In George Eliot's novel, Adam Bede, Arthur, an Oxford boxer, says the following of his counterpart Adam (described as a ‘big fellow'):
I could hit out better than most men at Oxford, and yet I believe you would knock me into next week if I were to have a battle with you.
While there have been many different variations on this saying over the years, the main thrust is that one could be capable of inducing such physical and mental damage on his victim that they are literally launched onto a new trajectory or altered state of progression. Such was the case on November 12, 2011, in a game between the Boston Bruins and the Buffalo Sabres, where this. just. happened:
Not only would the injury suffered by Ryan Miller and the relatively weak response from his teammates significantly alter the physical and mental state of the Sabres through the rest of the season, but this incident also clearly signaled a shift in philosophy in terms of how the team as a whole is to be constructed, resulting in several off season moves which will give the Sabres a new look whenever the puck drops in 2012-13.
Ryan Miller clearly was not happy with Lucic after the game, a frustration born not only out of a potential injury incurred by the hit (later confirmed by Miller as being a neck issue), but also perhaps by the fact that the response from his teammates was minimal at best. While Paul Gaustad attempted to make amends during the Sabres next game against the Bruins on November 23rd (to little avail), Buffalo's sabres appeared to have been quite dulled after the initial incident; they would win only 3 of the next 10 games (with Miller on the shelf), and even upon his return, the star goalie appeared to be quite far removed from the kind of stellar level of play he had demonstrated during the 2009-10 season.
The team's collective psyche had clearly taken a hit as well, and after accumulating 20 points in 15 games through November 11th (3 points back of the conference lead), the Sabres would finish the year 9th in the East, 3 points out of the playoffs. To their credit, the team did make a late push for a playoff spot, but it was all too little, too late for this group; and as the summer has progressed, it's clear that Sabres management deemed it necessary to make some ‘sizable' changes.
This shift began most noticeably at the 2012 NHL Entry Draft, where the Sabres drafted 5 centres of considerable stature in an attempt to add more size and depth at a position that greatly required a measure of both. Beginning with Mikhail Grigorenko & Zemgus Girgensons (drafted 12th & 14th overall respectively), and continuing later on in the draft with Justin Kea (3rd round, 73rd overall) & Logan Nelson (5th round, 133rd overall), Buffalo made great headway in terms of shoring up the C spot in the present and down the line, with a view to ensuring that the club would no longer be taken lightly at that position. The Sabres also added defenseman Jake McCabe (2nd round, 44th overall) who was paired with highly touted prospect Justin Schultz (EDM) last season at the University of Wisconsin, as well as the 6'4, 234lb Brady Austin out of Belleville (7th round, 193rd overall), whose size and skating ability could prove to be a boon for the club in the future should he be able to put it all together. Overall, the theme of the draft was clear – with all their top picks being listed at 6'+, and with an emphasis on adding depth at C, the Sabres sent out a message that they are building towards a more aggressive squad, one that is less easy to push around / ready & willing to get into dirty areas and involved in messy situations.
On July 2nd, the Sabres also upped their grit quotient by trading Derek Roy to the Dallas Stars for Steve Ott and Adam Pardy. Ott – who has amassed 1170 PIM over his career – is obviously no stranger to mixing it up, and has even been known to get into it with a coach or two along the way. He can also contribute in other areas of the score sheet as well (most notable in the face off circle, as he reminded us all on HBO 24/7), and should provide some experience and savvy up fron. Pardy has also demonstrated that he's more than willing to dance, particularly in the QMJHL where he put up over 300 PIMs in 2 full seasons in Cape Breton. And finally, to add insult to (potential) injury for future Sabres' opponents, Buffalo also brought in John Scott, he of the 6'8″, 270 lbs variety, with a 5 point to 236 PIM career ratio. Needless to say, Scott was signed less for his stick handling skills and more for his ability to stand up to the likes of Milan Lucic. In looking at his fight cards, it's clear that John Scott is not afraid of other notables NHL enforcers, and, to be frank, that's really the only purpose that he will serve with the team.
Add to that the fact the team has retained the service of Patrick Kaleta (along with Cody McCormick), and the Sabres will certainly possess more of an edge than in the past.
Even if the Sabres draft strategy may not have been directly related to the Lucic incident, but rather a case of taking two of the best available forwards in the first round and building that depth in the later rounds as well, the Ott / Scott additions marked a clear throwing down of the gauntlet to their Eastern Conference foes, most notably the Bruins. Sure, the Sabres had previously dealt away Gaustad and some muscle-in-waiting in Zach Kassian, but the addition of Cody Hodgson allowed the Sabres to jettison Derek Roy in order to acquire someone who has been around the block more than a few times. In trading the offensively gifted yet relatively demure Derek Roy for a more controversial and at times explosive figure like Ott, the Sabres truly revealed a shift in philosophy, more than willing to rely on their youth and established snipers for scoring while bringing in proven toughness to provide a more meaningful measure of protection around them.
But while the mantra may be “bigger, stronger, tougher” moving forward, it remains to be seen as to whether the Sabres as currently constructed are all that better as a whole. The burden will largely fall on other, more ‘talented' players to step things up in order for this team to improve and get back to the playoffs; but as they attempt to do so, they can be assured that there are a few new faces out there who will have their backs in the event that someone attempts to ‘Looch' them in the future.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's allies have won all of the capital's 30 seats in parliament, with 90 percent of votes counted from last week's election, state television reported on Sunday.
The pro-Rouhani List of Hope, led by reformist Mohammad Reza Aref, a former vice president, knocked the number one conservative candidate, Gholam-Ali Hadad Adel, into 31st place, sealing a whitewash, according to the preliminary results.
The tally showed Hadad Adel more than 6,000 votes behind the candidate in 30th place with the remaining 10 percent of ballots to be counted.
The results were based on around 2.6 million votes from a total of 2,900,000 in the capital, a key battleground.
Should the results be confirmed, it would also mean that all eight women on the List of Hope would be elected.
A total of 290 seats were up for grabs in Friday's election.
In the 260 seats in the provinces, the president's allies fared less well.
Out of the 56 constituencies outside the capital, 19 went to the main list of conservatives, nine to the pro-Rouhani list and 14 to independent candidates.
Of the independents, six had ties to conservatives, five to reformists and three were undeclared.
None of the remaining 14 seats had a clear winner, meaning a second round of voting will be needed, which is not expected until April or May.
(AFP)
Chilled tropical mango soup — pureed mango +coconut milk + lime juice = quick trip to Hawaii!
Let's go to Hawaii!
Too expensive? Then make this soup and close your eyes. The combination of mango, coconut and lime will take your taste buds there for almost free.
I love fruit soups and later the summer I always make plum soup, but a couple of years ago I started making this mango soup. It was finalist in a recipe contest on Food52, and I posted it about it here, but like anything else I make, I keep tweaking it a bit and thought I'd share the newest version with you. Mango is a very pulpy fruit, and processes into a thick liquid. I took it to a potluck recently and while the flavors were like a fresh tropical breeze, it was more smoothie than soup. I've reduced the yogurt and increased the coconut milk and low-fat milk. And I added a little lime zest. It's still thicker than, say, a broth, but it's more soup now than smoothie without losing the Island feel.
Something else I keep tweaking is this blog – which is one of the many things I love about self-publishing. The latest tweak is to begin including dietary information with each post. Even when making our own food from scratch, or nearly so, we are a consuming public who want to know details about the sustenance we're feeding our bodies. As time goes on, I'll likely tweak the information and format, but for now I'm transferring the information from My Fitness Pal app that I use to track my daily calories and exercise. If there's specific information you're interested in that's not shown, just let me know and I'll add it if possible.
Wimpy Tips
Crabmeat is a great combination with mango, so crab cakes would be my first choice!
Print Recipe 0 from 0 votes Mango, Coconut and Lime Soup (for a little trip to Hawaii) Prep Time 20 mins Total Time 20 mins Author: Susan Pridmore Ingredients 3 ripe mangos
1/2 seven-ounce container of plain Fage 2% Greek yogurt
1/2 cup coconut milk
1/2 cup low-fat milk
1 Tbsp + 2 tsp lime juice
1 tsp lime zest
2 tsp honey
1/2 Serrano pepper minced
1 tsp mint leaves
½ tsp kosher salt Instructions Slice the mangos in half around the large seed in the middle. Cross hatch the fruit, scoop it out with a spoon, and put into the bowl of a food processor fitted with a blade.
Add the remaining ingredients to the bowl, and whirl like crazy until smooth. If you don't have a food processor, I'm sure a blender would work fine too.
Chill for several hours before serving, or better yet - chill overnight in the refrigerator.
Nutrition Information (per serving)
Calories: 184
Fat: 3.4 grams
-Saturated: 2.3 grams
Carbs: 33.6 grams
Sugars: 29.7 grams
Protein: 7.1 grams
CLOSE Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in Indiana, Richard Mourdock, said he believes abortion should only be allowed when a mother's life is in danger and not when a woman is raped and becomes pregnant. This video was made possible by the Indiana Debate Commission
GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney distances himself from an Indiana Senate candidate.
Indiana Treasurer Richard Mourdock is the GOP nominee for U.S. Senate. (Photo: Michael Conroy, AP) Story Highlights Mourdock is the second Senate GOP nominee to make statements about rape and abortion
Mitt Romney has touted Mourdock's candidacy
Candidate clarifies remarks after debate
Indiana Senate candidate Richard Mourdock said Wednesday his comments have been "twisted," as he sought to explain controversial remarks about rape and abortion.
The Republican said during a debate against Democrat Joe Donnelly on Tuesday that when a woman becomes pregnant during rape "it is something that God intended."
Mourdock's original comments sparked an uproar from Democrats and caused presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who is featured in a Mourdock ad, to disavow the controversial statements. Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire canceled plans to campaign with Mourdock.
Jen Psaki, a spokeswoman for President Obama's campaign, said Obama "felt those comments were outrageous and demeaning to women."
Mourdock, who at times appeared teary during his news conference, said he regrets that his comments have been "twisted."
"I said life is precious. I believe life is precious. I believe rape is a brutal act. It is something that I abhor. That anyone could come away with any meaning other than what I just said is regrettable, and for that I apologize," Mourdock said, according to The Indianapolis Star's account of his news conference Wednesday.
'If they came away with any impression other than that I truly regret it, I apologize," he said. "I've certainly been humbled by the fact that so many people think that somehow was an interpretation."
CLOSE Republican Senate nominee Richard Mourdock refused to apologize this morning for his comments about whether pregnancies from rape were God's will, apologizing only for what he said were people's misinterpretation of them. Robert Scheer / The Star The Indianapolis Star
Asked whether abortion should be allowed in cases of rape or incest, Mourdock said during Tuesday's debate, "I struggled with it myself for a long time, but I came to realize that life is that gift from God. And, I think, even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen."
Romney spokeswoman Andrea Saul said in a statement that "Gov. Romney disagrees with Richard Mourdock and Mr. Mourdock's statements do not reflect Gov. Romney's views." Romney supports abortion in cases of rape, incest or when the life of the woman is in danger. Saul said Romney still supports Mourdock.
MORE: Mourdock's response to abortion question provokes controversy
Mourdock's comments, coming amid a hotly contested Senate race that could decide which party controls power, follow those of GOP Rep. Todd Akin of Missouri.
In August, Akin said women could prevent pregnancy in cases of "legitimate rape." Akin apologized for that comment, but top Republicans — including Romney — disavowed his comments and have abandoned him in a race that was considered winnable for the GOP. Democrat Claire McCaskill leads Akin by an average of 5 percentage points, according to polls compiled by RealClearPolitics.
Psaki said Mourdock's comments are "a reminder that a Republican Congress working with a Republican president, Mitt Romney, would feel that women should not be able to make choices about their own health care."
Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Sen. Patty Murray of Washington, chairwoman of the Senate Democrats' campaign committee, called on Romney to pull his Mourdock ad off the air. Psaki said "it is perplexing" that Romney has not called for the ad to stop.
Sen. John Cornyn of Texas, chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, said Mourdock's views are not different from those of Donnelly. Cornyn said the election is about "big ideas" such as the role of government, taxes and federal spending.
"Richard and I, along with millions of Americans — including even Joe Donnelly — believe that life is a gift from God," Cornyn said. "To try and construe his words as anything other than restatement of that belief is irresponsible and ridiculous. In fact, rather than condemning him for his position, as some in his party have when it's come to Republicans, I commend Congressman Donnelly for his support of life."
Donnelly has called himself "pro-life" and has sponsored legislation that would have denied abortion funding for victims of rape. Donnelly has said he did not know there was a provision for "forcible rape" in the bill, which was later removed.
"I was shocked by what was said, and I think it was insulting and wrong to women, to survivors of rape and to their families," Donnelly said. "It has no place -- comments like that -- in public discussion."
The Susan B. Anthony List, a conservative group that opposes abortion rights, restated its support for Mourdock and stressed its own ad campaign highlighting Donnelly's abortion record.
"Richard Mourdock said that life is always a gift from God, and we couldn't agree more," said Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the SBA List. "To report his statement as an endorsement of rape is either willfully ignorant or malicious. Congressman Donnelly should not underestimate our ability to understand Mourdock's meaning."
Democratic groups wasted no time in criticizing Mourdock. The Democratic National Committee came out with a Web video splicing together words from Romney's ad along with Mourdock's statements from Tuesday. American Bridge 21st Century, a super PAC, released its own Web video on Wednesday highlighting what it called Mourdock's "extreme views" on rape, climate change and bipartisanship. The super PAC's video opens with a snippet from Romney's pro-Mourdock ad and includes an image of Romney throughout.
Mourdock made national headlines this year when he defeated veteran GOP Sen. Richard Lugar in an intraparty primary. Lugar has kept the Indiana Senate seat in Republican hands for nearly 40 years, but polls show the Mourdock-Donnelly race is virtually tied.
In recent days, Republicans such as Arizona Sen. John McCain and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell have campaigned for Mourdock.
(Contributing: Judy Keen)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/Vof3hL
The Chicago Fire is the only expansion team to win MLS Cup, taking home the title in 1998, but ever since it's been a slow tumble towards the bottom of the league.
They reached MLS Cup two more times in 2000 and 2003, losing both, and took home four US Open Cups and a Supporters' Shield, all while making the MLS Cup Playoffs in 11 of their first 12 seasons.
Since that run, the Fire have made the playoffs just once in the last seven seasons and became the first team to finish last in back-to-back seasons in 2015 and 2016.
Prior to their last season at the bottom, the Fire brought in general manager Nelson Rodriguez and head coach Veljko Paunovic to turn things around. From the outset it was clear that the two knew it wouldn't be a quick rebuild, outlining a three-year plan to get back to the top. The first year of that plan was 2016 and we are now a quarter of the way into the second year of that plan, with some promising signs.
The team has collected 15 points in their first 10 games, placing them in the playoff race in a much improved Eastern Conference. The start is their best since the last time they made the playoffs in 2012.
Over the past offseason they acquired core players in central midfielders Dax McCarty and Juninho, along with a star player in Bastian Schweinsteiger. Nemanja Nikolic, also acquired prior to this season, looks to be a consistent goalscorer up top, as he has scored eight goals in his first 10 games. In addition to winger David Accam, it's clear that the Fire are beginning to take shape.
“We want to try and build something that is sustainable and history has shown that those teams that seem to have 4-5 years of a good run and of sustained success have a core of players that they get to keep together and I think we're closer to that core,” Rodriguez told MLSsoccer.com on Wednesday.
Rodriguez did not single out any specific individuals in that "core," but after years of seeing players come and go, it's safe to say the Fire are now seeking continuity and keeping their best players together.
“We recognize that there is still a long road to travel,” Rodriguez said. “We would like to believe that we are on the right road and we would like to believe that we're making good progress on that road but we recognize that the group that we have still needed a lot more time together to find itself, to create its own identity.”
Having said that, Rodriguez went on to explain that three-year plan was accelerated with the signings of Juninho and Schweinsteiger.
“I would say that we took opportunities to try and accelerate that plan this year by being nimble and by being prepared. Two examples to me are capturing Juninho's services because we can't honestly say we knew he'd be available. But when he was, we were in a position to try and capitalize on it.
“I think the signing of Bastian Schweinsteiger is another one. While he's a player we had targeted, at the time we had targeted his services and at the time we looked to incorporate him, the initial feedback probably had us thinking that if it was going to happen, it would happen in 2018. Again, I think a little bit of credit in terms of our work and our preparation was such that when the window of opportunity opened to make that 2017 window work, we were able to close it.”
The acceleration has helped results in the interim, but as Rodriguez made clear, there's still a long way to go. While the central midfield looks solid for years to come, along with striker and the left wing positions, there are still other questions throughout the roster.
Michael de Leeuw got off to a great start last year after coming over in the middle of the season, but has seemed to have lost his spot to Luis Solignac. Targeted Allocation Money was used to sign de Leeuw, but with the acquisition of Schweinsteiger, he seems to be a player who will be forced to play out of position on the right wing in the Fire's current setup.
Brandon Vincent was selected with the No. 4 pick in the 2016 SuperDraft and appears to be a player with major updside at left back going forward, but the rest of the backline has some question marks.
Michael Harrington has been a solid MLS right back for 10 years, but in today's MLS, he's probably not an every-game starter. We saw Drew Conner get a spot start at the position last weekend against the LA Galaxy.
Johan Kappelhof and Joao Meira make up the center back tandem after Jonathan Campbell lost his starting role in the preseason. The veterans are both very comfortable on the ball, but are lacking in terms of the physicality and aerial ability you would want to see in the heart of a defense. Both are also prone to lapses in concentration that allow opponents to get easy chances. Rodriguez agreed that the backline is a place the team would look to improve.
“We're a little bit light on the backline, we only have three “true” center backs. Finding more competition there I think is good.”
Team depth is also in question, especially after the injury to John Goossens, with few players with proven track records as professionals.
The Fire, like any team, want to make the playoffs this season, but the solution these issues may not come when the secondary transfer window opens on July 10.
“We are not going to rush. We're going to be patient and methodical with our approach, our assessments, our evaluations,” Rodriguez said when asked about the possibility of acquisitions this summer. “We are probably looking more at January than we are at the summer window. It is very, very difficult to assimilate players in that summer window and have them up to speed and effective in MLS in the same season. If it's not a truly special opportunity or a special player than I think we stand more of a chance of standing pat than of making of a move.”
With 23 more games this season, it will be a long and winding road for the Fire to reach the playoffs. But the Fire aren't only looking at this season; the progress of their three-year plan is the one that will really need to be evaluated at the end of 2017.
Where the Fire ultimately end up in the standings at the end of the season is not the ultimate decider on the team's success. With quality players now in place to lead, they can begin to build the rest of the roster into a contender.
If you're wondering how Rodriguez spends his days, it's clear what his focus is.
“I spend more time evaluating our current team," he said. "There is no more important player than the one we have. We control the environment of the players we have with the ability to try and make them better or more comfortable. In my opinion, that requires more attention, more focus, more priority. They're never mutually exclusive because as I earlier said, constructing the roster is an ongoing process.
"It never ends, never. You're never fully satisfied and you never stop trying to improve.”
Buy Photo Officials wouldn't say when the random checks would start in downtown Melbourne. (Photo: FLORIDA TODAY)Buy Photo
Bars that blast bass-thumping music downtown, beware: Code enforcement inspectors will start measuring decibel levels during random checks on Friday and Saturday nights.
Complaints of blaring music have increased the past few months from business owners, police officers and residents — particularly in Trinity Towers East and West, said Mark Herold, a code enforcement official.
Last week, Herold led an information session on Melbourne's noise ordinance at City Hall. Calling enforcement "a last resort," he took feedback from downtown business owners and asked them to monitor one another.
But Cocoa Beach concert promoter Robert Deuterman, who books bands at downtown festivals and bars, said enforcing a decibel limit is a vague, difficult task. Recalling that Melbourne was "dead downtown" when he bartended there years ago, he said the thriving nightlife scene is now the envy of Port Canaveral and Cocoa Beach.
"If you stress these poor people and tell them, 'No bands! Absolutely no bands!' and you have to be quiet as a church mouse, well, that means there's no business," he said.
Herold replied that tavern operators' property rights end at their property lines, and the noise ordinance is intended to protect the public.
"The city is saying, 'You can have noise as much as you want — on your property.' But outside your property line, it can't be more than 70 (decibels). They're not trying to control your business inside, with the music," he said.
The city has not issued any downtown-noise code violations this year, said Terry Oliver, a code enforcement inspector.
Herold declined to say when his agency's random checks will begin.
"We would prefer that you would all basically self-monitor yourselves. We're going to monitor you first. We're going to give you warnings. We're going to give you every opportunity to do what needs done to come into compliance first," Herold said.
Police Cmdr. Vince Pryce agreed.
"Your music belongs to your property. We've had some locations where they're hanging their speakers outside and playing music in the street," Pryce said.
In 2010, the Melbourne City Council created a "Downtown Entertainment Noise District" and turned up the allowable volume from 65 to 70 decibels from 9 a.m. to 1:30 a.m. This district extends along New Haven Avenue (Mustard's Last Stand to U.S. 1) and Strawbridge Avenue (Melbourne City Hall to U.S. 1).
Melbourne Main Street Executive Director Casey Gilbert suggested bar owners band together and ask City Council to boost nighttime limits to 75 or 80 decibels. She said the noise ordinance may no longer be suited for the growing nightlife zone.
Kevin Carlin, Mainstreet Pub operational manager, uses a decibel-meter app on his phone. Per ordinance, music from his venue's tiki bar cannot exceed 55 decibels after 10 p.m. at the neighboring Grant Place Condominiums. He sat in the second row during Wednesday's meeting in Council Chambers.
"When you were just speaking, you were just about at 55 decibels," Carlin told Herold. "Do you understand that a business, working at night at 55 decibels, is it almost impossible? An outdoor business?"
Herold said his department is studying how to start enforcing volume from street musicians, which have become common sights along New Haven Avenue.
Downtown noise limits
From the venue's property line
• 9 a.m. to 1:30 a.m.: 70 decibels
• 1:30 to 9 a.m.: 60 decibels
From any surrounding residential property
• 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.: 60 decibels
• 10 p.m. to 7 a.m.: 55 decibels
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/1hVdVU1
The list of talent at the disposal of the Pittsburgh Penguins' coaching staff is almost unfair.
Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin are both superstars, ranking first and second in points-per-game among NHL players since 2009-10. Chris Kunitz is a former first-team All Star. Kris Letang is a phenomenal first-unit power play defencemen. This is a team that should dominate offensively, especially on the man advantage.
Yet talent isn't everything when it comes to generating offence on the power play. The Penguins themselves illustrate this nicely; when they won the Stanley Cup in 2009 the team ranked 20th in the NHL with a 17.2 percent conversion rate, despite the presence of that quartet above; they'd fall all the way to 25th in 2010-11.
Another good example is the Minnesota Wild. The list of talent isn't quite as brilliant, but it's still long and impressive, with Zach Parise, Thomas Vanek, Jason Pominville and Ryan Suter all featuring prominently. The Wild have just five power-play goals on the season; that's fewer than the Penguins even if we subtract the 15 scored by Crosby, Malkin, Kunitz and Letang.
How are the Penguins so good? And why are the Wild so terrible?
There are a bunch of different answers to those questions, but basically it boils down to two key factors: Random chance, which plays more of a role than we normally like to admit; and the fact Pittsburgh's players are both insanely trigger-happy and crash the crease almost reflexively.
We'll get the chance component out of the way first, since it's both boring and predictable.
The Penguins average just seven shots more per hour than Minnesota (65-58), yet simultaneously score 10 goals more in that same hour (13-3). Pittsburgh's shooting percentage is buzzing at an almost certainly unsustainable 20.4 percent, while the Wild's is down in the dumps at 5.0 percent. Neither of those will continue at their present rate, and when they change, the gap between the two power plays will get smaller. Both teams had played just 17 games as of this writing, so it's not a surprise to see chance playing a significant role.
With that caveat out of the way, we can key in more on the actual differences between the two units. We're not going to focus too much on power play structure; both teams have (more or less) adopted the 1-3-1 setup that is ubiquitous around the league at the moment. We're also not going to look too much at how these clubs gain the offensive zone. Instead, we're going to key in on how they have scored their goals.
A lot of times, we picture the power play as a unit that gains the zone, finds its formation, and then passes the puck until the perfect shot emerges, but that isn't really how the Penguins operate. Just five of the team's 22 goals came off relatively clean shots. The other 17 (77.3 percent) were scored by shooting and going to the net, either by way of rebound, redirect, or just standing there and blocking the goalie's vision while the puck goes whistling by.
Minnesota, on the other hand, relies heavily on clean goals. Three of the team's five tallies (60.0 percent) saw a sniper beat the goalie cleanly; only two others came by redirect and the Wild hasn't scored any power-play goals off rebounds or by just blasting the puck into traffic. The problems with the Wild power play can be demonstrated (ironically enough) by way of one of the goals they succeeded in scoring:
That Jared Spurgeon goal starts with Mikko Koivu passing to Jason Zucker; Koivu could have shot the puck with Zucker providing the screen, but instead Zucker shifts to one side of the net. Zucker next passes to Jason Pominville in the slot; Pominville could have shot with Koivu in front, but instead holds the puck until Koivu slides to the side to take the pass. Koivu gives the puck back to Pominville, who is in shooting position at point blank range, but instead Pominville slides the puck through a defender to the side of the net where Spurgeon scores on an empty net at point blank range.
Going back and watching the entire power play is incredible, both for the way the Wild's forwards duck away from the front of the net and the club's reluctance to shoot. The first half of the man advantage saw Minnesota hold the zone with possession for a full 35 seconds consecutively; the team made 12 passes before finally electing to try a shot on net.
It's hard to score when ‘pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, pass, shoot!' is a team's strategy in the offensive zone.
Pittsburgh is a different animal entirely. The Penguins don't bother trying to get into perfect formation; they setup the conditions to get a shot away and then they shoot the puck. Not one of the Wild's goals were scored within 15 seconds of a zone entry; Pittsburgh has scored in those situations six times, including Crosby's most recent goal on Tuesday against Montreal:
There isn't anything artful about the goal. There is exactly one pass after the team gains the zone, cross-ice from Crosby to Malkin. Malkin takes just a moment to pivot around the puck and slide toward the middle before firing a dangerous shot on Carey Price. Malkin, Crosby and Patric Hornqvist all follow the puck to the net to pursue the rebound; Hornqvist gets one whack at it and then Crosby finishes the play off.
Given the choice between pretty and effective, the Penguins have opted for the latter. That's because it's the right choice.
"QUANTUM SHOT" #828 Link - article by Simon Rose
Elaborate Vintage Cigar Box Labels: A Plethora of Themes and Visual Curiosities
The collecting of cigar boxes is, like the collecting of stamps and coins, a specialized field of interest. Peculiar Postage, which previously appeared here on Dark Roasted Blend, was not intended as a detailed study of stamps, merely a look at some of the more curious examples. Similarly, the following article examines just a small selection of some of the most striking cigar box artwork from years gone by.
(images in this article, unless otherwise noted, are courtesy Cigar Box Labels; used by permission)
Originally, cigars were sold to customers in bundles covered with pigs' bladders, if you can believe it...
This hardly seems guaranteed to drive sales, but you'll be relieved to know that vanilla was used to make this pork packaging smell a little sweeter. Large chests that could hold around 1,000 stogies were next introduced, but by the 1830s, cigars were being packaged in sealed cedar boxes.
Cedar apparently stops the cigars from drying out and matures the tobacco as well, but either way it sounds like a distinct improvement on the bacon bladders. Between 1800 and 1960, wood was used to create around 80% of cigar boxes. The most common variety, called “nailed wood”, comprises six pieces of wood nailed together and holds 50 cigars.
(images in this article are courtesy Cigar Box Labels, used by permission)
By the middle of the nineteenth century, the industry had grown so much that it became necessary to distinguish one cigar brand from another. Labels began to appear featuring colourful illustrations, so that cigar manufacturers could set themselves apart from their competitors and attract more customers.
As with any industry's advertising, fashions and themes came and went. Famous people, politicians, mythological figures, pretty girls, children, patriotic figures and themes, animals, humour and more, were all used over the years to decorate cigar boxes. Here at Dark Roasted Blend, we spotlight just a tiny fraction of the multitude of labels produced during the golden age of cigar box art.
-------
The old gentleman on the right (see below) certainly appears to be enjoying his cigar. Old Nick himself on the left might be trying to promote a devilishly good brand, but could just as easily serve as an advertisement for the evils of tobacco. Still, I guess he'd never have any trouble finding a light for his cigar when he's relaxing at home, especially with all those flames around him in the underworld:
-------
Animals of various kinds were often used in cigar box art. Camels were quite closely associated with some tobacco products and here's one happily racing across the desert in Egypt. No doubt located very far from the desert, we find this rather aristocratic looking frog on this label from 1901. He certainly appears to be very content, or at least as content as a frog can look, on his comfy leaf by the pond:
-------
More animals here, with the hippo perhaps proclaiming his love and support for Zeko stogies with a defiant roar. These cigars were made in Cleveland, where hippos would have rarely been spotted back then, unless you were visiting the zoo or if maybe there was a circus in town. Not convinced of hippo expertise when it comes to cigars, the woman on the right seems to be getting advice on tobacco products straight from the horse's mouth:
-------
Fidel Castro is of course always cited as one of the most famous cigar smokers. However, he apparently did quit some years ago, showing leadership in an effort to persuade his fellow countrymen to adopt a healthier lifestyle. Intriguingly, the picture on the left promotes Cuban cigars using another Castro, who I guess could be distant ancestor of the famous president. On the right, the union being celebrated by Uncle Sam and his friends concerns the events in Cuba at the time of the Spanish American War in 1898. This friendliness seems in marked contrast to relations between the U.S. and Cuba in more recent decades.
-------
The Cuban Cavalier (left) would no doubt never have contemplated followed the country's flag into battle without having a supply of cigars close at hand. On the right, the picture is a recreation of a painting of the pioneers responsible for the first Trans-Atlantic cable, at their meeting in New York in 1854:
-------
Over a century separates the images depicted here. The Council of War on the left shows George Washington and his fellow revolutionaries prior to the Declaration of Independence in 1776. The right picture honours army and navy commanders in the Spanish-American War in 1898:
-------
Also related to the Spanish-American War, on the left we see President William McKinley (1843 to 1901), who after the war turned the United States into a colonial power. Perhaps to celebrate the birth of this new empire, Uncle Sam is shown (right) showering the world in cigars. Fitting in many ways, since cigars used to be handed out by the proud father to male friends and relatives to celebrate the birth of a child. Hard to believe nowadays that all that smoking used to take place in hospitals in close proximity to new born babies and their recovering mothers. How times have changed:
-------
In another celebration of history, George Washington (1732 to 1799) is featured on this label, along with Native Americans and a scene depicting the general crossing the Delaware in 1776 during the Revolutionary War. On the right, the label portrays the early days of the U.S. mail service using the expanding nation's burgeoning railroads, when items could be delivered from Delaware to just about anywhere else in the country, at what was then probably considered to be lightning speed:
-------
Here we have two people who died almost a century apart and who both had significant impacts on history. On the left, we have Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756 to 1791) one of the world's most renowned composers, who influenced countess other musicans both during his lifetime and after his untimely death at the age of 35. On the right is Otto von Bismarck (1815 to 1898), who united Germany into a powerful Empire in 1871 and dramatically changed the European balance of power. His career also had a lasting legacy, well into the following century and is still being felt today. Not sure how fond Mozart was of cigars, but apparently Bismarck used to smoke up to 14 a day. That's quite a formidable contribution to the tobacco industry, when you think about it. No wonder someone thought it was appropriate to honor him by putting his picture on the lid of the box:
-------
This label (left) features Oliver Cromwell (1599 to 1658), depicted as a man of the people after his success in the English Civil War and the execution of King Charles I. However, since under his regime the Puritans clamped own on the revelry of such things as Christmas, I'm not sure if he'd have been in favour of cigars at all. On the right is Sir Walter Scott (1771 to 1832), the Scottish novelist and poet who was very popular in his time for such novels as Ivanhoe and Rob Roy. Scott can still be seen regularly today, since his portrait is featured on Scottish banknotes:
-------
Mr. Riley doesn't exactly look ecstatic, but perhaps he could turn on the charm when needed for his customers, since they all evidently thought so highly of him. William Gladstone (1809 to 1898) was one of the best known of Britain's Prime Ministers in the reign of Queen Victoria. Not sure how he felt about cigars, but he was very religious and introduced restrictions on the sale of alcohol and the licensing of pubs and bars, so he may not have spoken as highly of Mr. Riley, had the two men been acquainted with each other.
-------
With Rip Van Winkle offering a toast and hoping that we all will live long and prosper, you'd almost expect him to be giving that famous Mr. Spock Vulcan hand signal. Mr. Van Winkle, of course, fell asleep and awoke many years later, becoming a time traveler of sorts. The prophet (right) made a living by seeing the future as well, while staying firmly in the present as he doubtless consulted his crystal ball, books, star charts and other divination tools.
-------
The man on the left certainly seems to be enjoying his cigar and could even be attempting to send smoke signals. The Buccaneer doesn't look too happy at all. Perhaps he's waiting for his stogie supply to be delivered by those ships in the background? -
-------
He appears to be very satisfied (left) with his luxurious smoke, don't you think? On the right, at first glance this seems like quite an odd name for a cigar brand. After all, if the woman on the left has received a letter and her friend is offering her condolences, you'd expect them to be wearing sadder expressions, wouldn't you? However, who knows what's written in that letter. Maybe she's just heard that an exploding Prime cigar killed the husband she loathed? -
-------
Here's another happy gentleman, although there's no indication of what people around him thought to the aroma of his “fine fragrant cigar.” Not sure if the fellow on the right was an actual judge or otherwise employed in the legal profession, but he looks prosperous enough:
-------
The Bull Frog label (left) is another fine example of the wonderful illustrations that so often graced cigar boxes. I'm not sure how big a factor it would have been in the sales of the cigars, but you have to admire the quality of the artwork. Another famous historical figure, Buffalo Bill (1846 to 1917) appears on the left picture, possibly in an attempt to make cigars appear manly and heroic? -
-------
This German label (left) wishes ‘Good Hunting' to the man presumably having a relaxing smoke, before heading out to find some deer in the woods. The right image commemorates Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin (1838 to 1917) the aviation pioneer, although I don't think he would have sanctioned cigar smoking on board the airship. A stray spark could have been disastrous, due to the inflammable fuel. Then again, maybe that's what happened to the Hindenburg? -
(images credit: Cerebro.com)
-------
Another German label (left), this time promoting good health, may seem somewhat inappropriate, considering the smoking and drinking that's going on, although the frothing beer does look tempting. On the other hand, the brand name of the cigars on the right seems highly appropriate, since a pile of white ash is always the end result:
-------
Today, it seems surprising, to put it mildly, that children were often used to advertise cigars in years gone by, as shown in these two examples. The dangers of smoking were not fully understood back then or at least not as publicized as they are now. Still, the boy in the right picture certainly doesn't look old enough to be smoking, as he accepts a light from a girl who looks to be scarcely older than him.
The left image features an angelic ideal of childhood, in order to somehow boost sales of Yankee Boy cigars. In stark contrast, the picture on the right maybe portrays a more realistic portrayal of American youth at the time, or at least as far as the criminal world was concerned. This streetwise kids gang is masterminding the robbery of a cigar store, bizarrely using an angry goat as a secret weapon.
-------
This is an interesting one on the left. As handy as it would be to have a reliable light for your stogie, it's tough to imagine how you could actually do that while holding the cigar and the rapidly burning match in the same hand simultaneously. Maybe this person is about to light someone else's cigar? On the right, we have yet another child appearing in a cigar promotion, but at least this time she just looks curious as to what grandpa is up to, rather than smoking the cigar herself.
(images credit: Cerebro.com)
-------
Whale-Back (left) refers to an ocean going vessel, rather than an aquatic mammal, but the manufacturers were still hoping to appeal to potential customers by stressing the whale of a time you'd have with this particular cigar. I wonder if this particular brand was bigger than all the competitors too? On the right, this picture doesn't describe some strange culinary creation, but a boat or ship serving the German city of Hamburg:
-------
And finally, these two labels are both very curious. On the left, we have a monk eating oysters, washed down with red wine and accompanied by a smoldering cigar. The right image is very strange too and after a first glance at the title, you might assume that the woman is attending college after a funeral. However, on closer inspection we can see that she's waving the flag for the football team and presumably is frequently left alone, like a golf widow, I suppose:
(unless otherwise noted, images in this article are courtesy Cigar Box Labels, used by permission)
Article by Simon Rose for Dark Roasted Blend.
CONTINUE TO "PECULIAR POSTAGE: UNUSUAL STAMPS"! ->
ALSO READ THE REST OF OUR "VINTAGE" CATEGORY ->
BANGKOK — A new set of harsher punishments for foreigners who work illegally is necessary in the name of protecting the “lives and property of Thai people,” a Labor Ministry spokesman said Wednesday
The revised labor law, which came into effect Friday, prescribes tougher jail terms and fines for both foreign employees and their Thai employers who violate visa and work permit regulations. The same law also added more severe punishment for those engaged in human trafficking.
“This new law will be applied to foreigners of all nationalities, not just the three neighboring countries,” spokesman Ananchai Uthaipatanacheep said by phone. “Whether you are from Vietnam or Russia, if you do something wrong, you will get the tougher punishment.”
Foreigners caught working in Thailand without a work permit face a maximum jail terms of five years and fines up to 100,000 baht. Foreigners who are employed in occupations other than what's registered on their work permit risk fines up to 100,000 baht, five times as much as previously.
Meanwhile, employers convicted of hiring foreigners without proper registration face a maximum fine of 800,000 baht per worker, or eight times the previous fine of 100,000 baht.
Ananchai said the harsher penalties will weed out foreigners who live or work in Thailand without registering with the authorities, which can threaten the “safety and lives and property of Thai people.”
The spokesman said expats who have valid visas and work permits need not worry.
“If you enter the kingdom legally, and if you possess the proper passports, visas and work permits, I can guarantee you that this new law won't affect you,” he said.
Related stories:
Gov't Approves 10-Year Visas for Foreigners Over 50
Free Tourist Visas Extended Through August
Adam Schefter says Jaguars rookie cornerback Jalen Ramsey will miss time after tearing a meniscus in rookie minicamp but should be back by the start of the regular season. (2:00)
This story has been clarified. Read below
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- For the second offseason in a row, the Jacksonville Jaguars' first-round draft pick went down with a knee injury, but the one that cornerback Jalen Ramsey suffered isn't as serious as the one that cost defensive end Dante Fowler Jr. his 2015 season.
The Jaguars said Ramsey suffered a small tear to the meniscus in his right knee during Phase 2 of on-field workouts earlier this week. A source told ESPN's Adam Schefter that Ramsey was hurt during a drill but didn't know it at the time. Ramsey's knee was sore after practice, the source said, leading to an MRI the next day that revealed the small tear.
Jalen Ramsey will use a second opinion next week to determine which course of action to take with his knee. Kamil Krzaczynski/USA TODAY Sports
Sources said that Ramsey is being told there are two possible courses of surgical treatment -- one that would keep him out four to six weeks and one that would keep him out four to six months.
He will have a second opinion next week with Dr. James Andrews, which will help him determine which course to pursue. Depending on that opinion, he could miss some training camp, but the Jaguars believe he will be ready for Week 1 against the Green Bay Packers, a source said.
Ramsey was the fifth overall pick in last month's draft. He signed his rookie contract Sunday. Prior to doing so, a source told Schefter that the injury would not be a factor in his deal.
The Jaguars begin organized team activities Monday. Ramsey was expected to start at corner this season opposite Davon House.
Editor's Picks Karma, revenge, bad luck? Jalen Ramsey injury the latest setback for Jaguars franchise The Jaguars desperately needed something good to happen after nearly a decade of futility and instead got more bad news on the fifth overall pick.
Ramsey back at CB with perspective Jalen Ramsey overcame a knee surgery in high school that most athletes never do. It should be no surprise, then that he is embracing another position change this season with Florida State. 1 Related
This isn't his first injury to the right knee. Ramsey needed microfracture surgery on it during high school, ending his sophomore season before it even began.
A Florida State football source told ESPN's Adam Caplan that Ramsey did not have any issues with his right knee during his time with the Seminoles.
The Jaguars, meanwhile, lost Fowler for the 2015 season after he suffered a torn left ACL less than an hour into the first day of the team's rookie minicamp. The Jaguars scaled back this year's minicamp -- they instead called it an orientation -- by focusing more on conditioning and position-specific drills, partly because of what happened to Fowler.
Ramsey isn't the Jaguars' only draft pick with a knee issue.
Linebacker Myles Jack was one of the most talented defensive players in the draft but slid into the second round because of concerns about his surgically repaired right knee. Jack tore his lateral meniscus off the bone in September and missed the rest of the season at UCLA.
Jack told the New York Post the day before the NFL draft that he could potentially need microfracture surgery, and there have been reports that Jack also has a degenerative defect in the knee that may cause the cartilage and bone to separate.
The Jaguars' medical staff thoroughly checked out Jack's knee, and the team felt confident enough in the medical reports to move up two spots in the second round to draft Jack with the 36th overall pick.
Jaguars' Last 5 1st-Round Picks Year What Happened 2016 Jalen Ramsey suffers knee injury, characterized as a small mensicus tear 2015 Dante Fowler Jr. tore ACL in 1st practice 2014 Blake Bortles has led the NFL in times sacked in 1st two seasons 2013 Luke Joeckel placed on IR after 5 games in rookie season with broken ankle 2012 Justin Blackmon suspended twice, including indefinite suspension in November '13
Information from ESPN's Adam Schefter and Dan Graziano was used in this report.
A May 19 story on ESPN.com had an incorrect timeframe for Jacksonville Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey's knee injury. Ramsey suffered the injury the week of May 16 during Phase 2 of the team's on-field workouts program, not during its minicamp/orientation.
Lady Gaga in Manila
THE PASAY CITY government is monitoring the concert of pop star Lady Gaga amid fears of some groups that she'll perform “evil” acts. I wonder who is monitoring the day-to-day activities of the Pasay City government.
Ultra-conservative religious groups want Lady Gaga's concert stopped. They insist that the pop superstar symbolizes “everything that is corrupt and demonic.” In other words, she has the potential to succeed in politics.
Some groups are calling for a ban on Lady Gaga's concert in Manila. They say that Lady Gaga is “satanic;” her songs are blasphemous, and her concert tickets are too expensive.
Protesters are seeking the help of SM Mall of Asia Arena owner Henry Sy in an effort to stop the concert of Lady Gaga. The tycoon couldn't release a statement yet because he was reportedly busy watching the latest concert DVDs of Metallica and Iron Maiden.
Former Manila Mayor Lito Atienza says Lady Gaga is known for her offensive racy getups. Somebody must tell Atienza that his forever floral shirts are equally offensive.
The MMDA warned motorists to avoid all roads near the venue of Lady Gaga's concert. Traffic's going to be HELL.
Popstar Lady Gaga has arrived in Manila. Her concert will push through despite protests from the Taliban some ultra-conservative groups.
Just Married
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg has wed longtime girlfriend, 27-year-old Priscilla Chan. In a congratulatory message, Beijing praised Zuckerberg for choosing “one of our own.”
Mark Zuckerberg has wed longtime girlfriend Priscilla Chan. The Facebook founder denied he's running in the coming elections.
The CEO of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg and his girlfriend of nine years Priscilla Chan just got married. There was this awkward moment during the exchange of vows. When Zuckerberg said, “for richer or for poorer,” the priest interrupted, “Poorer?!? Ulol!”
Mark Zuckerberg, 28 has married his longtime girlfriend, 27-year-old Priscilla Chan. Zuckerberg just changed his Facebook status from “In a relationship” to “It's complicated.”
Rumors have it Priscilla Chan fell in love with Mark Zuckerberg because he would always ‘poke' her.
Geeky Mark Zuckerberg just got hitched. There's still hope President Aquino. There's still hope.
The founder of Facebook just got married – while the founder of Friendster just got forgotten.
Representative Rama?
Feisty talent manager Annabelle Rama is reportedly running for a Congressional seat in Cebu. Cebuanos are now running away from the province.
No Bribe
A recent study showed 90 percent of Filipinos do not resort to bribes or grease money when transacting business with government offices. The rest were LTO customers.
Heart and Chiz
Rumors say Sen. Francis Joseph “Chiz” Escudero and young actress Love Marie “Heart” Evangelista are dating. They are having some R&R. Rebound Romance.
Last Saturday on showbiz talk show Startalk, Heart Evangelista was asked if there's truth to rumors she and Chiz were dating The actress replied, “We're good friends. He's brilliant. I enjoy talking to him.” Or in showbiz terms, “Yes. I like him. Sana nga.”
Top 5 Rejected Portmanteaus for future couple Francis Joseph “Chiz” Escudero and Love Marie “Heart” Evangelista
No. 5: Love + Francis = Locis
No. 4: Marie + Francis = Mais
No. 3: Francis + Marie = Marie Franc
No. 2: Marie + Joseph = Marioseph
And the No.1 rejected portmanteau for Chiz and Heart…
Francis + Heart = Fart
———————————–
“Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful.”
~Edward Gibbon
Quotes Quiz: Who said…
“'Yung isang kanta ‘yung ‘Born This Way,' it's also telling the young people na you can do anything you want anyway you are born this way. It is not only immoral, it is a blasphemy. The Lord Jesus Christ is being maligned here and mocked.”
A: Former Manila representative Benny Abante Jr.
B: Former Manila Mayor Lito Atienza
C: Archbishop Emeritus Oscar Cruz
D: DepEd Sec. Bro. Armin Luistro
Have a productive week ahead!
I am on Twitter: @HecklerForever.
Answer to Quotes Quiz:
A: Benny Abante Jr.
Advertisements
A Georgia police department is under investigation after a video emerged of one of its officers beating a homeless woman during an arrest.
DeKalb County Police Department has reopened the investigation into a complaint of use of force that was filed on 4 June after an officer responded to reports of a woman allegedly begging for money at a Texaco Food Mart.
The officer was originally cleared following an internal inquiry, but the force has said it will examine "new evidence" relating to the report after a video of the incident went viral on social media.
The video, filmed by Stacy Zachery on his mobile phone, shows the officer in question repeatedly hitting the woman, identified as Katie McCrary, before arresting her.
Zachary told Fox 5: "I heard some scrambling going on and she was on the phone and he was just beating her. Something just went through my heart when I heard the first kick. He hit everything on her body except for the bottom of her feet."
A DeKalb County Police Department spokesperson said: "Upon the officer's arrival, the female, identified as Katie McCrary, attempted to push the officer out of the way.
"The officer stopped her at the door and asked her to step back. Words were exchanged between the officer and McCrary with McCrary subsequently assaulting the officer. She continued to aggressively resist the officer's commands, resulting in the deployment of the officer's baton.
"The officer was eventually able to restrain and handcuff McCrary. EMS responded to the scene to check McCrary. She was transported to the DeKalb County Jail and later to Grady Hospital. The officer filed a Use of Force Report on the incident.
"Now that the Department has this new [video] evidence. "We have reopened the investigation and will determine whether the incident is consistent with policy and the law."
McCrary was later charged with obstructing or hindering law enforcement officers and served a criminal trespass warning at the request of the store manager.
Warning: Some viewers may find content of video distressing.
UPDATED: Gunshot Victim Found on Montgomery College Campus in Rockville
Police say the shooting did not happen on the college's campus
By Andrew Metcalf
Update – 3:50 p.m. – A man in his mid 20s was found shot in the leg on the Rockville campus of Montgomery College Tuesday morning.
Maj. Michael England of the Rockville City Police Department said the man, who was found around 10 a.m., appears to have suffered a single gunshot wound and that his injuries are nonlife-threatening. England said the man was transported to a local hospital. He added that the shooting did not happen on the Rockville campus and that the victim is not cooperating with police.
England said the man flagged down a motorist in the 900 bluck Hungerford Drive after he was shot and the driver brought him to the college's campus after calling 911.
Police located the injured man in Lot 9 on the campus. Police believe the shooting is an isolated incident and there is no threat to students or faculty at the college. Police have not yet released the victim's name.
Montgomery College, on its Facebook page, acknowledged that a person was found shot in the leg on campus, but said the campus is secure. “The apparent shooting DID NOT HAPPEN ON CAMPUS and there is no safety threat to the Rockville campus,” the college said in the Facebook post.
England said police are in the early stages of an investigation and do not know where the shooting occurred, who the shooter is or what the motive is behind the shooting. He said Rockville police will be leading the investigation.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Afghan forces, backed by the United States, have killed an estimated 300 Islamic State fighters in an operation mounted two weeks ago, the top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan said on Wednesday, calling it a severe blow to the group.
The commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan General John W. Nicholson sits during his visits from Kunduz province, Afghanistan, March 22, 2016. REUTERS/Stringer
General John Nicholson said the offensive in the eastern province of Nangarhar was part of U.S. operations to degrade the capabilities of Islamic State wherever it raised its head, whether in Iraq and Syria or in Afghanistan.
The group, believed to be confined to three or four of the more than 400 districts in Afghanistan, last month claimed responsibility for bombing a demonstration by the Shi'ite Hazara minority in the capital, Kabul, in which at least 80 people were killed.
Nicholson, in New Delhi for talks with the Indian military which has provided training and some arms to Afghanistan, said Afghan forces supported by the United States had just carried out a counter-terrorism operation against Islamic State.
“They killed a number of top leaders of the organization and upto 300 of their fighters,” he told reporters.
“Obviously it's difficult to get an exact count, but what this amounts to is about 25 percent of the organization at least, and so this represents a severe setback for them.”
Islamic State first appeared in Afghanistan at the beginning of 2015, and had about 3,000 fighters at the height of the movement, many of them former members of militant groups such as the Pakistani Taliban and the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan.
Previously considered a much smaller threat than its bitter enemies the Taliban, the group's bomb attack in Kabul underlined how dangerous it could be, even without holding large tracts of territory.
On Tuesday, another U.S. military official said American soldiers helping Afghan troops fight Islamic State in Nangarhar were forced to abandon equipment and weapons when their position came under fire.
Fighters from the group had circulated photographs of a rocket launcher, grenades, ammunition, identification cards, an encrypted radio and other equipment they said they had seized.
By being more aggressive, the Afghan military were more successful this year against the Taliban than in 2015, when they lost 5,000 men, Nicholson said.
The killing of Afghan Taliban chief Mullah Mohammad Akhtar Mansour in a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan had been a greater blow to the group than they had let on, partly because the Taliban were having trouble getting control of the finances he dealt with, Nicholson said.
Pieter Weening has reacted to the claims of his former teammate Michael Rasmussen by stating that the Dane is probably frustrated.”He lost the court case against Rabobank which probably made him very frustrated,” the Orica-Greenedge rider told De Telegraaf. Related Articles Orica-GreenEdge asks Weening to confirm anti-doping statement
Freire seeks retraction from Rasmussen regarding doping at 2007 Tour
Rasmussen retracts doping allegations against Freire, Flecha
Orica-GreenEdge expresses support of Weening
Rasmussen: The bus driver hid EPO in his underpants
Michael Rasmussen settles with Rabobank
In a live web chat after an interview with Danish broadcaster DR, Michael Rasmussen claimed that 100% of the 2007 Rabobank Tour de France team was on doping. “Within the Rabobank team: 100% [used doping products]. Not everyone took the same products, but all riders were on some form of doping provided by the team,” he said.
The Danish rider later backtracked on his previous statement saying that he never actually saw Juan Antonio Flecha or Oscar Freire use banned substances. Triple world champion Freire had threatened to sue Rasmussen for his allegations.
In Curaçao, where Weening participated in the Amstel Curaçao Race, the Dutch rider reacted to Rasmussen's allegations. “Desperate needs lead to desperate deeds,” Weening said. “Rasmussen comes up with different stories every time. He declared something else when he was under oath at the court. It's obvious he is frustrated because he lost the case against Rabobank.”
Rasmussen received €665,000 in damages when a court found that Rabobank wrongfully sent him home from the 2007 Tour de France while the Dane was in the yellow jersey. Both parties appealed the decision and when Rasmussen eventually lost, he had to re-pay the original sum.
Grischa Niermann, who was also part of the 2007 Rabobank Tour de France team has also reacted to Rasmussen's statement that 100% of the team was on doping. “I don't know where he gets that from,” the now-retired German rider said on national television. “I can say for myself that I only received vitamins and supplements from the team doctor but no banned substances.”
Niermann was supended for six months at the beginning of this year after he confessed to having used doping in 2003. “Thanks to the people around me I realised in 2003 that banned substances was not the path I wanted to follow. That's why I stopped and for the past 10 years, I tried to set an example for the young riders at Rabobank as being honest, hardworking and professional,” he said in a statement in January. After his ban ended, he returned to his coaching job at the Rabobank Development Team.
Orica-Greenedge have asked Weening to re-confirm the anti-doping statement he signed prior to joining the Australian team.
Following last year's fantastic Star Trek: Deep Space Nine collection, La-La Land has announced a new Star Trek: Enterprise soundtrack collection going on sale December 2!
La-La Land's release, announced on their Facebook page reads as follows:
La-La Land Records and CBS proudly present the original television soundtrack to STAR TREK: ENTERPRISE, starring Scott Bakula, John Billingsley and Jolene Blalock. This stunning 4-CD collection showcases the powerful work of the notably talented composers who kept this prequel STAR TREK series at warp speed for four exciting seasons. The music expertly runs the gambit from the bold and thrilling to the thoughtful and emotional – it's essential science fiction music that touches the heart while it opens the mind. Disc One features the music of Dennis McCarthy, Disc Two showcases Jay Chattaway's work, while Disc Three's “Veterans and New Recruits” highlights a variety of composers as does Disc Four's “Fan Favorites,” which includes music from such episodes as In A Mirror, Darkly, Parts I and II and “Regeneration” among others. Produced by Ford A. Thaxton, James Nelson, Mark Banning and Lukas Kendall and mastered by James Nelson, this special release of 3000 Units includes a 36-Page Booklet featuring in-depth notes by writer Jeff Bond, with new comments from McCarthy, Chattaway and others. The first 200 customers who purchase the cd directly through the La-La Land Records website will receive an autographed tray card signed by composers Dennis McCarthy, David Bell and John Frizzell at no extra charge. Quantities are limited and you are NOT guaranteed a signed copy.
Check out the track listing La-La Land has provided and see if your favorite episodes are represented!
DISC ONE: Music by Dennis McCarthy
* Music by Dennis McCarthy & Kevin Kiner
1. Where My Heart Will Take Me (Main Title, Season One) (1:25)
Written by Diane Warren, performed by Russell Watson
Shockwave, Part I #026
2. Disaster (0:56)
3. Eulogy (1:43)
4. Daniels Arrives (3:02)
5. Hide and Seek (3:34)
6. No Return (3:41)
Recorded May 15, 2002 / Original Airdate: May 22, 2002
Shockwave, Part II #028
7. A Refresher (1:43)
8. Playing Possum (2:16)
9. The Captain (2:25)
10. Onward (0:23)
Recorded September 10, 2002 / Original Airdate: September 18, 2002
The Expanse #052
11. Florida Attack (0:47)
12. On the Team (2:12)
13. Now There Is One / Loop-de-Loop (5:02)
Recorded May 14, 2003 / Original Airdate: May 21, 2003
Impulse #057
14. Blocked Exit (2:57)
15. Paranoia (2:02)
Recorded October 1, 2003 / Original Airdate: October 8, 2003
Twilight #060
16. Armageddon (1:40)
17. Rip Van Winkle / Angst (2:05)
18. Showdown / Back to the Past (6:59)
Recorded October 1, 2003 / Original Airdate: October 8, 2003
Carpenter Street #063
19. Street Walkin' (3:05)
Recorded November 19, 2003 / Original Airdate: November 26, 2003
Kir'Shara* #085
20. Kir'Shara Activated (3:29)
Recorded November 23, 2004 / Original Airdate: December 3, 2004
Countdown* #075
21. Re–Cap Enterprise 075 (1:32)
22. Ready to Fire (3:27)
23. Countdown Begins (1:10)
24. Hays Departs (1:34)
Recorded May 3, 2004 / Original Airdate: May 19, 2004
Storm Front, Part II* #078
25. Recap–Enterprise 078 (1:10)
26. Fight to the Death (3:06)
27. Stukas Coming / The Vortex (3:11)
28. Timeline Restored (1:19)
29. Home at Last (1:39)
Recorded September 23, 2004 / Original Airdate: October 15, 2004
30. Where My Heart Will Take Me (End Credits Instrumental) (1:03)
Total Time – Disc One: 70:52
DISC TWO: Music by Jay Chattaway
1. Where My Heart Will Take Me (Main Title, Season Three) (1:22)
Written by Diane Warren, performed by Russell Watson
Civilization #009
2. Old City (2:34)
3. Entering the Reactor / Reactor Surprise (3:13)
4. Memorable (0:29)
Recorded November 6, 2001 / Original Airdate: November 14, 2001
The Catwalk #038
5. Taking Back Enterprise / Capitan a Capitan / Core Is Down (7:43)
Recorded December 11, 2002 / Original Airdate: December 18, 2002
North Star #061
6. Hangin' Offense (1:01)
7. Gunfight / Final Fight (4:17)
8. New School (0:59)
Recorded November 5, 2003 / Original Airdate: November 11, 2003
Zero Hour #076
9. Sphere Builder On Board / Andorian Offensive / Sphere / Final Showdown (12:03)
10. My Captain (2:29)
Recorded May 13, 2004 / Original Airdate: May 26, 2004
Storm Front, Part I #077
11. Daniels' Goodbye (2:50)
Recorded September 16, 2004 / Original Airdate: October 8, 2004
Awakening #084
12. Meet Surak (1:37)
13. Archer Remembers Cave / Vulcans On the Attack / Kir'shara (7:03)
Recorded November 17–18, 2004 / Original Airdate: November 26, 2004
Bound #093
14. Slave Girl Dance (2:07)
15. Kelby Under the Spell (1:20)
16. Captain Romantic / Disoriented Captain (4:00)
17. Harrad-Sar Attacks / Trip Foils Slave Girls (5:27)
Recorded March 15–16, 2005 / Original Airdate: April 15, 2005
Terra Prime #097
18. Five Seconds to Impact (2:02)
19. Her Name Is Elizabeth (1:19)
20. Archer's Speech (1:49)
21. Grieving (2:22)
Recorded April 22, 2005 / Original Airdate: May 13, 2005
BONUS TRACK
The Catwalk #038
22. Into the Sunset (0:32)
Recorded December 11, 2002 / Original Airdate: December 18, 2002
23. Where My Heart Will Take Me (End Credits Instrumental) (0:49)
Total Time – Disc Two: 70:59
DISC THREE: Veterans and New Recruits
1. Archer's Theme (Unused Main Title) (1:24) (Dennis McCarthy)
Horizon #046 (Mark McKenzie)
2. Travis in Sweet Spot / Change of Course (1:37)
3. Up Your Alley (4:18)
4. Star Map (1:16)
5. We're Under Attack (1:50)
6. Band of Brothers (3:33)
7. Never Better Sir (1:23)
Recorded April 2, 2003 / Original Airdate: April 16, 2003
Terra Nova #006 (David Bell)
8. Phaser Cuts Log (1:48)
Recorded October 16, 2001 / Original Airdate: October 24, 2001
Dear Doctor #013 (David Bell)
9. Doc's First Installment / Phlox Needs a Friend (3:46)
Recorded October 16, 2001 / Original Airdate: October 24, 2001
The Andorian Incident #007 (Paul Baillargeon)
10. Sanctuary Interrupted (0:47)
11. Sensor Array (2:32)
Recorded October 23, 2001 / Original Airdate: October 31, 2001
Vox Sola #022 (Paul Baillargeon)
12. Force Field Ready / Take Me Home / Crew Released / Home of the Tendril (3:28)
Recorded April 17, 2002 / Original Airdate: May 1, 2002
First Flight #050 (Paul Baillargeon)
13. Prototype Crash (3:34)
14. See You Out There (1:41)
Recorded May 1, 2003 / Original Airdate: May 14, 2003
Proving Ground #065 (John Frizzell)
15. Recap (1:32)
16. Turning the Tables (4:12)
Recorded January 13, 2004 / Original Airdate: January 21, 2004
Silent Enemy #012 (Velton Ray Bunch)
17. First Encounter (2:03)
18. Taking Risks / Showdown (4:44)
19. Pineapple Cake (0:59)
Recorded December 11, 2001 / Original Airdate: January 16, 2002
Desert Crossing #024 (Velton Ray Bunch)
20. Warm Welcome (1:14)
21. Geskana Match / Archer Goes for Goal (2:52)
22. Trip's Menu (1:23)
23. The Rescue (3:00)
24. Not Why We're Here (0:59)
Recorded April 30, 2002 / Original Airdate: May 8, 2002
Similitude #062 (Velton Ray Bunch)
25. In Memoriam (0:43)
26. Warp Drive Test (3:08)
27. You Owe Me One (3:51)
Recorded November 12, 2003 / Original Airdate: November 19, 2003
The Augments #082 (Velton Ray Bunch)
28. Recap / Teaser–Enterprise 082 (1:51)
29. Pathogen Bomb (3:27)
30. Goodbye Doc (0:39)
Recorded November 4, 2004 / Original Airdate: November 12, 2004
31. Archer's Theme (End Credits) (0:39) (Dennis McCarthy)
Total Time – Disc Three: 79:09
DISC FOUR: Fan Favorites
In a Mirror, Darkly, Parts I and II #094 (Dennis McCarthy & Kevin Kiner)
1. First Contact Revisited (1:49) (Jerry Goldsmith, Dennis McCarthy & Kevin Kiner)
2. Mirror Main Title From Enterprise (1:21)
3. Mutiny (3:53)
4. Dangerous Seduction (2:43)
5. Counter Attack (2:31)
6. Boarding the Defiant (2:23)
7. Tholian Web (2:08)
8. Abandon Enterprise (1:59)
9. Recap–Enterprise 095 (1:00)
10. Defiant Trapped / Defiant Fights Back (2:49)
11. T'Pol Interrogation (1:31)
12. Booby Trap (2:26)
13. Gorn to Die (2:53)
14. Defiant to the Rescue (2:14)
15. T'Pol Busted (2:05)
16. Phlox Sabotage (1:55)
17. Avenger Attacks (2:02)
18. Empress Hoshi (1:16)
Recorded March 30, 2005 / Original Airdates: April 22 and 29, 2005
Regeneration #049 (Brian Tyler)
19. Borg Crash Site / Borg Awakening (3:13)
20. Archer Tells Plan / Distress Call / Phlox Attacked (3:10)
21. Hive Mind / Borg Hunt / Dead in the Water (6:43)
22. Borg Attack / Borg Attack 2 (7:23)
23. Message in a Bottle / Postponed (0:58)
Recorded April 22, 2003 / Original Airdate: May 7, 2003
These Are The Voyages #098 (Dennis McCarthy & Kevin Kiner)
24. Freeze Program / Enterprise D (0:59)
25. Narrow Escape (1:24)
26. Under Attack / Trip Hurt (4:28)
27. Trip's Possessions / It Was Worthwhile (1:46)
28. Heroic / Trek Theme Montage (2:11) (Jerry Goldsmith, Alexander Courage & Gene Roddenberry, Dennis McCarthy & Kevin Kiner)
Recorded April 29, 2005 / Original Airdate: May 13, 2005
29. Archer's Theme (End Credits) (Dennis McCarthy) / Paramount Studios Logo (0:51) (Lalo Schifrin)
Total Time – Disc Four: 76:51
There is no official page for this release at La-La Land's main website at this time, but we'll be sure to share a link for direct purchases as soon as it's available next Tuesday.
PoliZette Shadow Brokers Leak Shows NSA Inadvertently Arms Hackers Code dumps, lack of oversight allowing bad actors to piggy back off U.S. cyberoperations
In the popular video game Mass Effect, the Shadow Broker is the mysterious head of a global organization that trades in information, always selling to the highest bidder, but never letting one customer gain access to all the data.
In real life, the Shadow Brokers is a stealthy cybergroup that is playing a similar game with our national security. The Shadow Brokers leaked National Security Agency documents on April 8 that describe in detail many of the hacking tools that were used by the NSA to conduct advanced cyberespionage, outing not just the NSA but the victims of their attacks and the techniques used to attack them.
The WikiLeaks dump and the Shadow Brokers leaks are pretty strong indicators that important stuff is broken.
Advertisement
In one example, the NSA had recently hacked into the international banking network and covertly breached several banks. The leaked documents additionally provide clear evidence that the NSA also launched a series of successful cyberintrusions against the president of Iran and the Russian Federal Nuclear Center and a myriad of other lesser-known organizations. The documents describe the specific computer code used in such a way that anyone could do the same thing.
The last time the U.S. did something of a similar scale was the Stuxnet attack on the Iranian nuclear enrichment program; but in that case, the actual code was not made public.
This leak dwarfs the WikiLeaks Vault7 dump and describes a multistage attack bypassing the very latest and best security technology, and infecting and exploiting vulnerabilities and flaws in leading software products that we all use every day.
[lz_graphiq id=h6pPYulN36t]
In contrast with WikiLeaks, the Shadow Broker files provided are complete and unredacted computer code, fully operable by anyone with minimal programming experience to unleash on any target of their choosing. Whatever you may think of Julian Assange, WikiLeaks at least purposefully redacted the usable parts of the code so that they could not be easily duplicated.
Advertisement
These hacks were produced by the NSA's elite Equation Group, the same guys whom the cybersecurity community recognizes as the most sophisticated and lethal cyberattack group in the world. In other words, forget Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea. The best cyberattackers on the planet are our own guys. The only problem is that they don't seem to be able to keep their secrets secret.
The NSA's hacking tools take advantage of hoarded security bugs in computer products that we all use and spend billions each year to keep secured. Rather than use these vulnerabilities for their own purposes with no apparent congressional oversight, it would be nice if the NSA could let the manufacturers know that these holes exist so they could do something about them before the hackers could exploit them. There is currently no set of rules that governs when or even if the NSA should notify a manufacturer about a security flaw.
The murky and duplicitous VEP (Vulnerabilities Equity Process), created under President Obama, is publicized as a way to “minimize the number of security flaws the government was hoarding” but since there are no rules about when, where, and how many the NSA needs to disclose, violation of this “disclosure process” has no consequences and obviously no oversight.
The over-arching questions posed by all of this are whether we really want covert espionage groups to have and wield that kind of power under the flag of national security; and if we do, then to whom should they answer, how should they protect the secrets they possess, and under what specific and legally enforceable circumstances should they be compelled to disclose known vulnerabilities to the vendors of the products they exploit?
In addition, I would want to know why, if the best intelligence group on the planet cannot keep their secrets secret, would we then expect the FBI to be able to protect secret keys to backdoors in iPhone operating systems? My view is that Apple made a correct decision in withholding that information.
The WikiLeaks dump and the Shadow Brokers leaks are pretty strong indicators that important stuff is broken. It is clear that the continued mishaps by our esteemed intelligence agencies are putting our country in danger and heightening the risk of a major cyberattack by one of our enemies. Our defenses are weak, our intelligence has been repeatedly compromised, and we have no governing oversight for any of these activities.
Advertisement
It is well beyond time for Trump to create a strong and meaningful executive order addressing the whole cybersecurity management issue before we, along with the rest of the world, learn first-hand the consequences of a catastrophic cyberevent and even more about the inner workings of our own espionage sausage factory.
Steve King is COO of Netswitch Technology Management.
Kyle Flack sat stoically through hours of preliminary hearing testimony Tuesday as prosecutors began laying out their case against him in four killings, including the death of an 18-month-old girl, that outraged the Ottawa community last year.
Morning testimony focused on Flack's May 8 arrest and interrogation, when police asked, “Where is the baby?” and he allegedly answered, “What baby?”
Also Tuesday, crime scene investigators took onlookers through the gruesome discovery of three decaying bodies on the farm where Flack lived with two of the victims. That find sparked a search for Flack and the missing child, whose body would lay undiscovered for days in a suitcase dumped in a rural creek.
Flack, 28, is charged with capital murder in the deaths of Kaylie Bailey, 21, of Olathe and her daughter, Lana-Leigh Bailey. He is charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of housemates Andrew Stout, 30, and Steven E. White, 31. He also is charged with the attempted rape of Kaylie Bailey and with being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
After his arrest, Flack told officers he'd heard something had happened to a friend and asked if the officers could tell him what, according to testimony.
But later that day, during 10 hours of questioning spread over two sessions, Flack allegedly recounted at least one killing.
According to testimony from Franklin County Sheriff's Deputy Jeremi Thompson, Flack said Stout had confronted White about rent money he owed and had ordered White to move out. Stout followed White outside carrying a shotgun. He shot White, then handed the shotgun to Flack, who also fired.
“I shot him. He dies,” Thompson quoted Flack as saying.
Before the hearing, Franklin County District Judge Thomas Sachse ruled that prosecutors could introduce Flack's statement. Deputy Kansas Attorney General Victor Braden said prosecutors only intended to use the portion concerning White's death.
Authorities have said White died between April 20 and April 29, and Stout died April 29. The rape attempt on Bailey allegedly happened May 1, the day she and her daughter were killed.
Stout's boss testified that Stout missed work April 29. A friend went by Stout's house and found Flack alone. Flack said Stout had left to run errands.
Bailey's mother, Lisa Smith, testified that she last saw her daughter and granddaughter the morning of May 1 in Olathe.
Concerned friends called police to the farm twice before the bodies were finally found May 6. A tarp and cinder blocks covered White's body in a detached garage, investigators testified. He had been shot in the head and chest.
Investigators found Stout and Bailey in the master bedroom, beneath a pile of clothes. Bailey was naked from the waist down, a red bandana tied around her neck and her arms held behind her by a black zip tie. She had what appeared to be a gunshot wound to her head.
Authorities found her purse in a laundry basket in the bedroom, and they found a child's car seat in the garage. Several spent shotgun shells littered the bedroom. One shell was found in the garage and another in a trash can.
Police spotted Bailey's car in Emporia, Kan., before arresting Flack at a friend's Emporia apartment, where they also found a duffel bag that reportedly belonged to Flack. Among its contents: black zip ties.
Three days later, searchers found a small child's body inside a suitcase in a creek near Stubbs Road, just across the Franklin County line into Osage County. Sheets of paper scattered along the bank bore the names of Bailey and her daughter. Searchers also found diapers.
The case is being prosecuted by Braden, Franklin County Attorney Stephen Hunting and Assistant County Attorney James T. Ward.
Flack is being defended by Ron Evans, head of the Kansas Death Penalty Defense Unit.
Testimony will continue Wednesday, when the pathologist who conducted the autopsies is expected to appear.
Exhibition on Tribal Culture in West Papua and Melanesia
October 30, 2014
Following a highly successful show “Angel and the Princess” this summer, artist Pamela Gerrie has collaborated with West Papuan leader and politician Benny Wenda to produce a new exhibition entitled ‘Endangered', focussing on tribal culture within West Papua and Melanesia. Through the exhibition Pamela sets stories from West Papua and the Island of New Hanover against the harsh reality of the Indonesian regime.
The show will form part of ‘Edge of Ordinary II', the second cooperative exhibition of ten international artists, and will take place at Espacio Gallery in Bethnal Green, London. Philosopher Derek Matravers will also visit the gallery to facilitate a public discussion, with the artists, on ‘Edge of Ordinary II' on 12th November.
Event details
Espacio Gallery, 159 Bethnal Green Road, Shoreditch, London (2 mins from Brick Lane) .
6th November 6-10 pm private view
6th – 18th November 1-7 pm daily
12th November 6-8pm Public Discussion with Derek Matravers and the artists.
http://edgeofordinary.weebly.com
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: This is the People's Climate March. Before the march began, a group of elected leaders held a news conference right there at the Reflecting Pool. This is Democratic Senator Ed Markey of Massachusetts.
SEN. ED MARKEY: When people were unhappy with slavery, the abolitionist movement came here and stood here to say no, that they wanted a revolution. When women wanted to have the right to vote, the suffragettes came here, where we are standing, to say that that must change. When the civil rights movement, Martin Luther King, wanted a change in the laws so that African Americans and all minorities had the same rights as white people in our country, they came here and stood here. And they all were saying the same thing: “Free at last, free at last, thank God almighty, free at last.”
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is what the green revolution is now saying about fossil fuels: Free at last, free at last, thank God almighty, free at last. They will not stop this wind and solar revolution. They will not stop this all-electric vehicle revolution. They will not stop this energy efficiency revolution. They will not tell the green generation any longer that they are not going to have a planet that is safe and clean and nonpolluting. The planet is running a fever. There are no emergency rooms for planets. The only way to do this correctly is to put the preventative programs in place, with the renewable energy revolution that will save the planet from the worst, most catastrophic effects.
And you know what? The green movement does not agonize. The green movement organizes. And that's what is happening here today, not just here in Washington, but all across the country, because there is one thing that is separating the oil and coal industry, on every one of these issues, from the green movement: On every single issue, we are right, and they are wrong. And the Koch brothers must be sent a message, that their science, which Donald Trump has adopted, is just as bogus as a degree from Trump University. We have to make sure that they know that science is what this country is all about, and that we are going to fight for science every single day, until Donald Trump is no longer the president of the United States. Thank you all for being here. Let's go out there and do the job!
AMY GOODMAN: That was Democratic Senator Ed Markey of Massachusetts, standing with other Democratic elected leaders, senators and congressmembers. I later spoke to Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley, who was the kind of master of ceremonies of this press conference. Jeff Merkley, the senator from Oregon.
AMY GOODMAN: What are you doing right now in Congress around this issue of climate change?
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: So, yesterday, in partnership with a whole bunch of environmental groups and social justice groups, I introduced 100 by 50. It's a phrase I want everyone in the country to hear multitudinous times, 100 by 50—100 percent clean and renewable energy by the year 2050. It's a goal that we've got to get completely off fossil fuels, no more burning in any sector of the energy economy. And it's a timeline. And to get there, we have to move urgently, passionately, quickly. Time is not on our side.
AMY GOODMAN: So you introduced this with Senator Sanders?
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: Yes, with Senator Sanders, Senator Markey and Senator Cory Booker.
AMY GOODMAN: So, how do you expect to get it through a Republican-led Senate?
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: Well, often you introduce legislation to prepare for the moment when you can get it through. And right now we have a Koch brother cartel. The oil and coal and gas industry is blocking environmental action. But it's very helpful at the federal level to lay out the vision. It's a statement of values. It's also a call to action. But the real point is, let's paint that picture nationally, but then let's take action at the grassroots level. And that's what this march is all about today. It's grassroots action. It's folks going to their local place of worship and saying, “We need a 100-by-50 plan. And what are we going to do the next three years to stop our use of fossil fuels?” doing the same with their city council, with their—with their club, with their neighbors, with so forth.
AMY GOODMAN: What exactly, though, does that mean? I mean, you've sketched it out. What would 100 percent renewable by 2050 mean?
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: It would mean a complete end of burning any form of fossil fuels. That's coal, that's natural gas, and that's oil.
AMY GOODMAN: And how would you achieve this?
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: Well, so, in the bill, we lay out every sector of the energy economy, because each one is a little different. But one of the big strategies is to make sure that every electron on the grid is a green electron. Second of all, move as much of the energy economy onto the grid as possible. And then there will be other difficult areas, like commercial airplanes, where we're probably going to have to go to some form of biofuels. But we've got to work on every sector.
AMY GOODMAN: So, you mentioned a Koch brothers cartel. What do you mean by that?
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: Well, what I mean is that there is a very rich people who own a whole lot of fossil fuels. They own coal. They own oil. They own natural gas. And they want to keep extracting it and burning it. They have no concern for what it's doing to the planet. Climate disruption is affecting us everywhere. It's affecting our forests, our oceans and our oysters and our coral reefs. It's affecting our farmers and irrigation for farming across the country. Huge impact on rural America, which I think is important to emphasize. This is not an urban issue. This is an everywhere issue.
AMY GOODMAN: So, you, to say the least, were very critical of Rex Tillerson in his confirmation process as secretary of state—Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of ExxonMobil, the largest private oil corporation in the world. Talk about your concerns then and, now that he is the secretary of state, what you're seeing.
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: Well, he's spent his life traveling the world, negotiating deals to pull fossil fuels out of the ground in order to burn them. And that is not the leadership we need to address the biggest threat facing our planet. And when, in his confirmation hearings, we were pressing him on his understanding of the threat of climate disruption, he basically gave platitudes, like, “Well, it's something we need to think about, and perhaps we need to be at the table,” but no sense of the understanding of the damage, no understanding of the urgency, no understanding of the impact on human health. And so, it's not the leadership that we need in order to address this grave threat to the planet.
AMY GOODMAN: You also questioned Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general who's become head of the EPA. You said you didn't want the EPA, the Environmental Protection Agency, to become the Polluter Protection Agency.
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: Yes. And unfortunately, Scott Pruit has spent his career working with the fossil fuel cartel to take down environmental regulations, which increases the particulates in the air and contributes to lung cancer and to asthma, taking down the standards on mercury, and mercury is a biopersistent neurotoxin that affects the developing brains of our children. And so, he's doing everything he can—this individual, Scott Pruitt, he's doing everything he can to make Americans sicker, less healthy, and more damaging to the environment.
AMY GOODMAN: We are here on the hundredth day of the Trump presidency. Your evaluation?
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: One hundred disastrous days, terrible days. One of the things that occurred during these hundred days was that—the confirmation of President Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court. This is a stolen Supreme Court seat. It's the first time in U.S. history that a seat has been stolen from one administration and delivered to another. And it was done to pack the court on behalf of the fossil fuel cartel. And so, that is the—that is going to be huge damage for decades to come.
AMY GOODMAN: Explain what you mean, how that's related to—how the Supreme Court is related to climate change.
SEN. JEFF MERKLEY: Yes. There's a court decision called Citizens United. It was a 5-4 decision. It allows dark money to be spent, on unlimited numbers and without identity, in campaigns throughout the nation. This money was used in 2014 to give the Republicans control of the U.S. Senate. And ever since then, the Republican majority have been the puppets, and the Koch brothers have been the puppeteers. And so, it's very important to this industry, this coal, oil, natural gas industry, that they keep this dark money flowing, which means keeping a Supreme Court that does not understand we, the people. We, the people—and here we are at the People's Climate March—this is the foundation of our government. It is the vision the founders laid out in the first three words of the Constitution: “We the people.” They put it in supersized font, so that when you look at the Constitution, you see that standing out. And that's a whole principle. But they are all about—this 5-4 decision of Citizens United was all about government by and for the powerful, for the privileged and for the polluters.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Oregon Senator, Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley at the People's Climate March.
Health Alert: Japanese Food May Be Contaminated with Radiation
Like on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Pin to Pinterest Share on StumbleUpon +
Perhaps the biggest news that can cause us some level of worry would be the explosion at Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant. Despite what officials are saying, that the level of radiation released is at the minimum, there's still the risk that food items there could be contaminated with radiation.
Ingestion of food and drinks that have been contaminated with radiation increases the risks of developing cancer in later years. Cows that graze on grass contaminated with radioactive iodine also produce milk that is tainted. Children and babies are the most susceptible since they are the biggest consumer of milk and milk products. That's' why there's been an increased effort of several government agencies to keep watch on the food imported from Japan.
For example, Malaysia's health ministry is requiring all of their imports coming from Japan to certify that it is radiation-free. Other countries such as Hong Kong, Singapore, and the Philippines are also following suit. Despite what Japanese officials are saying, that the contamination isn't that serious enough, the mere fact that radiation was released into the air makes even more important to monitor the quality of food that enters these countries.
News such as this makes it even more important for US agencies to step up their inspection and testing routines in order to prevent tainted food stuffs from entering the country. One of the biggest threats posed by radioactively contaminated foods would be thyroid cancer, bone cancer, and leukemia. Also, men and women who were exposed to high levels of radiation often develop sterility.
To avoid such risks, proper checking and certification of imported Japanese food should be even more enforced. This may sound like overkill, but the risks involved, isn't something that you can just ignore. Children, infants, and even adults are all at risk from radiation exposure. Being wary isn't that bad at all.
You too can help, check out these links for ways to help:
Like on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Pin to Pinterest Share on StumbleUpon +
Comments
comments
Western Australia allrounder Marcus Stoinis will miss the second round of the JLT Sheffield Shield due to personal reasons, while England will get an early look at his state teammate Nathan Coulter-Nile in the opening practice match of their Magellan Ashes tour this weekend.
WA announced on Wednesday that Stoinis is currently unavailable for selection so he can spend more time with his family. The allrounder's father Chris has battled Non-Hodgkin lymphoma for the past decade and his condition has worsened over the past 18 months.
QUICK SINGLE Stoinis prepared for Ashes blowtorch
Coulter-Nile will also miss WA's Shield match against NSW Blues in Sydney, starting on Saturday, and has instead been named in a WA XI that will play a two-day game against England in Perth, also starting on Saturday.
The injury-plagued quick bowled 15 overs in the opening Shield round last week, his first first-class game in more than two years, and it's been decided that he will miss the second round of the Shield competition before he returns in Round 3.
Athletic NCN removes Bailey with a stunner
The right-armer has been replaced in WA's Shield squad by left-armer Jason Behrendorff, who himself missed the opening round of the Shield. Behrendorff bowled 27.2 overs in three JLT One-Day Cup matches either side of Australia's T20 tour of India, where he bowled five overs in a series that was hampered by rain and a wet outfield. He's also bowled 13 overs in brief appearances in Premier Cricket so far this summer.
Allrounder D'Arcy Short has replaced Stoinis in WA's Shield squad.
Speaking on Monday, Coulter-Nile had said he could see "absolutely no reason why" he wouldn't hold his spot in the Shield side given his light workload in the match against Tasmania.
"I'll be looking to go to NSW," he said. "I can't see any reason why I wouldn't go. That's the game I want to play and I think that's the game I should be playing.
"It'd be great if every four-day game I only bowled 15 overs in four days.
"Mitch (Marsh, WA's captain) looked after me really well. Obviously it was my first game back so I was a little bit nervous but I eased into it well and I'm ready to go.
"I don't think there will be any more restrictions and I will probably get smashed at training because I didn't get my overs in.
"I don't know if there is a plan, but I am sure there will be discussions about what is best for WA and what is best for me."
Coulter-Nile happy to wait his while
But on Wednesday, WA announced that he would instead stay in Perth for the two-day fixture against the English.
"He hasn't played back-to-back first class games since 2015," coach Justin Langer said.
"We are mindful of this and want to ensure his return to this level of cricket is managed appropriately to give him the best chance this season.
"He is coping pretty well in his return from injury but he is still building up to the levels required for consecutive first class matches.
QUICK SINGLE Shield wrap: How Test hopefuls fared
"We believe the best plan is for him is to play the two-day tour match against England and then into round 3 of the Shield."
After a horror streak with injury, Coulter-Nile is currently enjoying a rare extended run of good health. He was Australia's best bowler on their recent limited-overs tour of India, where he played every match, and grabbed match figures of 4-41 in the win over Tasmania.
Shield wrap: How Australia's Test hopefuls fared
Given the possibility that pace reinforcements could be needed during a five-Test Ashes series this summer, the 30-year-old looms as one of the leading contenders to step into the Test side should injury strike one of Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood or Pat Cummins.
The management of Australia's quicks will be an intriguing sub-plot to the early rounds of the Shield season; Hazlewood missed NSW's first match on the comeback trail from a side strain suffered in Bangladesh but has been named to take on WA, and the workloads of Starc and Cummins will also be carefully monitored ahead of the Gabba Test. As will those of Jackson Bird, Peter Siddle, Chadd Sayers and Behrendorff, who along with Coulter-Nile could be in line for a call-up if required.
Speaking to News Corp last month, Stoinis opened up on his father's health troubles, which led to him moving home to WA from Victoria in the off-season.
The 28-year-old is considered one of the leading contenders for the vacant No.6 spot for the Ashes, but said the pressure of selection was nothing compared to his family's struggles away from the game.
Allrounder Stoinis looks ahead to Ashes
"In terms of the pressures of an upcoming Test series now, and selection, at the moment I don't think any further ahead than right now," Stoinis said.
"Because I'll leave here and go straight to the hospital. That's just every day.
"It's clichéd, but I think when you're faced with tough conditions, you just get brought back down to earth and humbled and you can't be anywhere else except the present."
WA Shield squad: Mitch Marsh (c), Ashton Turner (vc), Cameron Bancroft, Jason Behrendorff, Hilton Cartwright, Josh Inglis, Matt Kelly, Simon Mackin, Shaun Marsh, David Moody, Jhye Richardson, D'Arcy Short, Jonathan Wells.
WA XI Tour Match squad: Nathan Coulter-Nile (c), Will Bosisto, Jake Carder, Tim David, Kyle Gardiner, Aaron Hardie, Clint Hinchliffe, Nick Hobson, Calum How, Lance Morris, Josh Philippe, Mark Turner.
2017-18 International Fixtures:
Magellan Ashes Series
First Test Gabba, November 23-27. Buy tickets
Second Test Adelaide Oval, December 2-6 (Day-Night). Buy tickets
Third Test WACA Ground, December 14-18. Buy tickets
Fourth Test MCG, December 26-30. Buy tickets
Fifth Test SCG, January 4-8 (Pink Test). Buy tickets
Gillette ODI Series v England
First ODI MCG, January 14. Buy tickets
Second ODI Gabba, January 19. Buy tickets
Third ODI SCG, January 21. Buy tickets
Fourth ODI Adelaide Oval, January 26. Buy tickets
Fifth ODI Perth TBC, January 28. Join the ACF
Prime Minister's XI
PM's XI v England Manuka Oval, February 2. Buy tickets
Gillette T20 INTL Series
First T20I Australia v NZ, SCG, February 3. Buy tickets
Second T20I – Australia v England, Blundstone Arena, February 7. Buy tickets
Third T20I – Australia v England, MCG, February 10. Buy tickets
Fourth T20I – NZ v England, Wellington, February 13
Fifth T20I – NZ v Australia, Eden Park, February 16
Sixth T20I – NZ v England, Seddon Park, February 18
Final – TBC, Eden Park, February 21
EA was working on a Pokémon competitor
Chris Stead 14 September 2016 NEWS
Former EA developer and the founder of indie developer Nnooo, Nic Watt has revealed an EA Pokémon competitor was in the works.
Currently, Nic Watt is the very successful founder and chief design officer of Australian indie developer and (more recently) publisher Nnooo. The studio has been plugging away on great little gems for a decade, including Pop, Blast ‘Em Bunnies, escapeVektor, Cubemen, Spirit Hunters and Orbitor.
But prior to founding Nnooo in 2006 and diving down the indie route, Watt had racked up eight years of experience in this industry. This included a brief stint as creative director at Electronic Arts in London, working on the prototyping of new games.
During a session on the always interesting GameHugs podcast – from which we've previously learned that an X-Wing vs TIE-Fighter HD remake almost happened, and also that Team Bondi's The Whore of the Orient has been officially cancelled – Watt has revealed that the game he was prototyping prior to departing EA was meant to go up against the mighty Pokémon series on handhelds. Furthermore, he revealed that Criterion (the studio behind the Burnout series) was frequently engaged to test out the ideas.
Here is the full quote:
“Working with EA was a completely different experience [to working with a small studio] as we had the longest prototyping period I've had for any game I've worked on: it was amazing. EA wanted this game where the idea and it was going to be their Pokémon game. They didn't have an RPG in the handheld space and they really wanted one. We did a lot of paper-based prototyping for the battle mechanics and even made a whole card game. Then we got the people from Criterion – who worked on Burnout and with the studio – in [to test it]. That's the good thing when you have a company of 300 people, you can just ask “Do you guys want to come in and play our game for the afternoon?” The team did find it hard because the prototyping was so long, and a lot of things got reset from time to time. But by the time I left, it still had not hit full production and I know that was really tough for a lot of people.”
We all know how well the Pokémon series has sold, so is easy to believe EA was exploring a competitor game in that genre space for the Nintendo DS. What happened to this game? We're kind of interested to see what a Pokémon game road-tested by Criterion would look like…
• Swiss's reign as president all but over after 17 years • Michel Platini hits out at ‘astonishingly vague' allegations • Issa Hayatou is taking over as acting president
Sepp Blatter's controversial 17-year reign over world football appears to be all but over after Fifa's ethics committee banned him for 90 days along with the man who hoped to succeed him, Michel Platini.
The Uefa president was favourite to succeed Blatter when he stands down in February, until he too become embroiled in corruption allegations. Platini has also been provisionally banned for 90 days, dealing a huge blow to his presidential ambitions.
The latest twist in the Fifa crisis came as the International Olympic Committee added to the growing cries for independent reform, with its president, Thomas Bach, declaring “enough is enough” and calling for an external candidate to take over.
“Fifa must realise that this is now about more than just a list of candidates. This is also a structural problem and will not be solved simply by the election of a new president,” Bach said.
As Uefa's 54 member nations arranged a crisis meeting in Nyon next week and Platini protested the ban was a calculated move to force him out of the presidential race, the FA chairman, Greg Dyke, said it could withdraw support from the Frenchman if the allegations were proved.
Campaigners including Transparency International pointed to the automatic promotion of Issa Hayatou, the longest serving vice-president once named by Blatter as his most loyal lieutenant, to acting president as evidence of Fifa's rotten culture.
Fifa suspends Sepp Blatter, Michel Platini and Jérôme Valcke – live! Read more
Both Blatter and Platini have been under extreme pressure since the Swiss attorney general, Michael Lauber, opened a criminal investigation into allegations the Swiss Fifa president mis-sold a World Cup TV rights contract to the disgraced former Fifa official Jack Warner in 2006.
He is also alleged to have made a “disloyal payment” of £1.3m to Platini, against the interests of Fifa, in 2011. Blatter and Platini, who has been interviewed as “somewhere between a witness and the accused”, deny any wrongdoing.
Platini said he rejected the “astonishingly vague” allegations. “Despite the farcical nature of these events, I refuse to believe that this is a political decision taken in haste in order to taint a lifelong devotee of the game or crush my candidacy for the Fifa presidency,” he said.
“I want everyone to know my state of mind: more than a sense of injustice or a desire for revenge, I am driven by a profound feeling of staunch defiance. I am more determined than ever to defend myself before the relevant judicial bodies.”
Following a ruling by the ethics committee, Fifa announced Blatter had been “relieved of his duties” after four decades at the heart of world football's governing body.
“Joseph S Blatter, for the duration of the 90-day ban, is not allowed to represent Fifa in any capacity, act on the organisation's behalf, or communicate to media or other stakeholders as a Fifa representative,” a statement read.
Following an emergency meeting of Uefa's executive committee, it said it was standing behind Platini. In apparent defiance of Fifa, it said it saw no need for him to be replaced “at this moment in time” as he sought to clear his name.
In addition, the Fifa secretary general Jérôme Valcke, who has already been put on leave over allegations concerning the sale of World Cup tickets, was also provisionally banned for 90 days. Fifa said the suspensions could be extended for 45 days at the discretion of the ethics committee while investigations continue.
That would mean all three men could return five days before the 26 February extraordinary congress at which Blatter's successor is to be elected. Valcke has also “unequivocally denied” any wrongdoing.
The former Fifa vice-president Chung Mong-joon, who had threatened to sue Blatter while claiming he was being targeted on spurious grounds by the ethics committee to force him out of the presidential race, has been banned for six years and fined £67,000.
Chung said he would fight the decision and accused the ethics committee of acting as Blatter's “hitman”. He said the sanctions against him represented the “profoundly irresponsible and unethical nature of Fifa”.
Blatter's personal lawyers, Lorenz Erni and Richard Cullen, claimed the ethics committee had not followed its own procedures.
Blatter was re-elected in May days after US prosecutors alleged a “World Cup of fraud” in a 164-page indictment and charged 14 individuals, including nine current or former Fifa executives, with a series of offences. Days later he promised to stand down in February 2016 and has repeatedly reiterated his desire to remain in post until then.
Platini is expected to appeal against the suspension in the next two days. Beyond that, he could go to the court of arbitration for sport.
Until now the FA has stood behind Platini, whose candidacy it strongly supported before the allegations became public. But Dyke said it would reconsider if it was proved Platini had “not behaved properly or has behaved dishonestly”.
“I can see why people are saying we should stop supporting him now, but we will follow what the ethics committee decides,” said Dyke.
“Platini claims it's a fix, but if they decide he has behaved improperly we will not support him and I'm sure I would have the backing of the FA board on that.”
The sports minister, Tracey Crouch, called for “full scale reform” of Fifa. She said: “Blatter has hung on to his position for too long and a new president must drive through widespread change.”
If Platini and Chung are ruled out of the race, the only remaining declared candidate is Prince Ali, the Jordanian royal who failed to unseat Blatter in May.
The Bahrainian Asian Football Confederation president Sheikh Salman, the South African Tokyo Sexwale and the former Brazilian international Zico are also considering whether to stand before the 26 October deadline.
Campaigners, backed by four major US sponsors who on Friday called for Blatter to go now, want to see an independent reform process that would offer a clean break from the past.
Fifa is functionally bankrupt – someone from the outside must take over now Read more
For nightclub events with no speaking, see Quiet Party
For 2011 play by Lachlan Philpott, see Silent Disco (play)
QuietClubbing Gatsby Party in New York on April 8, 2016
A silent disco or silent rave is an event where people dance to music listened to on wireless headphones.[1] Rather than using a speaker system, music is broadcast via a radio transmitter with the signal being picked up by wireless headphone receivers worn by the participants. Those without the headphones hear no music, giving the effect of a room full of people dancing to nothing.
In the earliest days of silent discos, before 2005, there would be only one channel available to listen to music through. Over time, the technology moved along to where there were two, and later technology allowed for a third channel that three separate DJs could broadcast over at the same time.[citation needed]
Silent discos are popular at music festivals as they allow dancing to continue past noise curfews. Similar events are "mobile clubbing" gatherings, where a group of people dance to the music on their personal music players.
History [ edit ]
An early reference in fiction is Astroboy's 1967 japanese science fiction story The Summer of 1993. Where the titular character attends a party where everyone wears headphones.[2]
The concept was used by eco-activists in the early 1990s, utilizing headphones at outdoor parties to minimize noise pollution and disturbance to the local wildlife.
In 1994, the Glastonbury Festival linked its on-site radio station to the video screen sited next to the Main Stage, allowing festival goers to watch late night World Cup football and music videos on the giant screen after the sound curfew by using their own portable radios. The idea was the brainchild of the project manager from Proquip, who supplied the giant screen, and engineers from Moles Recording Studio in Bath, Somerset, who were working with Radio Avalon.
In May 2000, BBC Live Music held a "silent gig" at Chapter Arts Centre in Cardiff, where the audience listened to a band, Rocketgoldstar, and various DJs through headphones.[3]
In May 2002 artist Meg Duguid hosted Dance with me... a silent dance party at the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago where she created an outdoor club installation complete with velvet ropes and glow rope in which a DJ spun a transmission to wireless headsets that audience members put on and danced to.[4][5] [6] Duguid threw a second dance party at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago the following year, entitled Dueling DJs where two DJS simultaneously spun two separate musical transmissions various wireless headsets that audience members put on and danced to. This performance was repeated the following year (2004) at the Chicago Cultural Center.[7]
The term "silent disco" has been in existence since at least 2005 with Bonnaroo Music Festival advertising such an event that year with DJ's Motion Potion, Quickie Mart and DJ medi4 and headphones provided by KOSS.[8] In the Netherlands, the traveling arts and culture festival De Parade already featured a "stille disco" [silent disco] earlier, for example in 2003. [9] Dutch DJs Nico Okkerse and Michael Minton have been described as "the pioneers ... in the legend of silent disco" because they started "stille disco" events in 2002.[10] Okkerse claims his company 433fm.com "created Silent Disco in 2002"[11] and its site does have photos from such events going back to at least 2003.[12]
HUSHconcerts (previously, Silent Frisco) was the first company to produce a multi-city Silent Disco tour in 2008 with Silent Soundclash [13] kicking off at Winter Music Conference in Miami, followed by Atlanta, Athens, Savannah, Wilmington NC, Charlottesville Va, Baltimore, New York City, Syracuse, Pittsburgh and St. Louis. During this tour, the company became the first to produce American silent discos on a beach (Miami Beach) and a boat (the Rocksoff Cruise in New York Harbor).[14]
The Oxford Dictionary Online added the term "silent disco" to their website in February 2011.[1] As interest has increased, there has been a rise in the number of companies organizing parties and providing events with wireless headphones. Some companies have offered home kits.[15]
Mobile clubbing [ edit ]
Another type of silent party, known as mobile clubbing, involves the gathering of a group of people in an unconventional location to dance to music which they provide themselves via a portable music device, such as an MP3 player, listened to on headphones. These flash mob gatherings may involve hundreds of people, transforming public spaces into temporary clubbing areas, in which dancers listen to their personal playlists. To an observer it would appear that the participants are dancing for no apparent reason. Mobile clubbing events are organized using mass-emails, word-of-mouth or social networking websites such as Facebook, or a combination of these methods.
The first event, organised by London-based artists Ben Cummins (also founder of Pillow Fight Club) and Emma Davis, was at London's Liverpool Street Station in September 2003.[16] Over the next five months there were a further five events at other London train stations including Waterloo, Charing Cross and London Bridge.[17] By the end of 2008 there had been more than twenty of these events at similar venues throughout London, mostly train station concourses or other public spaces that lend themselves to expressive dancing and rapid dispersal.[18]
An event in 2007 at Victoria Station, London involved 4,000 participants.[19] The event was broken up by police two hours later.
Headphone concert [ edit ]
A Flaming Lips poster promoting "The World's First Headphone Concerts"
A headphone concert is a live music performance where the audience, in the same venue as the performing artist, listens to the music through headphones.[20] The idea originated in 1997 when Erik Minkkinen,[21][22] an electronic artist[23][24] from Paris, streamed a live concert from his closet over the internet to three listeners in Japan.[25] The concept led to a decentralized organization known as le placard ("the Cupboard"),[26] which allowed anybody to establish a streaming or listening room.[25]
The first headphone concert taking place in front of a live audience took place March 20, 1999, at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas. The American psychedelic band The Flaming Lips used an FM signal generator at the venue and handed out mini FM radio receivers and headphones to each member of the audience. A normal speaker system was also used so the sound could also be felt. This continued on their "International Music Against Brain Degeneration Revue" tour with mixed results, with technical problems including dead batteries and intoxicated audience members having trouble tuning to the correct frequency.[27] Another headphone concert was performed in the Chapter Arts Centre, Cardiff in April 2000 by Rocketgoldstar.[3]
Later headphone concerts used specially designed wireless 3-channel headphones, better in-house custom made transmitters and no speakers or any live PA in the venue. Major events hosting headphone concerts included the 2005 Glastonbury Festival, 2010 Shift Festival in Switzerland,[28] the 2011-12 Van's Warp Tours across North America, Sensoria 2012 in Sheffield, UK, the 2012 Bonnaroo Music Festival in Tennessee and the Hoxeyville Music Fest in Michigan.[29] In 2012, Kid Koala performed a "Space Cadet Headphone Concert tour" around the world.[30]
A variant of the headphone concert involves live bands competing for the audience, who are able to choose which band's frequency to receive. In August 2008, the first silent Battle of the Bands was held at The Barfly music venue in Cardiff.[31] The event featured bands going directly head-to-head, with a stage at each end of the venue, allowing gig-goers to choose which group they wished to listen to.
Silent theatre [ edit ]
Theatre and performance companies are now beginning to exploit silent disco technology as well. In 2009, with the help of SilentArena Ltd, Feral Productions began using an experimental approach – a mixture of narrative-led performance, sound art and guided exhibit. Their first performance, The Gingerbread House, took the audience from The Courtyard, Hereford on a journey through a multi-storey car park in the centre of Hereford. In 2010, their second show, Locked (Rapunzel's Lament), took place in a children's playground, also in Hereford. Silent theatre techniques are now being used by companies in Liverpool, Birmingham and Glasgow.[32][33]
In 2015 Lincoln Center staged a production of the Rocky Horror Picture Show utilizing Quiet Events Headphones,[34] where an audience wearing headphones could switch between the audio for the live performance and the soundtrack of the film version being projected behind it.[35]
Silent street shows [ edit ]
Street performers have used the concept as a solution to overcome bans on amplification and loudspeakers on the street. In 2016, Irish band Until April began using this for their shows on the street while touring in Germany and Switzerland.[36]
References [ edit ]
FILE--In this Aug. 8, 2017, file photo, a protest sign is shown outside the office of U.S. Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev., in Reno, Nev. News that Heller will face a primary challenge next year came as a surprise to many of the more than 50 mostly Democrats protesting outside his Reno office where they rally weekly against the Trump administration and Heller's changing position on health care. (AP Photo/Scott Sonner, file The Associated Press
By SCOTT SONNER, Associated Press
RENO, Nev. (AP) — On the same day a Republican challenger jumped in the race against Sen. Dean Heller, dozens of mostly Democratic protesters rallied outside his Reno office to denounce his latest position on health care.
The attacks illustrate the political angst on both the right and the left that Heller will have to navigate to be re-elected next year in his role as arguably the most vulnerable incumbent Republican in the U.S.
Heller already has voted both ways on health care. He opposed two Trump-backed measures — one to replace the Obama-era law, the other to repeal and come up with a replacement in the future. He later backed a final stripped-down bill known as 'skinny repeal,' which also failed.
Tuesday's protesters — wearing "Heath Care Voter" t-shirts and buttons saying "I Stand With Planned Parenthood" — questioned Heller's principles and characterized him with words like "wishy washy."
"I don't like the way that he says one thing in private and doesn't tell the truth in public," said protester Fran Puchli, grasping a sign that said "2018 Unseat Dean Heller."
Las Vegas businessman Danny Tarkanian read from practically the same script — albeit from the opposite end of the political spectrum — in announcing his primary bid to unseat Heller.
Tarkanian said he's been inundated with texts, emails and phone calls from Nevadans upset with Heller "for campaigning one way in Nevada and voting the exact opposite in Washington D.C."
"The refrain is the same: He turned his back on us," said Tarkanian, 55, the son of University of Nevada, Las Vegas basketball coach Jerry Tarkanian.
Tarkanian's campaign makes good on conservatives' threats to challenge incumbents they blame for hurting their yearslong quest to dismantle the 2010 health care law. Tarkanian has been unapologetic in his support of President Donald Trump.
Heller was keeping a low profile during the August congressional recess and had no direct comment on the recent developments. His campaign spokesman Tommy Ferraro dismissed Tarkanian as a "perennial candidate" who has never won a major race, "wasted conservatives' time and cost the Republican Party seats up and down the ballot."
The last time both political parties were so closely watching Heller's every move, he was refereeing another high-stakes U.S. Senate battle two decades ago.
As Nevada's secretary of state, he was responsible for formally certifying Democratic Sen. Harry Reid's 1998 re-election victory by just 428 votes after a monthlong recount.
Despite a legal challenge and pressure from GOP leaders to do anything he could to derail what would become Reid's ascension to Senate majority leader, Heller insisted he had to follow the law and certify the vote in accordance with state election rules.
With some exceptions, his impartiality drew high praise and earned him respect from the old guard in both parties.
"He deserves a medal for bipartisanship," Reid said at the time. "They were trying to push him into being partisan and he refused to be partisan."
The political drama came at a time when Nevada's status as a Republican stronghold was shifting. GOP presidential candidates failed to carry the state only once from 1952 to 1988 before Democrat Bill Clinton won in 1992 and 1996.
The state went Republican for George Bush the next two times, but Barack Obama won twice, followed by Hillary Clinton in November, making Heller the only Republican seeking re-election in 2018 in a state that rejected Trump.
Heller has increasingly drawn the ire of Democrats who had viewed him as an acceptably moderate Republican but watched him gravitate, in their eyes, more to the right.
He won some back when he refused to endorse Trump for president, spoke out against the president's travel ban this year and at one point sided with Nevada GOP Gov. Brian Sandoval in criticizing the impact Trump's health care cuts would have on Medicaid.
But Heller has voted both ways since. And while the attacks from the left long were anticipated, the Republican infighting may prove more problematic.
That will include fending off Tarkanian, who most recently lost a congressional race in November to Democrat Jacky Rosen.
"I really feel sorry for Dean. He's trying to present some sort of unified approach when you have a party that is at war with itself," said Randi Thompson, a longtime Republican consultant in Reno.
Rosen announced last month she's seeking Heller's Senate seat.
The month before, a political advocacy group run by an ex-White House aide and Trump campaign veterans ran television advertisements targeting Heller after he surprised members of his own party with a press conference denouncing the GOP's Senate health care plan to repeal and replace the Obama health law.
The group backed off under pressure from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. And the National Republican Senatorial Committee run by McConnell immediately expressed its support for Heller following Tarkanian's announcement on Tuesday.
"Time and again, Senator Dean Heller has proven he is unafraid to put Nevadans first," NRSC spokesman Michael McAdams said.
Thompson said Heller is probably more concerned about surviving the primary than winning the general election in November.
"It's going to be a tough race for him no doubt," she said. "I just hope he remembers who got him there. It was the Republicans. It was the people who want him to repeal and replace 'Obamacare.'"
The Juche Tower and Taedong River are seen on a hazy morning from the Grand People's Study House on Monday in Pyongyang, North Korea. (Wong Maye-E/AP)
In the ongoing diplomatic crisis in the Persian Gulf between Qatar and a Saudi-led bloc, an unusual role is being played by a country thousand of miles away: North Korea.
In recent days, both sides of the dispute have been accused of having an illicit economic relationship with the isolated nation — a touchy subject in Washington, given Pyongyang's advancing nuclear weapons program and antagonism toward the United States.
Last week, reports detailing an alleged arms deal worth $100 million between North Korea and a company in the United Arab Emirates resurfaced online. Then on Tuesday, UAE rival Qatar was accused of having a “dangerous” relationship with North Korea in an op-ed published in the Hill newspaper.
[North Korea could cross ICBM threshold next year, U.S. officials warn in new assessment]
There's at least some truth to both allegations. Details of the sale of North Korean weapons to an Emirati company were revealed in a 2015 leak of UAE government emails first reported by the New York Times; the emails showed that Yousef al-Otaiba, the UAE ambassador to the United States, was summoned to a meeting with the State Department because of the deal.
It's true, too, that Qatar is believed to be one of a number of nations that use North Korean migrant workers: There was once estimated to be 3,000 in the country. A spokesman for Qatar's Government Communications Office said that no new visas have been given for North Korean nationals since 2015 and that around 1,000 North Korean nationals in the country will leave when their visas end.
"Qatar is in compliance with all UN sanctions against North Korea," the spokesman said.
But both reports also fit into an ongoing propaganda war in the Persian Gulf. The UAE link to North Korea resurfaced thanks to the Washington-based Gulf Affairs Institute — a think tank ran by Saudi dissident Ali al-Ahmed — and was promoted by a number of Qatar-leaning publications. Meanwhile, the Hill op-ed was written by Salman Al-Ansari of the Saudi American Public Relation Affairs Committee, a Saudi lobbying group.
[Sen. Bob Corker explains decision to possibly strip North Korea from Russia sanctions bill]
With the Trump administration seemingly split on how to deal with the crisis, extensive efforts are being made to influence the opinion of U.S. lawmakers and the general public.
“I think that a key objective of the media campaign, for all parties, is to win over hearts and minds in the Beltway echo chamber, which is why we are seeing the proliferation of stories guaranteed to resonate strongest among decision-makers,” said Kristian Ulrichsen, a Persian Gulf expert at the U.S.-based Baker Institute for Public Policy, pointing to a recent documentary about alleged Qatari links to al-Qaeda.
Right now, North Korea is an especially volatile issue. Earlier this week, The Washington Post reported that U.S. officials expect Pyongyang to be able to build a nuclear-capable intercontinental ballistic missile as early as next year — a possibility that some consider a direct threat to the mainland United States.
[Not so isolated: North Korea's elite uses Gmail, Facebook and iTunes]
The link between the conflict in the gulf and North Korean weapons isn't completely arbitrary, expert say. “These articles need to be placed within the context of the information war, but at the same time, this point regarding is extremely serious,” said Theodore Karasik, a senior adviser with Washington-based Gulf State Analytics.
The Trump administration has pushed countries to restrict their economic relationship with North Korea in line with sanctions. While particular attention has been paid to China, North Korea's most significant trading partner, lower-profile relationships have also been targeted. In a recent announcement of sanctions on Sudan, the State Department explicitly mentioned North Korea and suggested that the African nation was not fully committed to implementing United Nations sanctions on the country — an apparent reference to defense trade agreements made between Khartoum and Pyongyang.
Andrea Berger, a senior research associate at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies, says that it is possible that the UAE or Qatar could face a similar U.S. response if the issue catches steam. “The U.S. could fire warning shots by sanctioning additional individuals or companies in the region acting in breach of U.S. or U.N. sanctions on North Korea,” Berger said. “Behind the scenes, Washington may also threaten more substantial and visible penalties if those warnings are not swiftly heeded.”
If the United States wants to be consistent in doing so, however, it may have to look outside the lens of the Qatar. The strongest economic relationship for North Korea among the Arab states of the Persian Gulf states is most likely Kuwait, a country that has tried to stay out of the dispute and is an important U.S. ally in the region.
While Washington has long looked the other way, two interlocking crises half the world away may force the Trump administration to reconsider.
More on WorldViews
UAE touts film linking rival Qatar to 9/11 attacks
The U.S. extended sanctions on Sudan — but North Korea might be the real target
TOKYO — Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said that he wants to start the process of revising Japan's Constitution as early as next year, a senior lawmaker in his party said Thursday, giving the clearest indication yet that the Japanese leader will seek to change a document that has undergirded the country's postwar pacifism.
Mr. Abe told Hajime Funada, the leader of a group of Liberal Democratic Party lawmakers, on Wednesday that the best time to begin the difficult political task of amending the Constitution would be after elections for the upper house of Parliament, scheduled for the summer of 2016, Mr. Funada said. Mr. Funada's comments, which were originally reported by two Japanese newspapers, The Asahi Shimbun and The Sankei Shimbun, were later confirmed by his political secretary, Miki Mori.
When Mr. Funada asked the prime minister whether the best time for starting the revision process would be after the upper house elections, Mr. Abe answered, “That would be common sense,” according to Mr. Mori.
According to Mr. Mori, Mr. Abe did not specifically say that he wanted to rewrite Article 9 of the Constitution, which prohibits the use of armed force in resolving international disputes. But this week, Mr. Abe told Parliament that he wanted to make that change in order to strengthen Japan's hand in responding to threats like the Islamic State militant group, which killed two Japanese hostages last month.
Kendall Jenner did her best to hide from the controversy surrounding her Pepsi commercial on Wednesday when she landed in Paris.
Jenner, who starred in an advertisement for the soda giant that was blasted as 'tone deaf', shielded her face as she was hurried through the terminal in France.
As she left the airport, the reality television star pulled her jacket up over her face and a security guard held out his hands in an attempt to block her from sight.
Jenner has also claimed she had no involvement in the creative process behind the commercial, according to TMZ.
Her airport appearance came shortly after Pepsi said it was canning the commercial in a statement released on Wednesday.
Scroll down for video
Kendall Jenner did her best to hide from the controversy surrounding her Pepsi commercial on Wednesday when she landed in Paris; As she left the airport, she pulled her jacket up over her face and a security guard held out his hands in an attempt to block her from sight
'Pepsi was trying to project a global a message of unity, peace and understanding,' the statement read.
'Clearly, we missed the mark, and we apologize.
'We did not intend to make light of any serious issue. We are pulling the content and halting any further rollout.
'We also apologize for putting Kendall Jenner in this position.'
Interestingly, the apology appears to have had the opposite effect that Pepsi intended - at least financially.
Stocks in Pepsi rose today after a small dip until 1.20pm when they ad was pulled.
From then the stocks tumbled, closing the day at .12 per cent down. One small piece of good news for the brand may be that their rivals didn't escape the backlash despite having nothing to do with the ill advised ad. Coke's stock closed out the day at .26 per cent.
Pepsi has canceled its controversial new advertisement starring Kendall Jenner, after it was mocked by Bernice King - MLK's daughter
Bernice King attacked the Pepsi commercial on social media on Wednesday - just before the drink company announced it was canceling the advertisement
Stocks in Pepsi rose today after a small dip until 1.20pm when they ad was pulled, and they plummeted, closing at .12 per cent down, while Coke also suffered on Wall Street
The statement was released shortly after Bernice King - the daughter of MLK - mocked it on social media.
PEPSI'S STATEMENT CANCELING THE AD Pepsi was trying to project a global a message of unity, peace and understanding. Clearly, we missed the mark, and we apologize. We did not intend to make light of any serious issue. We are pulling the content and halting any further rollout. We also apologize for putting Kendall Jenner in this position.
'If only daddy knew about the power of Pepsi,' she tweeted, while sharing a photograph of her iconic father clashing with police on the front line of a protest.
The two-and-a-half-minute commercial features Kendall stepping out of a crowd of multi racial protesters to end a stand-off with police officer by handing him a can of Pepsi.
It was also slammed by other stars and celebrities on social media, including: Lena Dunham, Questlove, Judd Apatow, and Patton Oswalt.
'J. Edgar Hoover takes aim from the grassy knoll. The motorcade approaches. He fires. JFK raises a Pepsi to his lips, blocks the bullet,' Oswalt tweeted.
'Assuming everything that can be said about faux-test Pepsi ad has been said so I'm just gonna go with this: it didn't make me want Pepsi,' Dunham wrote.
Kendall Jenner, 21, is at the center of backlash for a Pepsi commercial she starred in that has been accused of 'appropriating the resistance'
Celebrities including Lena Dunham were quick to slam the star's tone-deaf Pepsi commercial
Judd Apatow also had his say on the bizarre advert - saying he could never 'make something as funny'
Patton Oswalt joked that Pepsi could have stopped a faux plot that involved J.Edgar Hoover killing JFK
Questlove ripped into Pepsi for putting an April Fools commercial out four days late
'That Pepsi commercial was genius troll move of the year, 4 days from April Fools? we talkin/meming bout em too?' Questlove said, before adding: 'Dear corporations let this be a lesson. you run the risk of getting DRAGGED if your boardroom shows NO diversity.---there is NO excuse.
For not ONE PERSON to smack some sense in y'all. i mean I'm laughing. cause .0000003 per cent of me hopes this was some 'lets troll em!' move.'
And the mocking didn't stop after the ad was canceled, with social media continuing to bubble over with jokes and complaints.
'O'Reilly Factor down to one advertisement for tonight: Kendall's Pepsi commercial,' Josh Brown wrote, in a reference to the current controversy surrounding Fox News host Bill O'Reilly.
'I think it's time to open my 'Ask A Black person' consulting firm,' comedian Travon Free tweeted.
Other people continued to mock the commercial on Wednesday even after Pepsi announced it was being canceled
'Pepsi pulling ad + also apologizes to Kendall Jenner - I was under the impression that she's a grown a** woman who was present for filming,' another said.
'Steve Bannon could probably use a @pepsi right about now,' model Ines Helene joked.
Pepsi previously defended the commercial in a statement, saying it was: 'a global ad that reflects people from different walks of life coming together in a spirit of harmony, and we think that's an important message to convey.'
Kendall herself previously told Women's Wear Daily: 'I had never been to Bangkok before [where it was filmed], so it was interesting to be in that city. There were a lot of really cool people on set that I got to meet. It was fun, it was entertaining. The whole concept is really something that I'm about, so it was just fun to be a part of.
'I think a lot of people are caught up in whatever's happening in someone else's life and they're not really paying attention to what's happening right in front of them most of the time.
'It's not hard to put your phone down and consciously try and get yourself to live in the moment. That's what I try and do.'
The imagery - whether intentional or not - evokes the real-life moment protester Ieshia Evans faced down lines of heavily armed police wearing riot gear during a Black Lives Matter demonstration over the fatal shooting of a black man by police.
Evans was arrested moments later, unlike Kendall whose actions win her knowing smile from the Pepsi ad's handsome, enlightened cop.
The ad has sparked outrage online from hundreds accusing Pepsi of trying to cash in on the Black Lives Matter protests. Twitter was flooded with deeply sarcastic posts mocking the 'tone deaf' ad.
Many compared Kendall's action to that of protester Ieshia Evans (pictured) last year in Indiana during the Black Lives Matter protests across the country
Kendall joins the crowd of young protesters with a Pepsi in hand in the now-canned commercial
Not everyone was upset with the controversial commercial, as Kris Jenner tweeted out how proud she was of her daughter for being 'the face of (Pepsi's) campaign'
'How nice of Kendall Jenner to stop in the middle of her photo shoot to end social injustices by giving that cop a Pepsi,' one Twitter user wrote. 'MLK who? Rosa who?'
User @lgbtgreene added: 'I can't believe Kendall Jenner ended police brutality and white supremacy with a can of Pepsi not bad for a girl with no talent.'
Others complained that it was a transparent attempt by Pepsi to try and tap into whatever the 'youth (are) into these days.'
Of course, it is not the first time a soda giant has been accused of crass commercialism.
Evans was arrested moments later, unlike Kendall whose actions win her knowing smile from the Pepsi ad's cop
Social media bubbled over with criticism from people who thought the commercial was making light of a serious issue
Coca-Cola faced fierce backlash for their Super Bowl ad, which was actually a re-run, this year which features people of all different ethnicities singing America the Beautiful in multiple languages.
People accused the brand of trying to ride the wave of pro-immigrant and unity sentiment shortly after Donald Trump announced his Muslim ban.
In another unfortunate creative choice, Coke was forced to pull an online advert in 2015 which appeared to show Caucasian people turning up at an indigenous town in Mexico bearing gifts of soda cans and a Christmas tree for locals.
Coke received so many complaints that the ad reinforced stereotypes of whites teaching 'culturally and racially subordinate' indigenous people, that they even issued a rare apology.
Another user was so shocked, they assumed it was an ad for the competition
The ad starts out with a glamorous Kendall in a blonde wig, doing a photo shoot in front of a large window
But Pepsi appears to have outdone their rival with an advert which many complains 'mocks' the Black Lives Movement - which began over the deaths of so many young black men at the hands of police and has gone on to spark national and international protests.
Violence between police and protesters have been reported at numerous such demonstrations which have even resulted in fatal shootings in some cases.
Not then, the most obvious setting in which to set an ad to sell sugary, fizzy drinks.
The commercial, filmed in Bangkok for the brand's new Live For Now moments campaign, begins with a protest of young, attractive demonstrators holding aloft bland signs which proclaim statements such as 'Love' and 'Be part of the conversation.'
Jenner sees the protesters walking by and wants to join in on the movement instead of finishing up her photo shoot
The model pulls off her wig and walks away from her photo shoot towards the protest in the now-canned commercial
In the commercial, Jenner smears off her lipstick in a symbol of her change of political ambition
The march continues past a photoshoot where who else but Kendall Jenner is posing, in a short silver dress with platinum blonde hair, in front of the camera until her attention is drawn to a cute protester who gestures for her to join the movement.
Suddenly awakened to the cause, and perhaps the frivolity of a life of fame and photoshoots, the 21-year-old rips off her blonde wig, wipes off her makeup and joins the crowd.
She is now 'one of them'.
When the crowd come up against a line of attractive cops, Kendall has the solution; Pepsi.
She hands over a can to the most handsome officer and the crowd erupts in cheers as he takes a sip. Kendall pumps her fist in the air while the cop, seemingly won over by the gesture, shares a look with his colleague to say, 'well, they can't be that bad.'
Jenner 'bravely' steps out of the crowd and hands the officer who is blocking the protest a can of Pepsi
All is well: He drinks the Pepsi, all problems go away and everyone is happy again
Kendall has not yet responded to the criticism of the ad, set to the sound of Lion, a new track by Bob Marley's grandson Skip.
But before it was released Kendall had said: 'I am thrilled to join the legendary roster of icons who have represented their generations and worked with Pepsi.'
She added: 'The spirit of Pepsi - living in the 'now' moment- is one that I believe in. I make a conscious effort in my everyday life and travels to enjoy every experience of today.'
But her fans are less than pleased and have taken to social media to call out her and Pepsi.
One user pointed out the comparison between the ad and the picture of Evans, saying: 'I'm gonna end this thread with this picture. The picture of that you mocked in this advertisement.'
'So according to @KendallJenner and @pepsi the racial tension problem is just a matter of thirsty cops,' another user lamented.
Community organizer Deray Mckesson added: 'If I had carried Pepsi I guess I never would've gotten arrested. Who knew?'
Comedian Margaret Cho wrote: 'If this #Pepsi ad is the choice of a new generation, Im gonna need that generation to turn in its badge.'
Fellow comic and actor Jim Gaffigan added: 'But you said you wanted social media to talk about Pepsi.' - Advertising guy to Pepsi executive before agency is fired.'
Meanwhile members of an Austin Black Lives Matter group were outraged by the ad.
Jane Dunnington wrote on their group's page: 'What BS-- the pretty white chick gives the cop a Pepsi and it's all good; everyone cheers?! Yeah, that fixed institutional racism.'
'Wow that is offensive on so many levels,' Haley Bach added.
Sam Roberts
The New York Times
After World War II, American counterintelligence recruited former Gestapo officers, SS veterans and Nazi collaborators to an even greater extent than had been previously disclosed and helped many of them avoid prosecution or looked the other way when they escaped, according to thousands of newly declassified documents.
With the Soviet Union muscling in on Eastern Europe, “settling scores with Germans or German collaborators seemed less pressing; in some cases, it even appeared counterproductive,” said a government report published Friday by the National Archives.
“When the Klaus Barbie story broke, about his escaping with American help to Bolivia, we thought there weren't any more stories like that, that Barbie was an exception,” said Norman J. W. Goda, a University of Florida professor and co-author of the report with Professor Richard Breitman of American University. “What we found in the record is that there were a fair number, and that it seems more systematic.”
In chilling detail, the report also elaborates on the close working relationship between Nazi leaders and the grand mufti of Jerusalem, Haj Amin al-Husseini, who later claimed that he sought refuge in wartime Germany only to avoid arrest by the British.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
In fact, the report says, the Muslim leader was paid “an absolute fortune” of 50,000 marks a month (when a German field marshal was making 25,000 marks a year). It also said he energetically recruited Muslims for the SS, the Nazi Party's elite military command, and was promised that he would be installed as the leader of Palestine after German troops drove out the British and exterminated more than 350,000 Jews there.
On Nov. 28, 1941, the authors say, Hitler told Mr. Husseini that the Afrika Corps and German troops deployed from the Caucasus region would liberate Arabs in the Middle East and that “Germany's only objective there would be the destruction of the Jews.”
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample The report details how Mr. Husseini himself was allowed to flee after the war to Syria — he was in the custody of the French, who did not want to alienate Middle East regimes — and how high-ranking Nazis escaped from Germany to become advisers to anti-Israeli Arab leaders and “were able to carry on and transmit to others Nazi racial-ideological anti-Semitism.” “You have an actual contract between officials of the Nazi Foreign Ministry with Arab leaders, including Husseini, extending after the war because they saw a cause they believed in,” Dr. Breitman said. “And after the war, you have real Nazi war criminals — Wilhelm Beisner, Franz Rademacher and Alois Brunner — who were quite influential in Arab countries.” In October 1945, the report says, the British head of Palestine's Criminal Investigation Division told the assistant American military attaché in Cairo that the mufti might be the only force able to unite the Palestine Arabs and “cool off the Zionists. Of course, we can't do it, but it might not be such a damn bad idea at that.” Read Full Article
RELATED ARTICLE:
Nazis Were Given “Safe Haven” in U.S., Report Says
Sufjan Stevens is one of the rare modern artists that has minimal hype surrounding his career and to my way of thinking, writes a complete album of fully united songs.
From the instrumentation to the at times off-kilter, almost jittery performances, especially with the horn arrangements and odd mix that changes mood, whether intentional or by Steven's "feel" for arrangements, that take many emotions and topics that get treated to very dry horns and banjo against a modestly played piano part, again, neither poor nor stunning for it's incredible chops. By all that musicians get fed at schools poor old Ssufjan would get all kinds of obnoxious critiques for the unusual mixes, sounds being in different ambient spaces, and musically, some might go after some outright poor soloing on guitar, yet some students more interested in music and not form might say, "so what, this is a great CD" and I'd be right with them.
One of the endearing things about Greetings From Michigan: The Great Lake State is it's songwriting and wonderful vocals that get the emotional feelings across, and while far from happy funtime music, Greetings... offers excellent lyrics, pleasant (in the most positive meaning) yearning that fits the angst frequently masked by seemingly mid-tempo ballads that implode into all the great things behind your school's marching band, a good indie band at one of the only bars for miles that has live music with the geeky guy that sings in a pretty tenor voice and makes you want to drink.
Sufjan Stevens is all about mood and feelings compared to the uber perfect recordings with a handful bands that have something to say and another hundred with the exact same sounds and none of the originality.
While not a mainstream recording it's not psychotic punk that celebrates how much they manage to distort their recordings as a means of showing their "rebellion" against the recording system.
Nope, you won't find poser music here. The sound is slightly warm and sometimes like Sufjan is singing in the living room while the brass is in the studio and the banjo and guitars are in the kitchen.
It might appear like a train-wreck, but the sound is very appealing and original. The singer songwriter thing is old but not when Sufjan Stevens is the singer songwriter.
I have the Illinoise album as well and can't say which is a better place to start though Illinoise appeals to me a slight bit more. It also seems a bit tighter without giving away that realistic sound found on Michigan.
Another thing; in general I am not attracted to this style of music although it's Post Rock/Experimental leanings add a great deal to the creative use of instruments not often found in this type of music and it's effective use.
Well worth taking a chance on, and if you don't get it right away, don't worry, you'll start remembering melodies while at work or chilling out to some other less interesting artist.
First Look: Broken Rice
This Vietnamese bistro in Kaimukī serves unexpected rice dishes.
By Michele Aucello
Beef Spicy Noodle Soup.
Photos: Michele Aucello
Opening a Vietnamese restaurant in a neighborhood which already has three within a two-block radius is a gutsy move. It also helps explain how Broken Rice came to specialize in serving fractured jasmine rice for a fluffier, couscouslike texture, says Ron Tran, the eldest son of owner/cook Minh Tran.
The family came to Hawai‘i from Vietnam in the '80s and tended to eat at home—because the parents' cooking was so good, focusing on clean, fresh flavors. Family and friends who loved their cooking urged them to open a restaurant. They were searching for the right space when they learned that restaurant Verde on Wai‘alae Avenue. was looking to sell the lease. Tran Sr. had been working on his pho recipe, but realized the location would be near three established Vietnamese restaurants serving pho, so they shifted their focus.
There are vermicelli dishes, which come with a choice of spring roll, lemongrass chicken, grilled pork or grilled shrimp. But try the broken rice. The Shaking Beef with Broken Rice dish we ordered was not on the menu we viewed online, but there it was. It had been removed for a while after some customers found it too garlicky. It was our favorite dish. The marinade is simple shoyu and garlic with a little sake. The cubed rib eye was seared crispy outside, tender inside.
Shaking Beef with Broken Rice.
Tran recommends the Beef Spicy Noodle Soup. Make sure you add the lemon and mint. The 10-year-old in our party declared the broth too spicy, but ate three helpings. The adults found it just spicy enough. We also liked the vegetarian salad (tofu, shredded carrots, mushrooms, jicama with fresh basil and mint, and a hoisin peanut sauce) with large lettuce leaves as wraps.
Vegetarian salad.
The Crab Fried Rice with king crab, egg and vegetables included hefty nuggets of crab. Broken rice can also be ordered with grilled chicken, pork or shrimp or the Special Broken Rice with grilled pork chop, chicken shredded pork, clear noodle and meat loaf (!).
Crab Fried Rice.
Tran admits the family didn't realize how much work it would take to open a restaurant, and says the learning curve has been steep. However, you can't tell by the new space: fresh, clean and simple, redone in white, gray and yellow. As they were working through their soft-opening stage, the restaurant looked a bit stark, but more artwork is being added.
The menu mirrors the interior—clean, fresh, simple. They decided to keep the menu short and simple so as not to overwhelm the customers (or the kitchen), and to focus on the dishes that they do well.
Broken Rice wants to shake up the notion of what a Vietnamese restaurant is with the menu, price point and even the type of meat used. The family tinkered with different cuts of beef and ultimately went back to the rib eye that works best for them. Yet sauces are simple, condiments fresh and the menu is straightforward.
Broken Rice does not charge a corkage fee, but bring your own wine glasses or be prepared to sip your vino out of red Solo cups. When we asked why only one bottle opener and no glasses, we learned the owners do not drink and were thus unsure how to proceed. They are open to suggestions, though, so consider letting them know if you'd prefer paying a fee in order to drink from glasses.
Tran says his parents hope to grow this restaurant to the point where they can step back and manage, maybe make the sauces. For now, family members come help out after their day jobs, which might explain the calm vibe here. Smiles on faces, eager to help—it really is a family affair. Our family of three ate well for under $60, not including tip.
You can also pop in at lunchtime for take-out bentos with lemongrass chicken or pork and beef patty. Check it out on Instagram (@brokenricehi) for future specials and more photos of the food.
3607 Wai‘alae Ave., brokenricehi.com, 739-0230, weekdays, 5–9 p.m., weekends, 11 a.m.–2 p.m., 5–9 p.m.
Dawn of War III is being developed for Mac and Linux by our partner Feral Interactive. Click here to find out more!
Is Dawn of War III for Mac/Linux being developed by Relic?
Dawn of War III is being developed for Mac and Linux by our partner Feral Interactive. Feral previously developed and published the Mac and Linux ports of Company of Heroes 2 and Dawn of War II.
What are the key differences between Dawn of War III on Windows vs Mac & Linux?
Nothing! All content from the Windows version is in the Mac & Linux versions.
Who can I play in online multiplayer?
Dawn of War III's multiplayer is cross-platform between Mac and Linux, but not with Windows. We hope to revisit cross-platform multiplayer, and implement that in a future update.
When will Dawn of War III on Mac/Linux be released?
Dawn of War III will be released for Mac and Linux on June 8th, 2017.
Will preload be available before release?
No, the Mac and Linux versions of Dawn of War III will not be available to pre-load prior to release.
What time does it release in my region?
Dawn of War III will be become available for Mac and Linux at 12pm BST / 7am EDT / 4am PDT on June 8th.
What is the price?
Dawn of War III for Mac and Linux will be available through the Feral Store and Steam for $59.99/£39.99/59,99€.
Why is the price of Dawn of War III different on the Mac App Store?
The Mac App Store uses a universal tiering system to set the price of games and other applications, meaning prices cannot be set individually per currency.
This tiering system takes into account different exchange rates and sales taxes, which sometimes results in games costing more or less than their counterparts on Steam.
What are the min/recommended specs?
The game's minimum and recommended system requirements will be confirmed closer to release. Keep an eye on Feral Interactive's news feed, Twitter, and Facebook pages for updates!
What else do I need to play?
You will need a mouse that is capable of left and right-clicking. If you are using an Apple Magic Mouse on Mac, you will need to enable the Secondary Click option in your computer's Mouse settings, which are located under System Preferences.
I've already bought Dawn of War III for Windows. Do I have to buy it again if I want it for macOS or Linux?
No. If you already own Dawn of War III on Steam, you do not need to purchase the game again; on June 8th, the game will be available to download and install on your Mac or Linux computer.
If I buy on Mac or Linux, do I get access to Dawn of War III for Windows?
Yes. If you purchase Dawn of War III on Steam, you will have access to all versions of the game on all platforms.
Note: If you purchase Dawn of War III on the Mac App Store, you will not receive a Windows version. If you want to ensure you can play on a Windows PC, purchase Dawn of War III on Steam.
What is the file-size of the download?
When downloading and installing the game, we recommend having at least 50GB of storage space available.
Who do I contact for tech support / customer service?
For any technical support or customer service inquiries relating to Dawn of War III for Mac and Linux, please contact Feral Interactive Support.
For any press enquiries relating to the Mac and Linux versions of the game, please contact press@feral.co.uk.
Are performance / graphic settings / sound settings comparable between platforms?
As long as your computer meets the minimum system requirements, performance will be comparable across all three platforms.
Will Dawn of War III on Mac and Linux support Steam Workshop?
On Steam, Dawn of War III for macOS and Linux will allow players to install user-created content via the Steam Workshop. User-created content is not officially supported in the Mac App Store version of the game.
NOTE: The grammar of this article has been updated, due to an initial tech problem resulting in an unproved copy being published. The tenth paragraph has been added for clarity. Additionally, this now includes a final statement from Amy Chu.
Back in January 2016 DC comics published Poison Ivy's first (and only) solo mini series in her 50 year old history. The series, written by Amy Chu, narrates the story of Poison Ivy trying to “turn over a new leaf” in her life as a scientist at the plant sciences department of Gotham's Botanical Gardens. Without spoiling the plot, the story quickly turns into a murder mystery and Poison Ivy has to fight against many creepy, shady people. And one of the major themes in the book is misogyny and sexual predators. Oh and also— Eddie Berganza was unexpectedly the editor.
In the book we are presented with various incidents of sexism: bikers harassing a waitress at a bar, Pamela Isley's boss expressing disdain for women in the workplace, and at issue #2 we are introduced to Winston, a colleague of Ivy who shows a creepy interest at her. In issue #3 Winston visits Pamela Isley's house without warning and he tries to blackmail her into having sex with him.
Isley says these exact words: “I've been more than patient with you at work, Winston. Your little jokes… The innuendoes are wearing thin.” And she kills him with her famous poison kiss.
Winston's body becomes food for Pamela's “chompies”, her flytrap plants. This whole incident feels a bit out of place for the book, and it's framed in an almost cartoony kind of way. The final panel where Winston gets eaten by Pammy's plants even feels a bit Looney Toon-y. At first the whole scene annoyed me a little because it seemed like it didn't fit in the book. Why would Ivy, who is being investigated for a murder case, kill someone and draw even more attention to herself? Thinking harder, I began to suspect this was “off” for a reason.
Amy Chu's work is filled with tiny bits of real life information, inside jokes, allusions to other books and creators. As implicitly confirmed by her in a recent tweet, this moment in the book seemed inspired by the reports of Eddie Berganza sexually harassing women at work. Life becomes Art. As Chu says, her book was transferred to Berganza—an unsafe professional peer—without anyone informing her. So she “changed the story.” Fans suspected it was to reflect her feelings about workplaces harbouring abusive employees, as it reflected their own about the known harassment Berganza had been reported for at DC in 2010. With this in mind, the whole book can become a comment about the problems women creators are facing at DC.
In issue #4 Poison Ivy (with the help of Catwoman and Darshan, a co-worker of hers) enters a mirror facility of her lab. She is the creator guiding us behind the story, showing us what's really going on. What we find out is that Ivy's bosses have been using her work, “editing it” to create abominations which have nothing to do with what Ivy—the creator—is trying to achieve. All this mess “could not have been constructed without higher up approval, this came from the top, like all Gotham institutions, rotten to the core,” we read.
In my opinion it looks like it's all a big metaphor about how a rotten to the core company treats the work of women, as well as women characters, with “higher up approval” creating and presenting distorted versions of their work. The story is about showing the reader what's happening behind the book. It's about sexism and harassment in DC. It's about how everyone knows but nobody with power talks. An agreement of silence.
Now the things get a bit more complicated.
During some personal Facebook conversations with Dan DiDio he told me that DC was pleased with how the mini sold and that after the mini a new book would likely be published. Indeed, with very little to no promotion, Amy Chus mini sold quite well compared to other similar books. Let's take as an example ComicChron's sales estimates for February 2016. Poison Ivy sold 23,452 copies. In comparison Batgirl sold 25,625, Suicide Squad (despite receiving huge promotion because of the movie) 23,687, Teen Titans 23,566, Aquaman 23,546. Also Red Hood, Green Arrow, DC Bombshells, Gotham Academy, Injustice, and more sold significantly less than Poison Ivy and most of them got renewed for Rebirth or got a second chance at a mini, digital titles etc, or got expanded as franchises. Another example is Omega Men, written by Tom King, had a chance at a 12 issue run despite having half Amy Chu's sales. And King ended up getting the main Batman book.
Amy Chu never got a chance to finish her story that ends on a cliffhanger. In fact since then she only got to write one Wonder Woman story for DC. Of course she's a talented writer, and she is currently writing Red Sonja and Dejah Thoris for Dynamite as well as Summit with Lion Forge. Her stories are inspiring, well written, include strong, independent women, and deal with multiple issues from modern feminism to racism and abuse to the dangers of big corporations and control of power.
So there's a question here: what happened at DC? Was there another Amy Chu book planned that was iced due to internal DC conflicts related to Berganza? Can they be that corrupt? Of course personal conversations with DiDio are not official word from DC, but a second person has confirmed to me that they were also told this.
For a company that wants to advertise diversity and inclusivity, it feels weird to cancel an upcoming book with a feminist icon like Poison Ivy written by a successful Asian American writer like Amy Chu. And it becomes even weirder when you add the Eddie Berganza story in the mix.
Thank you Amy Chu for everything. In your own words:
It shouldn't have to take courage to do what's right. Yet here we are. And I stupidly still love comics.
At WWAC, we can relate.
***
WWAC editor-in-chief Claire Napier approached Amy Chu on Twitter, asking if she would like to make a statement regarding the tweets referred to in this article and the fan theories around this book. They had the following conversation, shared with Chu's permission:
On Tuesday the New York Times broke the story that the F.B.I. was investigating St. Louis Cardinals employees for stealing information from the Houston Astros. There has to date been no reporting indicating that law enforcement officials believe that the data theft was part of a concerted effort on the part of the Cardinals organization to gain a leg up competitively. Instead, it appears to have been rogue employees acting out of pettiness. The perpetrators were "mid-to-low-level staff," according to the Wall Street Journal, who the Times reports were "hoping to wreak havoc on the work of Jeff Luhnow, the Astros' general manager, who had been a successful and polarizing executive with the Cardinals until 2011."
St. Louis chairman Bill DeWitt Jr. and GM John Mozeliak broke their silence on the hack and investigation on Wednesday. The two issued a joint statement condemning the data theft and promising to punish any individual employed by the Cardinals and found to have committed wrongdoing. In a Wednesday telephone interview with USA Today, St. Louis GM John Mozeliak denied that he had any knowledge of the information theft before learning of the F.B.I. inquiry. On Thursday, chairman Bill DeWitt Jr. did the same.
There's another reason the accusation of cheating leveled by some against the Cardinals doesn't hold water: The information would quickly become obsolete. In other words, even if the Cardinals stole proprietary data that the Astros used to evaluate or value players, its shelf life would be so short that it would quickly become useless. If you don't believe me, just ask Luhnow.
Luhnow broke his silence on the F.B.I. investigation in an interview with Sports Illustrated. Ben Reiter's full article is worth reading in its entirety (for the tidbits on password security, Luhnow's relationship with DeWitt, Mozeliak, etc.). Here's Luhnow on the limited worth of any pilfered information or data:
Further, Luhnow added, the idea that one team's outdated intellectual property would have remained helpful to a rival even in the short term is illogical. "If you were to take a snapshot of the database of one team, within a month it would not be useful anymore, because things change so quickly," he said. "Not to mention that the types of analysis you would do back in 2011, versus 2012 or '13 , is evolving so quickly because of new tools like PitchFX and StatCast. I wouldn't trust another team's analysis even if I had it."
So there you have it. Even if one assumes for the sake of argument (even though there is no reporting supporting such an allegation) that the Cardinals front office orchestrated a Watergate-type information theft in order to attempt to gain a competitive edge, the loot from such a heist would be obsolete "within a month," according to Luhnow. Cardinals employees hacking the Astros would not have given the club a competitive advantage. It would be a waste of time to even attempt to cheat in this way.
If you're familiar to WarCraft III Risk or the original StarCraft Risk for that matter, then this map should be quite familiar in terms of both gameplay and features.
Risk Revulsion is a StarCraft II remake of the popular board game, risk. Similar to the boardgame, each player begin with a limited amount of minerals for them to expand their influence by capturing countries. The more countries you capture, the more income you get, the stronger you become. When a country is captured, you'll be provided with free marines and additional income provided by your countries. This boost in income will be added on top of the original income of 4. You'll recieve your income at the start of a new turn.
When your influence or power has reached a certain thresshold, challenge your foes over the ( Global or European ) battlefield and prove your worth.
Take chances, take risks,
Risk Revulsion!
More Information at http://www.riskrevulsion.com/
Here is the first UK trailer for Coriolanus, an updated adaptation of the William Shakespeare play of the same name. Ralph Fiennes not only starred in the film, but he directed it as well, and he placed the story in a gritty contemporary modern technological setting. He also hired cinematographer Barry Ackroyd (The Hurt Locker) and cameraman Oliver Driscoli (Green Zone) to help get the gritty look for the film that you will see in the trailer below.
In the film, Caius Martius ‘Coriolanus' (Fiennes), a revered and feared Roman General is at odds with the city of Rome and his fellow citizens. Pushed by his controlling and ambitious mother Volumnia (Redgrave) to seek the exalted and powerful position of Consul, he is loath to ingratiate himself with the masses whose votes he needs in order to secure the office. When the public refuses to support him, Coriolanus's anger prompts a riot that culminates in his expulsion from Rome. The banished hero then allies himself with his sworn enemy Tullus Aufidius (Gerard Butler) to take his revenge on the city.
The film also stars Vanessa Redgrave, Brian Cox, Jessica Chastain and James Nesbitt.
Coriolanus is scheduled to open in North America on December 2nd., 2011.
Should be a great project for Fiennes , don't you think?
All our inflatable water slides for sale are specially designed to Australian standards . In a short period of time we became one of the most trusted inflatable company in Australia . We are also specially trained about USA standards . So we have the expertise to manufacture all commercial grade inflatable products up to your requirement. If you are in need of purchasing a blow up water slide look no further you have come to the right place . bAt Joy Jump We focus on international standard inflatable products in order to maintain long term loyal customers .
​Below you can find many products including slip and slides
All our water slides on sale has 2 years warranty and all are commercial grade . Our main aim is to give our beloved customers a great presale and after sale experience they never experienced before . To know more details about any specific products please click on the product picture and it will open a detailed page. most companies got inflatable water slides for sale but only we manufacture water slides comply with Australian standards so we can avoid accidents caused by inflatable products .We sincerely hope our commercial products will stop your longtime search for a super quality supplier with ease to your pocket , Please don't hesitate to contact us via our 24/7 hotline 02-8046-6590 to know more details . All commercial grade inflatable products on sale are available to deliver Melbourne , Perth , Brisbane and most parts of Australia
BA #085: Thomas Middleditch
On the eighty-fifth Box Angeles actor / improviser Thomas Middleditch (Silicon Valley, The Wolf of Wall Street) stops by Studio 309. He discusses being bullied in grade school before “figuring it out”, why Chicago is a great training ground for actors, odd jobs like selling shoes & walking dogs, how numerous random events have led to his success, and more!
the BA #085 breakdown
– Box rants people in the elevator bay.
– The Tommy Middlesnatch buzz and drinking and rituals.
– Growing up in Nelson, BC, Canada and “figuring it out” in high school being voted valedictorian.
– Indoorsy, flashes of weirdness and getting put into a play in 8th grade which changed everything.
– Theatresports, playing soccer and traveling to Australia after graduation.
– Briefly attending the University of Victoria before moving to Toronto for George Brown College.
– Focusing on sketch comedy, selling sneakers at New Balance and relocating to Chicago.
– Immigration, cash jobs like dog walking and taking classes at both Second City & iO.
– Getting a work visa with help from Charna Halpern and not enjoying the ways of old school improv.
– Doing Second City Cruise, considering quitting comedy and getting an SNL audition.
– Random events; new manager, network holding deal and McNuggets sketch into a commercial.
– Starting over in New York City, starting to do commercials and delaying the move to Los Angeles.
– How an audio bit, turned into a pilot, landed the role in Silicon Valley and trying to get in at UCB LA.
– Successes, not enjoying The Office spin-off, and avoiding saying no.
For more Thomas, catch him in ‘Silicon Valley‘ and follow him on Twitter @middleditch.
STUDIO BEER – Golden Road, Heal the Bay IPA
COMMERCE CITY, Colo. – Fabian Castillo's 81st-minute goal handed FC Dallas their first win in three months Saturday night as the visitors beat Colorado 2-1 at Dick's Sporting Goods Park.
Castillo followed up a Carlos Rodriguez header, drilling his effort top shelf and handing 4-9-7 Dallas their first win in 14 matches.
Colorado suffered their fifth loss in six games, missing a host of chances in slipping to 7-11-1 on the year.
Colorado hogged all the good chances early on, nearly breaking the deadlock several times in the game's first 20 minutes. Omar Cummings' 10th-minute open header just missed the post, and two minutes later, Jaime Castrillon's open volley right in front of goal missed high. Castrillon got the trifecta on 18 minutes, pushing a header just over the crossbar.
OPTA Chalkboard: Rapids dominate early exhanges, but FCD find a way
In the 36th minute, after slowly working their way into the match, Dallas finally got their first clean look at the Colorado goal. Brek Shea should've scored on Castillo's excellent cross into the box, the but 20-year-old's volley from three yards missed high.
Colorado ended a scoreless first half which they mostly dominated with Luis Zapata's strike on goal in the 42nd minute, but Kevin Hartman was able to steer aside the left back's effort.
It wouldn't take long for all those missed chances in the first half to turn into goals in the second.
Five minutes into the final 45 Rapids midfielder Martin Rivero found Conor Casey peeling off the FCD backline and the big forward expertly found an unmarked Cummings in all kinds of space down the right side. The Jamaican fired home for his fifth goal of the season, beating a cheating Hartman to the near post, giving the Rapids a 1-0 lead.
Colorado maintained the pressure on Dallas, nearly scoring on Casey's shot in the 52nd minute and Rivero's 55th-minute effort, but against the run of play, the visitors leveled things at 1-1 shortly afterwards. Castillo's speed created room for his cross into the box, which found the substitute Rodriguez at the back post for the 60th-minute equalizer.
But Colorado kept pushing for the three points – Cummings' 72nd-minute effort went off the post, and Hartman was busy throughout – it would be the visitors who got the last laugh after a blinding, open-field counterattack.
FULL LINEUPS AND BOXSCORE
It came after a snuffed out Colorado effort found playmaker David Ferreira alone in midfield. For once free of Jeff Larentowicz's attentions, the Colombian put a perfect ball into space for Rodriguez on the right flank. His cut-back was headed off the line by a retreating Drew Moor, but Castillo was there to smash it home and give his side their first win since a 2-1 result against Montreal on April 14.
FCD stay busy, heading to San Jose for a clash with the Earthquakes on Wednesday (9:30 pm CT, NBC Sports).
It's another Harley-Davidson Cafe Racer and by some strange coincidence it's also yellow!? Straight out of Japan this custom Harley XHL Sportster by Anbu Bike is named Full Cowl “Balle” which I am going to assume means balls…because this bike has plenty of them!
Unfortunately my Japanese isn't great and details on the website are limited so here's what I managed to translate from it…
“The Balle features full cowling designed specifically for the Sportser frame. Intergrated air cleaner housing in cowling body, custom gauges, top clamp and clip on bars, set down low for aggressive riding position. Custom gas tank formed and mounted to hug the V-twin and finished with custom Harley-Davidson branding. “
Just like the Harley 883 Cafe Racer we recently featured this bike is extremely tight. Just take a look at the front and rear photos below. No excess or over hang, everything tucked in and streamlined. The hazard style paint scheme of yellow and black works great and having the headlight set off to one side breaks up the almost perfect symmetry of this Harley Cafe Racer.
Sleet was driving against our faces that cold, wet evening in Tübingen in December 1984. I was a member of the Bundestag, Germany's federal parliament, representing the electoral district of that southwestern German city, famous around the world for its prestigious university. Together with the Junge Union, the youth organization of the center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU), I was protesting the Soviet Union's war in the Hindu Kush, which had already been raging for five years.
"Freedom for Afghanistan!" we shouted into the night, though no one in Moscow could hear us. A few days later, I read that Russia's defense minister had awarded another round of medals to soldiers for their bravery.
Back then, hardly any other issue united parties across Germany's political spectrum as much as our shared opposition to that war. So how is it that now, over 25 years later, the CDU is so unified in its support for war? How can it be that the Social Democratic Party (SPD) -- former Chancellor Willy Brandt's party of peace -- and the Free Democratic Party (FDP) -- former Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher's party of nonviolence -- are marching almost blindly in lockstep? Or that the Green Party, which once pledged to beat swords into plowshares, can't find the strength to deliver a clear "no"?
Perhaps it's understandable why, in the emotional hours after the 9/11 attacks, no German politician could muster the courage to tell our American friends that we wouldn't take part in any wars. What's harder to explain is why, more than nine years later, our politicians are still tagging along. Is it just that we're nervous about upsetting our NATO partner?
The ongoing debate over which conditions might possibly allow Germany to withdraw its combat troops from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 includes an element of the absurd, as Berlin shoots worried glances toward Washington, wondering if its big brother really will withdraw by 2014. After all, the great unspoken stipulation among Germany's hawks is that if the United States decides to push back its own withdrawal date, our leaders will also be able to find some rationale for staying. Indeed, when it comes to worries about upsetting our NATO partner nothing has changed.
There's something eerie about a withdrawal put off for four years. It basically means that we're expecting the Afghans to live through another stretch of war lasting as long as World War I. In 1988, Gorbachev would have found himself buried under a mountain of scorn if he had solemnly announced that he might "possibly" withdraw his combat troops in four years -- or perhaps even a bit later. Indeed, the West's promise to maybe withdraw from Afghanistan in four or more years sounds a lot like a chain smoker's vow to kick the habit sometime, somewhere down the line.
In recent years, I haven't met a single politician capable of explaining convincingly -- and for more than 10 minutes -- exactly what NATO is doing in Afghanistan. In fact, most of these conversations end with a shoulder shrug of resignation. After all, they argue, an alliance is an alliance, and superpowers can't simply drop out of wars.
The Four Lies about the War in Afghanistan
Since no one really wants to repeat such platitudes, they prefer to tell fairy tales like the ones they used with Iraq. Their hands hold swords, while their mouths tell lies. When it comes to the war in Afghanistan, there are four lies:
The first lie says we're there to fight international terrorism. Even David Petraeus, supreme commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan, conceded in May 2009 that al-Qaida is no longer operating in Afghanistan. The organization became decentralized a long time ago, with nerve centers spread around the globe. And al-Qaida's leaders don't transmit instructions from Afghanistan anymore because all electronic data traffic in the region is monitored by American drones and satellites.
In Afghanistan, what we're really fighting is not international terrorists, but a national resistance movement -- and, in doing so, we're creating exactly the thing we claim to be combating. For every civilian we kill, 10 more young people across the globe rise up, determined to strike back with terror. Gen. Stanley McChrystal, the former commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan, called this "insurgent math" in the interview that would ultimately cost him his job. Like a boomerang, our own violence comes back to haunt us in the guise of global terrorism.
The second lie is that we're there to defend our civilization's values. I recently held a position teaching constitutional law. I tried to explain to my students that our constitution protects every individual's dignity. No one can be deprived of his or her freedom without a trial. But where is human dignity being respected in Afghanistan? Every day, two to three Afghan civilians die at the hands of Western troops. By night, nameless American death squads move in to liquidate resistance leaders -- and often civilians as well -- violating the most basic rules of international law. Young Afghans have sat in the Bagram torture prison for years with no hope of being granted a trial and in conditions worse than at Guantanamo.
Our "defenders of civilization" never considered this worthy of a parliamentary debate. Indeed, since the dawn of colonialism, our involvement in the Muslim world has never been about defending our civilization's values; it's about defending our interests -- and Iraq and Afghanistan are merely the latest episodes in a long history. What's more, in most cases we've even been more brutal than our Muslim opponents. Granted, over the past 19 years, al-Qaida has brutally murdered some 3,500 Western civilians in the United States and Western Europe. But former US President George W. Bush has hundreds of thousands of civilian lives on his conscience in Iraq alone -- and all of this is in the name of our civilization.
The third lie is that we prioritize civilian reconstruction over military activities. Although the US spent $100 billion (74 billion) on the war in 2010, only $5 billion of that was for development aid -- and 40 percent of this "aid" happened to flow back to the US as profit and fees. The rest of the money had to wind its way through the dark channels of international subcontractors before a trickle of 20-30 percent finally reached development projects.
Germany likewise puts into reconstruction only a fraction of what it spends on its military. According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Afghanistan is currently the poorest country in Asia, and UNICEF estimates that 20 percent of all children there die before reaching the age of five. Even US Ambassador Karl Eikenberry admits that 77 percent of Afghans don't have access to clean drinking water and 45 percent go hungry. Under these circumstances, can we really call this "prioritizing civilian reconstruction"?
The fourth lie is that we're in the Hindu Kush to prevent the return of the Taliban for good. That almost sounds like a goal we can rally behind. After all, who really wants to see a return of those Stone Age warriors who trample women's rights under their feet? Nevertheless, the truth is actually much more complex. The Taliban already controls half of Afghanistan, and the danger that it will capture the rest won't be any smaller four years from now. Indeed, the Afghan Taliban grows stronger every day and -- unlike its imitators in Pakistan -- it seems to have learned from past mistakes. The New York Times has reported that, in some regions controlled by the resistance, girls are once again being barred from attending school -- with the Taliban's approval. The "Layeha," or "book of rules," laid down by Taliban spiritual leader Mullah Omar suggests that things will soon change in many respects.
Even if things were different, the Taliban's unacceptable worldview is still not a good enough reason to wage war. If that were the case we would also have to invade Somalia, Yemen and North Korea and a number of other authoritarian states, some of which we even count among our allies. The world would become one massive, bloody battlefield.
A school coach said he was fired for saving fruit that was to be discarded, and offering it to other students. Patrick Healy reports for the NBC4 News at 11 on Tuesday April 12, 2016. (Published Tuesday, April 12, 2016)
Chanting and carrying flyers for a second day, students protested the firing of a coach at a Southern California middle school over alleged violations involving his collecting and re-distributing food service fruit.
Arnold Villalobos said he was gathering only unwanted fruit that otherwise would have ended up in the garbage at Center Middle School in Azusa.
In the wake of his termination, students and their families were demanding Villalobos be reinstated by the Azusa Unified School District. Villalobos coached football, basketball, and softball teams, served as a proctor during lunch hour, and in the past year had also worked as a special education assistant.
Villalobos said he thought he was providing a service by keeping fruit from going to waste, and giving it to student-athletes and others on campus who wanted it. He said he was unaware of public health restrictions on re-serving unsealed food.
Judge Implores Kids to Consider the Consequences
Bibb County Superior Court Judge Verda Colvin brings a courtroom full of Consider the Consequences participants to tears as she tells the truth. (Published Tuesday, April 12, 2016)
A Marine Corps veteran who served in Iraq, Villalobos said it troubled him to see so many students not eating the apples, oranges and bananas the school district's food service provided everyday as part of lunch at Center Middle School.
"They were just going to throw it away, so I thought I would do something good," said Villalobos, explaining that he placed an open box in the lunch area where students could leave unwanted fruit they had planned to throw away.
What he collected, he distributed around campus, earmarking some for members of the student sports teams that practiced each day after the final bell. Villalobos said he distributed all of the collected fruit at school and never took any home.
After three years of collecting fruit, food service told Villalobos for the first time last month he should not be doing so, according to the now-former coach. He said the day he received a written notice, he stopped.
In following weeks, some students brought him bags of fruit they had collected, which Villalobos said he threw away. By his own account, he was placed on suspension, and at a meeting last Friday at district headquarters, he was informed he was being terminated, because "taking" fruit from the students was not permitted.
Angel Olivares, a student-athlete, said he looked forward to the snacks after basketball practice, and his parents approved.
"Who wouldn't want to save that?" said Angel's mom, Amy.
But the school district told Villalobos he had violated the law by gathering students' lunch-line fruit and re-serving it, Villalobos recalled.
Azusa Unified Superintendent Linda Kaminski, EdD, declined to discuss the case with NBC4, calling it a personnel matter. Kamininski did speak of the district's commitment to adhering to government requirements and providing students nourishing meals. She said the district has a program to collect uneaten fruit and clean it to meet requirements for re-serving, but could not provide details on when that program was launched, nor how much fruit has been re-served.
Villalobos said he had seen no evidence of such a program, other than what he was doing.
Several of the students Villalobos coached, along with their parents, protested the coach's termination.
"We want Arnold," chanted one group of students. Some printed fliers calling for his reinstatement and displayed them at school Tuesday. Parents backed them, praising Villalobos for mentoring students, encouraging them to keep up their grades and even helping them with homework.
"He's there for the kids," said Angel's father, Juan Olivares, recalling that Villalobos always made sure his student-athletes got home from games safely.
Parents prodded Azusa Unified to reverse course.
"I think they're making a really big mistake if they don't bring him back," Amy Olivares said.
The California School Employees Association intends to look into the case, a spokesman said.
"My kids are everything for me," Villalobos said.
November 1, 2012
"SYSTEM SHUTDOWN," read the screen above the Times Square subway entrance on Sunday afternoon. A gray sky had consumed the sun, and periodic gusts of wind rattled the traffic signs. Meanwhile, the supermarkets were jammed with shopping carts packed full of canned goods and toilet paper, in preparation for the impending "Frankenstorm" as meteorologists had taken to calling it.
The news ticker behind the TXKTS stand on the corner of 47th Street and Broadway flashed with an alert that the New York Stock Exchange would be closed on Monday. The storm succeeded in doing what a year of the Occupy movement couldn't: It shut down Wall Street.
By the TXKTS bleachers, I found Phil Aroneanu, a leading organizer with 350.org, together with familiar faces from Occupy Wall Street. Aroneanu reached into a dusty army surplus backpack and unfurled a vintage parachute, circa World War II, with the words "End the Climate Silence" scrawled on it. Occupy and 350.org activists grabbed hold of it, together with passersby who spontaneously joined them. Together, they held the parachute up, while from a lounge several stories high in a nearby luxury hotel, photographers snapped pictures of the display.
"We're performing this action not to say that this impending storm is happening because of climate change," Aroneanu explained, "but to highlight that we can expect more extreme weather like Sandy in the future if we continue on our current course."
On Democracy Now! the next day, 350.org founder Bill McKibben explained that the aim of the organization's activism is "to connect the dots between extreme weather, climate change and the fossil fuel industry."
The parachute in Times Square was one such dot. But to many of those engaged in pushing for society to combat climate change, there is a crucial dot missing in the constellation McKibben presents. Perhaps it is not a dot at all but the horizon. That is, the global system under which the majority of the world's population lives: capitalism.
A market-based, fee-and-dividend program could have an impact by charging polluters for emitting carbon into the atmosphere, yet it seems unlikely that such measures will have the teeth they need. The rapidly spreading method of fossil fuel extraction known as fracking, for instance, is already exempt from the Environmental Protection Agency's Toxic Release Inventory.
Both fuel efficiency standards and fee-and-dividend measures would need to be implemented immediately and thoroughly to have even a limited effect on mitigating the effects of climate change. Yet, since their first priority is protecting the interests of the 1 percent, both the White House and Capitol Hill have expressed almost zero political will on the issue.
While Obama advocates for gasoline mileage requirements on automobiles to take effect by the quarter turn of the century, Peter Wadhams, a professor of Ocean Physics at Cambridge University estimated last month arctic sea ice could vanish as early as the summer of 2016.
IN A widely circulated article published this summer in Rolling Stone, McKibben outlines how our future is being held hostage by Wall Street and energy corporations banking on burning deposits of fossil fuels.
As for solutions, McKibben advocates for pension funds and college endowment portfolios to divest from fossil fuels, for fee-and-dividend charges to be levied on big polluters and for increased mileage requirements on vehicles.
Yet these reforms simply won't be enough to address the depth and scope of the climate crisis. They seek to curb and negotiate the excesses of Wall Street, rather than get rid of Wall Street all together. The pledges to regulate Wall Street we hear from politicians are like Anheuser-Busch telling people to "drink responsibly"--they run counter to the compulsion to profit at all cost that is grafted into the basic framework of the system.
350.org plans on launching its "Do the Math" tour on November 7, corresponding with a divestment campaign that organizers hope to launch on college campuses across the country. McKibben and others have often mentioned that their efforts are modeled on the divestment movement against the South African apartheid state during the 1980s.
But with divestment efforts we again encounter the systemic confines in which we find ourselves; as eco-socialist David Schwartzman put it to McKibben, "Will Exxon go green because of political pressure?"
Schwartzman instead calls for a strategy of class struggle that "encompasses the creative activity of the 99 percent" with the aim of "expanding democracy to all spheres, political, economic and social."
Unless the environmental movement makes such inroads, a rift will continue to exist between those blockading pipelines and those constructing them, which those who have accumulated billions on backs of their workers to the detriment of the air, soil and water make use of. This is best illustrated by the Jobs for the 99 website set up by the Oil and Gas Industry Labor-Management Committee in favor of the Keystone XL pipeline, which demands, "Hollywood's elite 1 percent...stop flying to DC and speaking out against jobs that help the other 99 percent of America!"
Presenting lessons he sees in the civil rights movement to today's environmental activists, Waging Nonviolence columnist George Lakey argued recently that presenting oneself as an anti-capitalist is too "ideological" a stance for the everyday people to identify with.
Instead, he says, activists should seek to build movements that incorporate "people who are ambivalent in their analysis and vision but are daily becoming clearer about their interests."
But in the wake of the civil rights movement, a national organization emerged that did take a more ideological stance; the Black Panther Party engaged in localized struggle, put forward immediate national demands that workers and the poor identified with and maintained a revolutionary anti-capitalist perspective.
The Panthers saw a theoretical framework as an essential component of their activism. Number five in the Panthers' "Ten Point Plan" calls for an education system "that teaches us our true history and our role in present day society," stating, "If you do not have knowledge of yourself and your position in the society and in the world, then you will have little chance to know anything else."
IF WE're going to fight climate change, doesn't it behoove us to do as the Panthers did, to locate our struggle amid the dynamics of the social, economic, historic and ideological situation we find ourselves in--i.e., capitalism?
The civil rights movement and many of its leaders emerged from earlier struggles against racism in which anti-capitalist analysis played an intimate role. Mark Naison, in his classic study Communists in Harlem During the Depression, documents how, though frequently hampered by policy directives from Moscow, the American Communist Party worked with black nationalists, liberals, middle-class churches and even, occasionally, with the NAACP on anti-lynching campaigns, housing rights issues and multi-racial unionism. These struggles laid the groundwork from which organizations like the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee sprouted.
Despite the eventual gains of the civil rights movement, however, from 1949 to 1964 the annual income gap between whites and Blacks nearly doubled. The economic framework that upheld the racist order was unaddressed. While civil rights was predominantly led by and composed of the Black middle class, the Panthers appealed to a poor and working-class base, those with a set of economic and social needs that went beyond the compass of civil rights alone.
Harry Haywood writes of the milieu in which the Panthers rose up: "Black revolt had crashed beyond the limited goals set by the old guard reformist assimilationist leadership of the NAACP and associates."
On a national scale, the environmental movement in the United States today remains largely trapped within white, middle-class confines. As alarm bells grow louder over the threat climate change poses to humanity's continued habitation of Earth, won't the environmental movement reach such a threshold as well?
Rather than solely seeking to assimilate green efficacy into capitalist modus operandi, as McKibben suggests, what would an environmental movement look like that challenges this modus operandi itself? Maybe it's time for a Green Panther Party.
Since the global financial crisis broke out and the Arab Spring and Occupy Wall Street arose in its wake, amid the continuing revolts against austerity in Europe and the student victories in Chile and Quebec, it doesn't feel so crazy to call oneself a revolutionary anymore, nor an anti-capitalist. Let's be weary of only reaching for low-hanging fruit.
Last night, as auguries of climate change beat against my window in the form of Hurricane Sandy, I was reminded that 100 million people are expected to perish by 2030 as a result of the changes carbon emissions are causing to our earth's climate.
Fredric Jameson once wrote, "It is easier to imagine the end of the world than to imagine the end of capitalism."
Given the escalating nature of climate change, I for one would rather imagine an end to capitalism. And for that we'll need an environmental movement as radical as reality itself.
First published at WagingNonviolence.org.
Barrett Brown The government wants media gag for Barrett Brown The journalist-come-hacktivist faces a century in prison and the prosecution want him silenced
Barrett Brown, the once self-appointed Anonymous spokesman and journalist, who faces over a century in jail for -- among other charges -- reposting links containing credit card information gleaned from the Stratfor hack, has attracted a fair amount of media attention during his year in pre-trial detention.
There is good reason to pay attention to Brown and his case, which could set a troubling precedent for liability when reposting information online were he to be found guilty. However, the government prosecution has filed a motion for a "Gag Order" (to disallow media).
Advertisement:
Brown's defense has pointed out to the presiding judge that despite writing from jail and speaking to a handful of journalists, Brown has made no justice-obstructing statements. The government's argument is that they want to ensure Brown's case is tried in court rather than put on public trial in the media, with Brown's and his defense team controlling the narrative.
However, at a time when Bradley Manning faces decades in military prison, Jeremy Hammond faces a ten-year sentence for his role in the Statfor hack and Edward Snowden is hiding in Russia for fear of persecution for revealing uncomfortable truths about government surveillance, Brown's case also reflects a general epoch of troubling crackdowns; his voice as both journalist and activist in the midst of one such crackdown is an important one to publicize. If default messaging comes from the government, the media must be allowed access to dissent (and incarcerated) voices like Brown's.
As filmmaker Vivien Lesnik Weisman (who is making a documentary featuring Brown about government persecution of leakers, activists and hackers) wrote for HuffPo:
This is another of the previously unpublished lists found in our latest book, the Ultimate Book of Bizarre Lists. Here we look at ten toys that are either horrifying, bizarre or unimaginably inappropriate for their target market. If you know of other revolting or disastrous toys, mention them in the comments.
10 Pee Wee Herman Doll
Given the strange circumstances under which Mr Herman was arrested some years ago, one wonders why any company would agree to produce a child's doll of him. That aside, the doll itself is horrifying – it looks like a monstrous grinning clown without its red nose. The ill-fitting suit and strangely long fingers make this a doll that no parent would want for their child.
9 Look-alike Doll
If you are worried that your child is not narcissistic enough, this is the toy for them! The look-alike doll is a small action figure made to look exactly like its owner. Just send in a photo and wait for your doll to arrive in the post. This is a great way to make precious children feel even more precious.
8 Reborn Baby
Reborn Babies is the brainchild of Deborah King, from Scotland. While there is no denying her artistic talent – the dolls she produces are macabre to say the least. She attempts to make her dolls as lifelike as possible – complete with an optional beating heart. The unfortunate thing is that she makes them look so real that the lack of movement and the frozen poses make it look like an embalmed infant corpse. Any child that jumps for joy at receiving one of these for Christmas needs to get to a therapist, pronto!
7 Adolf Hitler Doll
Unless you are a member of your local ku klux klan, or any other racist, bigoted organization, you are not at all going to want this hideous (and very lifelike) doll for your child. The doll even comes with a removable Nazi uniform, in case you want to see Hitler's missing testicle.
6 Epidermits
This hideous toy has a covering that feels like human skin and hair that feels like human hair. It is headless (the hair comes out of its neck) and has a tail made of a metal rod. This toy is simply dreadful. Whatever benefit a young child (and that is the age group it is marketed at) would get from his grotesque bundle of fake human flesh is beyond me. Here is what the company says about it: “They require minimal maintenance, can be stored in state of forced hibernation in standard refrigerators, and are customizable with different body, skin and hair selections and through tanning, tattooing and piercing.”
5 Pee and Poo Plush Toys
Pee and Poo plush toys are designed to make your children comfortable with pee and poo. Why you want to make them comfortable with the idea of playing WITH pee and poo is something I have yet to work out. While these are undoubtedly designed to help with toilet training, it seems to me that teaching children that handling poo is okay is not a good idea.
4 God Almighty
God Almighty is an action figure sold by the “Jesus Christ Superstore”. It features a God-like figure with a long white beard wearing a flowing white coat. The figure also comes with a Kalashnikov AK-47 (yeah right – because God really needs one of those) and the unfortunate logo on the box reads: “his [sic] is the kingdom, the power and the glory”. Tacky.
3 Chopped Up Lady
Only in Japan would a toy like this be developed. This toy is a bag filled with an anatomically correct lady who has been chopped into pieces. She is complete with blood oozing out of her wounds and blood splatters on her face. Perfect for the parent who wants to distract their future serial-killer child from killing animals.
2 Stripper Poles
Believe it or not a British company produced a stripper pole toy for young girls to practice their pole dancing. Fortunately, some officials decided to yank it from the shelves. But, sadly, not before dozens of chavs bought them for their daughters. The marketing campaign for this product is quite unbelievable: “Unleash the sex kitten inside…simply extend the Peekaboo pole inside the tube, slip on the sexy tunes and away you go!” Remember – this was made for pre-teen girls.
1 Breastfeeding Doll
Yes, it is another doll – but we are certain you will understand why it is number one. Let's start with the product tagline: “Because you shouldn't have to wait until you have breasts before you start breastfeeding your baby.” I beg to differ. This doll comes with a special top for pre-pubescent girls to wear that has little flowers in the place of nipples. When the doll is placed on the flower it begins to suckle. This doll is seriously, seriously wrong. It is made by Spanish company Berjuan.
Follow us on Facebook or subscribe to our daily or weekly newsletter so you don't miss out on our latest lists.
Harvard University Students To Study Course On Ramayana, Mahabharata
This fall, students in Harvard University will study Indian epics Mahabharata and Ramayana. The course in question is "Indian Religions Through Their Narrative Literatures" which will be taught by Anne E. Monius, who is the Professor of South Asian Religions at the University. The course will examine the religious traditions and communities of South Asia through the stories told. As part of the course description, Professor Anne E. Monius says that the course will study Indian religions from the poetic visions of Vyasa and Valmiki and to modern performances of the epics in urban street theatres and television serials.Talking about the universality of the two epics, Anne E. Monius says, The Indian epics are long and complex narratives that speak to virtually every aspect of human experience. While the Mahabharata is a sobering tale of cataclysmic war and loss, the Ramayana is one of India's great love stories."Anne E. Monius says that for over a century the scholars have studied these texts as philosophical and scriptural texts while largely ignoring the subcontinent's wealth of narrative literatures.The course will not just examine the Sanskrit texts of the two epics but also look into dance performances, shadow puppet plays, modern fictional retellings, and televised renditions of the stories. Anne E. Monius believes that the two epics easily transcend boundaries of genres 'both in history and today'.She believes that once the course is over, her students would be able to appreciate the richness of the texts and develop varied lenses with which to examine the different practices and traditions that make up what scholars have called "Hinduism." Click here for more Education News
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
An unemployment lines. (Credit: Reuters) Ad Policy
America's social safety net, such as it is, has recently come under some scrutiny. Chana Joffe-Walt's in-depth exploration of the increase in people getting Social Security Disability benefits at NPR got many listeners buzzing. Then in The Wall Street Journal, Damian Paletta and Caroline Porter looked at the increase in the use of food stamps, called SNAP. All three journalists look at the increasing dependence on these programs and come away puzzled: Why are so many people now getting disability and food stamp payments?
The answer is twofold. Recent trends give us the first part of the explanation. Yes, as Paletta and Porter note, the economy is recovering and the unemployment rate is falling. But, as they recognize, the poverty rate is also rising. And therein lies the rub: people are getting jobs but staying poor. The available jobs are increasingly low-wage and don't pay enough to live off of. And the big profits in the private sector haven't led to an increase in wages.
GDP and employment may be doing well, but that hasn't done much for those at the bottom of the totem pole. As the WSJ article points out, 48.5 million people were living in poverty in 2011, up from 37.3 million in 2007, a 30 percent increase. This is despite an unemployment rate that's fallen off its peak. Some of the fall in the unemployment rate has been driven by people simply giving up on looking for a job altogether. But those who do get jobs are likely trading their once middle-class employment for low-wage work. The National Employment Law Project has found that mid-wage jobs have been wiped out during the recovery in favor of low-wage work: low paying jobs grew nearly three times as fast as mid-wage or high-wage work.
But there's a deeper explanation that goes beyond the current economic picture. Aren't there other programs for the increasing ranks of people living in poverty to turn to? Unfortunately, we've worked hard to weaken key parts of the safety net by changing how programs operate and then cutting back on their funds. Consequently, the number of people who are reached by programs for the poor has shrunk. But when you take away someone's lifeline, they don't stop needing it. So they either suffer hardship or find support elsewhere. What disability insurance and SNAP have in common is that they are fully funded by the federal government, which also can set the eligibility requirements. While states narrow eligibility requirements for TANF or unemployment insurance, the federal government can leave them (relatively) more open for SNAP and disability. That leaves them absorbing those who we've thrown off the rolls of other programs.
Unemployment benefits are where people turn when they lose a job and need income before getting back to work. But due to financial and other requirements, not everyone gets them. These rules vary state by state because states are in almost complete control of the program. They set their own eligibility criteria and benefit levels and are also on the hook for most of the funding for the benefits. As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities reports, “the federal government pays only the administrative costs.”
Unlike the federal government, states have constrained budgets and most have to balance them every year. These budgets get even tighter in a downturn when people lose jobs and don't pay as many taxes. On top of this, states have come under pressure from business groups during good times to reduce the contributions they use to fund the reserves that pay out benefits when things get tough. So many states have cut back on eligibility or benefit amounts in light of squeezed budgets. Given all of these constraints on benefits, only about a third of all children whose parents were unemployed at some point in 2011 actually saw any unemployment insurance benefits. They were far more likely to get food stamps, a federally funded program that has been much more flexible.
This story of a program financed by states that hasn't been able to keep up with demand is the same for another huge part of the social safety net: welfare, or as we know it now, TANF. TANF does even worse than unemployment: it reaches just 10 percent of the children living with unemployment parents and just 30 percent of those living in poverty. The program used to do much better: in 1996, it reached 70 percent of poor families with children living in poverty. But then there was welfare reform, which turned it from a cost-sharing model to a block grant. Rather than the federal government sharing the costs with the states, the government now doles out lumps of cash and mostly lets states handle the rest. That lump doesn't change even if the economy gets worse and more people live in poverty—and hasn't even kept up with inflation.
While welfare reformers initially claimed victory as rolls fell during a booming 90s economy, the numbers have continued to fall even as jobs have disappeared. The poverty rate among families is back up to 1996 levels, but TANF's caseload has fallen by 60 percent since then.
These families aren't magically de-impoverished when they're kicked off of government support programs. So they either go hungry or find other means of support. Enter SNAP and disability. SNAP has grown by 45 percent to meet increased need in the poor economy. The federal government was able to increase funding and waive some barriers to entering the program.
The CBPP reports that the growth in the use of disability insurance, on the other hand, is in large part due to demographic factors—an aging population and women's increased entrance into the workforce—which accounts for half its growth since 1990. The elderly are far more likely to be disabled than younger workers, and more women workers means more workers who might become disabled. Other factors that contributed to its growth include the economic downturn. Joffe-Walt reports on how disability has dovetailed with welfare pruning its rolls. As she shows in two graphs, the number of low-income people on disability rose just as the number of families on welfare declined. Disability receipts also rise as unemployment rises. To qualify for disability, an applicant must have, as CBPP puts it, “little or no income and few assets”—which means that if unemployment and poverty rise, more people will fit this description. As Harold Pollack points out, “If you have a bad back, and the only jobs available are manual labor, that's a real limitation. You're unable to work. So it very much matters that we're in a deep recession and a lot of the opportunities people faced are limited.”
Other than elderly disabled workers, those who sign up for disability are those who can't even dream of finding a job that doesn't require physical exertion and have no other income—thus leaving them with no where to turn but disability. After all, unemployment only lasts so long and TANF now comes with strict work requirements. Disability steps in when those with low education levels who live in communities based around industry—hard manual labor—lose their jobs and fall into poverty.
This is what happens when you burn enormous holes in the fabric of the social safety net: people either fall through or cling to the remaining parts. We can certainly debate whether we want food stamps and disability to carry so much of the burden of supporting the poor and vulnerable. In fact, this all seems to point to the simplest answer, which is to just hand money to those in poverty rather than funnel it through these different programs that may or may not actually meet people's needs. But what we shouldn't do is assume that food stamps and disability are bloated programs because so many people rely on them and then jump to cutting them back. Poor people don't disappear just because we slash the programs they rely on. They still struggle to get by. That's the lesson we should have learned over the past two decades.
Chicago is planning to shut down 54 schools this year—mostly affecting students of color. Read Allison Kilkenny's report on mass resistance to the closings.
Silex Labs originally posted the article WWX 2014 Speech: Bruno Garcia Flambe which links to the YouTube videos, Bruno's slides and a brief synopsis of the talk. Below are the videos and my own overview of the talk.
Overview
Bruno who is the JavaScript target maintainer, who also started Haxe Meme and wrote Flambe, a 2D game engine starts off by stating how Flambe has had amazing growth and adoption with over 200 commercial games built with Flambe. Bruno has a strong focus on developer UX, focused on tool integration and rapid development, which have undoubtedly contributed to its success.
Nickelodeon started evaluating HTML5 game engines in 2012 and today all new games are built with Flambe which has helped it go viral across the industry. Disney and Viacom, two of the top 4 media companies worldwide use Flambe. The top two toy companies worldwide, Hasbro and Mattel use Flambe, as well as CocaCola, Toyota, Spil Games and Mozilla.
Haxe is too mainstream!?!
Bruno puts the success on good HTML5 support with graceful enhancement, Flump which exports fla files to a GPU friendly format, its high performance, the native extensions and a focus on developer UX, by decently documenting code and all new API's must be documented.
He goes onto demonstrate a few code examples in AS3 versus Haxe and Flambe. The Haxe and Flambe versions are considerably shorter and succulent compared to their AS3 versions. He plans to implement features which users have been asking for, tile map loading, polygon rendering and video playback. One of the more interesting areas for me would be a new native app backend built with Lime.
Slides
Authorities are thanking a passerby who shot and killed a motorist fighting a deputy along a Florida interstate on Nov. 14. (Reuters)
The high-speed chase screeched to a halt just off Interstate 75, and Sheriff's Deputy Dean Bardes rushed to subdue the man he'd been pursuing through Lee County, Fla.
But the man got to him first.
On that morning in November, officials said, Edward Strother got the jump on the 12-year veteran officer. Strother hit Bardes in the face, stunning the deputy, who crumpled to the ground, officials said. Then Strother straddled the dazed lawman, pinning him to the asphalt as cars whizzed by, according to the Lee County state attorney's office, which reviewed the attack.
“Strother repeatedly delivered punches to Bardes' head and torso,” according to the review, “and attempted to gain control of Bardes' firearm.”
Kimberly Jenkinson, a Florida woman driving by at the time, told WINK News that the attacker “just started punching him and hitting and hitting and hitting. I was afraid for the police officer. I thought he was going to kill him.”
A few feet away, Ashad Russell, who had a concealed-carry permit, was also watching the attack unfold. Russell pulled his gun and approached, the review said. He told the attacker that “he would shoot Strother if he didn't stop beating the deputy.”
On the ground, the deputy “pled for help and asked that Russell shoot Strother.”
[‘You're helping her? I'm going to kill you': Good Samaritan shot while aiding a dying woman]
The events had begun a few minutes earlier, about 9:30 a.m. on Nov. 14.
Bardes and a Florida Highway Patrol trooper were at the scene of a car crash when Strother's Toyota Camry swerved and drove along the left shoulder at what seemed to be at least 100 miles per hour, nearly striking the officers, a witness told the News-Press.
Believing the near-crash was intentional, officials said, Bardes chased the Camry southbound on I-75 until the driver stopped and got out of his car at an off-ramp.
A photo taken by a passerby captured the officer's perilous situation moments later. The deputy was a few feet from the open door of his patrol cruiser. Strother's right hand was ready to deliver another punch.
The State Attorney's office says Strother ignored Russell's commands to stop beating the deputy. So Russell fired his gun three times, hitting Strother in the clavicle and the neck.
Strother was pronounced dead at a hospital a short time later.
On Tuesday, the state attorney's office ruled that the shooting was legally justified. Russell had a legal right to stand his ground under Florida law. He also used “defensive force” because he had “a reasonable fear of imminent peril of death or great bodily harm” to the deputy, the state attorney's office concluded. That makes Russell immune from criminal prosecution in the case.
Lee County Sheriff Mike Scott has hailed Russell as a hero, particularly as the nation has faced what he called “an increasingly alarming rise in attacks and killings perpetrated on cops.”
[A family has searched for a missing woman for months. They keep finding other people's bodies.]
The sheriff's office declined to comment about the state attorney's ruling Wednesday, referring a Washington Post reporter to a Facebook post shortly after the incident.
“I thank the hero that recognized the imminent threat, rushed to Deputy Bardes' aid, and ultimately stopped that threat,” Scott said on the department's Facebook page. “In a day and age where race is a near instant focus for media and other pundits in police incidents, the fact is that this hero happens to be a man of color who stopped another man of color from further harming or killing a white cop; thereby reminding us that black lives matter, blue lives matter, and indeed all life matters.”
But Strother's brother criticized the sheriff's response to Strother's death and questioned the details of the fight. “They are calling him a good Samaritan?” Louis Strother told the News-Press. “Was my brother armed?”
According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, 135 officers were killed in the line of duty in 2016, the highest number in five years. Of those, 64 were fatally shot in the line of duty, a 56 percent spike over the year before. Those include five officers killed in ambush attacks in Dallas and Baton Rouge last summer.
Overall, the number of officers killed in the line of duty has steadily declined since the early 1970s.
Read more:
A good Samaritan helped a woman who was being beaten in a parking lot. Now he's dead.
Video captures ‘horrific murder' of corrections officer ambushed while sitting inside her car
‘She exploited him with romance': Woman accused of faking cancer to steal thousands from boyfriend
After shootings, police fear being ‘a public target' — even at lunch
His Asperger's video was inspiring. His death by police was ‘nonsensical,' a lawsuit says.
Smoking anywhere inside New York City Housing Authority buildings, and in public housing across the country, will be illegal at some point during the next 18 months. The new rule, designed to to minimize health and fire risks, will impact 400,000 NYCHA residents, according to the advocacy group NYC Smoke-Free. Smoking causes 100,000 fires across the country every year, the Department of Housing and Urban Development said. "Living free from the dangers of secondhand smoke will no longer be a luxury out of reach for New Yorkers who depend on NYCHA public housing," said NYC Smoke-Free Director Patrick Kwan in a news release. Recommended Slideshows 4 Pictures PHOTOS: Singapore's treasures star in NY Botanical Garden's 2019 Orchid Show 4 Pictures 36 Pictures Oscars 2019: Red carpet looks and full list of winners 36 Pictures 36 Pictures All of these celebrities have had their nudes leaked 36 Pictures More picture galleries 16 Pictures These photos of Trump and Ivanka will make you deeply uncomfortable 16 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside Brooklyn's Teknopolis is tech that makes us more human 4 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside The Strand's Fight Against Being Named a New York City Landmark 4 Pictures Residents at the Dyckman Houses told Metro they support the measure. “Considering the fire over there last week, I'm totally for it,” 23-year resident Yvette Ortega said. Gordon Turner said he will be happy to say goodbye to the “smell of smoke in the hallways, and the bad mood,” it creates. Smokers' rights advocates contend that the law is a violation of rights. Related Articles E-cigarettes underutilized for smoking cessation Philadelphia e-cigarettes smoking ban now in effect Trying to quit smoking? E-cigarettes boost success rate "You're taking advantage of [the tenants'] position because they can't afford a private house so they can't smoke," Audrey Silk, founder of the New York City Citizens Lobbying Against Smoker Harassment told the New York Post last year. HUD Secretary Julian Castro said that the penalties will not include eviction. The agency is giving housing authorities up to 18 months to implement the ban. "We don't see this as a policy that is meant to end in a whole lot of evictions," Castro told reporters in a conference call this week.
A PENTECOSTAL pastor and reality TV star, whose sermons involved handling deadly snakes, has died from a bite.
Pastor Jamie Coots died on Saturday at his Kentucky home, local Police Chief Jeff Sharpe said.
Coots starred on reality television show Snake Salvation, which airs in the US on the National Geographic channel.
Coots had already lost a finger to snake bite, allowing it to rot and turn black on his hand, exposing the bone before it eventually broke off.
His wife Linda kept the blackened fingertip in a jar, telling Coots "I'll always have a piece of you wherever you go."
The Tennessean reports that Coots was found dead in his home at about 10pm on Saturday after a snake allegedly bit him in his Middlesboro church, Full Gospel Tabernacle in Jesus Name.
Chief Sharpe said Coots went home before emergency workers arrived at the church. When officials went to his house to urge Coots to seek medical care, he refused. Coots died about an hour later.
It was an aspect of his faith to believe in God's protection from the harmful effects of snakebite; praying rather than seeking medical attention. He had said on air that if he ever sought medical attention from a snakebite, he would quit the church.
Followers like the Coots family believe once they feel God's anointment overtaking them, they are protected from venomous snakes.
"When you handle serpents it's one of the best feelings I've felt in my life," Coots's wife says in the program. "It's like a peace and a calm and a happiness, such a happiness and a joy."
Coots's grandfather started the Church around 100 years ago and Coots has been a pastor there since 1994.
Almost a year ago, Coots pleaded guilty to violating Tennessee's exotic animals law, surrendering his vipers as part of a plea deal.
EFF has criticized Vietnam's crackdown on independent media and bloggers for years, including the imprisonment of Le Quoc Quan and attempts to spy on bloggers and journalists using malware. We are heartened to learn of last week's release of Vietnamese blogger Dieu Cay, but today we join with organizations including Viet Tan, Access, and PEN International to call on the Vietnamese government to immediately release blogger and activist Dang Xuan Dieu, who is serving a 13-year sentence for "attempting to overthrow the government" in response to his advocating for education for children living in poverty, aid to people with disability, and religious freedom in Vietnam. We are especially alarmed by reports Dieu's mistreatment in prison, including humiliation, beatings, and torture.
The mistreatment of Dieu must cease immediately and his unlawful imprisonment must end.
The full text of the letter is available below:
Though early Kinect patents showed its potential for sign language translation, Microsoft quashed any notion early on that this would become a proper feature. However, that hasn't stopped Redmond from continuing development of the idea. Microsoft Research Asia recently showed off software that allows the Kinect to read almost every American Sign Language gesture via hand tracking, even at conversational speeds. In addition to converting signs to text or speech, the software can also let a hearing person input text and "sign" it's using an on-screen avatar. All of this is still confined to a lab so far, but the researchers hope that one day it'll open up new lines of communication between the hearing and deaf -- a patent development we could actually get behind. See its alacrity in the video after the break.
Berlin-based Neufund has raised €2 million from Christoph Maire's Atlantic Labs, Klaas Kersting and a group of superangels. Neufund will use the funding to build an open platform for investors to acquire startup equity in the form of tradable crypto tokens.
Blockchain-based startups can, in theory, raise funds within hours directly from the crypto community investors in initial coin offerings (ICOs). Last year, such companies have received more than $250 million in funding through ICOs. The issued coins (or tokens) can then be traded freely on cryptocurrency exchanges.
There remains, however, scepticism amongst many traditional VCs that this arrangement will lead to successful startups. That said, blockchain enthusiasts are heralding this type of development as a revolutionary way to raise money and realise value for startups and investors alike.
“In venture capital, both startups and investors have an almost illiquid asset position – transaction costs in and out of a company are very high. Money flows slowly – it takes about 5 years for a founder or a VC to capitalize on an exit, and about 10 years for an LP to get a return from a VC investment”, said Zoe Adamovicz, CEO and co-founder at Neufund.
Before Neufund, Adamovicz was one of the founders of the app search engine Xyo, acquired by NASDAQ-listed Mandalay in 2014.
Neufund offers a legal and technical solution that bridges company shares and blockchain-based tokens. “The transaction costs for issuing and managing such tokens are close to zero, investors can buy and trade equity in private companies and it makes essentially illiquid assets immediately liquid”, said Adamovicz.
The blockchain-based platform that Neufund is building creates a new type of ownership that is neither money nor stock, but crypto tokens which represent equity and at the same time are as liquid as a currency. Such tokens have an intrinsic value to the network, but at the same time they also represent value of the business operating in the real – off-chain – world.
Neufund today also released a whitepaper on its website detailing its vision to investors and the crypto community. The company also published an animated video to show how the fund works.
If you want to graduate from high school in North Dakota, you better start buffing up on your American history and government.
Lawmakers in North Dakota unveiled legislation Monday that would require high school students to get 60 questions right on a 100-question civics test before they graduate. These range from the number of justices on the Supreme Court to the number of amendments to the Constitution. Immigrants hoping to become US citizens must correctly answer six of 10 questions randomly chosen from the 100-question test.
North Dakota is the latest state mulling a requirement that students pass a citizenship test before they're handed a diploma. At least seven other states are considering similar measures. It's part of a broad effort to increase youth civic engagement, at a time when many worry that students know more about Taylor Swift than Zachary Taylor.
“The people who favor this have widely differing political beliefs,” said North Dakota first lady Betsy Dalrymple when announcing the measure on Monday. “But they share the belief that it is important for all Americans to know about the first principles of our constitutional government."
But some are skeptical that a citizenship test is the best way to get students excited about US government and politics. Others question whether the US citizenship test is the most logical way to promote youth engagement.
“The solution is not more testing of everything. We already have excessive testing going on in schools,” says Marya Levenson, director of the education program at Brandeis University in Waltham, Mass.
Ms. Levenson – a former high school civics teacher herself – says schools should foster dialogue around unresolved issues such as immigration and gay marriage.
“The controversies are what really engage our students. We need to present multiple sides and ask our students to think themselves about how they would begin to resolve it,” Levenson says.
Even if a test can bolster students' knowledge of government, the US citizenship test may not be the test for the job, says Darrell West, director of governance studies at the Brookings Institution, a Washington-based think tank.
“These types of tests evaluate encyclopedia knowledge,” Mr. West says, adding that the citizenship test “doesn't really focus on broad issues or controversies, which tend to be the things that engage people in the political process.”
West points to the College Board's government test as a more reliable tool to evaluate students' mastery of civics.
The citizenship test given to new Americans is far from perfect. It isn't a reliable measure of civics knowledge, according to a 2011 Michigan State University study, and political scientists say one question the US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) put on the test could be incorrect – it implies the vice president is a member of the president's Cabinet.
“USCIS doesn't have any data that they offer to the public about this test in the way that testing companies would talk about their tests,” says Paula Winke, a professor at Michigan State University and author of the 2011 study. That means that, to determine whether or not the test they offer is reliable, states would have to run their own analyses.
Supporters say a civics test is a step toward bolstering civics education in American schools. The exam is meant to be informative, not punitive, says Sam Stone, spokesperson for the Civics Education Initiative, the nonprofit pushing the test nationwide. Students would be able to take the test until they pass.
Announcing the legislation in North Dakota, Ms. Dalrymple said many students struggle with basic US history. Dalrymple cited studies showing many students don't know that George Washington was the first US president.
“Every new citizen has to demonstrate this knowledge, so this is creating a community standard of what we want everyone to know,” Mr. Stone says. “This is a basic test.”
Schools would have flexibility in giving the test, Stone adds, meaning students could wind up taking anything from a 10-question verbal exam to a 100-question written test.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
North Dakota legislators will take up the bill in January. South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Utah are all considering adopting the test as well, Stone told the AP.
Think you could pass the test? Take the Monitor's US citizenship test to find out.
Suzanne Barakat lost three of her family members last year when a man named Craig Stephen Hicks fatally gunned them down.
Hicks lived in the same Chapel Hill apartment complex as Barakrat's brother Deah Barakat, 23, and Deah's new wife, Yusor Abu-Salha, 21. On Feb. 10, 2015, Hicks walked into the couple's apartment, shooting Deah multiple times, including one shot through his mouth. He killed Yusor ― and Yusor's 19-year-old sister Razan Abu-Salha, who was over for dinner ― execution-style.
“They were murdered by their neighbor because of their faith, because of a piece of cloth they chose to don on their heads, because they were visibly Muslim,” Barakrat said in a powerful TED speech last month, a video of which was posted online Monday.
Barakat recalled the anger she felt after hearing Hicks claim that the murders were over a parking dispute, and the anger she felt hearing that claim being parroted by police and the media.
When white men commit acts of violence in the U.S., they're lone wolves, mentally ill or driven by a parking dispute.”
“Some of the rage I felt at the time was that if roles were reversed, and an Arab, Muslim or Muslim-appearing person had killed three white American college students execution-style, in their home, what would we have called it? A terrorist attack,” Barakat said.
“When white men commit acts of violence in the U.S., they're lone wolves, mentally ill or driven by a parking dispute.”
Hicks, after all, had once allegedly told Yusor he didn't like the way she dressed. He posted anti-religion remarks on Facebook. Plus, there was no parking dispute that day, Barakat said. Nothing to set Hicks off.
Bakarat said she wanted the world to know: this was a hate crime.
That's when she said a neighbor of her parents, a man named Neal, stopped by the house. Neal was a journalist and offered to set up a press conference for the family. Not as a journalist, but as a neighbor who just wanted to help.
Within a day after the press conference Neal set up, Barakat was interviewed on CNN. All the major newspapers picked up on the story too, Barakat said, “allowing us to reclaim the narrative and call attention to the mainstreaming of anti-Muslim hatred.”
Anadolu Agency via Getty Images
A few months after Hicks' triple murder, Donald Trump announced his candidacy for president, helping to usher in a new era of vile, anti-Muslim political speech in America. He's since called for a ban on Muslims and a database of Muslims. He said “Islam hates us.”
“These days, it feels like Islamophobia is a socially acceptable form of bigotry,” Barakat said. “We just have to put up with it and smile. The nasty stares, the palpable fear when boarding a plane, the random pat downs at airports that happen 99 percent of the time.”
She added that it's “no coincidence that hate crimes rise in parallel with election cycles.” In fact, 2015 saw some 260 anti-Muslim hate crimes, an 80 percent rise from 2014, and the highest number since 2001.
The Huffington Post has also documented nearly 300 incidents of anti-Muslim violence, discrimination, policy and political speech so far in 2016. Last month, three men in Kansas ― two of whom expressed support for Trump ― were arrested in a plot to kill Muslims because of their faith. Also last month, another Trump supporter was arrested in Los Angeles for threatening to kill Muslims.
What America desperately needs now, Barakat said in her speech, is more Neals: non-Muslim allies who will step up and help their Muslim neighbors and speak out against Islamophobia when they see it.
“Many neighbors appeared in this story,” Barakat told the TED audience. “And you, in your respective communities, all have a Muslim neighbor, colleague or friend your child plays with at school. Reach out to them. Let them know you stand with them in solidarity. It may feel really small, but I promise you it makes a difference.”
In a Facebook post Monday, Barakat explained the urgency of her message.
“In a time when someone like Trump could become our president, it is important to share with people the deadly cost of hate,” she wrote.
Before their deaths, Deah and Yusor were raising funds to provide dental relief to Syrian refugees in Turkey. Deah, Yusor and Razan's families have since come together to start the Three Winners Endowment Fund, which will “create a sustainable model to fund similar projects, honoring their legacy of dedication to service and education for years to come.” At the time of publishing, the families have raised nearly $650,000 towards a $1,000,000 goal. You can donate here.
No one was seriously injured when a Lexus sedan crashed into the AAA building on Marginal Way in Portland on Tuesday morning.
The crash happened at 10:24 a.m. when the driver apparently pressed the accelerator instead of the brake and launched into the side of the building with such force it was felt on the fifth floor, said workers at the building. The building houses the headquarters and local offices for AAA of Northern New England.
Police said the driver was an 80-year-old woman but did not immediately release her name. Witnesses said she was shaken up but appeared to be OK.
The driver had come to the building to make arrangements for a trip, according to Pat Moody, spokesman for AAA of Northern New England.
Robin Tucker, who sells life insurance for the automobile and travel organization, was sitting at his desk on the other side of the wall when he heard the engine revving loudly.
“I heard a rev. I glanced up … and saw her coming at me,” Tucker said. He was able to move slightly so when the car buckled the wall, his desk hit him on the side of the leg.
“The car came flying at me and then there was glass everywhere and dust. We're both staring at each other through the window,” Tucker said of the driver. “She was totally shocked.”
Several employees came into the area after they heard the crash but he urged them to leave because it did not appear safe.
“There was lots of glass and falling ceiling tiles,” he said.
Tucker said he wasn't hurt, though the experience was intense.
“I may take a long lunch break,” he said.
The Lexus ES350 was removed after a structural engineer examined the building and determined that it was safe.
Share
Following more than two years of research and development, the Danish art collective N55 has presented its modular cargo cycles : the two-wheeled XYZ Cargo Bike (90 kg loading capacity) and the three-wheeled XYZ Cargo Trike (150 kg loading capacity). The assembled versions sell online for about half the price of similar cargo cycles on the market. Because their design is open and modular, the XYZ Cargo Cycles are even cheaper to build yourself, and easy to customize.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Article also available in French. Picture: The modular XYZ Cargo Trike by N55.
XYZ Cargo brings together two technologies that have been praised at Low-tech Magazine: open modular hardware and cargo cycles. Modular consumer products, whose parts and components could be re-used for the design of other products, would bring important benefits in terms of sustainability, while they would also save consumers money, speed up innovation, and take manufacturing out of the hands of multinationals.
Cargo cycles, on the other hand, could handle an important part of cargo traffic in cities, paving the way towards sustainable and free-flowing traffic, while at the same time offering important economic advantages to tradesmen, artisans and service providers. The open modular cargo cycles built by N55 in collaboration with designer/artist Till Wolfer combine all those benefits.
Innovation
The market for cargo bikes is booming. This was the overall feeling at the International Cargo Bike Festival in Nijmegen (the Netherlands) and at the Berliner Fahrradschau in Germany this spring. The sales figures are skyrocketing and there is plenty of innovation going on.
A growing number of vehicles features an auxiliary electric motor, while many cargo trikes are now available with tilting mechanisms for fast cornering. Another innovation concerns the steering mechanism; several manufacturers have presented systems that obviate the need for a conventional fork, allowing for better control and increased cargo space.
The Elian Cargo Bike, with steering in the front hub.
Unfortunately, these innovative vehicles often come with a hefty price tag. The prettiest cargo cycles such as the Elian Cargo Bike (a racing version of a cargo bike with steering in the front hub), or the electrically assisted Butchers & Bicycles MK1 (with tilting mechanism) set you back at least four or five thousand euro ($ 5000 - $ 7000), without any options.
These cycles are well worth the money, but they are obviously not within reach of everybody. Less fancy cargo cycles still have minimum prices of around 2,500 euro ($ 3,500).
Modular Cargo Cycles
This is why the affordable XYZ Cargo Cycles deserve our special attention. The assembled versions of the XYZ Cargo Bike and XYZ Cargo Trike sell online for 1,350 euro and 1,600 euro, respectively ($ 1900 - $ 2,220), which is about half the price of similar cargo cycles on the market. However, the cycles are not less interesting or innovative, on the contrary. For example, they feature a revolutionary steering mechanism inspired by motorcycles, which increases the cargo space considerably.
The low price is largely due to the modular nature of the vehicles. The XYZ Cargo Cycles are not built in a traditional way. Unlike the singular load-bearing tube seen in conventional bike structures, the main structure is an orthogonal spaceframe of standard aluminum square tubes of varying lengths in which holes are drilled.
The spaceframe is based on XYZ Nodes, which is a modular construction system developed by N55. It builds upon an old, well-known principle of joining timber or steel struts together. Structurally, the connection system shares similarities with lashed joints used for example in the traditional wooden frames seen in inuit kayaks, or with rivet constructions such as airplane hulls or old ship hulls.
The XYZ Cargo Bike.
It's a simple method of building light-weight things from durable materials in a low-cost way. XYZ Nodes forms rigid corners that become flexible when exposed to forces that would break other joining methods like a welded joint. The consequence is that it allows for rigid frames relying on corner connections that are not necessarily triangulated for greater strength, hereby leaving a free open space inside the frame. This made it possible to place gear wheels and chains within the frame, away from the users.
Easy to Build and Customize
The cargo cycles are open source concepts which you can modify yourself. The designs -- including any new construction principle used in the system -- and the XYZ construction and connection principle are open source provided under the rules of Creative Commons CC BY-NC-SA 3.0. Users are free to use available designs, as long as it is for non-commercial purposes and any use of the work includes proper credits.
This means that you can obtain the cycles even cheaper if you buy standard aluminium tubes and cycle parts, available all over the world, and build the cycle yourself. The frame is assembled using stainless steel bolts, washers and nuts. The assembling requires only simple hand-held, non-specialized tools, like a drill and a metal saw. No welding process is required.
Like all modular systems, XYZ nodes enable people to build things based on the principle of a few different parts repeatedly used to create an overall structure, similar to construction sets like Lego, Meccano and Erector. Because of the open and modular design, the XYZ Cargo Cycles are easy to customize and to rebuild. For example, a cover or a body to improve wind resistance and protect from the weather can be applied -- turning the cargo cycle into a velomobile.
The modular XYZ Cargo Trike.
Several modules have been developed that can be put on top of the XYZ Cargo Trike to transform its functionality: a roof and table module, a passenger seat module, a kitchen module with table, roof and sink, and a platform module. The latter transforms the cargo cycle into a 1.5 x 3 m large movable space, while from a legal point of view remaining a bicycle. The platform module was used to create a ParkCycle Swarm, which empowers people to build an instant public park whenever and wherever they want to.
N55 is not a commercial enterprise, but a non-profit organization that aims to restore local production in a socially just and environmentally sustainable way. This is another reason for the modest prices. All the money earned with the sale of cycles will be invested in the further development of the technology. N55 gives away the building plans and offers the assembled bikes for a low price because they want to see as many of them on the road.
Available Models and Free Plans
The freshly opened webshop of XYZ Cargo offers two models for sale. The XYZ Cargo Bike weighs 26 kg and measures 245 x 56 x 105 cm (LxWxH), while the XYZ Cargo Trike weighs 34 kg and measures 208 x 94 x 105 cm (LxWxH). The cargo box of the Trike measures 55 x 80 cm and the plating is made of transparant Polycarbonate sheets. Both cargo models can be equipped with electric hub motors and batteries.
Two other vehicles have been produced, the XYZ One Seater (20 kg) and the XYZ Two Seater (34 kg). These pedal powered vehicles (with or without electric assist motor) are recumbent tricycles with one or two seats. The Two Seater can also be equipped with a cargo platform instead of a second seat. These cycles are not for sale, but the open designs are online at N55's website. The XYZ One Seater's construction drawings are available for download here and those for the XYZ Two Seaters are here.
See and read more: XYZ Cargo / XYZ Spaceframe Vehicles / N55. And don't miss the Eight-Wheeler Cargo Cycle, which got most of the attention at the Cargo Bike events.
Kris De Decker & Jo van Bostraeten
Related Articles:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RUSSIAVILLE, Ind. (AP) _ Twenty-one youngsters whose parents don't want them in class with AIDS victim Ryan White began attending an alternative school Tuesday in a former American Legion hall.
″The presence of Ryan makes me very nervous,″ said Chad Gabbard, 12, a seventh-grader who said he had two classes with Ryan at Western Middle School.
″I'm afraid if I go to (public) school - they don't know much about AIDS - I might get it,″ said Jennifer Byers, whose father, Charles, is one of the alternative program's organizers.
Byers and Dean Leicht established the Russiaville Home Study School for sixth- and seventh-grade pupils after a judge dissolved an injunction on April 10 and allowed Ryan to return to the seventh grade.
Ryan, who contracted acquired immune deficiency syndrome through blood products used to treat his hemophilia, is from Kokomo but is assigned to Western Middle School in rural Russiaville.
Health officials have said repeatedly that AIDS cannot be transmitted through casual contact, but some parents believe there is no guarantee against that.
Things were normal Tuesday at Western Middle School, said Principal Ronald Colby. ″I'm sure there's some psychological or emotional thing for some of the kids because they may have a friend who is no longer in the school,″ he said.
″I feel a lot of compassion for those people,″ Colby said. ″I know some of those kids. And they are afraid. ... I'm glad they have been able to help those children who were afraid.″
He said 20 of 364 students had been officially withdrawn from his school, but he had no concrete attendance figures for Tuesday. Six weeks remain on the current term.
Also Tuesday, attorney David Rosselot, who represents parents opposed to Ryan's presence in the classroom, filed a notice of appeal asking Clinton Circuit Judge Jack R. O'Neill to stay the order returning Ryan to class.
Leicht said the alternative school was ″not a protest″ but ″a very positive action.″ He said the children will get more personal attention at the new school, which has two teachers, and the atmosphere will be more conducive to learning.
The cost and trouble ″is not much,″ said Leicht, ″if you weigh that against your kid contracting AIDS and possibly dying.″
The two instructors at the school have not been identified and reporters were not permitted inside the building, the former Floyd Marshall American Legion Post, located between an auto parts store and a pizza restaurant.
Joe DiLaura of the state Department of Education said nothing under state law prevented the parents from starting their school, as long as they ″receive equivalent instruction to what they would receive in the public schools.″
″We do not have any authority under the law to monitor the program,″ said DiLaura, adding that it was up to local officials to make sure attendance laws are followed.
Colby said teachers at his school have been helping the two instructors by providing information on programs that would be taught over the next six weeks. ″We'll provide them with as much help as possible without serving as a tutorial for them,″ he said.
″We're just interested in the kids' education and well being,″ he said.
Ryan spent one day at school on Feb. 21 after a county health officer certified him healthy enough to return to school, ending a legal fight that began last summer when Western Schools Superintendent J.O. Smith said he would not allow the boy back in school.
But a temporary restraining order sought by the parents was issued later that day, keeping Ryan from attending until O'Neill overturned it.
AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome, is an affliction in which a virus attacks the body's immune system, leaving victims susceptible to a wide variety of infections and cancers.
As of Monday, it had struck 19,818 people in the United States and claimed 10,408 lives, according to the government's Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta.
Some on the Left think "manliness" is something they must eradicate. "Manning up" they say is a toxic idea that causes violence. Their solution isn't to understand men but to emasculate them. A film now running the college circuit is a good example. The 2015 documentary is called The Mask You Live In. (Its trailer has received over five million views on YouTube.) This film says the “three most destructive words” a boy can hear are “be a man.”
Its “experts” claim that telling boys to be men, or to “man up,” pressures them to do violence because “respect is linked to violence.” In the film, Psychiatrist Dr. James Gilligan says that “whether it's homicidal violence or suicidal violence, people resort to such desperate behavior only when they are feeling shame or humiliated, or feel they would be if they didn't prove that they were real men.”
As Gilligan says these things headlines on suicides and murder-suicides flash on the screen.
As I watched this I wondered, isn't a real man supposed to be a gentleman? Doesn't a gentleman show poise under pressure, protect the weak and live by values that respect all life?
Wouldn't this film be better, and more effective, if it acknowledged this greater truth and instead focused on the destructive gang and other subcultures now harming some of our youth? Aren't a lot of the youth now being recruited by gangs coming from fatherless households?
By telling the truth about what manliness really is and ideally should be—that it is about being a gentlemen—couldn't this documentary have instead offered real solutions? Instead it only misunderstands and condemns what boys naturally do: try to prove themselves to thereby grow into men.
If people, like this film's producer, don't give boys ways to prove themselves in controlled ways with real role models—sports can be a good example of this when the coach or coaches are role models themselves—then they will simply find ways to do this on their own. It isn't bad that young men have aggression, that's normal; what is bad is when they use that aggression in harmful ways. Real rites of passage, such as those used in sports and the Boy Scouts, have always channeled boys' aggression in positive directions.
The Mask You Live In was written, directed and produced by Jennifer Siebel Newsom. Newsom is married to former San Francisco mayor and current lieutenant governor of California, Gavin Newsom. It premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival. Newsom says her inspiration for making the film came when she had a son. She said, “It was really important to me that I could nurture a son who could be true to his authentic self, who wouldn't always feel like he had to prove his masculinity. There's so much loneliness, pain, and suffering when one is pretending to be someone that they're not.”
Newsom seems unable to understand that boys (and girls) do need to prove themselves and that it is up to mature adults to show them safe, responsible ways to accomplish this that will build their character. (My book, This Will Make a Man of You, explores and defines these very important rites of passage designed to build us into all we can be.)
Instead of trying to understand masculinity, this film uses stereotypes to condemn manliness.
“[Boys] really buy into a culture that doesn't value what we feminize,” says scholar Dr. Niobe Way in the documentary's trailer. “If we are in a culture that doesn't value caring, doesn't value relationships, doesn't value empathy, you are going to have boys and girls, men and women go crazy.”
So Dr. Way thinks that masculine men, or gentleman, don't value caring, relationships or empathy? She thinks these are only feminine virtues? Men, to her, when they are away from women are unfeeling monsters? Dr. Way, you need to do some field research. Go anywhere that men gather and you'll see fathers with their sons and daughters and with their pals and, yes, you'll see caring, relationships and empathy.
This documentary is emblematic of the views we now on display in much of academia. It is fashionable to attack manliness. I only wish they would try to understand it.
Some college students have been pushing back. Gettysburg College freshman James Goodman told The College Fix the film made “it seems like masculinity was an unacceptable human trait.” Following the film, Goodman took part in a group discussion with older student moderators. He said they “attempted to tie Sandy Hook and the Aurora shooting into being a result of toxic masculinity…. The entire movie and lesson made it seem like masculinity was an unacceptable human trait. That it's something males should avoid.”
Newsom's first documentary was Miss Representation, a 2011 film that interweaves stories from teenage girls to argue the media under-represents women in influential positions and thereby pushes limited and often disparaging portrayals of women. The film's motto, “You can't be what you can't see,” emphasizes the message that young women need positive role models.
If she understands that women need positive role models, why can't she also understand that boys and men do as well? Why didn't she look for real answers instead of playing up stereotypes while condemning what is good with what isn't?
David Moyes has said that Liverpool are favourites for their game with Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday, though the manager claimed that Brendan Rodgers's team have benefited from not playing in Europe this season.
Moyes's declaration that United are underdogs against Liverpool is the first time in a generation the Merseyside club have been billed as favourites by a manager of the 20-times champions. United's domination over their fierce rivals has secured them 13 titles since Liverpool won their last in 1990, with Moyes's predecessor, Sir Alex Ferguson, leading the club to all of these.
Asked if it was accurate to suggest Liverpool are favourites on Sunday, Moyes said: "It may well be. Their league position suggests they're ahead of us. They possibly do come here favourites."
Liverpool are 11 points better off than United and seven behind the leaders, Chelsea, who have played a match more. Yet Moyes claimed that Liverpool's fixture list at the opening of the season and the lack of continental competition has aided their campaign. The Scot previously complained about United's own start, which included playing Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester City in their first five matches, while Rodgers's side faced only United of the potential title contenders in the corresponding run.
Moyes said: "Liverpool and Brendan might have benefited from being out of Europe. Certainly this year we think it's been a big benefit. I think Liverpool were an improving side last year. A lot of people questioned it but I always felt they would be there or thereabouts.
"Their fixture list … gave them a great opportunity to start the season well. They've grown in confidence from that and securing [Luis] Suárez on a new contract has been a big boost for the club."
Despite his comments about Liverpool, Moyes, left, does not want United to miss out on continental competition. "I'm planning to be in Europe. I want to be in Europe and I'm planning to win the games to get in there," the Scot said.
After Liverpool, United hope to overturn a 2-0 deficit against Olympiakos in the Champions League before the Manchester derby on Tuesday. "Positive results would make a big, big difference if we could do that and we will try and do so. People could change their views. But I can only take one game at a time," Moyes said. "You know what we are. We are a work in progress. But I hope we can show what we are capable of in those games. We are capable of winning those games. The players have shown it to me recently. Definitely with the exception of Olympiakos game I think we have played quite well."
With 10 matches left Moyes is confident his side can have a successful end to the campaign. "I think Manchester United have always been in strong positions coming into the end of the season. We're maybe not in as strong a position as we'd like to be but I think in every other season they've been very good at this stage coming into the final furlong. We've got big games coming up this month."
A win over Liverpool would provide a welcome fillip. "It would be a big boost," Moyes said. "It would be an important three points. I think everybody knows the importance of Manchester United-Liverpool games. We've played them twice this year – once in the league and once in the cup. They've been tight games."
Moyes believes the match remains the nation's biggest game. "I think it is. There has been great history between the two clubs over a long period. It's the biggest club game in the Premier League," he said. "As I said before there has been great rivalry between the two clubs. Liverpool are having a very good season. They're our next game at home and we have to do all we possibly can to beat them.
"Every game of football is always important and any game that features Manchester United and Liverpool is a massively important game."
However Moyes is not interested in denting Liverpool's attempt to win a first championship in 24 years. "My biggest goal is not affecting their title challenge, my biggest goal is to get Manchester United winning the title," the manager said. "That is my goal and will be my goal every year I am in the job. Will it be to stop others winning the league? No that won't mean much to me. The important thing is us winning our games."
DISCUSSION Judge Garland would not excite many liberal Democrats, but he has long been considered a likely Supreme Court nominee if one of the conservative-held seats came open during a Democratic presidency when Republicans controlled the Senate — the situation now. But Mr. Obama may view him as too old; presidents often like to appoint younger justices in the hope of locking down the seat for a longer time.
Image Attorney General Kamala D. Harris of California in 2015. She is the first black person, Asian-American and woman to hold the job. Credit Jae C. Hong/Associated Press
Kamala D. Harris
AGE 51.
CURRENT ROLE Attorney general, State of California.
BACKGROUND Black and Indian- American woman. Born in California. Attended the University of California, Hastings College of the Law. A longtime state prosecutor.
DISCUSSION Ms. Harris would diversify the Supreme Court, but she is already running to succeed Senator Barbara Boxer, a Democrat who is retiring this year. Because Ms. Harris has a good chance of being elected senator and there is a significant risk that Republicans would block her confirmation to the Supreme Court, she may be unwilling to drop out of the Senate race to become Mr. Obama's nominee.
Image Judge Adalberto J. Jordan, who was born in Havana, Cuba, would be the second Hispanic and first Cuban-American justice on the Supreme Court. Credit Miami Law Review
Adalberto J. Jordan
AGE 54.
CURRENT ROLE Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit.
BACKGROUND Hispanic man. Born in Cuba. Attended University of Miami School of Law. Clerked for Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, a Reagan appointee. A former federal prosecutor. Appointed to Federal District Court by President Bill Clinton in 1999 and elevated to the appellate court by Mr. Obama in 2012. Confirmed 94 to 5, with 41 Republicans voting in favor.
DISCUSSION Judge Jordan would be the second Hispanic and first Cuban-American justice on the Supreme Court. The White House may calculate that a decision by Republicans to block him could have political consequences in places with sizable Latino voting populations — including his home state of Florida, a swing state in presidential elections, which also has a Senate election this year.
The NHL draft is not the only opportunity that the Montreal Canadiens have to add prospects out of junior hockey to their development pipeline. Ryan Johnston, Markus Eisenschmid, and Michael McNiven are all examples of undrafted players who were dubbed either “too small,” “too slow,” or some other dismissive qualifier.
They were each passed over in the NHL draft, but were then extended a tryout opportunity by the Canadiens at the team's development camp, based on the evaluation of the amateur scouting team, led by Trevor Timmins.
McNiven appeared at development camp in 2015, and is currently among the top goaltenders in the OHL and should be making his pro debut next season. Johnston is occupying one of the 23 spots on the Canadiens' NHL roster.
The biggest success story to follow this path to the Canadiens is undoubtedly David Desharnais, who attended rookie camp in 2007 and turned it into a long and successful NHL career.
The Canadiens have continuously followed the tryout path, trying to dig out the diamonds in the rough, and did so this past season as well. Sixteen players were extended an invitation to the development camp in July and out of those, six then attended the rookie camp in September, and although they didn't earn contracts, one would assume that the organization is watching them closely.
Fiore is probably the most notable of this group, playing his over-age junior season for the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. The forward currently leads the League in goal-scoring with 36 markers in 41 games, and is currently ninth in league points with a total of 60, which includes a five-goal, six-point game in December.
The 20 year-old Laval-native probably has a good shot at signing with the Canadiens, as he is proving to have intriguing offensive talent at the Junior level, has showed progress every season, and would be a great marquee player for the newly formed Laval Rocket of the American Hockey League.
Petrus Palmu
One of the more polarizing tryouts was Palmu, a 5'7” Finnish-born forward who is an offensive standout for the Owen Sound Attack of the OHL. He is in the midst of his third consecutive 20-plus-goal season, and has already reached a career high in points halfway through the season. With 26 goals and 54 points in 38 games, he ranks 12th in scoring in the league.
Remarkably fast, he's constantly out to prove himself due to the perception that height is one of the most important characteristics for a hockey player. He took part in the 2017 World Junior Hockey Championship with Team Finland, however found himself benched as the team spiralled toward disaster, and had no points in six games played.
A fast skater, a skilled stick-handler, and a strong passer, Palmu has the toolbox to disprove the perception of a small professional hockey player, however it will remain an uphill struggle at any level.
Guillaume Asselin
Asselin is an interesting case, as he was the only rookie camp invitee who did not attend the development camp. He was in fact a last-minute replacement for Martin Réway, who was unable to attend due to a medical condition that will keep him off the ice for the entire season.
Asselin is not an over-ager in junior hockey like the rest, but rather a 24-year-old who completed his junior career and, rather than pursue his professional dream, went on to play at the Canadian university level for Université de Québec à Trois-Rivières.
He was the highest scorer in the CIS in 2015-16, with 27 goals and 47 points in 28 games, and won the 2016 Canadian Inter-University Player of the Year.
This season he has so far earned 21 points in 15 games. Unfortunately, his season was slow to get started as he was slashed in the ankle in a pre-season game, which forced him to miss the first month. He will represent Canada at the 2017 Winter Universiade: a global competition that brings together the best university players from around the world to a single event. By March, he will have finished his university studies, and will be looking to sign a professional contract, although at his age anything past an AHL deal would be an over-achievement.
Scott Eansor
Eansor is another forward finding some success in his over-age season in the junior ranks, leading the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League in points, with 37 in 38 games. The Thunderbirds captain was part of the 2016 gold-medal winning USA team at the World Junior Hockey Championship, giving him the leadership experience that Marc Bergevin covets the most in players in his organization.
Hayden McCool
Considered a “prototypical power forward” in his style of play, McCool has struggled this season, seeing a dramatic decrease in production with the OHL's Windsor Spitfires. He's put up only 11 points in 42 games despite the team's strong standing. The team is headed to the Memorial Cup this season, so he will have an opportunity to leave his mark there. Where McCool might find success at the professional level is using his 6'3” frame to cause disruptions in front of the net.
Micheal Zipp
Zipp is the only defenceman out of this group. The Calgary Hitmen captain is a very tough stay-at-home defenceman (i.e. limited offensive potential). He's known more for his fists than his hands, racking up close to 100 penalty minutes in the previous two seasons, and likely on his way to hit that total once again.
In 45 games thus far he has scored four goals and added 15 assists. He has a -21 plus-minus rating. The Canadiens need to strengthen their defensive depth for next season, and adding the gritty defenceman might suit the organization's style at the AHL level, although they should probably aim for a better puck-moving option during the off-season.
There is obviously no rule, written or unspoken, that tryouts are tied to a particular organization. All of these players could potentially reappear in the Habs organization towards the end of the season, for example as players who sign an amateur tryout (ATO) with the St. John's IceCaps. They are, of course, also able to sign with any other organization as well, as was the case with 2015 Habs tryout Dryden Hunt, who signed with the Florida Panthers. There is also Reid Duke, probably the most impressive tryout at the Habs development camp this past summer, who ended up at the New York Rangers‘ rookie camp in the fall.
Inversely, the Canadiens are also known for signing tryouts from other organizations, notably Charlie Lindgren who received a tryout with the Minnesota Wild in 2015 and is currently the starter for Montreal's AHL affiliate.
Listen to Andrew weekly on TSN 690 Radio Sundays at 8:05am on Habs Breakfast, part of Weekend Game Plan.
Duncan Black comments on the insane reader mail I've gotten this week:
For as long as I can remember, the Republicans were the serious daddy party, and the Democrats were the dirty hippie hysterical mommy party.
If you look past the crude gender stereotype, the mommy party/daddy party frame is actually a useful way to think about politics. Government needs to uplift the poor and protect the vulnerable; it also needs to be mindful of resource limitations, encourage productivity, and conduct its own operations efficiently.
Two parties that put different weight on these values can have productive debates about making government better. But Republicans today are not holding up their end of the division of labor.
If Republicans were once the daddy party, now they're the abusive ex-husband with a substance abuse problem party.
Instead of telling hard truths, Republicans are wildly misleading voters, both about policy ("America is going to be destroyed by Obamacare") and political reality ("Democrats are feeling the heat" because Republicans shut down the government).
Instead of warning about resource limitations, Republicans are manufacturing them. President Obama's deficit spending did not result in the debt crisis that conservatives warned it would, so Republicans have been actively trying to create one by making dangerous threats over the debt ceiling.
Republicans have abandoned the pretense of trying to run the government like an efficient business. What kind of business periodically tells its workers they won't get paid but they should keep working, and clients that it's going to shut down operations for a while with no clarity on when they will resume?
With Republicans having gone completely off the rails, Democrats have been left trying to play the role of mommy and daddy at the same time.
It's Democrats who are mindful of the financial markets and striving to avoid roiling them with the prospect of payment default. It's Democrats who are finding ways to control health care costs. It's President Obama who is trying to get Republicans to cut a deal to slow the growth of old-age entitlement spending.
This makes me wonder: Why aren't more business interests breaking with Republicans? Groups like the Chamber of Commerce are expressing irritation with Republicans over the government shutdown and debt ceiling brinksmanship, but they're not taking the obvious next step and aligning with Democrats.
Republicans' role as the "daddy party" and the party of business have always been closely linked: Daddy's restraint is what stops the government from sinking the economy when it tries to provide nice things to the public. Now that daddy is drunk and beating the children, it's time for business to throw its support behind mommy.
Europe's largest low-cost airline, Ryanair, will enter the Bosnian market this year by introducing flights to Banja Luka. It comes following protracted talks with the government of the Entity of Republika Srpska in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The carrier will introduce two weekly services from Charleroi Airport in Belgium, each Monday and Friday, starting October 29, as well as from Memmingen in Germany from October 30, each Tuesday and Saturday. The Prime Minister of the entity, Željka Cvijanović, has said that "several additional destinations will also be launched" by the airline in the coming period. Tickets for the new routes are already available for purchase through the carrier's website.
Commenting on the new route, Ryanair's Sales and Marketing Executive for Belgium, Helene Begasse, said, “We are pleased to announce a new Brussels Charleroi to Banja Luka route commencing this November. This new route marks Ryanair's entry into Bosnia and Herzegovina, and wi…
Brewster Kahle, completist Freedom For IP It's no secret that print media is struggling. Devices like the Kindle and iPad seem to point to a world without ink on paper as being not only possible, but practical as well.
Brewster Kahle, who has previously found success with a number of Internet technologies like the Internet Archive, is attempting to collect every book ever published in an effort to preserve them for the future.
"The idea is to be able to collect one copy of every book ever published. We're not going to get there, but that's our goal," he told the Associated Press.
He wants to store them in order to preserve them from a future where digital content has made physical printed materials worthless. To be clear, he is very much in favor of digitization, but simply feels that digitization does not render the physical object obsolete.
He's off to an admirable start -- his warehouse currently holds 500,000 books.
RESTON, VA—Noting that attorneys on either side had used the term dozens of times during the previous two weeks, juror Michael Kerr told reporters Monday that he was too far into a capital trial at this point to ask what “contusions” are. “When the prosecutor first brought it up, I thought I could just ignore it and hope it wouldn't come up again, but then they called in a medical expert who said it a whole bunch of times,” Kerr said after the witness delivered testimony on the victim's numerous contusions, which he surmised could refer to strands of hair, bones, or another part of the body, but could be something different altogether. “I've been looking at people's faces whenever contusions come up, and I can tell by their expression that it's something bad, but that's the only clue I've got. The next time they say it I'm probably just going to nod.” Kerr said he planned to look up the term as soon as he got home after voting for a guilty verdict.
Advertisement
Deep Dive is an ongoing Gamasutra series with the goal of shedding light on specific design, art, or technical features within a video game, in order to show how seemingly simple, fundamental design decisions aren't really that simple at all.
Check out earlier installments, including creating believable crowds in Planet Coaster, achieving seamless branching in Watch Dogs 2's Invasion of Privacy missions, and creating the intricate level design of Dishonored 2's Clockwork Mansion.
Who – Philipp Stollenmayer, Founder of Kamibox
Kamibox is a German one-man studio. My name is Philipp Stollenmayer and I am currently studying information design with a focus on interaction and user interface. Kami is Japanese for paper, because the studio started with free papercraft models, and the first two apps have been how-tos for paper toys. For a few years, I have designed and developed mostly casual mobile games, like Okay? or Pancake – the Game, but also more elaborate ones like Sometimes You Die.
Tings you can make with Kamibox's Awesome Paper Toys app
What – Designing One-Touch Physics Puzzles in ZIP ZAP
I try to make games without text. ZIP ZAP is the kind of game where you can't really describe what the goal is, but you understand it after the first move. In an erector-kit-like game setting, you control one or more hinges of mechanical structures, and move something on the screen in a way that one or more white circles are being touched by something.
It is a physics puzzle, basically, somehow even more physical than most of the other physics puzzles. The interaction is as simple as it can be: Touch to contract all hinges, release to let go. Despite that super technical description of the content, there is a kind of empathy that arises.
Why?
"Console games don't work on mobile, and it took a while for developers to notice that."
My first game was a university project. I wanted to distribute it because I had put so much effort into it, and I wanted to show it to the world (few cared though). But I didn't want to pay any extra money for translations, so I explained everything with icons and animations. Today I know that translations aren't that expensive, but the core remains: Making games that are able to explain themselves in a few seconds.
Mobile players have a drastically shorter attention span than console players, because of the oversupply of games, the short play sessions of mobile, and the power to pronounce the game dead with a click on the biggest button an inch below the game. In other words, console games don't work on mobile, and it took a while for developers to notice that. What adds to that is that anything with more than two buttons is a cramp to control. The challenge is to make a game that is so simple to control that it is intuitive within the first ten seconds and still has enough potential to last for at least a few hours.
My situation: I like platformers. The problem: Platformers don't work on mobile, because there are three buttons - Left, right, jump. So I began to strip everything away that could lead to a problem, and ended up with the barest movement of the muscles — a game controlled by only two choices: contract or release.
"I began to strip everything away, and ended up with the barest movement of the muscles — a game controlled by only two choices: contract or release."
This matches the concept of a button that has two states: up and down. QWOP does this is an excellent way, but as the title suggests, there are 4 buttons needed to make the character move. Also, the result is far from controllable. To be able to control the whole character in my game required a dramatic simplification, and ended up in a single 'muscle'.
At that point, I still thought it was going to be a platformer, but control via a single muscle initially reminded me of that frog leg stimulation experiment from high school biology,.. and it still wasn't very easy to control. You could move it from A to B and back with a little practice, but the frustration potential was very high. Timing was very important, and so delicate that it just wasn't fun anymore. A platformer in which the player already fails without having gone one meter forward?
At this point, I usually make what I call the housewife test — I give the phone to my mom. Then I found out that it is not just difficult to control, but impossible to control.
Back to the drawing board. I had to change the whole concept. Instead of a platformer, I planned to make a bite-sized physics puzzle that always fit on the whole screen. That allowed me to have very, very short levels, because traveling long distances with one muscle is exhausting and frustrating. I cut every everything human and ended up with the concept of a more or less abstract mechanical world—just figural enough to convey the idea of actual valid physics.
The next challenge was to explain the player how the controls work in a few seconds. Touch to contract, release to let go sounds like a concept that every mentally aware person should understand, but it isn't even so easy to explain without words. I split the learning process into three phases:
The first level is designed in a way that makes it impossible to fail. You learn what happens when you touch the screen, and the L-shaped thing moves automatically to the target as you find out what happens when you touch the screen. You can't do anything wrong. After three touches, you have understood the concept, and the level is solved.
In the second level, you learn that you have to touch the target ring for two seconds to win. Again, you can't fail, but you can only reach the target ring when you hold your finger on the screen. In that way, you learn that this is not only about tapping, but also about holding.
In the third level, the figure falls down, and you have to restart. You learn that restarting is done with swiping from right to left. That has two purposes: On the one hand, restarting can be done with the same finger and not accidentally. On the other hand, you learn that swiping does not affect the movement of the figure (My testers were tempted to influence the direction through swiping).
From then on, I introduce new features that do not directly affect the mechanics, but expand their functionality. Early in the game, you have to solve a level that is similar to a level before, but this time it has two hinges that you control at once. The first hinge kicks the ball, the second one holds it in place. The key to the first one is pushing, to the second one is releasing. You have to be able to switch your mood from active to passive while the ball is in mid-air, and react correspondingly. In world two, multiple hinges don't only work chronologically, but also simultaneously.
The last level of the first world is a hanging figure. The new thing is that you don't control the point where it hangs, but the figure's virtual hip. That means, you have to find out how to generate momentum. I do gymnastics, and many figures are inspired by a gymnastic apparatus. This level was inspired by the horizontal bar, and was one of the first levels I designed. The process of gaining momentum is similar to how you gain momentum with your legs when you are sitting on a swing. My testers were mostly able to transfer that knowledge through their finger onto the character, but for others the swing levels are a huge question mark.
Another dimension of timing is added through the usage of motorized blocks. They make the elements turn, and you either have to avoid or utilize them. You have to find out that it can give the ball a great amount of momentum when timed correctly, like a baseball pitching machine.
Through combinations of new elements, all pitfalls of physically moving things, lever principles, rotation velocity, momentum and so on, are at first learned, then foreseen, then improved. With every new level, one specific point of that is in the focus.
RESULT
I said previously, that this game is more physical than most other physics puzzles. That is because you need to estimate the center of mass, the friction, the rotation speed in relation to the shape change, and so on.
All these factors end up in a result that is nearly impossible to predict. The paper prototype that I was pretty proud of was super useless, because the behavior was completely different than I had planned. What was bad for me was good for the game, because you find yourself in situations where something unexpected happens, but after the first attempt, it makes total sense and is influenceable.
Another point that surprised me is the very low frustration level. Somehow, the simple shapes add up to a creature with a soul, so clumsy that parental instincts are aroused. Of course it is your fault, somehow, that the figures fall down, but you always feel like you have total control, just because there is so little to control. So the only one to blame would be the figure on the screen, but you just can't be angry with it. The result is an interesting contrast between minimum control and maximum responsibility.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE tweeted a reassurance to residents of Puerto Rico on Friday that he "will always be with them," despite his warning a day earlier that federal hurricane response efforts on the island would not last "forever."
But he also said that Puerto Ricans were aware of "how bad things were before" hurricanes Maria and Irma struck the island last month, echoing previous suggestions that the island's poor infrastructure was in part responsible for the damage Puerto Rico sustained.
"The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the [hurricanes]. I will always be with them!" Trump wrote.
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 13, 2017
Trump tweeted on Thursday that he would not keep federal emergency workers in Puerto Rico "forever," and suggested that Puerto Rico deserved some of the blame for its own stunted recovery efforts.
ADVERTISEMENT
Hurricane Maria made landfall on the island over three weeks ago and the Trump administration has faced criticism for its initial response as Puerto Rican lawmakers begged him to help deal with the scarcity of basic necessities like food and clean water.
FEMA's website reports that only 17 percent of the island has had power restored and 64 percent have safe drinking water.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- Former NBA player Ron Mercer surrendered to police on Wednesday to face a misdemeanor assault charge
stemming from a scuffle in a strip club in April, police said.
Mercer, 31, is a Nashville native who was waived by the New
Jersey Nets in 2005 after missing more than 60 games due to injury.
Police said Mercer's friend, 34-year-old Robert Edward Johnson,
was also charged with felony aggravated assault for stabbing a
bouncer at the club in the same incident.
The pair got into a verbal argument with a dancer at Anthony's
Show Place on April 21 and were asked to leave by the security
guard, Keith Battle.
A fight broke out among the three men and Johnson admitted to
police that he stabbed the bouncer in the right side and shoulder
with a knife. Battle was not seriously hurt.
Another bouncer, William Beels Jr., was punched in the face by
Mercer, police said.
Mercer was released on $1,500 bond and Johnson was released on $5,000 bond. Both were scheduled to appear in court Aug. 13,
records show.
Neither man could be reached for comment on Wednesday night. No listed number for Mercer or Johnson could be found in the Nashville
area, where both men live. It was not immediately known if they had
retained attorneys.
Mercer was an All-American and all-Southeastern Conference
player at Kentucky, where he was a freshman on the 1996 NCAA
championship team.
After being the sixth overall pick in the 1997 draft by the
Boston Celtics, he was traded around the league before being
hampered by injuries and cut by the Nets.
How much trouble can free be?
Seven years ago this month, Florida Atlantic University fired me as the adviser of its student newspaper. But the University Press staff wanted me to stay, so I've been volunteering since 2010.
I think I might be fired again.
On Friday, FAU told me I must register as a volunteer. Administrators have created a new policy that, among other things, requires a background check. I think that's a good idea, actually. I speak at high schools and have agreed to background checks to prove I'm not a predator, murderer, or plagiarizer.
It's the “among other things” that's weird and worrisome.
I don't mind the rule banning volunteers from “operating University-owned watercraft.” Or even the waiver I must sign acknowledging “potential risks and hazards…including, but not limited to, possible injury or loss of life.” But…
At least one isn't legal.
First, the new rules say administrators will decide if I can offer free advice, not the students. An “applicable departmental supervisor” will determine “the suitability of the volunteer.”
Second, if administrators give me their blessing, they can assign me “specific tasks and/or duties to be performed and relevant training if necessary.”
Third – and this is just silly – the waiver demands, “I agree to keep all University records and files confidential.“ FAU is a public university. Most of its records are open to the public.
Fourth, and this is just creepy…
I give the University the right and permission to record my participation and appearance on videotape, audiotape, film, photography or any other medium and to use my name, likeness, voice and biographical information in connection with these recordings. The University may exhibit or distribute all or any part of these recordings for any educational or promotional purpose that the University and its employees deem appropriate. All such recordings shall be the University's property.
Fifth, an administrator emailed me Friday and warned, “you may not provide volunteer service on campus or to our students prior to completing this process.”
The scariest part is “or.”
Apparently, I can't advise either on campus “or to our students.” Does that mean I can't meet students even off campus? I've been down this road before.
After I got fired in May 2010, and after I began volunteering, FAU told the student editor she couldn't meet me “on or off campus for the purpose of advising.”
To quote attorney Adam Goldstein from the Student Press Law Center in Washington, DC, “Is this really the hill they want to die on?” Turns out it wasn't. After letters from the Society of Professional Journalists and College Media Association, FAU backed down.
Maybe they're trying again. Of course, the question is: Why now?
Over the past two decades I've been either a paid or volunteer adviser, FAU usually tries to get rid of me after I do something it doesn't like. Last month, that was urging the newly elected editor to fight Student Government's refusal to let him do his job. I wrote about that twisted situation and quoted the Student Press Law Center calling it “horrible.”
Maybe that's just a coincidence. Regardless, I signed the forms FAU sent me, but I crossed out the sections I found offensive and insulting. I also stated I believe the students have the right to ask my advice anytime and anywhere.
So does the Student Press Law Center. Executive director Frank LoMonte says…
I don't see how they can tell a student organization “you are limited in who you can invite AT NO UNIVERSITY EXPENSE to speak to you and that person can only say what the department head approves him saying.”
This Friday, I'll be a volunteer outlaw.
I'll once again visit the student newsroom and talk journalism with college students. To skirt the rules, the editors are submitting a separate set of forms that call me a “guest speaker” – because FAU's new policy specifically excludes guests speakers from these weird rules.
I can only wonder what FAU will say about that. I really wonder what they'll do about it.
I suppose campus police could arrest me for trespassing. That would make for a fascinating holding-cell conversation…
“What are you in for, old man?”
“Advising a student newspaper for free.”
I'll find out in a few days.
Here's the deal : You may read the information on the site for free. As and when I have the time I'll add new articles, taking into account any questions which have been asked. For legal reasons, please do not consider it to be advice - the only free investment advice is to apply your own mind. If you want formal paid advice or want to request that an article be written, then email me. I have limited time available, and will prioritise the work accordingly, so please be patient. Email me at invest@freeinvestmentadvice.org.
16 December 2013. Before I climb into today's writeup, which I'm happy to report isn't about me harping on about shares for once, I'd like to share (enjoy the pun) a few thoughts about the next couple of weeks, the "silly season". With most people going on holiday, the last couple of weeks of December are characterised by: thin trading,
price discovery isn't reflective of wider demand and supply,
reaction to newsflow isn't as sharp as at other times of year (it simply isn't as easy to process matters on cellphone internet after a bottle of champagne),
some companies sneak in SENS announcements (where they want to minimise the number of people viewing). If mispricings result, then there may be an opportunity to profit, particularly for small investors who do not need a lot of liquidity to create a significant position. I wrote about commodity shipping and (Grindrod in particular, which Alec Hogg was kind enough to publish on his excellent BizNews site) the other day, and since it's holiday time and I haven't seen anybody mention this yet in the popular press, here's a heads-up on a different type of shipping. Cruise tourism in South Africa faces a severe reduction in supply in the summer of 2014/2015. So dust off your economics 101 textbook, and have a look at what happens when there's a short-term supply shock (if you don't have the economics textbook, just remind yourself what happened to flight prices when Velvet Sky and 1time Airline went under). Cruise Tourism faces Severe Slowdown leave a comment
16 December 2013. If you build it they will come? Plans are advancing for the building of a new passenger cruise terminal in Cape Town's V&A Waterfront...but will the passengers come? Cruise tourism in South Africa is reaching its peak this summer, and as things stand there will be a severe reduction in the supply of cruises in the 2014/2015 season.
In a blow to the South African tourism industry, MSC Cruises has decided to send only one ship to our shores in the summer of 2014/2015. This compares to the 2 cruise ships plying our shores this season (2013/2014) and last season (2012/2013). Even in the 2011/2012 and 2010/2011 cruise seasons there were 2 ships - the MSC Sinfonia and the MSC Melody (although the Melody is slightly smaller than the MSC Sinfonia and MSC Opera. The ships sailing South Africa's shores this season (the same for last season) are the MSC Opera and the similarly sized MSC Sinfonia cruise ship. The Sinfonia has 777 cabins. Apparently the MSC Opera is going to the dry dock to be lengthened by 24m and some 200 cabins added on (yeah, apparently they can do this kind of thing!), but this only happens on the 2nd May 2015, so not in time for the new season.
The Opera will do 38 cruises in the 2014/2015 season. Assuming 2 spending adults per cabin, 90% full on average, and that the Sinfonia would do only 30 cruises, this means that there's some 53,000 fewer passengers cruising in 2014/2015 off South Africa's shores. It's mostly local South Africans that go on these cruises. Sectors which are going to lose out are :
Airlines : Although there are a fair number of Durbanites and Capetonians cruising, there are more Gauteng passengers than from Durban and Cape Town, and they would have to book return flights (typically to Cape Town or Durban). Even the Durban and Cape Town passengers would need to make flight bookings for the Cape Town to Durban/Durban to Cape Town and repositioning cruises to Europe.
Hotels : Often cruise passengers will spend a night or more in a hotel in Cape Town or Durban before or after their cruise.
Other passenger spending : Whilst in Cape Town and Durban the passengers spend money at tourist attractions and restaurants in the cities. Some of the cruises have stops in Mossel Bay, Port Elizabeth, Namibia, Mozambique, Mauritius, Reunion and Madagascar; and the spots they visit during these stops will suffer a small decline.
Harbour industry : I'm not sure how the fees to the harbours work, but it will not doubt result in a decrease in the fees to the ports and related industries (e.g. food/drinks/fuel being delivered to ships)
Some of the people who don't cruise will probably spend their money on other tourist-related activities (so there'll be some tiny winners), and it's not a complete loss. On the other hand, cruise prices are likely to be higher than they would otherwise be if there were 2 ships.
Whichever way it goes a new passenger cruise terminal at the V&A Waterfront will be much welcomed. Cape Town took a huge step backwards when overzealous authorities stopped allowing cruise ships to berth outside the Table Bay Hotel, and moved to tents at the windswept Eastern Mole portion of the Table Bay Harbour. The move to the sheds at E-Berth in 2012 represents a vast improvement over the Eastern Mole, but a shift to the Waterfront again is first prize.
Cruise tourism is only a small slice of the South African travel pie, but if MSC Cruises is seeing a declining market for cruises from South Africa, one has to wonder whether the issues are specific to the cruise market, or just to MSC Cruises.
Airline Industry : Looking at the last 3 months available stats for OR Tambo International Airport, from August to October 2013, there were 2.5m passenger arrivals, compared to 2.4m in the same months in 2012 and 2.5m in 2011. It's pretty flat, which is not bad considering that capacity was removed by both 1time and Velvet Sky going under.
Hotel Industry : Tsogo Sun reported that the 6 months to 30 September 2013 saw overall industry occupancies at 59%, compared to 58% a year earlier (note that this is a different metric, to the total supply figures for cruises).
What may have happened in the cruise sector is that more supply was added in 2012/2013 and 2013/2014 than the South African market could absorb, and now it is being scaled back to a more sustainable level. Of course it is far easier for a cruise liner to change its supply of ships by moving them to the Mediterranean; than for a hotel group (its hotels are stuck where they are!) or even an airline (it has to abide by regulatory restrictions on where it can fly).
Due to regulations, our emails and this entire website should be considered as having been set up for entertainment purposes alone. Expect errors and omissions. Investment in shares and other financial instruments should be conducted by professional investment experts only. Any use of the information on my websites, emails and newsletters is at your own risk, and by using it you agree that the owners of our websites, authors and associated parties wont be held liable for any losses suffered as a result of using the information. None of the information should be construed as being advice. Our newsletters, articles, discussions and website are not an offering for any investment. It represents only our and others' opinions. Any views expressed are provided for information purposes only and should not be construed in any way as an offer, an endorsement, or inducement to invest. Illustrations, forecasts or hypothetical data are not guaranteed and are provided for illustrative purposes only. There are risks involved in buying or selling a financial product. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any investment values given are not guaranteed. Investment returns can be volatile. When investing there is always the risk of losing all or a substantial amount of your investment, as well as the risk of illiquidity. There may be advertisements on some pages on this website, and we may earn income from these advertisements. We may earn commission on products invested in or annuities purchased. We cannot attest to the accuracy of the material presented here, and opinions expressed may be changed without prior notice. In any event our liability will be limited to R1, and any court cases must take place in Cape Town. Free Investment Advice is the trading name of South Africa Travel Online CC, a licensed Financial Service Provider (FSP number 43555). You may contact us at invest@freeinvestmentadvice.org
Laura D'Andrea Tyson is a professor at the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley, and served as chairwoman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Clinton.
A core American value is that each individual should have the opportunity to realize his or her potential. Birth needn't dictate destiny. Education has been the traditional American pathway to opportunity and upward mobility, but this pathway is closing for a growing number of Americans in low- and middle-income families.
Today's Economist Perspectives from expert contributors.
And the failure to provide all Americans with the educational opportunities to realize their potential not only harms them; it harms the nation.
Educational attainment levels rose rapidly throughout much of the 20th century, with the college completion rate quadrupling for those born between 1915 and 1975. But it has been largely stagnant since.
The slowdown in college attainment levels has been most pronounced for individuals from low-income families. At the same time, the economic benefits of higher education have risen. In 1979, the average college graduate made 38 percent more than the average high school graduate. The comparable figure today is more than 75 percent.
During the last three decades the gap between the educational attainments of children raised in rich and poor families has widened dramatically, and it reveals itself remarkably early in children's lives.
According to the most recent census report, about one-quarter of children under the age of 6 live in poverty. Recent research shows that early childhood poverty has negative effects on brain development. At the age of 3, children in poverty have smaller vocabularies than their peers and a harder time sorting and organizing information and planning ahead.
Children in poor families are also less likely to have access to early-childhood education programs. Such programs have a proven record of raising future educational attainment levels, especially for poor children. Sadly, many states are slashing such programs, despite the fact that the funds dedicated to them earn an annual real rate of return of 10 percent or higher.
Disparities in educational achievement among children from different income groups increase with age. Such gaps are larger in fifth grade than they are in kindergarten, and they continue to grow as children move through primary and secondary school.
As a result of residential segregation, children from low-income families are more likely to have classmates with low achievement levels and behavioral problems than children from affluent families. Poor children are also disproportionately situated in schools that often find it difficult to attract and retain skilled teachers. And as the Chicago teachers' strike reminds us, poor children are often hungry, depending on their schools rather than their homes for breakfast and lunch.
The United States is caught in a vicious cycle largely of its own making. Rising income inequality is breeding more inequality in educational opportunity, which results in greater inequality in educational attainment. That, in turn, undermines the intergenerational mobility upon which Americans have always prided themselves and perpetuates income inequality from generation to generation.
This dynamic all but guarantees a permanent underclass. Indeed, the process is already under way: An American child's future income is already more dependent on his or her parents' income than a child born in most other developed countries.
Demographic trends are aggravating this vicious cycle. More than half of all births in the United States now occur out of marriage, and incomes for single-parent families are lower than for married families. That's one reason that family incomes have been declining for more than 50 percent of all children during the last 40 years.
Poverty rates are much higher in single-parent households than in married households. According to the most recent census numbers, 11.8 percent of all families, 6.2 percent of married families, 31.7 percent of single-parent families headed by a female and 15.8 percent of single-parent families headed by a male were living in poverty in 2011. About 48 percent of children in single-parent households headed by women were living in poverty, compared with about 11 percent of children in married households. And poverty claimed a staggering 57 percent of all children under the age of 6 in female-headed households.
Researchers at the Hamilton Project have found a strong correlation between earnings and marriage rates. While marriage rates have declined across the board, the drop has been larger for middle- and low-income groups, especially for men with a high school degree or less. This group has experienced a large secular decline in real earnings during the last 30 years. A provocative new book posits that women are increasingly dominant in work and education and celebrates the growth of female-headed households as a sign that patriarchy is giving way to matriarchy.
But there is another, less sanguine way to regard these trends. The rise of single-parent households headed by women may reflect the fact that women do not want to get married or stay married to such men or that men with weak earning prospects would rather drop out of the labor force altogether and avoid marital responsibilities. In either case, the news is not good for children and their educational opportunities and attainments.
Meanwhile, college-educated men and women are more likely to marry – most often to people with similar education levels – less likely to divorce and less likely to have children outside of marriage. Marriage and stable two-parent households are becoming marks of prosperity. These trends spell even greater income inequality and even greater inequality of opportunity for children in the future.
What can the federal government do to mitigate these trends? First, the progressivity of the federal tax and transfer system should be strengthened. The United States has one of the most unequal income distributions in the developed world, but its tax and transfer system is among the least progressive.
Tax expenditures that disproportionately benefit high-income families should be limited, while the earned-income tax credit that benefits working families should be expanded. The tax rates on capital gains, dividends and carried interest, most of which go to top income earners, should be increased as part of a multiyear deficit reduction plan.
Such a plan should also include more means-testing of entitlement programs and adequate funds for programs like food stamps, Head Start and Medicaid that address the needs of low-income families.
Second, the investments championed by President Obama to enhance educational opportunities – the $4 billion Race to the Top program to reward states for school reforms; the increase in the number and size of Pell grants; the tuition tax credit; the reformed student loan program; federal support for partnerships with community colleges – must be sustained. Deficit reduction must not be at the expense of these investments. Because they are investments, not handouts, they will end up paying for themselves.
Providing all Americans with the opportunity to realize their potential, regardless of their origins, is a core value. It is also a wise down payment on the nation's future prosperity. ”A mind is a terrible thing to waste” is more than a clever slogan.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is making it tougher for governors to deny man-made climate change. Starting next year, the agency will approve disaster preparedness funds only for states whose governors approve hazard mitigation plans that address climate change.
This may put several Republican governors who maintain the earth isn't warming due to human activities, or prefer to do nothing about it, into a political bind. Their position may block their states' access to hundreds of millions of dollars in FEMA funds. Over the past five years, the agency has awarded an average $1 billion a year in grants to states and territories for taking steps to mitigate the effects of disasters.
"If a state has a climate denier governor that doesn't want to accept a plan, that would risk mitigation work not getting done because of politics," said Becky Hammer, an attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council's water program. "The governor would be increasing the risk to citizens in that state" because of his climate beliefs.
The policy doesn't affect federal money for relief after a hurricane, flood or other disaster. Specifically, beginning in March 2016, states seeking preparedness money will have to assess how climate change threatens their communities. Governors will have to sign off on hazard mitigation plans. While some states, including New York, have already started incorporating climate risks in their plans, most haven't because FEMA's old 2008 guidelines didn't require it.
"This could potentially become a major conflict for several Republican governors," said Barry Rabe, an expert on the politics of climate change at the University of Michigan. "We aren't just talking about coastal states." Climate change affects droughts, rainfall and tornado activity. Fracking is being linked to more earthquakes, he said. "This could affect state leaders across the country."
Among those who could face a difficult decision are Republican Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Bobby Jindal of Louisiana, Chris Christie of New Jersey, Greg Abbott of Texas and Pat McCrory of North Carolina—all of whom have denied man-made climate change or refused to take action. The states they lead face immediate threats from climate change.
The five governors' offices did not return requests for comment by press time.
Environmentalists have been pressing FEMA to include global warming in its hazard mitigation guidelines for almost three years. FEMA told the Natural Resources Defense Council in early 2014 that it would revise the guidelines. It issued draft rules last October and officially released the new procedures last week as partisan politics around climate change have been intensifying.
On March 8, the Florida Center for Investigative Reporting said Scott instituted an unwritten ban on the use of "climate change" or "global warming" by Florida officials. Earlier this month, Republican Sen. Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma took a snowball to the U.S. Senate floor as evidence the climate isn't warming, highlighting GOP leaders' climate views.
"The challenges posed by climate change, such as more intense storms, frequent heavy precipitation, heat waves, drought, extreme flooding, and higher sea levels, could significantly alter the types and magnitudes of hazards impacting states in the future," FEMA wrote in its new procedures.
FEMA's disaster preparedness program has been granting money to states since the 1980s for projects as diverse as raising buildings out of floodplains and building safe rooms. States are required to update their plans every five years to be eligible for the agency's mitigation funding. Since 2010, FEMA has doled out more than $4.6 billion to states and territories as part of this program.
Republican-led regions constitute eight of the top 10 recipients of this category of FEMA money between 2010 and 2014. Louisiana was No. 1, having received almost $1.1 billion from FEMA for hazard mitigation. New Jersey was third with nearly $379 million, and Texas fourth with almost $343 million.
The gubernatorial approval clause was included in the new guidelines to "raise awareness and support for implementing the actions in the mitigation strategy and increasing statewide resilience to natural hazards," said FEMA spokeswoman Susan Hendrick.
The new federal rules don't require public involvement in the creation of states' disaster preparedness plans, eliminating the opportunity for environmental groups and concerned citizens to submit comments or concerns about the assessments.
Ten NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
By Alex Lantier
21 January 2012
At least ten NATO soldiers were killed in two separate incidents in Afghanistan, when a transport helicopter carrying six US Marines crashed in Helmand province late Thursday, and an Afghan army soldier killed four French soldiers Friday at the Gwam training base in Kapisa province. Fifteen French soldiers were wounded in the attack, eight seriously.
US officials said the causes of the helicopter crash were under investigation, but they denied that enemy fire had shot down the aircraft, which they identified as a CH-53 Super Stallion transport helicopter. However, Taliban spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi told CNN: “A [CH-47] Chinook was shot down in Zubari Karez area, between Musa Qala and Zamin Dawar in southern Helmand province, and a number of foreigners traveling in it were killed.”
It was the deadliest US crash in Afghanistan since last August, when Taliban forces hit a US helicopter with a rocket-propelled grenade. Eight Afghan and 30 US troops aboard were killed, including 17 Navy Seal Special Forces.
Commenting on the attack at the Gwam training base, French Defense Minister Gérard Longuet said: “During training inside the base, a gunman shot, assassinated four of our soldiers in unacceptable conditions. [The French soldiers] were not armed; they were well and truly assassinated by an Afghan soldier. We do not know for the time being if he was an infiltrated Taliban or someone who decided on his own actions, for reasons we do not know.”
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said he might consider an “early withdrawal” of French forces from Afghanistan—France's withdrawal is currently slated for the end of 2013. Sarkozy also suspended all French training operations for Afghan troops.
François Hollande, the Socialist Party (PS) candidate in the 2012 presidential election, declared his “intention to pull [French] forces out of Afghanistan as soon as possible, at the latest by the end of 2012.” Hollande's party was in government in 2001 when the NATO invasion of Afghanistan began, however, and the PS supported French participation in the war at the time.
NATO officials absurdly tried to downplay tensions between the NATO occupation force in Afghanistan, the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), and the Afghan puppet regime's army. NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen called it a “sad day,” but added that events like the Gwam base shooting are “isolated.”
ISAF spokesman Lt. Colonel Jimmie Cummings said: “We train and are partnered with Afghan personnel every day, and we are not seeing any issues or concerns with our relationships.”
In reality, the deep popular opposition to imperialist occupation is finding reflection in a wide-ranging breakdown of relations between NATO and its Afghan proxy forces. This goes beyond the many incidents in which Afghan army forces have actually shot NATO soldiers. Coming after popular anger over last November's US bombing of a Pakistan army outpost, which led Pakistan to block NATO supply routes to Afghanistan via Pakistan, the latest attack reveals that NATO's network of local proxies in Central Asia is threatened with violent collapse.
Describing NATO-Afghan army relations, an Afghan army colonel told the New York Times yesterday, “The sense of hatred is growing rapidly.” He said Afghan troops were “thieves, liars, and drug addicts,” and that American troops were “rude, arrogant bullies who use foul language.” He added that he was afraid tension between NATO and Afghan forces “will turn into a major problem in the near future in the lower ranks of both armies.”
A May 2011 US military report titled “A Crisis of Trust and Cultural Incompatibility”—a survey of 613 Afghan troops, 30 interpreters, and 215 US soldiers in three Afghan provinces—counted 15 incidents in which Afghan soldiers shot NATO troops in the 10 months before the report was published, killing 39. This was roughly one third of NATO casualties from small arms fire in Afghanistan over that period.
The report noted, “Lethal altercations [between Afghan and US troops] are clearly not rare or isolated; they reflect a rapidly growing systemic homicide threat (the magnitude of which may be unprecedented between ‘allies' in modern military history).” The report described official claims that “murder incidents between [the Afghan army] and ISAF are ‘isolated' and ‘extremely rare'” as “disingenuous, if not profoundly intellectually dishonest.”
The report also cited US concerns that other Afghan troops rarely did anything to help capture Afghan soldiers who had fired at US troops as they fled.
The text of the report, which discusses Afghan and US soldiers' complaints about each other, paints a damning picture of the NATO occupation of Afghanistan. Afghan soldiers' complaints reflected primarily US forces' barbaric treatment of Afghan civilians and embarrassment at being treated as inferiors by US troops in front of civilians.
The report cited the following Afghan complaints about US forces: “US convoys not allowing traffic to pass, reportedly indiscriminate return US fire that causes civilian casualties, naively using flawed intelligence sources, US forces conducting night raids/home searches, violating female privacy during searches, US road blocks, publicly searching/disarming [Afghan security forces] members as [standard operating procedure] when they enter bases, and past massacres of civilians by US forces.”
According to the report, many of these types of behaviors frequently lead to armed standoffs between NATO and Afghan forces, in which Afghan army troops threaten to fire. The report found a “generalized loathing of US soldiers” by Afghan troops.
Afghan soldiers also complained of US troops unnecessarily shooting farm animals, urinating or defecating in public (including in Afghan water supplies and in front of women), and humiliating Afghan soldiers in front of Afghan civilians, often referring to them as “mother f*ckers.”
NATO troops' complaints about Afghan soldiers reveal widespread opposition to the war among Afghan troops and the deeply criminal character of the US occupation regime in Afghanistan.
US soldiers complained that Afghan soldiers frankly told journalists or NATO troops themselves that once it was clear that the Taliban would win, they would switch sides. US soldiers also complained that Afghan soldiers, poorly re-supplied by the Afghan puppet government, often take US supplies instead.
Afghan leaders collaborating with NATO against the Taliban are largely drawn from a layer of warlords formed in the 1980s to fight the Soviet-backed government, backed by the US, and funded through the sale of narcotics. NATO-occupied Afghanistan has been for a decade the world's leading supplier of opium. US troops complained widely of Afghan soldiers' drug addiction; the study estimated that 74 percent of Afghan troops are addicted to hashish, and a somewhat smaller percentage to heroin.
While US soldiers did not raise the issue, the report also noted complaints by Canadian troops of “the cultural practice of bachabazi [selling boys as sex slaves to warlords], as well as the raping and sodomizing of little boys.” The report added, “One reason Afghan civilians prefer insurgents over [the Afghan army] is the latter's propensity to seize their little boys at checkpoints and sexually assault them.”
The report described the Afghan government institutions set up by the NATO occupation as “little more than organized crime syndicates … where accountability is almost unheard of.”
Even after Marco Rubio's and Ted Cruz's respective fifth-place and third-place finishes in New Hampshire, the GOP is closer to nominating a Latino candidate for president than either major party has ever been. As of this writing, betting markets give Rubio and Cruz a combined 39 percent chance to be the GOP nominee, and if anything, the markets might understate Cruz's chances.
That prospect is likely to brighten Republicans' hopes. After the 2012 election, the Republican National Committee's post-mortem called for the party to broaden its appeal to growing, Democratic-leaning constituencies, with Latinos chief among them. Cruz himself said in 2012: “If Republicans do not do better in the Hispanic community, in a few short years Republicans will no longer be the majority party” in Texas. But just how much would nominating Cruz or Rubio help the Republicans with Latinos?
On the surface, the two candidates have similarities aplenty. Both are in their mid-40s and among the most conservative sitting senators. Both are of Cuban descent. But they differ in how they approach their ethnic background: While Rubio speaks fluent Spanish, Cruz has called his Spanish “lousy,” a fact which Rubio mocked in Saturday night's debate. They also famously differed in their roles in the failed push for immigration reform in 2013: Rubio worked with Democrats to draft comprehensive immigration reform while Cruz opposed the measure.
Assessing the likely appeal of Cruz or Rubio among Latinos is not straightforward. Latinos are diverse, with many strongly attached to individual national origin groups as well as the pan-ethnic labels “Latino” or “Hispanic.” In the 2010 census, 44 percent of people who identified as Hispanic wrote in “Mexican” on a question about racial background. And it's not clear whether candidates of Cuban descent have much appeal among Mexican-descended voters, especially in swing states like Nevada and Colorado.
On the one hand, the weakness of Mitt Romney's 2012 performance with Latinos — he won just 27 percent of their votes, down from around 40 percent back in 2004 for George W. Bush — means that there is plenty of room for growth. And prior research shows that in mayoral elections, Latino candidates do win over Latino voters at higher rates than other candidates.
As we'll see, Cruz and Rubio have earned votes from Latinos who didn't back the last two GOP standard-bearers. But in an appeal to Latino voters, there is peril as well as promise. Overtures to Latino voters have the potential to alienate another key GOP demographic: anti-immigration whites. So the GOP's hope to win votes from Latinos faces two roadblocks. One stems from the diversity of the Latino population, the other from diversity within the Republican Party.
Back to the future?
Electability is one argument Rubio makes for why Republicans should back him: “I give us the best chance to win, and if you don't believe me, ask a Democrat,” he said recently. His anticipated support among Latinos is a cornerstone of this claim: Latinos are surely one of the groups Rubio had in mind when telling a class at Florida International University last year, “There's always the potential that an individual with the right combination of biography, message and behavior can change the behavior of traditional voting groups.”
One way to know whether Rubio is right is to look at how he and Cruz have done with Latinos in Novembers past. Rubio was elected to the U.S. Senate in the 2010 Republican wave, and impressively, he picked off not only the Democratic nominee but also the sitting governor of Florida, Charlie Crist, who was running as an independent. Exit polls initially indicated that Rubio picked up 55 percent of the Latinos interviewed, a substantial improvement from the 42 percent of Latinos who backed John McCain for president in Florida in 2008. But the 2010 Florida exit poll had all of 73 Hispanic voters. And even if the sample were larger, exit polls can be unreliable when estimating the leanings of groups who live disproportionately in certain places. We don't know if the precincts selected for the poll that year happened to be in heavily Cuban areas near Miami, in Puerto Rican enclaves in the central part of the state, or elsewhere.
To get around those limits, I looked at precinct-level returns from that race. They yield a striking pattern. As the share of Latinos of Cuban descent grew within a precinct, so did the amount by which Rubio's 2010 bid outpaced McCain's in 2008. The relationship was even stronger in precincts that were heavily Puerto Rican. However, in more heavily Mexican precincts, there was essentially no relationship — people of Mexican descent are the largest Latino group in some parts of Florida. Best we can tell, Rubio got more of a boost among Latinos of Cuban or Puerto Rican descent.
These differences speak to the diversity of the Latino population. They also might reflect the effects of immigration policy. Keep in mind that Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens by birth and that Cuban immigrants who reach U.S. soil can apply for residency one year later. The immigration debate and the appeal of candidates like Rubio might resonate quite differently among Latinos connected to different places of origin. Of course, Latinos are by no means one-issue voters, as Matt Barreto and Gary Segura's new book details. But judging by the jump in President Obama's approval ratings among Hispanics after his November 2014 executive actions on immigration, the issue does loom large for many. We saw earlier evidence of this in the 2012 election, when Mitt Romney advocated “self deportation” and Latinos saw among the largest pro-Democratic shifts in voting of any group. Rubio himself has tacked away from comprehensive immigration reform and his latitude to embrace it again is limited.
So Rubio does seem to have won Latino votes in Florida that McCain did not, but those votes likely came from Latinos from specific national-origin groups. What about Cruz?
When Cruz ran for a U.S. Senate seat in Texas in 2012, there was no exit poll at all. But there, too, we can approximate the boost Cruz earned in Hispanic communities using election returns. This analysis is particularly important for 2016, since Texas is home to approximately 8 million Latinos of Mexican descent, and since Mexicans are by far the largest Latino group nationally, at 64 percent.
The chart below plots the Hispanic population of Texas's 254 counties on the x-axis and the difference in support won by Cruz and by Romney, who appeared on the same ballot in 2012, on the y-axis.
Overall, Romney out-polled Cruz by just under half a percentage point. But as the chart shows, in what was an uncompetitive race for Senate, Cruz did better than Romney in heavily Latino counties, sometimes markedly so. In Texas, the fifth-percentile county is 7 percent Latino, while the 95th-percentile county is 83 percent Latino. As we move from the former to the latter, Cruz's advantage compared to Romney grows by a whopping 8 percentage points.
What Latino voters say
There are limits to what we can learn from exit polls or from aggregate election returns, especially in races that have three well-known candidates (like Rubio's) or races that are uncompetitive (like Cruz's). Presidential elections are a different beast. Each senator's public profile has undeniably grown since he was elected to the Senate, too. Accordingly, we might consider a third approach to estimating the pro-GOP boost that Cruz or Rubio might bring as the party's nominee for president: looking at contemporary survey data.
Most surveys don't break out their results for Latinos, and many don't interview in Spanish. But a 2014 survey by Latino Decisions found Rubio's detractors to outnumber his admirers. He was viewed favorably by 31 percent of the Latinos interviewed and unfavorably by 36 percent, numbers that match what the Public Religion Research Institute found in November 2015. Gallup surveys in the summer of 2015 found Rubio polling notably better among Hispanics, with those viewing him favorably outnumbering those viewing him unfavorably by 5 percentage points. Yet the same polls found Cruz underwater by 7 percentage points, reinforcing the idea that Latinos judge Cruz and Rubio not just on ethnicity but also on their positions and profile. One Texas media consultant said he's “not sure that Hispanic Republicans really believe that Ted Cruz represents them and their values and their issues.” There are similar questions about Rubio's connection to Latinos.
Can the candidates sell themselves to Latinos come November? Both have certainly tried in the past, in part through Spanish-language advertising. Take this ad from Rubio's 2010 Senate bid, in which a grateful Rubio acknowledges the support he's received from Latinos and promises, “We will honor the sacrifices of previous generations.” Or this ad from Cruz's presidential bid, which touts his family's immigrant background and his role as the first Hispanic clerk to the chief justice of the Supreme Court. You'll notice that those ads play up the candidates' experiences in immigrant families. But they are heavy on personal appeals and light on policy.
And even appeals like those could get the candidates in trouble if they aren't carefully targeted. While Latinos' views of Cruz and Rubio are mixed, views of the GOP front-runner, Donald Trump, are highly negative. In his June 2015 speech announcing his candidacy, Trump called Mexican immigrants “rapists” and said that Mexico was “not sending their best.” Come the fall, Cruz or Rubio would need the backing of many of Trump's supporters and of other non-Hispanic white voters who see immigration as a major threat. That may limit either candidate's ability to appeal explicitly to Latinos.
The tightrope the candidates must walk was apparent at Saturday night's debate. Cruz attacked Rubio by saying, “Marco went on Univision in Spanish and said he would not rescind President Obama's illegal executive amnesty on his first day in office.” Rubio's reply to the charge that he was saying different things in different languages? To mock Cruz's Spanish: “I don't know how he knows what I said on Univision — he doesn't speak Spanish.”
The odd exchange between Cruz and Rubio makes plain the conflicting incentives they face. In a series of survey experiments, political scientists Eitan Hersh and Brian Schaffner considered what happens when group-specific campaign appeals are poorly targeted, for example when white voters hear Latino-specific messages. The result is a backlash against the sponsoring candidate. That meshes with findings from my own research. A sizable part of the GOP electorate sees Spanish as a potent symbol of a changing America. In one study I conducted, Republican respondents adopted views that were more strongly anti-immigration after hearing a few lines of Spanish in a newscast. What's more, Republicans voting in precincts that used Spanish-language ballots became more opposed to bilingual education. So the possibility of a backlash against Cruz or Rubio for using Spanish — or perhaps for emphasizing their ethnicity — is real.
Come November, if either Cruz or Rubio is on the GOP ticket, he will want to win Latino votes. But he'll want to do so while still turning out Trump backers and others worried about immigration and Spanish. Analyses of their Senate elections suggest that both candidates have the potential to improve upon the GOP's performance with Latinos nationally, especially with certain national-origin groups. Given where Latinos from different countries tend to settle, those improvements are likely to be larger in Florida than in Colorado or Nevada. But whether the candidates can capitalize on that potential without losing other voters remains to be seen.
A Gold Coast, Australia medical practice has been held to ransom by a group of Russian hackers. The hackers encrypted the practice's patient database, rendering it unusable until decrypted.
The hackers have asked for the fairly low sum of $4,000, ABC News reports, noting that scammers tend to go for a low-yield, high-volume approach to increase their chances of a payout.
The practice in question is Miami Family Medical Centre, whose co-owner David Wood believed that anti-virus software was enough of a protection against intrusion and other security threats.
Cases like this should serve as a wake-up call for businesses to get proper security advice from professionals — particularly those responsible for sensitive medical information. When you deal with information like this, ignorance is not an excuse.
The practice is looking to either pay up or find an alternate means to recover the information, and appears to be taking steps to better secure their data. In the meantime, they'll continue running without it, getting important pharmacy and pathology information from the relevant organizations.
Another Australian business with poor security practices had records of 500,000 customer credit cards stolen in August. Despite the country's population spending more time online than many other countries, it seems businesses here are taking their time to understand the security threats that could affect them.
Image Credit: Sajjad Hussain/Getty Images
Read next: Fail whale: Twitter fined for not reporting UK accounts on time
The PMAG D-60 is a durable, lightweight, highly reliable 60-round 5.56x45 NATO/.223 Remington* polymer drum magazine for AR15/M4 compatible weapons. With a larger capacity than previous PMAGs, the PMAG D-60 gives the shooter 60 rounds of ammunition, effectively allowing the same round count as two standard capacity 30-round magazines without requiring a critical reload.
The unique drum configuration keeps the height of the magazine manageable as well as allowing for prone firing and easier storage. Features an easy-to-use loading lever, paint pen dot matrix for easy marking, and a rear window for instant capacity indication. Compatible with a wide range of NATO firearms such as the M4, M16, SCAR™ MK16/16S, HK®416, MR556, M27 IAR, IMI Tavor, and others.
FEATURES:
- Next-generation impact and crush resistant polymer construction
- Wide compatibility with most 'STANAG 4179' platforms such as the AR15, M4, M16, SCAR MK16/16S, HK416, MR556, M27 IAR, IMI Tavor, and others
- Will seat fully loaded on a closed bolt
- Bolt hold open feature to lock the bolt back on the last round**
- Ratcheting Loading Lever to take tension off the spring for easy loading by hand
- Feed Tower compatible with most loading devices, including USGI stripper clips and guides, the StripLULA™, and others
- Designed to be left loaded for long term storage without any loss of function or degradation
- All components used are corrosion resistant
- Easy to disassemble for cleaning with only a flat-bladed screwdriver or similar
- Anti-glare translucent window on rear of drum allows for easy determination of rounds remaining
- Paint pen dot matrix panel on back of body to allow for identification marking
- Slip-on, semi-rigid Dust Cover prevents grit and debris intrusion during storage and transport
SPECIFICATIONS:
- Weight, w/Dust Cover: 20.5 oz.
- Weight, loaded (M855 NATO): 46 oz.
- Length, max: 7.4 in.
- Width, max: 4.1 in.
*Optimized for use only with 5.56x45 NATO/.223 Remington cartridges. Use with other calibers such as .300 AAC Blackout is not recommended.
**The D-60 is designed to lock the bolt back after the last round for most AR15/M4/HK416 platforms. Inserting an empty magazine and manually cycling the charging handle will not activate the bolt hold open feature. In addition this feature may or may not work for weapons with bolt hold open levers that don't adhere to the Colt-spec.
EXPORT NOTICE: This is an item controlled for export by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). These controls take the form of export regulations and license requirements. As part of the express consideration provided for receipt of Magpul's goods, technical data and/or services, you, our customer, acknowledge that the export, re-export or other transfer, directly or indirectly, of the goods, technical data and/or services provided by Magpul in violation of U.S. law is prohibited. Customers acquiring ITAR goods, technical data and/or services from Magpul shall be responsible for obtaining any necessary U.S. or other government authorization required to ensure compliance with applicable export laws. (See Magpul Shipping and Returns FAQ for more information).
This product is also restricted in the States of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Hawaii, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and New York, as well as Washington D.C., and may be restricted in other local jurisdictions. It is the customer's responsibility to be aware of and abide by all applicable local laws.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
NATIONALISTS and anti-nuclear campaigners last night condemned a report which claims it is in the UK's “national interest” to spend £130billion to keep Trident nuclear weapons.
The Trident Commission said holding on to the submarines could stop Britain being open to nuclear blackmail.
A final decision on whether to renew Trident in 2016 at an estimated cost of more than £130billion will be made in 2016.
The huge pricetag comes despite a massive squeeze on spending on public services like schools and hospitals.
The £130billion is more than 20 times the £6billion cost of building the two supercarriers being assembled at Rosyth.
Yesterday, the SNP and Scottish CND said Trident would be scrapped by a vote for
independence.
Alex Salmond has said his party would order nuclear submarines to leave the base at Faslane on the Clyde if Scotland chooses independence.
The decision on replacement has been put back until after the 2015 elections following disagreements between the Conservatives and the Lib Dems.
Tories are committed to replacing the existing four-boat fleet but the Lib Dems say they would only build three submarines.
The SNP have made their opposition to nuclear weapons clear
The Trident Commission is made up of former diplomats and defence experts and was
led by three Scottish politicians.
Two former defence secretaries, Labour's Des Brown and Conservative Malcolm Rifkind, as well as former Liberal Democrat leader Sir Menzies Campbell backed Trident.
The report claims keeping the deterrent would prevent Britain being left open to
nuclear blackmail in the future.
But even many in the military are not convinced it makes sense to replace Trident, which dates back to the Cold War era, given that the most pressing threat to UK security comes from terrorists and governments that do not have nuclear weapons.
SNP defence spokesman Angus Robertson said the only way Scotland could get rid of Trident is to vote Yes on September 18.
He said: “We would certainly not have agreed to the conclusion of the commission.”
Scottish CND criticised the Trident Commission for supporting nuclear weapons.
John Ainslie, Coordinator of Scottish CND, said: “Malcolm Rifkind, Des Browne and Menzies Campbell are stuck in the past.
“The future is in the hands of the people of Scotland.
“We can vote Yes and kick out these indiscriminate weapons of mass destruction”.
The Tories and Labour are committed to renewal of the nuclear deterrent although a Labour government would face a mass rebellion from their MPs on the issue, as they did in 2007 when 88 MPs voted against the idea.
Vernon Coaker, Labour's shadow defence secretary, said: “Labour is committed to ensuring Britain retains a minimum credible nuclear deterrent, which we believe is best delivered through a continuous at sea deterrent.”
But Danny Alexander, the Lib Dem Treasury Secretary, said that reducing the number of submarines to three would save £4billion.
He said: “The cost of our nuclear deterrent in the future could equal one-fifth of total defence equipment spending. A like-for-like replacement of Trident, deployed in the same way, will unnecessarily stretch budgets and constrain spending on other defence priorities. Something has to give.
“I see nothing in the report that changes my view that our national security would be best served by reducing the submarines to three and ending the policy of continuous at-sea deterrence.”
PETALING JAYA: AirAsia Group chief executive officer Tony Fernandes has married his Korean girlfriend Chloe.
The wedding was held in Côte d'Azur, often known as the French Riviera, in the presence of family and close friends, reported the New Straits Times.
Pictures of the wedding circulating on social media show Fernandes in a three-piece suit and the bride in an off-shoulder long white gown.
It is believed that the two have been dating for more than two years.
Chloe, who is in her 20s, has kept a low profile and even her last name is known only to family and the closest of friends.
Among the guests who attended the ceremony and reception were AirAsia chairman and Tune Group chief executive Kamarudin Meranun, CIMB Group chairman Nazir Razak and former international trade and industry minister Rafidah Aziz.
Today's Main Feature…!
Hello everyone!! Kahotan here! (@gsc_kahotan)
Today I'm going to be taking a look at this item by FREEing which is currently up for preorder…
Eriri Spencer Sawamura: Bunny Ver.!
From the anime series “Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend” comes a 1/4th scale figure of the up-and-coming doujin illustrator, Eriri Spencer Sawamura, dressed up in a sexy bunny girl outfit! The figure captures all of Eriri's charm in an impressive 1/4th scale, ensuring all the details illustrated by the original character designer Kurehito Misaki have been faithfully preserved on the figure. She has an embarrassed expression on her face that captures her tsundere personality perfectly for fans to enjoy by their side! Both Utaha Kasumigaoka and Megumi Kato have also been announced in the B-style bunny girl figure series, so be sure to display all the Saekano bunny girls together!
⇒ PRODUCT DETAILS
Now we have a trio of Saekano bunny girls!!ヽ(*´Д｀*)ﾉ
Left: Megumi Kato: Bunny Ver.
Center: Utaha Kasumigaoka: Bunny Ver.
All three starting female members of blessing software are altogether in beautiful bunny outfits! Eriri is wearing a sexy red outfit and high heels that all have a smooth and shiny paint job which brings out the texture nicely!
The figure is 1/4th scale making it a very impressive size for any collection, and as fans of FREEing's bunny girl series have come to know, she also comes with net tights made from real fabric for an amazingly authentic appearance!
Even the back seam of the tights has been faithfully included on these figures!! The attention to detail for these net tights has always amazed me! Plus from this angle you can see how she is adjusting the bunny suit!
Just look at the sexy twist in her hips… and that belly button!
You really get a good feel for just how tight that bunny girl outfit is! Even though her bust is a little smaller than the other two, with a tight outfit like this even Eriri has more than enough to look sexy!! The curves from her bottom down to her thighs are perfect! ((´д`●))三((●´д`))
Also take a look at the cute pose with her mouth slightly open!
▲ She looks so defenceless!!
All the finer details of her body have also been faithfully captured! Those lovely twin-tails and the hand close to her chest…
Be sure to add her to your collection and enjoy her from all sorts of different angles once she joins your collection! ♥
Eriri Spencer Sawamura: Bunny Ver.!
She is currently up for preorder! ♥
⇒ PRODUCT DETAILS
Plus don't forget this this item is still available for preorder!
Megumi Kato: Bunny Ver.!
⇒ PRODUCT DETAILS
Displaying all three of the original blessing software girls together for the full bunny girl collection effect! ♡
▲ Utaha Kasumigaoka: Bunny Ver. is also up for rerelease! ♥
○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+
Preorder Deadlines!!
Preorders for many products at the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP are closing soon! Here are the products closing on the 7th of December (JST)!
⇒ MORE DETAILS
Most Good Smile Company products are made to order, so if you want to be sure that you get your hands on them preordering is always the safest bet! Make sure you don't miss out! (∩・∀・)∩
○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+
Planning Team / Kahotan / Twitter ID：@gsc_kahotan
English Updates: @gsc_kevin
©2017 丸戸史明・深崎暮人・KADOKAWA ファンタジア文庫刊／冴えない♭な製作委員会
TEAM: Chosen Squad
REGION: Latin America
WEBSITE: http://chosensquad.com/
TWITTER: Chosen_Squad
FACEBOOK: chosensquadmx
MEMBERS:
Dualitat (Team Captain)
Real Name: Sebastian Cebado Miller Alonso
S3lioh
Real Name: Elias Yoab Alvarado Soriano
Dragoniak
Real Name: Raul Ivan Richardo Alamina
Dany Knight
Real Name: Daniel Eunice Rivas Barragan
Coach: RyaNoob
Real Name: Ryan Geddes
Chosen Squad dominated the Halo World Championship Tour: Mexico City, going undefeated in the group stage and besting Chosen Legacy in the finals. They will be representing Latin America at the Halo World Championship. They are excited to be facing teams around the world, and we asked them a few questions while they get ready for action.
ESL: What is your team's strongest/weakest map?
Chosen Squad: Fathom and Empire CTF are the strongest, The Rig Slayer is our weakest.
ESL: In your opinion, what is the best Spartan ability and what's the best way to use it?
Chosen Squad: The Thruster Pack, because thanks to it you can reach distant places and while you're shooting you can dodge bullets.
ESL: What was the greatest obstacle your team had to overcome in order to qualify for worlds?
Chosen Squad: We had problems between the team, and aside from that Insane Onfire was our very first match, we couldn't warm up enough but we managed to beat them 2-1. It was crucial to beat them because we didn't want to play Chosen Legacy early on in the bracket.
ESL: What part of your game does your team have to improve on most in order to win?
Chosen Squad: Coordination between the team when making pushes and controlling the map.
ESL: Which team are you most excited to play? Least excited to play?
Chosen Squad: We will love to play against CLG or EG. They are two of the best teams in the world and have players that we admire. We don't have the least exciting team to play with; all of them are the top of their regions so for every match we will be excited.
The Halo World Championship will happen live in Hollywood, California on March 18-20 where 16 teams from around the world will compete for the title of Halo World Champion and a share of the $2,500,000 prize pool. Follow us for more #HaloWC news on Facebook and Twitter as we get closer to what promises to be the biggest Halo event the world has ever seen!
Share this article:
elix DeJesus, holding a banner showing his daughter's photograph, stands by a memorial in his living room Friday, March 3, 2006, in Cleveland. AP Photo/Tony Dejak Two Ohio women who vanished when they were teenagers were found in the home of a 52-year-old man on Monday.
One of those women, Amanda Berry, called police on Monday afternoon and told a 911 dispatcher that she was with Gina DeJesus in the house, the Cleveland Plain Dealer reports. Berry, who's 27, and 23-year-old DeJesus were taken to a nearby hospital.
A neighbor named Charles Ramsey reportedly heard the girls screaming and trying to get out of the house. He called 911 and gave the phone to Berry, a local ABC affiliate reported.
Just this summer, police were scouring the West Side of Cleveland for Berry's body after getting an apparently false tip from a prisoner who said he knew where she was buried.
The owner of the house where they were finally found was a 52-year-old man named Ariel Castro who had a single domestic violence arrest from 1993, according to the Plain Dealer. A third woman was with them but hasn't been identified.
Berry disappeared back in April 2003, the day before her 17th birthday, after she called her sister to tell her she was getting a ride from her job at a local Burger King.
FBI
A year later, DeJesus, then 14 years old, vanished when she was walking home from school in the same neighborhood where Berry had disappeared. Her mother, Nancy Ruiz, believed that she was abducted and forced into human trafficking, the ABC affiliate reported.
"I always said it from the beginning. She was sold to the highest bidder," Ruiz told the TV station.
PETALUMA (KCBS) – Far more whales die from ship collisions than wash up on beaches, according to a new study from a Petaluma-based nonprofit that works to protect the ecosystem and wildlife.
The report from Point Blue Conservation Science said whale deaths from ships are much higher than previously estimated, if only whales that wash ashore are counted.
“Most whales sink when they die. And so, there are a lot more that disappear without ever being counted,” said Cotton Rockwood, senior marine ecologist and the study's lead author.
Rockwood listed ways to prevent ship collisions. “To move those lanes where possible, to avoid high-density areas of whales,” he told KCBS. “And we can also slow ships down wherever possible. That could have a huge effect decreasing the risk of strike, sometimes up to 70, 80 percent.”
There is a voluntary slowdown off the Greater Farallones National Marine Sanctuary.
Additionally, Rockwood encourages boaters use an app called Whale Alert.
“That can help us to pinpoint where and when we see whales and to report that to mariners on the sea,” he said.
In California, ship strikes of gray whales are the most commonly reported followed by fin, blue, humpback, and sperm whales.
If you spend any time at all with Lego, then the sight above is probably a familiar one: a giant bin full of assorted Lego bricks and parts. As a kid, this was about the pinnacle of my organizational skills (hey, they're in a box, right?) but I'm sure that in aggregate I wasted several years of my life pawing through boxes like this trying to find the next piece that I needed.
Twenty years later I have Lego again, but much less tolerance for digging through piles. So how can we make things better? In this article we show off some of the tricks that we use to keep our stacks organized, so that we can spend our Lego time building efficiently, not looking for bricks. (Warning: article is image heavy!)
So what's the big idea? We need to be able to locate bricks of a given type easily. We need to be able to tell at a glance which colors, kinds, and quantities we have, and be able to separate them easily.
One obvious but not particularly good solution is to get a big set of drawers to store the bricks in. The chief problem with this is one of scalability: For a big collection, you need an awful lot of drawers, particularly for common large bricks. Secondly, the drawers are not fully mostly opaque, and you can spend a lot of time pulling out one drawer after another looking for what you need, even if they are well labeled. Larger drawers also suffer from the usual “pile” problem: Even in a medium-sized bin of sorted parts, it can be hard to tell how many are there in each color.
You could also consider sorting bricks into plastic bags, but this doesn't really solve the fundamental organizational issue, because you've still got to find a way to file and display the plastic bags.
A solution that we like better is to simply stack bricks of like kind together, forming large neat structures that are easy to pick out of a large bin. However this has to be executed with some care. Consider the following picture:
What we have here is a compact and space efficient stack: two 2×2 flat plates stuck together. However, it's an abomination: those pieces are really stuck together. Even the godsend brick separator is all but useless in this particular case and there is hardly any non-destructive way to get the damn bricks apart. (A plastic putty knife or thin guitar pick can work, with effort.)
That naturally leads to our requirement that stacks be easy to separate. If not, you could end up spending all your time trying to get the bricks apart, which isn't much of an improvement versus digging for them. In what follows, we illustrate some of the basic types of large organized stacks that hold together firmly, give easy access, and can always be separated easily.
First off, here is a much better way to stack and store 2×2 flat plates. Each layer alternates a single flat plate with two flat plates side by side. You can make a long stick like this and it is very robust– if you place it in the bin with other big stacks it will come out in one piece. Yet, it is trivially easy to break it apart anywhere you want to– even if you need to get to that one green square in the middle of the stack.
You can of course use the same stacking method with 2×2 round plates, although it ends up looking quite different and does not hold together quite as well. Recommended solutions: (1) Store these in a bin for small parts, unless you use them a lot or (2) follow the method for stacking 2×2 thick bricks shown later, rather than the method for 2×2 flat plates.
There are, of course, some small parts that really are better off not built into stacks.
We organize our small Technic pieces in this divided fishing tackle box with a locking lid. Note that as opposed to the set-of-drawers method, this lets you see– and access– everything at once.
We also keep a separate box for similarly small non-technic pieces.
Speaking of small parts, these are our smallest parts that can be stacked. These 1×1 flat plates form neat columns that we store in the non-technic small parts bin.
There's no trick to this, so why bother? It turns out to be useful because you can see what you've got at a glance– much more easily than with a drawer full of mixed pieces. (Do I have three blue round one-by-one plates?) Also, the columns are much easier to work with. With my much-larger-than-kid-size fingers, it usually takes a couple tries to reach into a tiny bin and pick out (for example) a transparent red round piece rather than a green one. Working with the stacks instead, you can just pull out the column that you want and pick off the pieces that you need.
Here's an interesting method that works well for storing 1×1 full-height bricks. Sandwich even-height columns of them between two large flat plates. When you need a 1×1 piece, peel off the top plate for fast and easy access. When it's time to store them back in the bin, put the top plate back on. While the individual 1×1 columns have almost no strength, the whole assembly with top and bottom plates installed, is remarkably robust.
Build your own great wall. 2×2 full-height bricks are easy to deal with– these stacks are sturdy and always easy to disassemble.
1×4 bricks separate easily, so you can just make square stacks of them with rows of bricks in alternating directions.
1×3 bricks. Just the same. Note that it can be helpful to store printed bricks on the outside of a stack with the image facing out so that you can find (or avoid) them easily.
2×4 bricks are absurdly easy to work with. Added bonus: can be stacked very tall and might make nice columns for that giant-scale Lego castle you're building.
For 2×3 full height bricks, build a tower with a 1×1 hole in the middle. Alternate the two possible configurations on successive layers.
Like the 2×2 flat plates, the 2×4 flat plates can be difficult to separate if you don't stack them carefully. Here, we're alternating two repeating layers to create a strong but easily separable structure.
Painfully simple: A stack of 2×6 flat plates.
The same basic method is used for 2×8 and 2×10 flat plates. Be sure to leave (at least) a 2×2 hole in the middle, which helps to keep them easy to separate.
One Borg Cube's worth of 1×8 full height bricks. These are fairly easy to separate out, but youngsters may want to emulate the method of the 1×8 flat plates (below) for something that's less space-efficient but easier to separate.
1×2 flat plates. While this particular arrangement is very space-efficient, it isn't so easy to take apart– keep a brick separator handy if you use this configuration. While you can stack these in some other ways (e.g., the great wall configuration), they are still hard to take apart. Often, a better bet is to keep them in a small parts bin.
The 1×2 full height bricks pose a bit of a challenge, it takes a little bit of thought to construct them into a larger shape that has sufficient rigidity for normal handling. The first three pictures illustrate the method: build alternating layers of 1×2 bricks as shown. The end result is actually solid enough to pick up and store in the bins with the other big stacks.
Assorted large flat pieces can be stored together by stacking them, each offset by at least one unit. Depending on how many you have, it may be better to create a few separate stacks.
Stacking 2×3 flat plates. These plates are a funny size– too small to treat like normal bricks but too large to file with the tiny parts. Stacking them into one big ingot of identical parts helps a lot in that respect.
2×6 Bricks. This one may actually be a little bit on the dense side, it can take a brick separator for kids to break these off. Youngsters may want to emulate the 2×6 flat brick stacking method instead.
Here is a good method for use with 1×4 flat plates, although it can be applied in other situations as well. Alternate four side-by-side pieces in a layer with two perpendicular ones. This also makes large, sturdy canes that can be stored in a bin, but provides easy access anywhere in the stack without a brick separator.
I like this method for stacking 1×8 flat plates a lot– not only is it efficient, but it looks cool.
The same stacking can of course be used for the 1×6 flat and 1×10 flat pieces.
Other evilmadscientist Lego projects:
In Sweden, the beavers are back … but is that a good thing?
Reintroduction of the Eurasian beaver (Castor fiber) to Sweden began in the 1920s. Image: Marie and Alistair Knock, Flickr
When it comes to wildlife conservation and species extinctions, depressing stories abound. But sometimes conservation success comes with its own challenges. Such is the fascinating story of what may be the most successful species reintroduction of all time – the return of the Eurasian beaver to Sweden.
Long prized for its fur and castoreum (a scent extract used to this day in perfumes and food additives), the Eurasian beaver may have been locally hunted to extinction even by prehistoric times. Trade in beaver pelts had developed as early as the 10th century, growing into a roaring trade by the late 1500s. By 1756, Swedish scientists were raising the alarm about the beaver's decline, but hunting continued. As numbers dwindled, a hunting ban in 1873 came too late – in fact, it came two years after Sweden's beaver population had been declared extinct! Remnant populations remained in some parts of Europe and Asia, including small pockets in Belarus, Mongolia, Russia, Ukraine, China, France, Germany and Norway. Even so, it's estimated that only 1200 animals remained right across the species' range at the time.
“It's the most successful reintroduction ever,” says Jorgensen. But it's also a good lesson in being careful what you wish for.”
The return of the beaver to Sweden, from a remnant population in Norway, began in the 1920s, making it one of the world's earliest cases of reintroduction. That also makes it a great case to study – the long time window gives researchers the opportunity to examine the effectiveness, challenges and impact of the reintroduction process. Dolly Jørgensen, an Environmental Historian and Researcher in the Department of Ecology and Environmental Science at Sweden's Umeå University, is one researcher who has studied that process in detail.
Inspiration for the original reintroduction came from Eric Festin (1878-1945), a director of a Swedish county museum who had a passionate interest in conservation. It was his vision to return to the Beaver River Valley (Bjurälvdalen), in northern Jämtland, its long-missing namesake. The initial reintroduction was of one pair brought from Norway in 1922. The project's success and positive publicity led to a series of further reintroductions: about 80 over the next 20 years.
Fast-forward to present day, and the Swedish beaver population has grown ... a lot. The 100 or so relocated individuals were certainly prolific – an estimated 130,000 of their progeny are now quite at home in Sweden, says Göran Hartman, a lecturer in the Department of Ecology at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences in Uppsala. Hartman studied their ecology for his doctoral thesis, and since then has continued to investigate the genetics, spread and population growth of these reintroduced fuzzy, tree-chomping swimmers. His personal fascination with beavers dates back to his childhood, says Hartman, when he first came across their tracks.
Growth was slow for decades after reintroduction, with a rapid surge in numbers in the 1970s, levelling to slower growth in the nineties that continues even now, explains Hartman. “It's the most successful reintroduction ever,” says Jorgensen. But it's also a good lesson in being careful what you wish for.
I munched here. Signed, Eurasian beaver. Image taken at Sweden's Lake Magelungen, Hans G Bäckman, Flickr.
The wood-loving, semi-aquatic rodents are not called 'ecosystem engineers' for nothing. And when these long-absent 'engineers' returned to Sweden, they brought their dam habits along, too. Their habits, that is, of building dams, which back up waters and create newly flooded areas that impact private and public landowners, as well as bridges and roads. "They do damage to trees,” explains Jørgensen. "In Sweden, forestry is the primary industry, and beavers like trees too!” she adds.
Beaver presence and conservation activities don't always go together. Preserving and managing hardwood forests for birds, for example, especially aspen woods, can be tricky when the wood-munching rodents are around. “That's exactly the kind of wood that beavers are going to cut down,” Jørgensen explains. “It's not all bad,” she cautions, because beavers make microhabitats that benefit some species, “but not everything they do is positive.”
In Sweden hunting rights are tied to land ownership, explains Hartman, with no bag limits, and in summer, landowners are permitted to tear down inconveniently sited beaver dams (not lodges). It's a strategy that appears to keep the situation harmonious, though the magnitude of the problem, admits Hartman, depends upon whom you ask.
The European beaver reintroduction provides fascinating insights into the positive and negative consequences of turning back time by bringing back species humans once eliminated. In weighing up the pros and cons of reintroduction as a conservation tool, history can be a helpful reference, though not necessarily a guide. The Eurasian beaver population is now considered secure, not just in Sweden, but across its range. Through natural spread and new reintroductions, the furry animal continues to recolonise areas that haven't seen beavers for centuries or even millennia. As creatures that drastically re-engineer their environment to suit their needs, beavers are perhaps not so unlike us humans. So perhaps there's a lesson or two we can learn from living side by (watery) side.
Top header image: Matteo Tarenghi, Flickr
From the told you so section of the news comes a report that the Obama administration is having trouble convincing people to buy insurance, or pay a fine – despite the fact that they've extended the window to buy coverage. Why? Well…
This is the first year fines are being collected from uninsured people the government deems able to afford coverage. Tax preparation company H&R Block says the penalty averages about $170 among its affected customers. It usually is deducted from a person's tax refund. Those penalized are mainly the kind of people the law was intended to help: low- and middle-income workers who do not have coverage on the job or are self-employed. Roughly 4 million people are expected to pay fines, according to congressional estimates.
Basically, in June of 2014 CNN reported that the average monthly Bronze Obamacare payment after subsidies was $82, or $984/year. That is significantly more than the 2014 penalty. That's also significantly more than the $325/year minimum penalty for this year. Turns out that the administration miscalculated just how much of a deterrent the fine fine was; which is pretty much par for the course for this administration, huh?
And, hey: I told you so.
Moe Lane (crosspost)
PS: Note, by the way, that as per that CNN article the administration is paying out over $3,100/year for subsidized plans. If that subsidy shrivels up for state exchanges – because of, say, a looming court case – then pretty much the individual mandate is toast anyway. Moral of the story? Read the law that you're trying to pass first. If you can't, then maybe you shouldn't pass it.
*So why can't the government just raise the penalty? …Funny thing about that: the individual mandate is actually a tax. There was a Supreme Court decision, and everything. And while the administration may be deluding itself that it can muck about with changing tax rates for businesses without Congressional approval, doing the same for individuals is a bridge too far for even the most egregious egotist.
The highly anticipated Chilcot report is one that many of us have been eagerly waiting for. Yet as someone who is half-Iraqi and half-British, I feel somewhat torn. As a Brit, I understand the frustration of being led to believe we would be invading a country with weapons of mass destructions. Yet as an Iraqi, it feels as though the inquiry is entirely irrelevant.
Almost coinciding with one of Iraq's deadliest post-war atrocities, killing an estimated 250 people, the Chilcot Inquiry means little to mourning Iraqis. For most of them, it was Saddam Hussain himself who was Iraq's most definitive WMD, a period pre-2003 that has been somewhat glamorised.
Bizarrely, Saddam's notorious dictatorship is one that is often painted as a period of stability and security. Such descriptions can only come from the clueless yet well intentioned, or by those who have forgotten the true horrors of his totalitarian regime. Saddam's Iraq was one that violated the human rights of millions of Iraqis. Torture, mass murder, rape and chemical warfare were widespread, leading millions – my father included – to become displaced and scattered across the globe.
But although the 2003 invasion led to the downfall of Saddam, it also inadvertently led to thousands of Iraqis being killed and millions more being forced out of their country. It also gave rise to the so-called Islamic State. While the recent recapture of Fallujah from IS can be seen as a victory of sorts, the latest blasts in Karrada show that Iraq continues to be a country gripped by deep sectarian divisions. The helpless relatives of the wounded, missing and murdered remain oblivious, or even indifferent, to the Chilcot Report. It can only reaffirm what they already know – the 2003 invasion will always cast a black cloud over their country.
Yesterday's verdict from Sir John Chilcot's 2million words of blame will forever leave Blair's legacy damned. The findings have confirmed much of what we already knew – the UK chose to join the US invasion of Iraq before other peaceful options had been explored and, perhaps most glaringly, that post-war planning had been largely ignored. The war was rested on flawed intelligence and would lead to a country destined for chaos. Yet despite the rise of IS, Blair continues to unrepentantly insist that the right decision was made and “the world is better and safer” for it. The report also tells us that Iraq's weapons capabilities “were presented with a certainty that was not justified”.
Much talk regarding the inquiry has been centred on whether or not Blair will face time in the dock. This is no more than a fantasy. Chilcot's inquiry doesn't tell us if Blair committed any war crimes. Nor should it matter - surely an illegal war that brings about peace is better than a legal war that brings nothing more than chaos and instability?
Saddam's rule was undoubtedly abhorrent. Many Iraqis continue to grapple between determining if his regime was worse than what remains of their country today, but it is undeniably clear that under Saddam, Iraq was beyond reform. An intervention certainly was necessary.
But for Blair to depict his intervention as a humanitarian mission is sickeningly untrue. His greatest crime – and one of the biggest lessons that can be learnt from this report – is the lack of better planning to help deliver a more stable Iraq beyond the toppling of the horrific dictator that Saddam was. Blair relied on US intelligence far too heavily – something he even admits himself – and spent too little time preparing military brigades for deployment in Iraq. The deep sectarian divide was underestimated, and the flawed intelligence assessments were not debated with rigour at a time when they should have been.
Do I regret seeing the 2003 invasion and the toppling of Saddam? Absolutely not. What I do regret is the entirely avoidable consequences which came about as a result of the failings of Bush and Blair's administration. As demonstrated by the recent scenes in Karrada, not only does Iraq bear the scars of Saddam's rule, but it continues to bleed today.
Absolutely, Tiger tank drivers were taught to present their tanks to the enemy at ‘meal time'. This image will help me to explain, it's from the Tigers manual, the Tigerfibel.
Ignore the red bits for now, the green ‘clover leaf' shows the range at which the T-34–57 could penetrate the Tiger 1. As you can see it's 500m out to the front, and 1500m to the sides and rear. However if the Tiger angles itself, at 45* to the Tiger the T-34 cannot penetrate it at all. Now you see those small red circles on the green ring? Those are the ‘meal times', the driver was trained to keep one of those imaginary circles pointing at the enemy. When engaging multiple enemies, you ‘meal timed' to one, and shot the other. For reference they have the times of a clock, I'm sure you're familiar with using ‘time' to represent direction. You engaged at the daily meal times, 1:30, 4:30, 7:30, and 10:30. That would ensure that nothing on the eastern front could penetrate the Tiger, at least until bigger guns started turning up. The same practice was shown on the western front, to the same success.
I don't speak German, but ‘'Das betreten des kleeblattes ist T 34 verboten!'' apparently means ‘'For you T-34 to enter the clover leaf is forbidden!''
Facing that angle to the enemy is quite a steep angle, exposing the side armour. The Tiger 1 did this because it's side armour was almost as thick as the front armour. Other tanks with lower side armour compared to front armour angled less, for example Panthers were trained just to look straight at the enemy, as they had really thin side armour and thicker front armour than even the Tiger 1.
Hot on the heels of developer Michel Ancel suggesting Beyond Good & Evil 2 is finally in the works, Ubisoft has announced Beyond Good & Evil on PC will be free next week.
As part of the Ubisoft Club promotion, Beyond Good & Evil goes free from 12th October on PC (you need a uPlay account to get in on the action).
New month, new game! Beyond Good & Evil will be available for free from October 12 on PC! #Ubi30 pic.twitter.com/myJvRBSzDO — Ubisoft Club (@UbisoftClub) October 5, 2016
Beyond Good & Evil launched in 2003 for GameCube, PlayStation 2 and the original Xbox. Critically acclaimed, it has won cult classic status, but the past 13 years have seen a sequel repeatedly fail to get off the ground.
Incredible fair play! Werder's Aaron Hunt gets the referee to reverse a Bremen penalty call v Nurnberg
There was a superb moment of fair play witnessed in the Bundesliga on Saturday night in the match between Nurnberg and Werder Bremen.
Bremen were leading 2-0 in the second half, when the visitors were awarded a penalty after Aaron Hunt fell in the Nurnberg box.
The penalty award was bogus as Hunt fell in the area after failing to get touch by a Nurnberg defender, and possibly racked with a guilty conscience for winning a penalty while diving, Hunt chose to reverse the ref's decision.
Hunt immediately went up to the referee, spoke to him to advise him that no penalty should be awarded, and the ref took the advise and handing Nurnberg the ball.
Unfortunately we'll never know if Hunt had acted in the same way had the scores been 0-0.
Watch Aaron Hunt's excellent moment of sportsmanship for Werder Bremen at Nurnberg below.
Verizon Wireless has rolled out the first major update for the Droid Maxx 2 that it launched in October last year, alongside the Droid Turbo 2. As we told you recently, Big Red announced the final Android 6.0 Marshmallow update rollout for owners of the Droid Turbo 2. After rolling out the update to the more expensive sibling, the carrier has now shifted focus to the Droid Maxx 2.
The Android 6.0 Marshmallow update for the Droid Maxx 2 started rolling out over the weekend, so by now some of you may have received the update on your device. If you haven't received the update notification on your smartphone yet, you may need to wait a little longer. Alternatively, you also have the option of checking for the update manually by going to Settings – About Phone – Software Update. If the update is available for your device, you should be able to download the OTA update and get it installed. However, before you proceed to download the OTA update, do make sure that you connect your device to a Wi-Fi network. Since the Android Marshmallow update weighs in at around 1GB in terms of size, we do not recommend downloading the OTA update over the cellular network.
After installing the update on your Motorola Droid Maxx 2, you should see the current software version get updated to SU1A: 23.44.3.lux_verizon.verizon.en.US/ SU2B: 24.64.4.lux_verizon.verizon.en.US. Some of the key highlights of the new update include Google Now on Tap with contextual search results, Doze mode, app standby, more control over app permissions, app links, adaptable expandable storage, do not disturb, more intuitive volume controls, and Direct Share. In addition to these changes, Motorola has removed the Ambient Display feature and migrated it to Moto Display. More info on the software update can be found at this link.
Have any of our readers with the Motorola Droid Maxx 2 received the update yet? If you have, please do leave a comment down below telling us what you think of the update.
There have been 13 reported cases of West Nile virus in humans in Ottawa so far in 2017 — the most since the virus made its first appearance in Canada in 2001.
Before this summer, the highest number of West Nile cases was eight in 2012, said Ottawa Public Health on Wednesday. But with temperatures at summertime levels over the past week and hot weather predicted into next week, public health officials warn that virus-carrying mosquitoes will continue to bite until there have been several hard frosts.
The mosquitoes most likely to transmit West Nile are Culex pipiens, the northern house mosquito. These are found in urban areas and around homes. Testing has shown mosquitoes carrying the virus in all urban areas of Ottawa.
There are no vaccines to prevent or medications to treat West Nile. Most infected people do not have any symptoms, but about 20 per cent may experience flu-like symptoms including fever, headache and muscle aches. In less than one per cent of cases, West Nile invades the central nervous system. Older adults, the elderly and people with weakened immune systems are most at risk.
Residents can protect themselves by using a Health Canada-approved mosquito repellent containing DEET or icaridin to exposed skin and clothing, says Ottawa Public Health. Mosquitoes are most active between dusk and dawn and anytime near shady, bushy or wooded areas.
Residents are also urged to make sure windows and doors are equipped with screens; to reduce standing water sites such as bird baths, flower pot saucers, swimming pool covers and old tires; and to cover openings to rain barrels with screen mesh.
To prevent bites, wear light-coloured, tightly woven, loose-fitting clothing such as long pants, a long-sleeved shirt, and shoes and socks.
Ottawa Public Health's West Nile prevention plan includes weekly surveillance and mosquito larvicidal treatment of natural and artificial standing water sites located on city property, such as ditches and storm water management ponds. Ottawa Public Health also regularly applies larvicide in city-owned roadside storm sewer catch-basins.
For additional information visit ottawapublichealth.ca or call Ottawa Public Health Information at 613-580-6744.
Capitol Media Services: Regulators May Question Utilities About "Dark Money," AG Rules
State utility regulators have a legal right to question company executives about whether they secretly funneled money into political campaigns, Attorney General Mark Brnovich said today.
In a formal legal opinion, Brnovich sided with Corporation Commissioner Bob Burns, who has been trying for months to get Arizona Public Service to open its books to show political donations. When efforts to secure voluntary compliance failed, Burns made an official demand.
APS refused. And attorney Mary O'Grady, writing to Burns on behalf of utility investors, said the power of commissioners to inspect utilities' books is limited. So Burns asked Brnovich to take a look.
ClimateWire: Clean Power What? Most Americans Haven't Heard of Climate Rule
The Obama administration's Clean Power Plan, considered by many to be the most far-reaching climate regulation ever set forth by the U.S. government, has barely registered in the minds of most American voters.
A new national poll found 7 in 10 voters have heard "just a little or nothing at all" about EPA's regulation to rein in carbon emissions from power plants.
In a different poll of Texas voters that was also released yesterday, 85 percent of respondents surveyed had not "seen, read or heard of a federal policy called the Clean Power Plan."
Portland Press Herald: Republican States Benefiting From Shift to Wind and Solar Energy
While Republican lawmakers in Washington have fought to protect coal-fired power plants, opposing President Barack Obama's efforts to curtail climate-warming carbon emissions, data show their home states are often the ones benefiting most from the nation's accelerating shift to renewable energy.
Leading the way in new wind projects are Republican strongholds Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas, home to some of the leading critics of climate science and renewable energy incentives in Congress. Republican-dominated North Carolina trails only California in new solar farms, thanks largely to pro-renewables polices enacted years ago under a Democratic legislature.
Vox: Solar Power Is Contagious. These Maps Show How It Spreads.
Rooftop solar is expanding rapidly in the United States -- by some estimates, a new system goes up every four minutes. There are plenty of reasons for that, from falling prices to generous federal subsidies to innovative leasing schemes.
But there's another, little-discussed factor here: Residential solar power is contagious. Yep, contagious. Studies have found that if you install solar photovoltaic panels on your roof, that increases the odds that your neighbors will install their own panels.
Reuters: Shift in Saudi Oil Thinking Deepens OPEC Split
As OPEC officials gathered this week to formulate a long-term strategy, few in the room expected the discussions would end without a clash. But even the most jaded delegates got more than they had bargained with.
"OPEC is dead," declared one frustrated official, according to two sources who were present or briefed about the Vienna meeting.
This was far from the first time that OPEC's demise has been proclaimed in its 56-year history, and the oil exporters' group itself may yet enjoy a long life in the era of cheap crude.
Hamilton police have charged the owner of a medical marijuana dispensary on Barton Street East.
Until legislation changes, we are going to continue to investigate every single one. - Det. Sgt. Frank Mossuto
The vice and drug unit used a search warrant to enter The Medicine Cabinet, a dispensary at 1050 Barton St. E. It happened just before 3 p.m. on Feb. 3.
The owner was "selling or giving marijuana or marijuana derivatives to clients," police say. Officers seized about $20,000 worth of marijuana and marijuana derivative products, including edible THC-based products.
Police also executed a search warrant for the Cloud Nine head shop and lounge at 1048 Barton St. E., but no charges were laid.
This is just the latest move in the city's attempt to get a handle on marijuana dispensaries.
City officials say it's a policing issue, but have formed a task force that includes bylaw, licensing and health staff to figure out how to regulate the businesses. Police say there are at least 15 dispensaries around the city — and that number is growing.
The federal government has committed to legalizing marijuana, but it hasn't happened yet. Until then, police say, they follow the law and charge people who sell marijuana.
"They're all illegal," said Det. Sgt. Frank Mossuto. "We're investigating all of them. Until legislation changes, we are going to continue to investigate every single one."
So far, Mossuto said, police have executed warrants on six dispensaries and laid multiple charges. Before this, the most recent was Royal Farmacy at 1395 Main St. E., where identical charges were laid.
Each investigation takes time, he said, because each search requires getting judicial authority. Finding them isn't hard.
'We're just trying to investigate as many of these as we can'
"We can use Google Maps. We can do an interest search. We can track people on their Twitter accounts," he said. "We're just trying to investigate as many of these as we can."
When police use a search warrant on a medical marijuana dispensary, he said, they can potentially charge people in the dispensary who are in possession of pot. "If they have marijuana on them, we check for (medical marijuana) licenses," he said.
As for the dispensaries, Clint Younge, CEO of MMJ Canada, said in the fall that he hired a lawyer to fight charges related to the raid on his Hess Village dispensary. Younge maintained that prosecuting him was a waste of resources.
"Why there's such an aggressive approach in Ontario, I do not understand," he told CBC Hamilton.
In the Medicine Cabinet case, police have charged a 29-year-old woman who owns and operates the business with possession of marijuana for the purpose of trafficking, possession of THC for the purpose of trafficking, and possession of proceeds under $5,000. She'll appear in court in March.
In January, CBC interviewed Britney Guerra, who identified herself as the owner of the Medicine Cabinet. Guerra said she supports the city licensing marijuana dispensaries.
"We want to adjust to make everybody happy," she said. "We want to be here and help the neighbourhood. I'd love to stay and be regulated."
For 15 years, Richmond's ska and punk community has marked the holiday season with Skalidays, a celebration of local music and charity.
Richmond ska rock band Murphy's Kids is ready to ring in the Skaliday season with one hell of a party.
For 15 years, the band has brought together members of Richmond's ska and punk community for Skalidays, a celebration of local music and holiday charity.
“One of the years that we held Skalidays at Alley Katz, they allowed us to open a ventilation grate in the floor of the third story and belay our lead singer down to the first floor,” says Murphy's Kids band member Reid Attaway. “Once lowered far enough, the crowd passed him up to the stage. And holy hell, it worked and we didn't hurt him or anyone in the crowd!”
Skalidays started in 1999 by Richmond ska band Bankshot, who asked Murphy's Kids to be on the bill. Bankshot broke up the following summer and Murphy's Kids decided to keep doing the show and add a holiday charity aspect to it. The first year the group raised more than $600 for a local home for women and children trying to escape abusive living situations.
More than a decade later, Skalidays continues to raise money and awareness for a different local charitable organization every year. Past events have helped out ROSMY, the Richmond Peace Education Center, Richmond Food Not Bombs, the Central Virginia Food Bank, WRIR, and a number of others. Proceeds from this year's event will benefit the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation in honor of a local Richmond family who have a child affected by the disorder.
“Typically we choose organizations that are small, local, and can implement the money we're able to raise to make improvements during that same holiday season,” Attaway says.
The bands and venues change almost every year, but Murphy's Kids is the one constant. They act as the host of ceremonies and bring bands they love to play with. This year, Imaginary Sons, 6 Track Amateur, Toxic Moxie, and Signal Fire will be playing before Murphy's Kids ends the night with a bang.
“We choose the bands based on the bands that we know will bring either a unique musical or performance element to the show and will work hard to get their friends and families out to support a good cause, regardless of the full lineup,” Attaway says. “It's also bands that we want to see or play with. Toxic Moxie are some new friends of ours that we've just started seeing in the last year. Signal Fire and 6 Track Amateur played last year, but once just wasn't enough so we had to have both back. We're sure that the show-goers will feel the same way.”
15 years of hosting an event is not lost on the band. The members of Murphy's Kids are overwhelmed by the number of people who attend and agree that Skalidays never would have become anything without the support of the community.
“If you told me in 2000–the first year Murphy's Kids hosted the event–that we'd be doing this show in 15 years, I wouldn't have believed you,” Attaway says. “Every year we're thrilled at the response that the show gets from our friends and families, and we're stoked to add to the family with new bands and different venues every year. We really hope that everyone who comes has a blast and that we can create a unique show experience from decorations to the music to the stage shows of all the bands.”
Skalidays takes place at the Camel on Dec. 20th. $8/advance, $10 at the door. For more information, go to the Skalidays Facebook page.
Photo by: Brandon Hambright
Recommend this
on Facebook
Report an error
Subscribe to our
Weekly Digest
· in Fan of the Fan
Combined images from NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) and Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO) satellites show a giant blob of plasma (top) ejected by the sun on Thursday. The cloud of charged gas is expected to reach Earth Sunday. (Courtesy of NASA)
A huge sunspot unleashed a blob of charged plasma Thursday that space weather watchers predict will blast past the Earth on Sunday. Satellite operators and power companies are keeping a close eye on the incoming cloud, which could distort the Earth's magnetic field and disrupt radio communications, especially at higher latitudes.
“Our simulations show potential to pack a good punch to Earth's near-space environment,” said Antti Pulkkinen of the Space Weather Laboratory at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt.
But, he added, “We're not looking at an extreme event here.”
The front edge of the burst should arrive on Sunday morning, said Joseph Kunches, a spokesman for the Space Weather Prediction Center, part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Boulder, Colo.
“At first glance, it was, ‘Oh my God, it's at the center of the [sun's] disk, it ought to go right to the Earth,' ” Kunches said. But upon further review and “head-scratching” Thursday, NOAA's space weather team calculated that most of the plasma blob should pass harmlessly over the top of our planet.
“It's more of a glancing blow,” Pulkkinen said.
At their most intense, solar discharges, known as “coronal mass ejections,” can disrupt satellites, radio communications and the power grid, and force airlines to reroute transcontinental flights that pass near the North Pole. Solar activity can also generate dancing auroras, the northern and southern lights.
Spit out by the sun Thursday morning, the huge blob of charged gas spotted by NASA satellites is speeding toward Earth at more than 2 million mph. The most damaging solar discharges, which are very rare, can zoom at speeds more than twice that fast.
The ejection appears to be the most threatening since the sun spit out three large blobs in quick succession last August.
Such discharges shoot out of sunspots, which are dark areas on the sun's surface where tangled magnetic fields sometimes discharge massive spurts of energy.
Solar activity ramps up and down on a roughly 11-year cycle. Over the past year, the number of solar flares has jumped up as the sun approaches its predicted maximum activity in 2013.
While the Earth appears to have dodged this particular solar bullet, the roiling sunspot could generate more activity over the coming week before it rotates out of the view of the Earth.
“We're keeping a close eye on it,” Pulkkinen said.
Besides sparking pretty auroras, heightened solar activity has a more tangible benefit: It cleans up space junk. As the sun acts up, the Earth's atmosphere expands, increasing friction on dead satellites, rocket parts and other trash in low Earth orbit, pulling them down.
The amount of debris in Earth orbit “actually decreased during 2011 as solar activity increased toward an anticipated maximum,” NASA's chief space junk watcher, Nicholas Johnson, wrote in the January issue of the agency's Orbital Debris Quarterly Newsletter.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- As temperatures soar in the River City. Richmonders are finding a sanctuary in scoops. At Brook Road and Marshall Street, customers are lining up to cool down.
Stoplight Gelato offers flavors aplenty, but patrons say the sweetest treat isn't found on a menu or even in a cone.
Barbara Given works from opening to close. That is nearly 15 hours a day and six days a week.
“Absolutely. A labor of love and it has been a labor no question about that,” said Given.
It is quite a workload for someone who is 82-years-old and who lives with scoliosis.
“I just feel fortunate that I can walk,” she said.
Given said when you're the boss it's always gone, go, go when the chores never stop.
Never mind keeping up with this motivated senior citizen.
“There is a lot going on for sure,” said Given.
The former educator with a PhD at George Mason seemingly never slows.
“Actually, I don't come in here every day. I come downstairs every day because I live upstairs,” explained Given.
This isn't her first foray into frozen desserts. As a teen she managed an ice cream shop in her native Kansas.
“You could get six big scoops for 19 cents,” she said.
But why would anyone want to tackle so much responsibility especially at her age?
The answer arrived two years ago.
Her beloved son Bryce, who envisioned opening this very gelato shop, lost his battle with cancer at just 52. Bryce died on Easter morning in 2015.
“He worked as hard as he could until he couldn't physically work anymore,” said Given. “How much do you miss your hand or arm or whatever? That is not calculable.”
She might not have her son, but she could hold onto his idea.
“After my son passed away I said what are you up here for you need to get down there and finish what you started,” said Given.
So, she rolled up her sleeves. The 100-year old building needed renovating. Given also needed to learn gelato from A to Z.
“It sounds so easy, but it wasn't easy at all. I kept thinking maybe we'll need this. Maybe we'll need that,” recalled Given. “A lot of work. A lot of work.”
Not everyone including daughter Bethany Stranick, thought opening Stoplight was the brightest idea. But Given was determined.
“I was the first to tell her just lock it up and sell it,” said Stranick.
So Stranick left her career in dentistry to partner with Mom in the one year old budding business.
“I've never met anyone with the tenacity and force of will. And that is what is so inspirational,” said Stranick. “It truly is a gift being able to work with her every day.”
Stranick now makes each flavor from scratch.
“I do not like it. I do not have a sweet tooth,” said Stranick. “Here I am making gelato.”
Neighbors and her returning customers like Manisee Bosewell commend Stoplight's heart and soul.
“This is her block. We come here because of her. I am telling you,” said Bosewell. “She works so diligently. I come in here and everything is so good and she is so nice.”
Don't even mention the “R” word (retire) to Barbara Given.
“I think I would grow old if I weren't working,” she said.
This unlikely business owner thrives serving customers love in every scoop all while carrying on Bryce's dream before it melted away.
“It has been a very good decision. I am glad I did it,” said Given. “Oh, I think about him every day. All of the time.”
The NY terror attack where Sayfullo Saipov killed eight people and injured 11 more has its roots in lawfare by the left-wing.
This attack was the tenth vehicle attack in the western world this year alone.
Facebook filters and prayer hashtags will do nothing until we have the intellectual honesty confront the truth?
The truth is that our western ideals and way of life is under attack, and until we do something more than hashtag and likes then we will continue to see more and more of these awful attacks events in our own backyard, even in New Zealand.
It's time for our politicians to stop tiptoeing around the elephant in the room, call radical Islamic terrorism by its name.
Earlier this year, a final settlement was reached in the war on the NYPD's counterterrorist Islamic surveillance. The Manhattan courtroom where the lawfare effort to dismantle the NYPD's ability to stop terrorist attacks was heard is blocks away from the site of the latest Islamic terrorist attack in New York.
Walk two blocks down to City Hall. And then head down Chambers to the West Side Highway. That's where the terrorist attack that killed eight people ended when an NYPD officer shot the terrorist. If he had kept going down the West Side Highway, instead of crashing into a school bus, he would have eventually been within attack range of the 9/11 Memorial. And maybe that was his original plan.
But his message was very clear. He shouted it as he left the truck with which he murdered 8 people.
“Allahu Akbar”. These were the last words on the Flight 93 flight recorder. Mohamed Atta had advised his fellow 9/11 hijackers to, “Shout, ‘Allahu Akbar,' because it strikes fear in the hearts of the infidels.”
Sayfullo Saipov, the Muslim terrorist who carried out the latest attack, was just listening to Atta's advice. The 16th anniversary of the attacks has passed, but the hatred of Allah's killers burns as hot as ever.
And the attack carried clear echoes of 9/11.
Saipov had listed an address in Paterson, NJ. Paterson, known to the locals as ‘Paterstine' for its sizable Islamic community, is where the PLO terror flag flies over City Hall and where Islamic terrorist sympathizers celebrated after their compatriots murdered thousands on 9/11.
Paterson is also where 6 of the 9/11 hijackers lived.
The terrorist reportedly rented the truck used in the attack in Jersey City. That's where the terrorists who bombed the World Trade Center rented the van they used in the attack. And Jersey City was where some of the terrorists lived. And it's where Muslims were caught celebrating the September 11 attacks.
The attack by the Muslim settler from Uzbekistan was almost identical to previous Car Jihad attacks in Europe. Right down to using a fake firearm. But New York City had avoided the non-stop terror wave that engulfed Paris and other European cities thanks to the hard work of the NYPD.
But every time the NYPD broke up an Islamic terror plot, the media and its leftist allies would howl that the racist police had entrapped another innocent mentally ill Muslim. When the Newburgh Four plotted to bomb synagogues in the Bronx, the media was in their corner. HBO even aired The Newburgh Sting, a piece of propaganda whitewashing the terrorists. The revisionist documentary played at the Tribeca Film Festival. And Tribeca is the site of the latest Islamic terrorist attack.
Linda Sarsour, the leading Islamic activist on the left, defended Ahmed Ferhani, who had also plotted to blow up a synagogue, and Shahawar Matin Siraj, who was convicted of plotting to blow up a Manhattan subway station, as victims of NYPD entrapment.
But it's hard to think of a NYPD or FBI terror bust in New York that the media didn't undermine. The Nation and the Guardian led the lynch mob. But soon CBS, The Atlantic and the New York Times joined in. All the Muslim terrorists that the NYPD had stopped were really immature and easily manipulated young men. The plots had been invented by paid informants. And it didn't stop there.
For the last four years, the ACLU and other pro-terror groups had waged an effective lawfare campaign to cripple the NYPD's counterterrorism. And they succeeded. The NYPD's ability to send informants into mosques was handicapped. New York cops were now required to consider the “impact” of informants on mosques after Islamist groups claimed that their presence discouraged mosque attendance. The approvals required made it much harder to use one of the more effective terror prevention tools.
The Demographics Unit, one of the most important big picture intel tools for the NYPD, was shut down. But that wasn't enough. Even when the NYPD agreed to a settlement, Judge Charles S. Haight Jr. insisted that it didn't go far enough to protect “law-abiding Muslims and believers in Islam who live, move and have their being in this city.”
As a spin doctor, there are two phone calls that make your heart sink: the one from a journalist relaying some excruciating allegation about your boss's personal life or past history; and the second, the call you have to make to said boss in order to work out your response.
Pigs to peerages: Lord Ashcroft's act of revenge shows British politics at its venal worst | Simon Jenkins Read more
Working for Gordon Brown, a man of Victorian sensibilities and a volatile temper, the second call was invariably greeted with the single word “What?!” repeated with increasing volume and violence as I recounted the misdeed of which he had been accused. Even so, I'd conclude with the essential question that all spin doctors must ask in these situations: “What's the truth?” Not, “What shall we say?” or, “How do you want me to handle it?” but instead the absolute insistence on knowing the full, unvarnished facts before deciding whether and how to spin them.
Sometimes, especially with Brown, that question provoked an angry barrage of abuse, as if just by asking it, I was implying the allegation might be true. That was good. That was what I wanted to hear. With other politicians, celebrities and friends I've advised over the years, you'd instead hear a dread pause, then a hesitant, “Well…”. That's when you know you're screwed.
So let us pause for a moment to pity the poor soul who had to call up David Cameron yesterday and tell him that – inter alia – the new biography of him by Lord Ashcroft and Isabel Oakeshott would allege that he'd once engaged in a bizarre ritual with a dead pig.
So what's the truth? Only the prime minister and the porker know for sure, and neither have commented to date. But, in their place, we have a host of unofficial denials from “party sources” or “friends of Cameron”, and some well-informed scepticism from his Oxford contemporary Toby Young.
However, I'm confused by the lack of an official denial. Not from the No 10 civil service press office – that's not their job – but from the many political advisers who work on Cameron's media team. I regularly issued statements from No 10 as a “spokesman for Gordon Brown” on matters personal, and did so precisely when I needed a denial or clarification to carry extra weight, especially for the benefit of other media outlets considering whether to follow up the story.
Perhaps the spin doctors' “what's the truth?” conversation with the PM wasn't as clear-cut as they might've liked
If, on Sunday night – when details first emerged from the Daily Mail serialisation – a spokesman for Cameron had issued an official statement saying: “This disgusting story is a complete and utter fabrication, and casts huge doubt on the credibility of all the other allegations in this book”, it would have been pretty devastating for the Mail and for Ashcroft, and would have deterred other newspapers from repeating either the pig story or the book's many other revelations.
Indeed, the first thing you do as a spin doctor when a book is serialised about your boss or your party is to look for one howling error that you can highlight to discredit all the other accurate things the author has written, and suggest they've been relying on sources inclined to make things up.
So why no official denial in this case? Perhaps the PM's spin team decided that responding officially to the pig story would oblige them to respond to potentially more damaging allegations regarding Ashcroft's non-dom status. Better, instead, to say they were not commenting on any of the book's contents.
So Cameron was young and reckless. Lucky he wasn't young, reckless and poor | Gary Younge Read more
If so, it was a major miscalculation, and one I'd suggest they are too experienced to have made. In the absence of an instant bucket of water, the story has caught fire over the past two days. Not only that, it's allowed other newspapers to declare open season on Cameron's private life, as we see from today's “coke parties” splash in the Sun.
My successors in No 10 must have seen that coming, so their failure to head it off must be ascribed to something else.
Perhaps the “what's the truth?” conversation with the prime minister wasn't as clear-cut as they might have liked, and they had no option but to let the story run, let everyone have their fun, and get on with the business of governing. Better that than officially denying the story and creating a much bigger problem for themselves if the alleged photographic evidence of the pig incident did emerge.
Hence the official line that the prime minister's spokeswoman issued yesterday, saying they would not dignify the book's claims with a response, almost word-for-word the quote I used routinely in my old job when responding to an allegation in a book that I knew to be true, for example Robert Peston's claim that Brown had told Tony Blair that he would never believe another word he said. I learned back then what Cameron's media advisers appear to have learned this week: sometimes a story is impossible to spin.
(Natural News) The scientific dictatorship marches on. And there's no stopping it, according to Tom Wheeler, the former FCC Chairman under the Obama administration, who eagerly gave unction to a new spectrum of dangerous and potentially deadly frequencies under the moniker of the 5G network. His press conference in June 2016 stressed the billions of dollars to be made by building a massive infrastructure, as well as the overarching need for processing power to connect the Internet of things (IoT) to the cloud. He also proudly proclaimed that there is no need for research, tests, studies or any rules whatsoever with respect to these new electromagnetic frequencies (EMF) soon to cover our nation.
Wheeler's 5G announcement was made just weeks after published results of a $25 million study from the National Toxicology Program (NTP) that exposed rats to “carefully calibrated radio frequency (RF) radiation levels” intended to mimic the typical cell phone use of humans. Scientific American reports that the NTP researchers discovered “some of the strongest evidence to date” linking chronic long-term exposure to smartphones and other wireless devices with “rare cancers in at least two cell types in the brains and hearts of rats.” (RELATED: Follow more news on EMF exposure at EMF.news)
The rats were exposed from in utero to two years of age, every day for about nine hours. Both types of cancers that developed — glioma, in the brain's glial cells, and schwannoma, in the heart — have also been associated with human cell phone radiation exposure. You may recall the announcement concerning cell phones and cancer risks made in 2011 by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), a group organized under the auspices of the World Health Organization (WHO). Electromagnetichealth.org reports that in May 2011, the IARC “classified the RF frequency from cell phones as a Possible Human Carcinogen (Class B2). This announcement was the first time an international body provided “an official scientific basis . . . [calling] for precautionary behavior regarding these radiation devices.”
Support our mission and protect your health: Organic Seeds of Life combines Red Raspberry Seed Power, Black Cumin Seed Power and Red Grape Seed Powder into the most potent nutrient-rich supplemental superfood powder you've ever experienced. Loaded with flavonoids, antioxidants, anthocyanins, OPCs, ALA and a vast array of vital nutrients. Learn more here.
Tom Wheeler's presentation at the 5G announcement made no mention of the NTP study, or any prior IARC studies linking cell phones with cancer. In fact, Wheeler took steps to make sure these reports were not mentioned. As explained in the video put together by Josh del Sol, of Takebackyourpower.net, Wheeler even used FCC thugs to forcibly suppress this critical data from being shared publicly.
As explained by Wired, Verizon and AT&T will be operating 5G trials in 2017, with global roll outs expected in 2020. The selling points are incredible speeds, reliability and “ultra high capacity,” which is needed as mankind walks blindly into the realms of virtual reality, driverless cars, cashless systems and the Internet of Things (IoT) monitoring your every move in your nifty smart home appliances.
The blanketing of America with more cell towers, as Wakingtimes.com states, and “untested frequencies in the range of 28 gigahertz to 100 Ghz or more,” does not bode well for the health and well-being of individuals who are “already suffering with symptoms from EMF radiation from WIFI, smart phones, smart meters and newer vehicles.” Wearetheevidence.org advocates for individuals harmed by this pervasive technology. Personal injury testimonies, as well as documented research, indicate these ubiquitous frequencies not only can cause cancer or tumors, but they are also a factor in infertility, autism and ADHD and behavioral disorders. (RELATED: Read Glitch.news for more coverage of problems with electronic systems.)
Bugging out is one solution, but it may not be practical for everyone. But until you're ready to part with your cell phone, here are a few tips to protect yourself while you use it.
Sources:
WakingTimes.com
ScientificAmerican.com
Science.NaturalNews.com
ElectroMagneticHealth.org
YouTube.com
Wired.com
WASHINGTON — A federal judge on Tuesday night struck down an Obama administration regulation on the use of hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, for oil and gas on public lands, a blow to President Obama's muscular stand on the extraction of fossil fuels on government lands.
The rule, released by the Interior Department in March of last year and scheduled to take effect this Friday, was designed to increase the safety of fracking. It would have required companies to comply with federal safety standards in the construction of fracking wells, and to disclose the use of some chemicals in the fracking process.
Judge Scott W. Skavdahl of Federal District Court in Wyoming ruled that the Interior Department lacked the authority from Congress to issue the regulation, and also noted that fracking was already subject to other regulations under state and federal law.
The decision comes amid a heated political debate over fracking, which involves the injection of water, gravel and chemicals underground to extract oil and gas. The technology has produced an oil and gas boom in the United States, but environmentalists say fracking can contaminate groundwater and lead to the leaking of methane, a potent greenhouse gas.
BT has blamed Brits' poor broadband speeds on tellies, lights and electrical wiring and the interference they all cause.
All this noise gets in the way of broadband signals pinging around homes' phone extension wiring, the telco claimed. The interference is picked up by the bell wire, a third cable which runs alongside the pair of wires that carries the telephony and broadband signal. The greater the number of telephone extension sockets and the more electrical equipment in a home, the greater the problem can be, BT said.
Its solution: filter it out. To that end, it's offering I-Plate, a plug in filter that clips onto a BT NTE 5 master socket. The company estimates that 9m homes have these, and they'll be able to acquire the filters from their broadband providers, to whom BT will be shipping I-Plates from today. The I-Plate isolates the bell wire.
A BT NTE 5 box, yesterday
To fit one, unscrew the face plate, clip the I-Plate in place in the socket and replace the cover. No need to call out an engineer, the telco said.
Does it make a difference? We await independent tests, but the provider claims, based on "a benchmark survey of 36,000 lines" that it's carried out since first introducing the technology back in March this year, that users could see an increase of up to 1.5Mb/s, with some particularly lucky punters getting an increase of up to 4Mb/s.
The caveat is that the speed boost - if any - is all entirely dependent on your electrical conditions: what kit you have running, what broadband package you have, your provider and so on.
If your broadband isn't piped over ADSL, you're out of the loop anyway.
BT also claimed the I-Plate may allow homes that have thus far been considered too far from an exchange to receive broadband to now be able to get it.
Here's some bad news for everyone in the division except Baltimore. The Ravens, who are tied with the Bengals atop the AFC North, have the easiest remaining schedule, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
Baltimore's remaining opponents have a .476 winning percentage, which is the 13th-easiest in the NFL. The Ravens have three games left against teams with winning records (49ers and Bengals, twice). The other out-of-division games are at Seattle (2-6), home against Indianapolis (0-9) and at San Diego (4-4).
The Ravens are seeking their third division title and the first since 2006.
The team with the easiest remaining schedule in the NFL is the New England Patriots (.369). The toughest belongs to the Minnesota Vikings and New York Giants (tied with .615).
Here are the remaining schedules for each AFC North team:
What is Cipro?
Cipro (ciprofloxacin) is a synthetic chemotherapeutic agent with a wide range of antibacterial action that suppresses DNA replication of bacteria and protein synthesis thus stopping the breeding of micro organisms. It has a substantial post antibiotic effect, preventing the re-growth of bacteria.
In what kind of disease treatment, Cipro is helpful?
Infectious-inflammatory sicknesses provoked by microorganisms responsive to ciprofloxacin, including ailments of the airways, abdomen and pelvic organs, skeleton, joints, skin; septicemia; severe infections of ENT organs; healing of post-operative infections; prophylaxis and healing of infections in sick with lowered immunity.
What should I tell my health care provider before I take Cipro?
The application of Cipro is forbidden in case of personal intolerance to the ingredients of the medication, severe hepatic/ renal failure, tendinitis, which has arisen due to the use the quinolones. Also, do not use ciprofloxacin during the lactation period and gestation, in kids younger than the age of 12.
How should I take Cipro?
Always keep regular intervals between receptions of the antibiotic. It is crucial to maintain a constant concentration of Cipro in your system. If you initiated a course of antibiotics, by no means stop healing once you feel better. You must comply with the healing for a few more days after the rehabilitation or after signs of the illness are gone, as decided by the health care provider. Never try to correct the dosage of Cipro. The application of Cipro in small doses is hazardous, because increases the probability of resistant bacteria. Large doses are also not safe, since they may result in an overdose. Cipro could be taken independently of the diet. It is advisable to wash down medications only with clean, non-carbonated water. It is not suggested to use for this purpose milk and dairy products, as well as tea, coffee and juices. After 1-2 hours after Cipro consumption, or 1 h prior to intake it is possible to use dairy products.
Cipro dosage information
For mature people Cipro is generally prescribed on portions of 250-500 mg 2 times a day. Dosing interval makes 12 hours. If necessary, single portion can be increased to 750 mg.
For respiratory infections and the aggravated genitourinary tract ailments generally use 250-500 mg every 12 hours; in extreme cases — up to 750 mg every 12 hours.
For uncomplicated urinary ailments generally prescribe 250 mg of Cipro, infections of the joints and skeleton — 500-750 mg; of gastrointestinal 0151 250-500 mg; gynecological — 500 mg every 12 hours.
In the event of acute uncomplicated gonorrhea use 250 mg ciprofloxacin once.
Typically, the duration of healing is 7-14 days. For infections of the joints and skeleton the course of healing may last 4-6 weeks, in osteomyelitis — up to 2 months.
People who are suffering from renal failure require the dose correction.
Check the validity and integrity of the packaging at a drugstore or order Cipro online with international shipping.
What may interact with?
In an application with iron, sucralfate or antacid containing magnesium, aluminum, calcium, reduces the intensity of absorption of ciprofloxacin. Therefore, the antibiotic should be consumed for1- 2 hours prior to or no sooner than 4 hours after the use the aforementioned medications.
Ciprofloxacin can increase the concentration of theophylline in plasma and prolong the period of half withdrawal of the latter.
The use of Cipro with anticoagulants prolongs the bleeding time; with cyclosporine — increases nephrotoxicity of the latter; with Warfarin — intensifies the action of the latter.
What should I watch for while taking Cipro?
Since ciprofloxacin may irritate the central nervous system, precautionary measures must be performed for sick with epilepsy.
When the antibiotic actively operates, the body needs heightened liquid content. The sick should drink plenty of water in order to avoid crystalluria.
When receiving Cipro you must give up driving the car, as well as the working with complex mechanisms and installations.
Cipro has a specific effect on the organism and when combined with ultraviolet rays, they skin surface becomes subjected to stress, get burned. This is called photosensitivity, or photoallergy. That's why you cannot sunbathe while taking antibiotics categorically.
One of the substances whose interaction with antibiotics is inadmissible, even at low quantities is alcohol.
Cipro side effects
Unfortunately, in modern medicine there are virtually no effective medications that do not have a negative influence on the organism. It is worth mentioning that in some individuals adverse effects are not marked at all, and practically throughout the treatment they feel great. Other sick tolerate therapy with less success. Also keep in mind that the adverse consequences may not occur simultaneously and be characterized by different duration. During laboratory studies of Cipro have been observed: diarrhea, vomiting, stomach ache, arthralgia, rash, and feeling of anxiety, sleeplessness, headache, and tremor. In sick with impaired functions of liver are possible a transient increase in liver transaminases, alkaline phosphatase, and increased bilirubin concentration in plasma; probable changes of peripheral blood.
Where can I keep Cipro?
Keep away from kids and pets. The pharmacologists do not recommend keeping Cipro in the washroom, due to the high humidity of the environment. Protect from direct UV rays. Storage temperature must not exceed 25°С. Date of manufacture and expiry date should be indicated on the container. The purchase of the medication can be done at a drug store Canada, after receiving the physician's approval, or you could purchase Cipro securely online.
After Democratic candidate Doug Jones won the Alabama Senate race by a slim 1.5% margin on Tuesday, Republican Roy Moore mentioned the possibility of a recount during a late night speech before a crowd of supporters:
I really want to thank you for coming tonight and realize when the vote is this close, that it's not over. And we still got to go by the rules about this recount provision, and Secretary of State has explained it to us and we're expecting that the press will go up there and talk to them to find out what the situation is. ... the votes are still coming in, and we're looking at that. May God bless you as you go on, give you safe journey, and thank you for coming tonight. It's not over and it's going to take some time. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Let's go home, we'll take it on tomorrow.
Nearly four days later, and even after a call from President Trump to concede, Moore is still swinging. In a recent email to supporters, Moore solicited donations for an "election integrity fund," according to The Hill.
...the battle is NOT OVER! You see, military and provisional ballots haven't yet been counted by the Secretary of State's office. Without those ballots...this race is too close to call. Not only that, but we have received reports of voter fraud and other irregularities at polling locations throughout the state. ...My campaign team is busy collecting numerous reported cases of voter fraud and irregularities for the Secretary of State's office.
Moore is pinning his hopes not only on potential fraud, but on provisional and military ballots that have yet to be counted. If the 1.5% margin between Moore and Jones shrinks to 0.5% or less after the additional ballots are tallied, an automatic recount would be triggered, per Alabama state law. If not, Moore would have to pay for a recount himself
Did you know your federal tax dollars could soon be used to help construct, acquire or rebuild houses of worship overseas? The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the government agency primarily responsible for distributing foreign aid, has proposed a new rule that, if adopted, would allow federal funds to do just that.
Of course this deeply flawed proposal is unconstitutional, as the Supreme Court has consistently ruled that the First Amendment's Establishment Clause prohibits the federal government from using tax dollars to construct or maintain buildings devoted to religious instruction or worship.
Current USAID regulations prohibit funds from being "used for the acquisition, construction, or rehabilitation of structures to the extent that they are used for inherently religious activities." The regulations explain that "[s]anctuaries, chapels, and other rooms . . . [used as a] principal place of worship" are "ineligible for USAID-funded improvements." The Bush administration, like the Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and Reagan administrations before, recognized that the Constitution does not permit taxpayer dollars to be used to build houses of worship.
Now, USAID wants to ignore the Constitution and allow U.S. taxpayer funds to be used to construct churches, mosques, or temples. This is very disappointing, especially considering that President Obama recently signed an executive order to "promote compliance with constitutional and other applicable legal principles" in the government's relationship with faith-based organizations.
Because this proposal does not meet constitutional muster, yesterday, the ACLU submitted comments to USAID urging the agency not to adopt the proposal.
President Obama promised to change the way faith-based groups work with the government. This USAID proposed rule conflicts with the president's own directive and is a step in the wrong direction.
Learn more about government-funded religion: Subscribe to our newsletter, follow us on Twitter, and like us on Facebook.
A severe sandstorm in Aswan in southern Egypt led to a boat accident and damage to a local museum on Wednesday.
A touristic Nile boat sank amid the unusually severe storm, leaving one South African passenger missing. Six other tourists, including one other South African, three Australians, and one Pole, as well as three Egyptians, were rescued from the boat
The Crocodile Museum in the southern city of Kom Ombo also suffered damage when its roof collapsed after the fierce sandstorm hit the governorate.
The Crocodile Museum, inaugurated in 2012, exhibits a collection of mummified crocodiles found in Ancient Egypt, alongside tablets and statutes of ancient Egyptian crocodile deity Sobek.
Officials from the antiquities ministry said that none of the artifacts had been damaged but that the museum would be closed to visitors until a technical committee could inspect the site.
Egypt is currently witnessing unstable weather conditions, including rainstorms and floods in Sinai and along the Red Sea coast.
According to Egypt's Meteorological Authority, the unstable weather conditions will continue for another two days.
The Dreadnought Beta is very fun, but also a little broken
If you haven't ever heard of Dreadnought I can't say I blame you. It's had a rather stealthy run over all, and although it was at PAX prime last year, that was the only time that it surfaced, and since its been deep under in development. Now, it is back, this time with a free to play model, and sporting a buy in beta. I can't resist a good space game, so I forked over the 40USD to get myself and few friends' copies of this new outer space shooty game. For my 40USD I got in to the beta, got 4 invites giving to my friends in to the beta.
First I have to say it, this game is so beautiful. Though there are only at present a few maps, each one is designed to maximize the 3D space, carefully crafted to provide players with spaces to hide dart in to and shoot around. Space combat can be very boring, so to spice it up Dreadnought has broken the standard formula of 3d combat. In most space games you approach an enemy, then circle around them while firing your weapons at them, that's how space combat works, space is big open and empty so it's easy to adopt an orbit of any attitude around your enemy and fire at them. Dreadnought doesn't allow for that, instead it places a ton of cover at various places on both the X and Y axes of the map, so your ship can literally take cover to avoid attack. This makes the game feel more like a shooter than a proper space sim, but it's an incredible example of what can be done with 3D space and movement when it's all planned out and well done. Not many compares to the feeling of pushing your ship in to a small space under a piece of cover, or dodging missiles by diving lower down and making them lose tracking.
The game features a ship classing system, with 5 main classes. Dreadnought is the heaviest, being a large lumbering weapons platform with a lot of guns, and health. The destroyer is a balanced ship, with dreadnought class weapons, but less armor in exchange for more speed and maneuverability, the corvette is the smallest ship, used mostly for hit and run and its lightly armored and fast, the tactical cruiser is the games medic, but don't get too close or you might end up feeling the wrath of its powerful offensive lasers, and finally the artillery cruiser is basically one giant gun, filling the sniper role, allowing you to dish out massive damage from range, but also being slow and requiring skill shots to hit targets. I found myself mostly going in to combat as either a tactical cruiser, or a destroyer feeling that the massive dreadnought simply made me too slow to react (even if it did get a nuke in exchange). Regardless of which ship you are going to take this is a combat based game, so lets talk about that a bit.
Combat is also quite fun, the game features a MOBAesq (I hate that word) system, each ship has two primary weapons, in most cases one short and one longer range, then a series of abilities which can be buffs, heals, weapons, or other things. These modules are interchangeable but the things you change them for all require unlocks, more on that later, so to start off your selection is limited. The main combat in most of the games I played was done in a pretty formulaic manner; first if nukes were present, they get launched right off the bat, since their range is infinite. Then both teams sort of feel each other out, often launching salvos of missiles while artillery cruisers range the enemy's fleet. This may just be because I am a lower level player, but most of the time since the games go to 100 points and you get 5 points per kill, this opening minute or so of game play was very dull. The one exception that I did see came in the form of corvette's who does pilots have no need to feel out range and just dive right in looking for soft targets in your back line.
Combat then devolves in to a basic melee, co-ordination is not possible with non-friends as the game does not have VOIP. That being said, I did manage to get in to one game with a full party and we absolutely destroyed the other team. I found this to be a bit of a problem, though I played about 40 games, the vast majority were one sided affairs, with my team either winning by a large amount or getting stepped on. Combat is fun, if slightly one dimensional. Damage is the same everywhere on the ship, so you can't for example get behind a ship and hit its engines doing more damage. To counter this each ship has 3 options to make things more interesting. These options are Speed, Shields, and weapons. Each of these drains out power from a reactor. Shields mitigate damage, Weapons makes your guns hit harder, and Speed makes you go faster. Its all very straight forward. To say that combat is boring would be a bit to far, it is in fact fun, if slightly one dimensional.
Combat really comes down to power management and line of sight, there are a few weapons (mostly missiles) that if you can acquire a lock for are fire and forget. The rest of combat is very involved, you have to lead targets, ammo is slow moving and visible and especially larger ships really feel like capital ship combat, trading hundreds of rounds back and forth while their players manage shields and power needs. Various ships can be used to counter various other ships, and your team will be well served to swap out different ships when one strategy or another doesn't work because you all decided to play dreadnoughts just to see what 5 nukes looked like.
Two game modes are present as of now, one which is a straight death match, to 100 points, with each kill being worth 5 points. The second is a 5 round one elimination game, where each ship has one life. Die and you're out, forced to pilot a tiny little fighter ship while the rest of your team tries to make up for your stupid mistake. I found this mode extremely infuriating and only played it about 5 times before switching back to the death match.
Overall the game feels pretty good, I wish there were more ships, and the monetization model is kinda wonky at the moment. Basically like most mobile games, you have two kinds of currency, the premium one and the one you can earn. At present this currency is used for most of the modules, ships, and other things in the game, while the earned currency is much less utilized. This model is subject to change, and has already changed at least once, so I would expect it to keep happening.
Monetization and other issues aside, I found the game play fun but really repetitive, there are only two game modes and of those two modes I only wanted to play one, there are a decent number of maps, but you can only play the same 4 or 5 maps so many times. I was helped in this case my having my team do silly things like all go corvettes or all go Dreadnoughts to keep things fun and fresh. That aside there is also a massive grind involved in unlocking all of the games 50 levels for getting all of the modules and abilities, and there is no skill based matchmaking. So, what that means is that sometimes your going to go up against top of the line ships, with your basic tier 1 ships, and your going to have a bad time.
Im going to keep an eye on this game as it gets closer to release, since it has no cost of entry if you like playing space combat games or are fascinated by the idea of three dimensional combat in actual space style game this is worth checking out. If you are not interested in playing a game that is still very much in development, and may change right down to its core mechanics I would take a pass on this one.
I've been seeing a lot of really cool #wasm (WebAssembly) stuff on Twitter and Hacker News lately, but I didn't know much about what it is exactly, or how to start using it. Because it is so new — only being enabled in Chrome last March — up-to-date guides are few and far between. After struggling through getting something to run, here's what I've learned:
WebAssembly is a cool new binary format and compile target for the web. That means you can compile languages like C, C++, and Rust to .wasm files and execute that code in your browser. In most cases, the resulting code is significantly faster and smaller than Javascript.
This guide will walk you through setting up Rust, WebAssembly, and Webpack in a typical JS web app. The goal is to be able to execute low-level Rust code in the browser alongside the Javascript you know and love (or hate).
Note: These technologies are constantly changing. This guide is using:
webpack 3.0.0
3.0.0 cargo 0.19.0
0.19.0 emcc 1.37.13
Here is the finished project. If you notice something is out-of-date, let me know with an issue or PR 😊.
One teen with autism is showing the effect technology has on his life in a new ad campaign.
Tech giant Apple recently released two short films which give a glimpse into the life of 16-year-old Dillan Barmache, who has autism and is non-verbal as part of a new campaign for April's Autism Awareness Month.
The videos, entitled "Dillan's Voice" and "Dillan's Path," document how the use of an iPad and its special apps helped his thoughts get heard.
"All my life I wanted so badly to connect with people, but they couldn't understand because I had no way to communicate," Barmache says in the video via a voiceover. Later adding, "having a voice has changed everything in my life."
Without a way to communicate with others, Barmache mentioned in the video that people used to have difficulty seeing the real him.
"So many people can't understand that I have a mind," he said. "All they can see is a person who is not in control."
But after using augmented and alternative communication apps on his iPad, he was able type out his thoughts, allowing him to better articulate his feelings to others and have conversations with those he cares about. The teen made headlines back in 2014 when he delivered a middle school graduation speech with the help of his iPad.
"When he began typing, he said it was like being freed," Deborah Spengler, the teen's therapist and communication partner, said in "Dillan's Path."
Ultimately, the films show that with the help of tools like AAC apps, we're taking another step toward inclusivity -- a much-needed one. After all, as Barmache's mother Tami points out, "everyone has to have a voice."
"Not being able to speak is not the same as not having something to say," she said.
undefined
Taylor Swift is close to finishing up her forthcoming album, and according to reports, the singer is taking no chances with any of her new songs leaking online.
Swift, who hasn't released an album since 2014, is expected to make one of the biggest returns to the music industry this year, and with previous outlets having claimed that the tracks are rather controversial, Taylor Swift wants to surprise her fans when it's all ready for the world to hear.
The “Shake It Off” songstress found herself in a lot of controversy throughout 2016, dealing with her breakup from Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston, before finding herself caught in the midst of a feud with Kanye West and Kim Kardashian.
[Image by Kevin Winter/Getty Images]
It's said that Taylor Swift definitely has some tracks on the new record that will somewhat seem out of her character, but the former country artist has never been shy when it came to writing songs about ex-boyfriends and people she doesn't like.
“Bad Blood” was famously said to have been a track penned by Taylor Swift after embarking in an ongoing Twitter spat with Katy Perry, who she claimed had stolen her backup dancers right before she was gearing up to plan for her next tour.
The album is almost complete, Hollywood Life shares, but what would probably surprise fans the most is the extreme measures Taylor Swift is taking in order to make sure that nothing leaks before she's ready to release the full body of work later this year.
In an interview with Capricho magazine, her close friend Ed Sheeran recalls the time he was gearing up for studio sessions with the 27-year-old, admitting that when it comes to recording with Taylor, everything is kept super secretive, with nobody really knowing when the tracks will see the light of day.
“Taylor Swift would never [digitally] send new songs, no,” Ed tells the magazine. “I hear them, but it has to be with her. I remember when I did a song with her for her album, I was in San Francisco and they sent someone with a locked briefcase with an iPad and one song on it, and they flew to San Francisco and played the song I've done with her.”
[Image by Anna Webber/Getty Images]
This time is no different, according to Hollywood Life, stressing that with albums constantly leaking before their actual release date, this certainly won't be happening to Swift, who has a team that seems to have all the skills in the industry to avoid any snippets or demos appearing on social media.
Taylor Swift wants to surprise her fans with the new album — not just with the songs, but also with the revelation of the album name, title, and when they can get hold of a copy.
The outlet suggests that Swift is taking Beyonce's approach by dropping the album unexpectedly — no date has been set just yet, but it's coming. When Taylor has finalized all of the songs for the record, she is expected to put it out instantly, that way she reduces further chances of any music hitting the internet before they are supposed to come out.
“Taylor is almost done with her next album. She wants to drop it completely out of nowhere!” a source concludes.
As previously mentioned, fans can expect Taylor addressing her feud with Kanye West, along with some heavy hitting songs about Calvin Harris, who infamously accused his ex-girlfriend of cheating on him with Hiddleston behind his back.
Of course, nothing has been revealed by Taylor Swift's team just yet, so it's hard to say what exactly she'll be talking about and how much she's willing to reveal, but one thing that's for sure is that an album from Taylor is being released sometime this year.
[Featured Image by Andrew H. Walker/Getty Images]
PARIS — In the six weeks since the Paris terrorist attacks, law enforcement agencies in Brussels, where most of the attackers lived or had ties, have been denounced as slow, unresponsive, disorganized and even incompetent.
To this list of woes, another was added on Wednesday: Officials are investigating accounts of an alcohol-fuelled “orgy” at a police station one night last month while Brussels, the Belgian capital, was nearly shut down over fears of a copycat terrorist attack.
A spokeswoman for the Brussels-West police agency, one of six police departments that patrol the city, confirmed on Wednesday that it had begun an internal investigation after an article was published Tuesday in La Dernière Heure, a local newspaper.
The police agency is responsible for Molenbeek, the working-class neighbourhood in Brussels that was home to several of the men involved in the Paris attacks, in which 130 people were killed.
According to La Dernière Heure, the orgy occurred sometime between Nov. 21, when the federal government's crisis center raised the alert level for the Brussels region to 4, the highest, and Nov. 26, when the alert level was reduced to 3.
Soldiers had been sent to Brussels to help patrol the city, which was paralyzed with fear; schools, government offices, markets and the public transit network were all shut down.
About 20 soldiers from an infantry unit known as the Ardennes Battalion of Hunters were bivouacked at a police station in Ganshoren, a neighbourhood north of Molenbeek. According to the newspaper, after the police station closed for the night at 10 p.m., two policewomen were invited upstairs to the floor where the soldiers were sleeping and had sex with eight of them.
The newspaper said it had contacted a police commander, Johan De Becker, who did not know about the reports of an orgy but agreed that it would be “serious” if proved. On Wednesday, police officials confirmed that an investigation had begun.
“I cannot give more information on the internal investigation, because it is ongoing and because investigations into the Brussels police force are highly complicated,” the Brussels-West police spokeswoman said in a phone interview. “Right now, we don't know the extent of the investigation yet. Maybe officers from other zones are implicated, and I don't want to set off an internal fight by commenting on police officers from other zones. Internal investigations into the Brussels police are, as a rule, highly complicated and very sensitive.”
The fractured nature of policing in Brussels has been a target of intense criticism since the Paris attacks. Brussels, while officially bilingual, is a largely French-speaking city. However, it is in the country's Flemish-speaking region, which has gained wealth and clout in recent decades relative to Wallonia, the French-speaking region to the south. (The country also has a tiny German-speaking minority in the southeast.)
Power in Belgium is delicately distributed along regional and linguistic lines, making political oversight difficult, not to mention basic intelligence-sharing.
In addition to the six local police agencies, Brussels has a federal police service, two intelligence services — one military, one civilian — and a terrorism threat assessment unit whose chief, exhausted and demoralized, resigned over the summer but remains on the job.
All these people have been working closely together for weeks now, often doing long hours. We have developed a very good working relationship with the army
The idea of merging the six local agencies into one has been floated over the years, but has run into opposition among the mayors of the 19 boroughs that make up Brussels, who share police oversight powers on a rotating basis.
Ilse Van de Keere, the police commissioner for Brussels-Capital — the police agency that oversees the city's core, including its central square, the Grand Place or Grote Markt — said in a phone interview that she would “absolutely not comment about anything that happened on another territory,” referring to the adjacent Brussels-West district.
Asked about the rumours, Van de Keere said, “We all read the newspapers, just like anyone else, and are aware of this story about an orgy between police officers and army soldiers.”
Van de Keere said that local and federal police cooperation had been “excellent” in recent weeks, and that the reports of the orgy had not affected their work.
“All these people have been working closely together for weeks now, often doing long hours,” she said. “We have developed a very good working relationship with the army.”
On Tuesday, the authorities in Belgium charged two men with plotting a terrorist attack in central Brussels on New Year's Eve. They are scheduled to appear in court on Thursday morning. The City Council was scheduled to meet Wednesday night to decide whether Brussels's traditional fireworks show, at the Place de Brouckère, a short distance north of the Grand Place, would be held.
MUMBAI: Rubbishing reports that Sachin Tendulkar has been asked by the BCCI to retire after his 200th Test, the Board's secretary Sanjay Patel on Thursday said it was the senior batsman's prerogative to decide on his future."That is absolutely absurd and rubbish. Let me tell you, it will be the prerogative of Mr Sachin Tendulkar. Board has not talked or asked him to resign (retire) and the Board is never going to do it because he is such a great player," BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel told reporters on Thursday.Patel was reacting to media reports that quite a few Board members were of the opinion that the record-setting batsman was past his prime and could be told to call it a day after he completes his landmark 200th Test appearance, against the visiting West Indies next month.The Windies are to play two Tests and three ODIs during their visit and the 40-year-old Tendulkar has played 198 Tests."We appreciate the concern (from media) about this. But I ask my good media friends, please refrain (from speculating) and from going (ahead reporting) with such wrong details," Patel said.The BCCI secretary put the onus entirely on Tendulkar and the five-man selection panel about his cricketing future."It is entirely upto Sachin Tendulkar and selectors. The selectors should (choose to) pick him and Sachin Tendulkar should be ready to play."Board is very happy with whatever (decision) Sachin Tendulkar is taking of his own free will," Patel elaborated.
Isolated and under attack, Hamas now realizes that it has lost the sympathy of many Egyptians and Arabs.
"Thank you Netanyahu and may God give us more [people] like you to destroy Hamas!" — Azza Sami of the Egyptian newspaper Al-Ahram .
They see the atrocities and massacres committed by Islamists on a daily basis in Iraq and Syria and are beginning to ask themselves if these serve the interests of the Arabs and Muslims.
Over the past week there are voices coming out of Egypt and some Arab countries -- voices that publicly support the Israeli military operation against Hamas in the Gaza Strip.
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah Sisi has thus far turned down appeals from Palestinians and other Arabs to work toward achieving a new ceasefire between Israel and Hamas.
Palestinian Authority [PA] President Mahmoud Abbas telephoned Sisi and urged him to intervene to achieve an "immediate ceasefire" between Israel and Hamas. Abbas later admitted that his appeal to Sisi and (other Arab leaders) had fallen on deaf ears.
Sisi's decision not to intervene in the current crisis did not come as a surprise. In fact, Sisi and many Egyptians seem to be delighted that Hamas is being badly hurt.
An uncomfortable moment during an April 2014 meeting between PA President Abbas and Egyptian President Sisi. (Image source: Video from President Abbas' Office)
Some Egyptians are even openly expressing hope that Israel will completely destroy Hamas, which they regard as the "armed branch of the Muslim Brotherhood terrorist organization."
Sisi's Egypt has not forgiven Hamas for its alliance with Muslim Brotherhood and its involvement in terrorist attacks against Egyptian civilians and soldiers over the past year.
The Egyptians today understand that Hamas and other radical Islamist groups pose a serious threat to their national security. That is why the Egyptian authorities have, over the past year, been taking tough security measures not only against Hamas, but also the entire population of the Gaza Strip.
These measures include the destruction of dozens of smuggling tunnels along the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt and the designation of Hamas as a terrorist organization.
True, there are still many Egyptians and Arabs who sympathize with Hamas, mainly because it is being targeted by Israel. But over the past week, there are also different voices coming out of Egypt and some other Arab countries -- voices that publicly support the Israeli military operation against the Islamist movement in the Gaza Strip.
This is perhaps because a growing number of Arabs and Muslims are fed up with the Islamist terrorists who are imposing a reign of terror and intimidation in the Arab world, particularly in Iraq and Syria. They see the atrocities and massacres committed by Islamists on a daily basis in Iraq and Syria and are beginning to ask themselves if these serve the interests of the Arabs and Muslims.
Sisi and other Arab leaders are now sitting on the fence and hoping that this time Israel will complete the job and get rid of Hamas once and for all. Palestinian Authority officials in Ramallah are certainly not going to shed a tear if Hamas is crushed and removed from power in the Gaza Strip.
The reaction of some Egyptians to the Israeli military operation has shocked Hamas and other Palestinians. As one Hamas spokesman noted: "It's disgraceful to see that some Egyptians are publicly supporting the Israeli aggression on the Gaza Strip while Westerners are expressing solidarity with the Palestinians and condemning Israel."
Addressing the Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, Egyptian actor Amr Mustafa said that they should not expect any help from the Egyptians. "You must get rid of Hamas and we will help you," he said. He also called on Hamas to stop meddling in the internal affairs of Arab countries. "Pull your men out of Egypt, Syria and Libya," Mustafa demanded. "In Egypt, we are today fighting poverty that was caused by wars. We have enough of our own problems. Don't expect the Egyptians to give more than what they have already given. We've had enough of what you did to our country."
In response to Egyptian Defense Minister Sedki Sobhi's decision to dispatch 500 tons of food and medical aid to the Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, the Egyptian newspaper El-Bashayer remarked: "The standard of living for a Gazan citizen is much higher than that of an Egyptian citizen. The poor in Egypt are more in need than the poor in the Gaza Strip. Let Qatar spend as much as it wants on the Gaza Strip. We should not send anything that Egyptians are in need of."
Famous Egyptian TV presenter and journalist Amr Adeeb has been told by many Egyptians to "shut up" after his criticism of Sisi's "silence" toward the war in the Gaza Strip.
One Egyptian reminded Adeeb that "Hamas is responsible for the killing of Egyptian soldiers."
Egyptian ex-general Hamdi Bakhit was quoted as expressing hope that Israel would re-occupy the Gaza Strip. "This would be better than the Hamas rule," he said.
Egyptian TV presenter Amany al-Khayat launched a scathing attack on Hamas.
She pointed out that Hamas agreed to the reconciliation pact with Fatah only in order to get salaries for its employees in the Gaza Strip.
Al-Khayat said that Hamas was seeking to depict itself as a victim of an Israeli attack only in order to get the Egyptian authorities to reopen the Rafah border crossing with the Gaza Strip. "They just want us to open the Rafah border crossing," she said on her show. "Hamas is prepared to make all the residents of the Gaza Strip pay a heavy price in order to rid itself of its crisis. We must not forget that Hamas is the armed branch of the Muslim Brotherhood terrorist movement."
Her colleague, Azza Sami of the newspaper Al-Ahram, went as far as thanking Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu for ordering the attack on Hamas. "Thank you Netanyahu and may God give us more [people] like you to destroy Hamas," she wrote.
What is also remarkable is Egyptian criticism of Hamas for launching rockets at the nuclear facility in Dimona in southern Israel. Ahmed Qandeel, head of the Energy Studies Program at the Al-Ahram Strategic Studies think-tank, denounced the targeting of Dimona as "idiotic." He warned that this would have a negative impact on the entire region and endanger the lives of many Egyptians and Arabs. "Egypt must take precautionary measures," he advised.
In response, an Egyptian wrote: "May God make the State of Israel victorious in its war against the terrorist movement Hamas during this holy month of Ramadan."
Echoing the widespread sentiment among Egyptians, journalist Mustafa Shardi said: "No Arab country has done for the Palestinians as Egypt did. Why doesn't Hamas go to (Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip) Erdoğan? Where is Erdoğan when you need him? Why is he silent? If he opens his mouth they (Israel and the US) will hit him with a shoe. The Egyptian people are asking: Where are our people who were kidnapped and taken to the Gaza Strip? Hamas should apologize for the 1000 tunnels that were used to smuggle the resources of Egypt. They all have their own planes and accounts in Swiss banks."
Isolated and under attack, Hamas now realizes that it has lost the sympathy of many Egyptians and Arabs. Some Hamas leaders are now talking about the "betrayal" and "collusion" of their Arab brethren, especially Egypt.
When the Egyptian authorities reluctantly and briefly re-opened the Rafah border crossing a few days ago, Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum rushed to declare: "The Egyptian authorities opened the Rafah border crossing only to receive bodies. Egypt is imposing a blockade on the Gaza Strip and has destroyed the tunnels."
Former Palestinian Authority security commander Mohamed Dahlan predicted that the Egyptians will not do anything to save Hamas. "Egypt won't intervene to stop the war on the Gaza Strip because Hamas was conspiring with the Muslim Brotherhood against Egypt," he said. "Hamas was working with Muslim Brotherhood against the Egyptian army."
Hamas is paying a heavy price for meddling in the internal affairs of Egypt and some other Arab countries. But the Palestinians living under Hamas in the Gaza Strip are paying a heavier price, largely due to their failure to rise up against the Islamist movement and demand the right to live better lives.
The president of the University of Notre Dame has rebuked California Sen. Dianne Feinstein for a “chilling” line of questioning she posed to a professor at the Catholic university during a judicial confirmation hearing this week.
Rev. John I. Jenkins wrote a letter to Feinstein on Saturday taking her to task for questions she asked of Amy Barrett, a Notre Dame law professor who has been nominated by President Trump to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for a district encompassing Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin.
During the hearing, Feinstein, the top Democrat on the committee, asked Barrett about the religious themes of her past scholarly writings and speeches.
“When you read your speeches, the conclusion one draws is that the dogma lives loudly within you,” Feinstein told Barrett. “And that's of concern when you come to big issues that large numbers of people have fought for for years in this country.” (RELATED: Nominee's Religious Faith Dominates Senate Judiciary Hearing)
Barrett responded: “It is never appropriate for a judge to apply their personal convictions, whether it derives from faith or personal conviction.”
Feinstein was immediately criticized, largely by conservatives and Catholic groups, for suggesting that a practicing Catholic would be unfit to serve as a federal judge. Jenkins concurred in his statement on Saturday.
“It is chilling to hear from a United States Senator that this might now disqualify someone from service as a federal judge,” he wrote in the letter.
“I ask you and your colleagues to respect those in whom ‘dogma lives loudly' — which is a condition we call faith. For the attempt to live such faith while one upholds the law should command respect, not evoke concern,” Jenkins added.
Feinstein was not the only Democrat on the Judiciary Committee to questions Barrett's faith.
“Do you consider yourself an orthodox Catholic?” Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin asked.
“If you're asking whether I'm a faithful Catholic, I am, although I would stress that my own personal church affiliation or my religious belief would not bear on the discharge of my duties as a judge,” Barrett responded.
In his letter, Jenkins expressed confidence in Barrett's “competence and character.”
“I am not a legal scholar, but I have heard no one seriously challenge her impeccable legal credentials,” he wrote.
“Your concern, as you expressed it, is that ‘dogma lives loudly in [Professor Barrett], and that is a concern when you come to big issues that large numbers of people have fought for years in this country,'” Jenkins continued.
“I am one in whose heart ‘dogma lives loudly,' as it has for centuries in the lives of many Americans, some of whom have given their lives in service to this nation. Indeed, it lived loudly in the hearts of those who founded our nation as one where citizens could practice their faith freely and without apology.”
Follow Chuck on Twitter
by
The aircraft carrier Enterprise has moved into the Persian Gulf, although it's an antique, slow-moving target and a potential lightening rod for war on Iran. As a retired Navy man told me last month, “A couple of torpedoes would stagger the thing, and then you've got the Alamo, the Maine, the Lusitania, Pearl Harbor, the Gulf of Tonkin and 9/11 all over again,” he said, “with Iran in the crosshairs.”
Enterprise needlessly joins the strike group of the 100,000-ton carrier Lincoln with its crew of 3,200 already in the Gulf. TV-Novosti reported April 10 that in March President Obama sent his second amphibious assault group to the Gulf. Those gun boats include a nuclear submarine, a Marine helicopter squadron and more than 2,000 Marines.
At 51, Enterprise is the oldest ship in the Navy, having seen action since the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis. From the bombing of Laos in 1973 and the 1986 bombing of Libya, to the 800,000 pounds of munitions it fired into Afghanistan in 2001, Enterprise has helped maintain a string of atrocity producing situations that has no end in sight.
Set for retirement and decommissioning this fall, Enterprise's Gulf deployment is its last. But it has no purpose whatsoever as a war machine when 11 newer and more sophisticated carriers are available. Indeed Enterprise is a hugely expensive liability, a deadly heap of hazardous scrap. Its fiercely radioactive reactors and waste fuel require dangerous and costly removal and long-term isolation from the ecosphere as nuclear waste material.
So Enterprise, the first ever nuclear-powered carrier, parades through the Gulf with lots of gunpowder. Its “strike group 12” consists of: Carrier Air Wing 1; the guided-missile cruiser Vicksburg; and Destroyer Squadron 2, comprising guided-missile destroyers Nitze, Porter and James E. Williams. Enterprise is 1,123 feet long, weighs 94,000 tons, has 8 propulsion reactors, four 35-ton rudders, two gyms, a crew of at least 3,100, a television station and—no doubt demonstrating a free press— a daily paper.
The government knows its loss at sea would be cheaper than retirement, and if it can scare the country into yet another shooting war, our munitions makers and weapons merchants continue swimming in billions of tax dollars defending freedom and peace. In January, when Sec. of Defense Leon Panetta first said he would send Enterprise to the Gulf “to send a direct message to Iran,” the price of gas shot up and stayed up. You'd almost think the oil giants like war. The privatized DoD contractor corporations certainly do.
To get public opinion and NATO behind war on Iran, the war party needs to both sideline our Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan Syndromes and to flabbergast Russia, China and India. How better than to make it look as if Iran started it? Deployment of theEnterprise is hair-raising in the context of previous “false flag” provocations in the region. Like the Lavon Affair before it, Israel actually attacked the U.S. spy ship Liberty June 8, 1967 — using unmarked jet fighters and torpedoes — initially blaming Egypt in an attempt to draw Washington into the war. Israel later claimed it attacked what it thought was an Egyptian ship, yet no one was charged or disciplined. Ward Boston, the U.S. Navy Senior Counsel for the Court of Inquiry, says in a 2002 affidavit, “Both [lead investigator] Admiral [Isaac] Kidd and I believed with certainty that this attack, which killed 34 sailors and injured 172, was a deliberate effort to sink an American ship and murder its entire crew.”
Today the Enterprise has nothing to do but act like the greasiest sitting duck in history. No one should believe that Iran is dumb enough to take the bait.
John LaForge is on the staff of Nukewatch, a nuclear watchdog and anti-war group in Wisconsin, and edits its Quarterly.
After much anticipation (and a spike to record highs earlier today), The SEC has decided to reject the Winklevoss application for a Bitcoin ETF.
The SEC premise appears to be the unregulated natuire of the underlying:
Based on the record before it, the Commission believes that the significant markets for bitcoin are unregulated. Therefore, as the Exchange has not entered into, and would currently be unable to enter into, the type of surveillance-sharing agreement that has been in place with respect to all previously approved commodity-trust ETPs—agreements that help address concerns about the potential for fraudulent or manipulative acts and practices in this market - the Commission does not find the proposed rule change to be consistent with the Exchange Act.
What goes up (to $1327) comes down hard to $978!
Dropping to one-month lows...
* * *
For those who use Coinbase and are trying to trade out (or in), sorry: you just got the Bitcoin Screen of Death:
Full SEC Statement below:
When Alex Bozmoski was in college, he didn't believe climate change was real. He was “a very active conservative Republican,” he says, who “loved making noise.” In high school, he started a newspaper called The Right Idea; the logo was an eagle gripping a Christian cross. And at Georgetown University, after George W. Bush won the election in 2004, he carried a cardboard cutout of the president around campus until he was tackled by a liberal student and Bush was broken in half.
So when Bozmoski enrolled in a climate science class taught by Nathan Hultman, his primary goal was to heckle the professor. But every time he brought up something he had heard on a conservative radio talk show, Hultman asked him to back up those claims with actual scientific evidence. Soon, Bozmoski realized climate skepticism was unfounded, and that climate change is a very serious issue that his own political party was completely ignoring.
“I felt alienated that my tribe has been so out of the loop and not even working on it,” Bozmoski says. “To me, it seemed like just an easy way out, like a coping mechanism more than a governing strategy.”
“I felt alienated.”
So a few years after his college graduation, Bozmoski began traveling around the country, speaking to conservatives about climate change and free-market options to tackle it. He visited church groups, federalist societies, chambers of commerce, universities — alone or together with Bob Inglis, a former Republican congressman who introduced a bill to tax carbon emissions. (Inglis' views on climate change cost him his House seat in 2010.) As Bozmoski did more of these talks, he says, “it became pretty clear that when people heard from us, a lot of conservatives were very motivated to get involved.”
In 2014, Bozmoski and Inglis founded republicEn, a group of about 3,000 people all over the US trying to create a grassroots movement of “conservative climate realists.” “We want to give them a voice,” Bozmoski says. “We want members of Congress to see that big chunks of their conservative constituency are deeply passionate about the environment and care deeply about taking responsible action to mitigate and adapt to climate change.”
It's not just Bozmoski and Inglis — or even just their group. Around the US, conservative leaders and organizations are trying to get people on the right involved in conservation, renewable energy, and climate change action. They do it by appealing to whatever it is these constituents care about: economic growth, hunting wildlife, or national security. The goal is making sure the US is prepared to tackle one of the most serious challenges facing our country and our planet — global warming.
Some in the GOP are taking notice. In February, a group of Republican elder statesmen released a proposal to tax carbon emissions produced by burning fossil fuels. And in March, a group of more than a dozen GOP lawmakers introduced a climate change resolution to the House of Representatives, calling for action against the looming threat of rising sea levels and warming temperatures. “It's important that we take climate change very, very seriously because the threats that are posed by that are very serious,” Rep. Brian Mast (R-FL), who signed the resolution, told The Atlantic. “I'm just not a person that believes we should be turning a blind eye to it.”
“I'm just not a person that believes we should be turning a blind eye to it.”
Unfortunately, many other Republicans are turning a blind eye to it. The GOP has a track record of opposing environmental regulation and a party platform that supports burning fossil fuels. Certain Republican members of Congress don't even believe that global warming is caused by human activity. (It is, according to the vastest majority of scientists.) At the same time, Republican president Donald Trump, who called climate change a “hoax,” ran a campaign on the promise to bring back highly polluting coal. Last week, he signed an executive order to start dismantling the cornerstone of President Barack Obama's environmental legacy. And his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, is a known climate change denier.
The GOP's stance is at odds with what many Republicans feel. A poll from last year showed that 71 percent of liberal / moderate Republicans and 47 percent of conservative Republicans believe that our planet is warming — and that number is increasing. (The percentage of conservative Republicans who believe in climate change has jumped 19 percentage points since 2014, more than any other group.) The majority of Republicans also support more funding for energy sources like wind and solar, and believe heat-trapping pollutants like carbon dioxide should be regulated.
So why are Republican lawmakers looking the other way when it comes to global warming? They don't live in Miami, says the city's mayor Tomás Regalado, a member of the Republican Party. Residents there experience regular flooding from rising sea levels, and certain banks are very hesitant about granting loans for mortgages for 30 years, he says. “This is a real issue that people have experienced here,” Regalado says. “We have a problem, and [Republicans] have to recognize that this is not only a philosophical debate, it's a real economic issue.”
The next town over, called Coral Gables, is facing similar problems. Streets and parks are flooded during high tides. “You look out your door, you see an octopus in your basement … or the mullets swimming around our parking lots, you get it,” says Mayor Jim Cason, also a member of the Republican Party. Cason isn't waiting for Washington to step in — his administration has already been working on a sustainability plan for the town, and is updating building codes to increase the height of the most vulnerable facilities when they need repairs. But when I ask him whether he's doing all this because his constituents are worried about climate change, and demanding action, Cason says residents actually aren't expressing much concern. “Basically silence,” he says.
“you see an octopus in your basement”
Bozmoski believes that's exactly why Republican lawmakers aren't acting on climate change. “I think the answer boils down to one phrase that we hear over and over from members of Congress: ‘My constituents rarely call me about climate change. I rarely get phone calls about this. It is not on the mind of our constituents,'” Bozmoski says. It's also true that the fossil fuel industry overwhelmingly gives campaign donations to Republicans rather than Democrats. But in poll after poll, climate change does seem to be at the bottom of the list when Americans wonder what to worry about. And for conservatives, “it's not a national movement right now,” Bozmoski says. So that's the movement he's working to create.
He travels around the country, telling people about global warming and republicEn's free-market vision for tackling it: no to subsidizing renewables; yes to a carbon tax; no to American export taxes; yes to government's investment in basic research to find new forms of energy. To energize this still-infant grassroots movement — “we're a scrappy bunch” — Bozmoski also talks about the science of climate change. If you don't believe in the science, you're out. “Moving past the science is not how we're going to deal with this,” Bozmoski says. “The climate science is so central to the urgency of action that you can't lose it and not lose the urgency.”
Other conservative groups, however, try to steer away from talking directly about climate change. “With older conservatives, if you say anything about climate, they immediately shut you down,” says Michele Combs, the founder and chair of Young Conservatives for Energy Reform. “The younger generation do not feel that way; they grew up recycling. It doesn't have that stigma.” So Combs approaches the problem from another angle: energy reform. Her group, which counts 100,000 members, hopes to sway the national discourse over energy policy, by encouraging the use of renewable energy. To help conservatives embrace renewables, she often invites retired military generals to speak at her events.
The US Army has been vocal about wanting to boost clean energy. The advantage is twofold: US troops who rely less on oil can spend less time convoying that oil in foreign countries and risking being blown up; and reducing greenhouse gases is paramount for addressing climate change, which the military sees as a serious national security threat. (Rising sea levels and more extreme weather events will lead to a more unstable, conflict-prone world, according to a Defense Department report.) When these respected military leaders speak to conservatives, it generally works, says Brian Smith, who used to work on renewable energy for the Defense Department and now volunteers at Young Conservatives for Energy Reform. “I think it resonates with most people,” he says.
Combs says that climate change action is not the end goal of her group, but more of a side effect. “We come in with the clean energy, because cleaner energy is going to take care of the problem,” she says. A similar approach — when it comes to conservation — is taken by some conservative groups like Backcountry Hunters & Anglers. The sportsmen's organization focuses on preserving wildlife habitats, and protecting clean air and water on public lands, but it doesn't address climate change directly. Conservation is what hunters have been doing for more than 150 years, says Land Tawney, the president and CEO of Backcountry Hunters & Anglers, it resonates with hunters much more than a politicized term like climate change.
“I call them the flat-Earth society.”
The group works for keeping public access to public lands, so they're not sold for private development. It also advocates for oil and gas development to be done in a safe way, so that core habitats and migration routes are kept pristine. If animals can move more freely and expand their ranges, they will be able to better adapt to warming climates, by moving to higher latitudes for example. This is, of course, just a step toward addressing climate change. “All the conservation work that we're doing has an effect on that,” Tawney says. “You're really still working on it but you're not directly working on it.”
That's not how all hunters approach climate change. Randy Newberg, a hunter and advocate for hunting on public lands, has no qualms about acknowledging the problem. “If you spend as much time in the hills as I do, I don't know how you could deny that climate is changing,” he says. Deniers exist, “but honestly, I call them the flat-Earth society,” he adds. Many hunters see climate change as a serious threat to the wildlife and public lands they want to protect for future generations. That's what's been driving the conservation movement for decades in the US, and it should not be a liberal or a conservative issues, says Newberg, who identifies as an Independent. “Maybe I'm naive and too idealistic for today's political world,” he says, “but I struggle to understand how is it that clean air and clean water and productive lands are a partisan issue. To me, they're an American issue.”
For now, the White House hasn't been very responsive, but it might be just too early to tell, says Bozmoski. Some proposals coming out of Washington — like the carbon tax and the climate change resolution — seem to bode well. “It really stokes our optimism on the Eco Right, that our family has gotten bigger and more powerful,” Bozmoski says. At the same time, he says, it will take time for Republicans to come together and put forward a climate change policy — they will need to get over the divisions within their own party and develop an actual policy. That's what groups like republicEn are there for, Bozmoski says. And he has high hopes. “The prospects for a coalition of lawmakers moving forward with a solution is better now than it has been in any point since 2010,” Bozmoski says. “There's no more pussyfooting around climate change out of fear.”
Environment artist and a teacher Dan John Cox discussed the most important things about environment design that aspiring game creators should take into consideration. Don't forget to check out his lectures and his website!
Introduction
I'm Dan John Cox , I've worked in games for 10 years on lots of very different projects. Most recently I've been working on Below and was on the small team that conceptualized and created Starlink: Battle for Atlas. I've also worked on Splinter Cell Blacklist, and a lot of small cancelled games!
Three things about environment art
My three big points for my students would be 1. Patience 2. Balance 3. Observation
1. Patience: It takes a long time, and a lot of failed work to get good at art, and even when you get good you don't think you are. Patience to me is more important than practice. Because anyone can practice, but how long can you practice before you expect specific results (a job, great skill, external validation of some sort). Patience means being kind to yourself and keeping at the art form over time. I've had so many talented students who didn't get a break despite their amazing skill, but they stuck with it and it's paying off.
2. Balance: Be good to yourself and your mind and body. When I taught at a school our course was short so we drove the students HARD, they often had sleepless nights. This can and should only be done for a short period and then the artist needs time to recover. I always pushed my students to fully rest when break time came and to not create unless they desire it. One can create art when their mind and body are in shreds, but learning doesn't take place there. Plus it can create long term problems.
3. Observation: This is the most cliche one but it's too important to leave out. Basically you have to look around. As you learn your craft you need to compare you results with what exists in the world and attempt to replicate it or at least pick it apart to learn more about it. I never looked at wood surfaces until I was learning 3D and discovered how super compelling they are and what makes certain wood forms interesting to me and what makes some 3D ones fall flat, you can't gain that knowledge without constantly looking at the world around you.
My interior design talk fundamentally changed how I teach environment design and construction. I had a vague idea about how these things worked visually but never had to sit down and more completely break it down as I did with that talk. I've often used those same terms to discuss what's working in a scene and what isn't, it's been very helpful for me to articulate whats right and wrong, I've often used it in studio work as well.
Focus
Two games came out recently that are both narratively focused, environment focused and handle order with different levels of success. That's Tacoma and Hellblade. Before I start any critique here let me be clear, these are both great games and my points don't make either bad or good It's just simply how they've handled one small aspect of their world structure.
In my opinion Tacoma has much better level design, which is effectively what Order is when it relates to interior design and environment design. In Tacoma you often can just walk and find you way to the place you want to be, each path is unique and It's pretty easy to understand the structure of a set of rooms very quickly. There are nearly zero repeat rooms or hallways, the structure is always just different enough to help you memorize the structure of the room and adjacent hallways. Visually the walls are simple and non distracting and the set dressing is what stands out making it again easy to remember each room in your mind with little effort, which means you can visualize a set of spaces very easily.
Whereas Hellblade's scenes can be full of visual information which can sometimes to the game's benefit as it's meant to be disorienting. However there are times in the game where you get lost because the area is so large and objects and materials are so similar the whole way through that it's hard to remember the structure of a space you were meant to puzzle through. In this case I went through one area where there was pouring rain, bright lights hanging from trees, intense chomatic aboration, thin spiky trees, thin spiky ground blocking objects, and more taking up my visual field. I got lost multiple times trying to solve one puzzle and only really solved it through stumbling into it which was my experience with a number of puzzles. Chaos in the visual field fits the game's narrative 100% but it starts to hurt a player's ability to reliably solve a puzzle. Keep in mind too that Order and visual chaos can still exist hand in hand but that's an incredibly tight rope to walk.
Description
The following is a list of primitive irreducible polynomials for generating elements of a binary extension field GF(2m) from a base finite field. The list contains polynomials of degree 2 to 32.
Downloads
primitive_polynomials_GF2.txt
primitive_polynomials_GF2_extended.zip
x^2 + x^1 + 1
x^3 + x^1 + 1
x^4 + x^1 + 1
x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1
x^6 + x^1 + 1 x^6 + x^5 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + 1
x^7 + x^1 + 1 x^7 + x^3 + 1 x^7 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^7 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^7 + x^6 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^2 + 1 x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1
x^8 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^8 + x^5 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^8 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^1 + 1 x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^1 + 1 x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^2 + x^1 + 1
x^9 + x^4 + 1 x^9 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^9 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^9 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^9 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^9 + x^8 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^9 + x^8 + x^5 + x^4 + 1 x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + 1 x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^2 + 1 x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^1 + 1 x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + 1
x^10 + x^3 + 1 x^10 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^10 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^10 + x^8 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^10 + x^8 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^10 + x^8 + x^5 + x^1 + 1 x^10 + x^8 + x^5 + x^4 + 1 x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^10 + x^9 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^10 + x^9 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^1 + 1 x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1
x^11 + x^2 + 1 x^11 + x^5 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^11 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^11 + x^6 + x^5 + x^1 + 1 x^11 + x^7 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^11 + x^8 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^11 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^11 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^11 + x^9 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^11 + x^10 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^11 + x^10 + x^7 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^11 + x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^3 + x^1 + 1
x^12 + x^6 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^12 + x^9 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^12 + x^9 + x^8 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^12 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^2 + 1 x^12 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^6 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^9 + x^5 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^4 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^5 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^8 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1
x^13 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^13 + x^9 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^13 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^1 + 1 x^13 + x^10 + x^9 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + 1 x^13 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^13 + x^11 + x^8 + x^7 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^13 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^13 + x^12 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^13 + x^12 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + 1 x^13 + x^12 + x^9 + x^8 + x^4 + x^2 + 1 x^13 + x^12 + x^10 + x^8 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^5 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^9 + x^5 + x^3 + 1
x^14 + x^8 + x^6 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^10 + x^6 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^10 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^11 + x^6 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^11 + x^9 + x^6 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^14 + x^12 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + 1 x^14 + x^12 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^7 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^14 + x^13 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^13 + x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^13 + x^11 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^13 + x^11 + x^8 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^7 + x^6 + x^1 + 1 x^14 + x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^6 + x^5 + 1
x^15 + x^1 + 1 x^15 + x^4 + 1 x^15 + x^7 + 1 x^15 + x^7 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^15 + x^10 + x^5 + x^1 + 1 x^15 + x^10 + x^5 + x^4 + 1 x^15 + x^10 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^15 + x^10 + x^9 + x^7 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^15 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^15 + x^11 + x^7 + x^6 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^15 + x^12 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^15 + x^12 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^15 + x^12 + x^11 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^2 + 1 x^15 + x^14 + x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1
x^16 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^16 + x^12 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^12 + x^7 + x^2 + 1 x^16 + x^13 + x^12 + x^10 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^7 + x^6 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^6 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^14 + x^10 + x^8 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^14 + x^13 + x^12 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^16 + x^14 + x^13 + x^12 + x^10 + x^7 + 1 x^16 + x^15 + x^10 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^15 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^15 + x^11 + x^10 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^15 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^6 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^16 + x^15 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1
x^17 + x^3 + 1 x^17 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^17 + x^5 + 1 x^17 + x^6 + 1 x^17 + x^8 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^17 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^17 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^17 + x^12 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^17 + x^12 + x^9 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^17 + x^12 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^17 + x^14 + x^11 + x^7 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^17 + x^15 + x^13 + x^11 + x^9 + x^7 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^17 + x^15 + x^13 + x^11 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^17 + x^16 + x^3 + x^1 + 1
x^18 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^18 + x^7 + 1 x^18 + x^7 + x^5 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^18 + x^8 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^18 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + 1 x^18 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^18 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^18 + x^10 + x^7 + x^5 + 1 x^18 + x^10 + x^8 + x^5 + 1 x^18 + x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^18 + x^10 + x^9 + x^3 + 1 x^18 + x^13 + x^6 + x^4 + 1 x^18 + x^15 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^18 + x^15 + x^9 + x^2 + 1
x^19 + x^5 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^6 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^19 + x^7 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + 1 x^19 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^9 + x^8 + x^5 + 1 x^19 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^19 + x^11 + x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^19 + x^16 + x^13 + x^10 + x^7 + x^4 + x^1 + 1
x^20 + x^3 + 1 x^20 + x^9 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^20 + x^11 + x^8 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^20 + x^14 + x^10 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + 1 x^20 + x^17 + x^14 + x^10 + x^7 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^20 + x^19 + x^4 + x^3 + 1
x^21 + x^2 + 1 x^21 + x^8 + x^7 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^21 + x^10 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^21 + x^13 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^21 + x^14 + x^7 + x^2 + 1 x^21 + x^14 + x^7 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^21 + x^14 + x^12 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^21 + x^15 + x^10 + x^9 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^21 + x^20 + x^19 + x^18 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1
x^22 + x^1 + 1 x^22 + x^9 + x^5 + x^1 + 1 x^22 + x^14 + x^13 + x^12 + x^7 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^22 + x^17 + x^9 + x^7 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^22 + x^17 + x^13 + x^12 + x^8 + x^7 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^22 + x^20 + x^18 + x^16 + x^6 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1
x^23 + x^5 + 1 x^23 + x^5 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^23 + x^11 + x^10 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + 1 x^23 + x^12 + x^5 + x^4 + 1 x^23 + x^15 + x^10 + x^9 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^23 + x^16 + x^13 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^23 + x^17 + x^11 + x^5 + 1 x^23 + x^17 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^5 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^23 + x^18 + x^16 + x^13 + x^11 + x^8 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^23 + x^21 + x^7 + x^5 + 1
x^24 + x^7 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^24 + x^21 + x^19 + x^18 + x^17 + x^16 + x^15 + x^14 + x^13 + x^10 + x^9 + x^5 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^24 + x^22 + x^20 + x^18 + x^16 + x^14 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + 1
x^25 + x^3 + 1 x^25 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^25 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^25 + x^12 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^25 + x^12 + x^11 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^25 + x^17 + x^10 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^25 + x^18 + x^12 + x^11 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^25 + x^20 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^25 + x^20 + x^16 + x^11 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^25 + x^23 + x^21 + x^19 + x^9 + x^7 + x^5 + x^3 + 1
x^26 + x^6 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^26 + x^19 + x^16 + x^15 + x^14 + x^13 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^26 + x^21 + x^18 + x^16 + x^15 + x^13 + x^12 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^26 + x^22 + x^20 + x^19 + x^16 + x^13 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^26 + x^22 + x^21 + x^16 + x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^8 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^26 + x^23 + x^22 + x^21 + x^19 + x^18 + x^15 + x^14 + x^13 + x^11 + x^10 +x^9+x^8+x^6+x^5+x^2+ 1 x^26 + x^24 + x^21 + x^17 + x^16 + x^14 + x^13 + x^11 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^1 + 1
x^27 + x^5 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^27 + x^18 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^27 + x^22 + x^13 + x^11 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^27 + x^22 + x^17 + x^15 + x^14 + x^13 + x^6 + x^1 + 1 x^27 + x^22 + x^21 + x^20 + x^18 + x^17 + x^15 + x^13 + x^12 + x^7 + x^5 + 1 x^27 + x^24 + x^19 + x^16 + x^12 + x^8 + x^7 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^27 + x^24 + x^21 + x^19 + x^16 + x^13 + x^11 + x^9 + x^6 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^27 + x^25 + x^23 + x^21 + x^13 + x^11 + x^9 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^27 + x^25 + x^23 + x^21 + x^20 + x^19 + x^18 + x^16 + x^14 + x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^4 + x^3 + 1
x^28 + x^3 + 1 x^28 + x^13 + x^11 + x^9 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^28 + x^18 + x^17 + x^16 + x^9 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^28 + x^19 + x^17 + x^15 + x^10 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^28 + x^22 + x^11 + x^10 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^28 + x^24 + x^20 + x^16 + x^12 + x^8 + x^4 + x^3 + 1
x^29 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^12 + x^7 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^18 + x^14 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^19 + x^16 + x^6 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^20 + x^11 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^20 + x^16 + x^11 + x^8 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^21 + x^5 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^23 + x^10 + x^9 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^24 + x^14 + x^13 + x^8 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^29 + x^26 + x^5 + x^2 + 1
x^30 + x^23 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^30 + x^24 + x^20 + x^16 + x^14 + x^13 + x^11 + x^7 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^30 + x^24 + x^21 + x^20 + x^18 + x^15 + x^13 + x^12 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^30 + x^25 + x^24 + x^23 + x^19 + x^18 + x^16 + x^14 + x^11 + x^8 + x^6 + x^4 + x^3 + x^1 + 1 x^30 + x^27 + x^25 + x^24 + x^23 + x^22 + x^19 + x^16 + x^12 + x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^1 + 1
x^31 + x^3 + 1 x^31 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^31 + x^13 + x^8 + x^3 + 1 x^31 + x^16 + x^8 + x^4 + x^3 + x^2 + 1 x^31 + x^20 + x^15 + x^5 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^31 + x^20 + x^18 + x^7 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^31 + x^21 + x^12 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^31 + x^23 + x^22 + x^15 + x^14 + x^7 + x^4 + x^3 + 1 x^31 + x^25 + x^19 + x^14 + x^7 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^31 + x^27 + x^23 + x^19 + x^15 + x^11 + x^7 + x^3 + 1 x^31 + x^27 + x^23 + x^19 + x^15 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + x^2 + x^1 + 1
x^32 + x^22 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^32 + x^22 + x^21 + x^20 + x^18 + x^17 + x^15 + x^13 + x^12 + x^10 + x^8 + x^6 + x^4 + x^1 + 1 x^32 + x^23 + x^17 + x^16 + x^14 + x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^6 + x^5 + x^3 + 1 x^32 + x^26 + x^23 + x^22 + x^16 + x^12 + x^11 + x^10 + x^8 + x^7 + x^5 + x^4 + x^2 + x^1 + 1 x^32 + x^27 + x^26 + x^25 + x^24 + x^23 + x^22 + x^17 + x^13 + x^11 + x^10+x^9+x^8+x^7+x^2+x^1 + 1 x^32 + x^28 + x^19 + x^18 + x^16 + x^14 + x^11 + x^10 + x^9 + x^6 + x^5 + x^1 + 1
Credits
Share
Ever since Special Counsel Robert Mueller unsealed court documents showing the indictment of former Trump campaign aide George Papadopoulos as well as the plea deal which followed, the Trump administration has downplayed the role that Papadopoulos played within the campaign. The indictments filed by Mueller didn't really go all that in-depth, but did state that some of the information was left off of the official document.
It now appears as though Robert Mueller did indeed leave quite some substantial information off of this indictment and plea deal documentation. Just moments ago, Attorney, and Professor of Journalism Law at the University of New Hampshire, Seth Abramson, released earth-shattering allegations which appear to show collusion between Candidate Trump, George Papadopoulos and Russian President Vladimir Putin, among others. If true, these allegations also show that President Trump has lied about Papadopoulos' role within the campaign.
The entire document can be seen below. Abramson state that the sources of this information are from the following: “Reporters at Ta Nea (Greece), Kathimerini (Greece), SKAI TV (Greece), Sky News (UK), independent research (Putin travel itinerary). Credit also to @scottmstedman for his excellent work on Medium regarding ongoing Kammenos-Putin and Kammenos-Papadopoulos ties.”
Abramson goes on to note that he believes that this “new reporting” reveals that Trump has lied repeatedly about his contacts with Papadopoulos, and that it shows that Mueller intentionally left all of the relevant Trump information off of Papadopoulos' plea deal. He also noted that Papadopoulos' email to Paul Manafort came less than a week before he visited Athens at the same time Putin was there.
If this is all true, which it appears to be, then Mueller might already have enough information to indict several more Trump officials and certainly make the case for impeachment a rather clear one. This would almost certainly indicate a form of collusion between Trump and the Russian government. It's also worth noting that it appears as though foreign governments are now working with Robert Mueller on this investigation. Certainly Greece isn't the only country providing intelligence to the Special Counsel.
Let us hear your thoughts on this story in the comment section below.
152 SHARES Share Tweet
New Scottish Labour leader Richard Leonard has become embroiled in a row with the SNP over public ownership.
The MSP, who defeated Anas Sarwar for the leadership on 18 November, made a speech alongside UK party leader Jeremy Corbyn where he argued that many Scottish services should be brought back into public ownership.
He said public services such as “our railways, our buses, energy and Scottish Water” should return to Scottish public ownership.
However, a number of SNP politicians and journalists claimed that Scottish Water was already publicly owned, including Roseanna Cunningham MSP and former MP John Nicolson.
New Scottish Labour leader Richard Leonard just gave a speech demanding Scottish Water be “taken back into public ownership”. But it already is. John Nicolson
So who is right? Ferret Fact Service found Mr Nicolson's claim Mostly True.
Evidence
Scotland's water services are provided by Scottish Water, a publicly-owned company answerable to Scottish ministers.
The corporation is regulated through a number of bodies including the Water Industry Commission for Scotland, which sets the prices for water and sewerage.
It was set up in 2002 after the Water Industry (Scotland) Act amalgamated the existing regional authorities into a national statutory corporation.
Water privatisation took place in England and Wales in 1989 when Margaret Thatcher's government turned the ten regional water authorities into private limited companies.
This did not come into force in Scotland, with water supplies remaining in public hands.
However, some aspects of water provision have since allowed involvement from the private sector.
Scottish Water inherited a number of Private Finance Initiative (PFI) contracts for sewage plants which are contracted for between 25 and 40 years. These treat around 45 per cent of Scotland's waste water.
The Water Services etc (Scotland) Act 2005 established a new system of competition for non-household customers. This was passed into law by the Labour-led coalition at Holyrood and backed by the SNP.
This means Scottish Water does not directly manage supplying water to businesses but instead a service provider is chosen. The company added a separate retail arm – Scottish Business Stream.
Scottish Water explained the move, saying: “Under the Water Services etc. (Scotland) Act 2005, Scottish Water had to split its operation into wholesale (Scottish Water) and retail (Business Stream) units. Although ostensibly remaining a part of Scottish Water, Business Stream is working completely independently of its parent company.”
Scottish Business Stream is a subsidiary of publicly-owned Scottish Water which deals with the non-domestic water market. This covers water supply for businesses, hospitals, schools and industrial plants.
Scottish Water owns the treatment works and networks which provide water for properties and businesses in Scotland. The exception is a small number of mainly rural properties which have a private water supply. Scottish Business Stream buys these services from Scottish Water.
Scottish Business Stream initially held a near complete market share in Scotland's non-household market, but this has reduced.
In 2015, the Scottish Government chose Anglian Water to provide water management services to the public sector in Scotland in a £350m contract. This previously made up around 25 per cent of Scottish Business Stream's revenue.
Anglian Water now provides services for “200 Scottish public sector organisations and over 15,000 sites” including council buildings, hospitals and prisons.
In a statement after the contract was awarded, the Scottish Government blamed the enforced tendering process and EU competition rules for the contract leaving public control.
The move was criticised by opposition politicians and unions, including Unison and Scottish Labour.
Ferret Fact Service verdict: Mostly True
The claim that Scotland's water is publicly owned is essentially accurate. The water supply is provided by state-owned Scottish Water which supplies the vast majority of Scotland. However, in 2005 the non-household market was opened up to private sector competition. This has allowed companies to bid for water services, most notably Anglian Water gaining government contracts to manage services for Scotland's public bodies.
Ferret Fact Service (FFS) is a non-partisan fact checker, working to the International Fact-Checking Network fact-checkers' code of principles. All the sources used in our checks are publicly available and the FFS fact-checking methodology can be viewed here. Want to suggest a fact check? Email us at factcheck@theferret.scot or join our community forum.
This fact check appeared in the Daily Record on 1 December.
Several species of shark and tuna have something special going on inside their bodies.
For a long time, scientists have known that some fish species appear warm-blooded.
Salmon sharks can elevate their body temperatures by up to 20 degrees compared to the surrounding water, for example.
But researchers did not understand why, as maintaining such a warm body requires a lot of food, and takes a lot of costly energy.
Now new research suggests that fish evolved this ability to enable them to swim faster.
And by doing so, they are able to migrate further each year than cold blooded fish of the same size.
For the first time, a team analysed the swim speeds of several species of shark and tuna. They discovered a significant advantage; these fish could swim an average of 2.5 times faster than their cold-blooded counterparts.
And that was just their cruising speed, not the maximum speeds they reach when said, hunting prey.
In order to analyse this speed, the team led by Yuuki Watanabe of the National Institute of Polar Research, Japan, tracked 15 fishes by adding sensors onto their dorsal fins.
This sensor has a timer which releases it after 2-4 days. It then floats to the surface of the ocean.
They essentially evolved similar adaptions independently
A team of researchers then compared these swim speeds to previously published data taking into account body temperature, body size and how the species relate to each other.
The study, published in PNAS journal, also reports that these warm body temperatures in shark and tuna are an example of convergent evolution.
Tuna are bony fish, and are only distantly related to sharks, which have skeletons made of cartilage.
The two split from a common ancestor more than 450 million years ago. We don't know much about this common ancestor but it was most likely also cold-blooded.
That means these sharks, and tuna, must have separately evolved the capacity to warm their blood, says ocean scientist Yannis Papastamatiou of the University of the St Andrews, UK.
"When you look at other shark species and more closely related groups, they also don't have the ability to elevate body temperatures," he told BBC Earth.
"They essentially evolved similar adaptions independently as they are under the same sort of selective pressures," he said.
For example, as well as warming their blood, both tuna and certain large shark species have similar body shapes. They also can both swim fast and for long distances, benefits that outweight the costs of warming their bodies.
Follow Melissa Hogenboom and BBC Earth on Twitter
Posted December 29, 2014 at 1:28 am
- George meeting Elliot
- "You're not like this with my other friends"
- Possibly relevant
- George eyes Luke
I suspect for many readers, this is a "FINALLY" moment. Many have been speculating about George and his behavior, and at last, a character is truly making certain connections!
In theory, anyway. It's entirely possible that Sarah has just theorized that George doesn't like the idea of Justin and Luke being together because their hair makes him think of carrots and maybe he doesn't like carrots or something. That's not very likely, however.
Patreon Funded (includes today's EGS:NP and everything from last week during the story comic break)
EGS:NPs - Last Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Today
Sketchbooks - Last Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday
Lady Mysterious commentary
Fernando González Llort, one of the Cuban Five anti-terrorist heroes, returned home to Cuba on Feb. 28, after serving his entire unjust prison sentence of 15 years. González was released from the federal prison in Safford, Ariz., the day before when he was handed over to U.S. Immigration officials and deported.
González was met at the Jose Marti International Airport by Cuban President Raul Castro, his mother, Magali, spouse Rosa Aurora and two sisters. Rene González (no relation), the first of the Cuban Five to be freed, was also there to greet his comrade, whom he had not seen since their trial in 2001. The mothers of all the Cuban Five and the spouses of still-imprisoned Hernández and Labañino were there to greet him, too.
On March 2, a concert was held at the University of Havana to celebrate González's return and truly give him a hero's welcome. “I publicly reiterate my infinite gratitude for these 15 years of support and struggle that I know will not cease until Gerardo, Ramón and Tony have returned,” González told the crowd, referring to the three members of the Five who remain unjustly imprisoned in the United States.
In an interview with the CubanitoenCuba blog right before his release, González explained how solidarity and the support of the worldwide “Free the Five” movement helped sustain his capacity to resist and survive inside the cruel U.S. incarceration system. “Knowing that you can count on the understanding and support of a whole militant people and hundreds of thousands of friends worldwide inspires more confidence in victory,” he said. “We would never have given up our principles. However, the solidarity and support that we have received from the Cuban people and so many other friends everywhere make your sentence easier to bear and become to us a commitment of resistance and combativeness.”
This points out how imperative it is that progressive activists everywhere redouble our efforts to free all of the Cuban Five. We must bring the campaign to free the Cuban Five into our community groups, unions, schools, neighborhoods and news media. Endorse and spread the word about the International Commission of Inquiry, which takes place in London March 7-8 (voicesforthefive.com), and endorse and participate in the upcoming third annual “5 Days for the Cuban 5,” which takes place in Washington, D.C., June 4-11 (5daysforthecuban5.com).
RIGS: Mechanized Combat League Review
RIGS: Mechanized Combat League is part of the launch lineup for the much-hyped PlayStation VR. After hammering the opposition 6-1 in the third match of RIGS' career mode, I was worried the game's single-player mode would be like Rocket League‘s overly easy offering. Three games later, I was furiously yelling at my non-sentient AI teammates to carry their load as we were down by the same 5-point margin in a game of Powerslam – at half time. In its multiplayer portion, RIGS succeeds as an all-out action mech game fighting human players in order to rank up and get higher skill ratings. But in its career mode, RIGS transforms into something else. An almost entirely different experience that adds the challenge of managing a squad to play off your strengths.
The game opens with a lengthy introduction taking you through the mechanics, modes, and customization features – from your uniform to your visor, I've seen some pretty unique looks while matchmaking. Players can choose between different VR comfort settings having to do with the way you aim, like choosing to solely use head-tracking to move the camera or combining it with the right stick, and with how respawns work. Almost immediately, I was acclimatized to the feel of my RIG although aiming with the VR headset took a while to get used it, and I still haven't perfected it. Players have the ability to jump, dodge, and fire two primary weapons for use in the game's three modes. Team Takedown is your everyday deathmatch variant where teams of three go up against each other, Endzone plays like football where you have to run the objective through the enemy team's spawn, and Powerslam requires you to build up your Overdrive meter to then jump into the arena's central goal. The Overdrive feature enables all three of your RIGS' power modes (normally you can only use one) that are mapped to the square, triangle, and circle face buttons. The square ability gives you improved movement speed, hitting triangle auto-repairs your RIG, and the circle function increases the damage of your shots.
______________________________
“Guerilla Cambridge's inaugural PlayStation VR effort sports an astounding single-player career mode.”
As I progressed through the simplistic but incredibly well-designed career mode and the PvP variants, I started to appreciate the depth of the face button system and the level of strategy it adds to the game. My strategy was to use the speed mode to get out of my spawn and into the middle of battle, then quickly swap to the power mode to begin firing at opponents, and finally dash away to enable the auto-repair mode. Its ability to increase the skill gap between new players and experienced vets who took the time to learn made me uber-focused in every match to master them and try out new tactics. The four different classes of RIGS also have different abilities. My personal favorite was the Mirage class that crucially allows you to double jump which is important here as the game doesn't feature a clamber ability to climb up over walls. Additionally, the Sentinel class can take flight and slam into the ground harming nearby enemies and the Tempest class can hover in the air – which can be used to fire guided missiles from long-range after calculating a clear angle.
Where the goal in multiplayer is to earn skill points to make it into the next division, RIGS' career mode has you choose a team and build up its squad while attempting to get promoted into higher divisions and competing for titles in league and cup matches. The best thing about career mode is how it blends together all RIGS' mechanics and design decisions both inside and outside of the core gameplay experience. In order to get promoted you have to beat the teams in your division but in order to do that, you have to perform well in league matches. But then comes a twist; your initial teammates aren't that good and they certainly won't carry you to a league title victory in your first season. So then you are forced to swap them out for higher skilled teammates but those teammates will now eat away at a specified percent of your earnings – earnings used to buy new RIGS – after each match. This then forces you to perform even better but at this stage, the player's raw ability will have naturally increased. Throw in some cup games against higher division teams and RIGS produces an addictive loop that had me coming back for more.
______________________________
“The atmosphere of cup matches and the hilarious commentary from the announcers adds a real authenticity to matches.”
Unfortunately, RIGS does not deliver on all of its potential as it's held back by a lack of maps. Those that are there get the job done with a variety of locales spanning from beautiful Rio in Brazil to the sandy deserts of Nevada, but there simply isn't enough there. While the maps begin to feel samey after a while, there isn't any shortage of truly astounding moments in VR controlling your RIG. Moments that the Battlefield series has been revered for are here in abundance with every match featuring insane plays which are all only amplified in virtual reality. Going up the lift for the first time to hear the roar of the crowd or looking down in real life as you soar in the sky to take down an opponent that is firing back at you from below are moments that can only be experienced with the right tech.
Guerilla Cambridge's inaugural PlayStation VR effort sports an astounding single-player career mode and a simplistic suite of mechanics that becomes quite deep and tactical for those who take the time out to perfect it. Playing with other human players is a highly competitive experience with close matches in RIGS being some of the best multiplayer matches I've ever had. The atmosphere of cup matches and the hilarious commentary from the announcers adds a real authenticity to matches. However, the lack of maps to experience it all in is what holds RIGS back from being one of the best games I've played in years, but what is there can still be considered the killer app for PlayStation VR in its early days.
*** PSVR code supplied by the publisher ***
When Marina Abramović Dies, An Interview with Biographer and Author James Westcott
POST BY MARINA GALPERINA
Marina Abramović, Tesla Ball, 2003, cibrachrome, 49.25 x 49.25 inches. Image via: Artnet
When Marina Abramović dies, she would like Antony from Antony and the Johnsons to perform at one of her three funerals where no one will wear black and Marina-shaped marzipan cake will be served. Now, the self-proclaimed and widely recognized “grandmother of performance art” seems quite immortal. With a retrospective and new performance piece “The Artist is Present” running through May 31st at the MoMA, the artist is silent, despite numerous provocations. She will not be communicating with anyone, aside from eye contact across a wooden table. Her intimate, fascinating biography “When Marina Abramović Dies: A Biography ” has come out just in time to complete the silence. I met author James Westcott at the book release party, just before the artist's retrospective. With thorough excavations of her artistic and emotional life stacked on the table, Abramović promenaded the crowd, shattering my attempts to look casual. James Westcott charmingly welcomed my giddy enthusiasm and has also graciously shared some thoughts with me about Abramović's sense of humor, his most elusive interviewee and his favorite piece by the artist.
Marina Galperina: In writing ‘When Marina Abramović Dies,' what were the contradictions, the challenges and the joys?
James Westcott: To all three: the fact that Marina Abramović is an artist who is still very much alive! Extremely alive. And also to all three: the miraculous yet very fragile working structure I had with Marina whereby she was co-operating fully — pouring out her memories in weeks of intense interviews, opening her archive completely — and yet had no control over the book or how I used any of the material. So I was reliant on her total generosity and her total surrender of control. She is amazing at reaching that point of surrender in the most intense and climactic moments of her performances, but in every day life Marina, like any great artist, is naturally very concerned with control and nervous when she loses it.
Aside from talks with the artist herself, which interviews had a great affect on you and why?
Maybe it was the three most difficult interview subjects. The one person who refused to talk at all: Nesa Paripovic, who was married to Marina between 1971 and 1976; he simply hung up the phone when I went to Belgrade to try to track him down. The one person who didn't want to go on the record; [name withheld], because she was the only person who remained totally un-seduced by Marina's overwhelming charisma. And the one person with whom Marina has feuded over the years even more than with Ulay: her bother Velimir Abramovic, who only agreed to talk to me on my second trip to Belgrade. His analysis of Marina was so powerful, and so crystalisingcrystallizing. After Marina's breakup with Ulay and her increasing success in the art world, Velimir was very critical of her embrace of fame and fashion. He thought her interiority was disappearing and she was becoming like a mirror, reflecting the desires of those around her. But he said this was not necessarily a negative change. “Probably that is the change that every priest has to go through. You cannot function as a priest if you are an involved person.”
Seeing the artist in person reveals more of her sense of humor. What function does humor have in her work and life? And irony?
There are so many minor works that are really funny and silly. Like Luther (1982), in which Marina and Ulay put a cactus in a gallery, surrounded it with barbed wire, and made the gallerists speak nicely to it every day. They wanted to see if it would shed its spikes in this protected and loving atmosphere. It didn't. But there is also so much humour in the pieces that seem dead serious. Especially in the video documentation. When I was watching Charged Space in a video library in Amsterdam, I had to stop myself from cracking up: the way Marina and Ulay pitter-patter around in circles, getting more and more stupidly dizzy, is undeniably funny. I guess Marina is a good Buddhist in the way she mixes humour and seriousness so well. She couldn't do all these extreme tasks if there wasn't also a kind of gutsy black humor behind them. I don't think she uses irony at all; the finesse and condescension of irony isn't in her constitution. She is thankfully much more blunt and much more generous than that.
In terms of Rhythm O, which left Marina Abramović to the devices of the museum visitors for six hours as she was stripped, scratched, drenched in water and threatened with a loaded gun, do you consider Abramović's audience sadistic?
Yes, as a microcosm of all of us.
Do you think she'll ever put her life in the public's or someone else's hands for a performance again?
She did exactly that in Rhythm 0 with the gun and the bullet. And with Rest Energy with Ulay in 1980, when Ulay held an arrow, Marina held the bow, and they leaned back with the arrow pointing at Marina's heart. In a conceptual or metaphorical sense I think her life was in his hands in every performance they did together, but in Rest Energy it was really literal. But I don't think she'll do such dangerous performances again. Her focus now is on time and pure presence, not on danger.
What does Marina Abramović think of the title your book?
I think her attitude towards it is the same as for the whole book: she's kind of offended by (parts of) it, but also accepts it and appreciates it with unbelievable tolerance and generosity.
Which works speak to you most personally?
The Lovers (1988), where Marina and Ulay walked from opposite ends of the Great Wall of China to meet in the middle, because it was the first work of hers that I ever heard about and because I didn't know such things could be done a) at all, and b) as art. The House with the Ocean View, because this was the first eye contact I ever had with Marina. Rest Energy, because it represents the way we can all be totally undone by each other, and yet must remain open to that possibility.
Author James Westcott with Marina Galperina. “When Marina Abramović Dies” is available in most bookstores, from Barnes & Noble to St. Marks Bookshop.
Post by former AFC intern turned Animal New York blogger Marina Galperina
Mary, Mother of the Church and Mother of God, to you we turn. With your “yes” you have opened the door to the presence of Christ in the world, in history and in souls, receiving in humble silence and total submission the appeal of the Most High.
Grant that many men and women may know and hear, even today, the inviting voice of your Son: “Follow Me”. Stretch out your motherly hand over all missionaries scattered throughout the world, over religious men and women who assist the elderly, the sick, the deficient, the orphans; over those who are engaged in teaching, over the members of secular institutes, the silent leaven of good works; over those who in the cloister live on faith and love and beg for the salvation of the world. Amen.
~ St. John Paul II
(Image by ardelfin courtesy morguefile.com)
The function of Chief Scientific Adviser to the European Commission “has ceased to exist”, Anne Glover confirmed yesterday (13 November) but that does not mean the position will not be re-established by the new Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, EURACTIV understands.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has not yet decided whether to replace the role of former chief scientific adviser (CSA) Anne Glover when she leaves the EU executive next year.
“President Juncker believes in independent scientific advice,” said Commission spokesman Mina Andreeva.
“He has not yet decided how to institutionalise this independent scientific advice,” she told EURACTIV.
The mandate of the scientific adviser came to an end automatically with the expiry of the Barroso II Commission on 31 October, but the office of the CSA told EURACTIV last week that it was still waiting to hear whether its services would be extended by the incoming Commission.
“The European Commission confirmed to me yesterday (12 November) that, all decisions on the Bureau of European Policy Advisers (BEPA) were repealed and so the function of Chief Scientific Adviser has ceased to exist,” Glover told the president of the UK's Royal Society, Sir Paul Nurse, in an email published by The Guardian.
“It is not up to me to comment on this decision, but I would like to express that I am proud of what this office has achieved in less than three years with very few resources,” Glover added.
Although Glover's role no longer exists, she will continue to work at the Commission until the end of January offering transitional advice, a Commission spokesman confirmed.
Controversial position
The role of the scientific adviser was created by then Commission President José Manuel Barroso in 2012 to provide independent expert advice on any aspect of science, technology and innovation requested by him, usually in relation to major policy proposals being submitted to the EU executive.
The job was created in response to repeated calls to strengthen scientific advice and evidence-based policy in Europe.
The question of whether Juncker should re-appoint Glover – or someone else – to her post has stirred controversy in the Brussels bubble of EU policy specialists over the past year.
BusinessEurope, the EU employers' association, has shown clear support for maintaining the position. In a letter sent in May to José Manuel Barroso, it praised the “positive steps” that were taken under the outgoing Commission to encourage the use of “high quality science whenever officials develop policy, laws and rules”.
But Glover's role at the Commission drew criticism from transparency campaigners, who called on Juncker to scrap the position.
“The post of Chief Scientific Adviser is fundamentally problematic as it concentrates too much influence in one person, and undermines in-depth scientific research and assessments carried out by or for the Commission directorates in the course of policy elaboration,” wrote the Corporate Europe Observatory (CEO) in a letter to Jean-Claude Juncker.
“We hope that you as the incoming Commission President will decide not to nominate a chief scientific adviser and that instead the Commission will take its advice from a variety of independent, multi-disciplinary sources, with a focus on the public interest,” CEO said.
In scientific circles however, Glover has attracted more praise than criticism, and 40 scientific institutions sent a letter supporting her role to Juncker over the summer.
As previously reported by EURACTIV, Glover has argued for an “evidence centre” to be established at the European Commission that would disconnect the EU's evidence gathering processes from the “political imperative” that drives policy proposals.
>> Read: EU twisting facts to fit political agenda, chief scientist says
Conservative MEPs claim position will be maintained
Conservative MEPs reacted angrily to the news of Glover's departure, claiming that Juncker had assured them that the post would be preserved in his new administration.
“I am deeply disappointed by this news. I wait to hear the details but on the face of it this looks like a complete volte face by Mr Juncker. I believe that in a leaner, less bureaucratic, growth-focused Europe, the role of science should be augmented not diminished,” said Conservative environment spokesman Julie Girling.
Girling said that Juncker assured a meeting of European Conservatives and Reformists Group MEPs that the post would remain when he was canvassing support from them earlier in the year. She said she had put the question to him directly herself.
“We need more scientific input, not less. That's how we keep flaky legislation off the statute books. I fear Mr Juncker has caved in to the Green lobby,” she added.
She added that she would press Juncker “to explain why he has reneged on his commitment and to detail what he intends to do next”.
Matthew Finnegan is the former editor of Computerworld UK. He joined IDG in January 2013, having spent two years writing for various online tech publications. He still covers enterprise technology over at Computerworld in the USA.
Share LinkedIn
Virgin Atlantic is preparing for a significant increase in data as it embraces the internet of things, with a new fleet of highly connected planes each expected to create over half a terabyte of data per flight.
Speaking to Computerworld UK at the Economist Technology Frontiers event, Virgin Atlantic IT director David Bulman said that the airline company is expecting an “explosion” of information generated from a growing number of sources, from employees and customers to cargo containers and planes.
In particular, the introduction of Boeing 787 aircraft – ordered by Virgin Atlantic for delivery in 2014 – is expected to dramatically increase the volume of data the airline will need to deal with.
“The internet of things, in a broad sense, is where we are starting to see everything from planes to cargo devices getting connected,” Bulman said. "The latest planes we are getting, the Boeing 787s, are incredibly connected. Literally every piece of that plane has an internet connection, from the engines, to the flaps, to the landing gear.
He continued: "If there is a problem with one of the engines we will know before it lands to make sure that we have the parts there. It is getting to the point where each different part of the plane is telling us what it is doing as the flight is going on.”
This level of operational insight will involve generating large amounts of data from each 787 aircraft, he explained. “We can get upwards of half a terabyte of data from a single flight from all of the different devices which are internet connected," Bulman said.
The airline is also seeing the internet of things impact on other areas of its business since Bulman took on the IT director role a year ago, with a BYOD scheme also generating masses of data.
Meanwhile, customer-facing initiatives mean passengers can be tracked throughout their journey, with the use of RFID tags embedded in mobile devices.
“There are a whole range of things that are going on in the airline industry,” Bulman explained. “One that is potentially the most interesting - and the Scandinavians are ahead of this - is loading passport information onto devices. We are not taking part in this at the moment because the UK is not yet there, but there are airports such as in Copenhagen where you can get onto a plane without talking to a single person.”
With RFID tags to track cargo and, in the future, baggage, large demands are being placed on the airline's IT infrastructure. According to Bulman a scalable cloud solutions will be required to deal with the increase in data, which the company has seen double in the past two years, a rate that is likely to quicken in the future.
"The challenge is what do you do with that amount of data when you are getting terabytes of data a day off your various airplanes? We are getting to the stage right now where we cannot deal with that much.”
He added: “If you are talking that level of data you can't just chuck ten disks into your data centre anymore, you have to look at cloud based solutions and how you can store data."
If you read my day one pot grow diary entry, you might consider it quite the miracle that our two cannabis seeds have successfully sprouted. Also, that both clones (the starter plants) are alive and growing like WEEDS. Success!
Wait, what's The Oregonian doing?
We're growing marijuana - four plants - enough to max out the legal limit in Oregon. Two seeds and two clones.
Watch our marijuana grow LIVE
Sure, watching marijuana grow might only be fractionally more interesting than watching paint dry. Or...is it? Either way, we've set up a 24/7 live-stream channel so you can follow our progress.
What am I looking at here?
In our little indoor growing closet (where our live stream is set up), you'll see a clone (in the big pot) and both newly sprouted seeds (in the small pots). A 24" grow light hangs above. Our fourth plant is outside.
Sometimes the live-stream looks brighter, sometimes it looks darker - why?
Our grow light is on a timer.
12pm - 6pm = lights off
6pm - 12pm = lights on (18hrs)
Why 18 hours of light?
Here's a simple breakdown of marijuana plant light needs, based on growth stage:
Germination stage (when it sprouts) - No direct sun
Vegetative stage (when it grows leaves/branches) - 18 hours light/day
Flowering stage (when it produces bud, the stuff you smoke) - 12 hours light/day
Right now, our plants are in the vegetative stage. You could technically keep your plants in the vegetative stage with 18 hours of light until the plants are enormous (some commercial growers end up with huge tree trunks). But as soon as you switch your light cycle to 12 hours a day, the plant will stop growing and begin to flower.
Why we're on a nighttime sun cycle
Since it's so hot right now, my growing mentor and marijuana science-geek, Jeremy Plumb, had the brilliant foresight to set the grow light timer to a nighttime sun cycle. This way, the plant gets light in the cooler parts of the day and doesn't risk overheating.
Um, what's that dangling wire? I think you messed up the shot
Not quite. The hanging wire on the right monitors the temperature and humidity. It dangles next to the plant because we want a reading in the area immediately surrounding the plant. Growing marijuana plants are happiest in 75-85 degree weather with about 40-70% humidity.
The plant looks like a trembling Chihuahua
Yes, yes it does. It's because we have a fan in there. A fan helps promote oxygen flow around the plant and keeps the plant structure strong. A slightly quivering/dancing plant is exactly what you want. It's best to use an oscillating fan - the kind that rotates side to side.
What's next?
A shopping list - A breakdown of the supplies we used
Gender reveal - And the importance of knowing your plant's gender
And other exciting updates! Stay Tuned!
Yours truly,
Teresa
--
Marijuana growing videos
Part 1 | Should I grow marijuana indoors or outdoors?
Part 2 | Should I grow marijuana from seed or clone?
Part 3 | How to sprout marijuana seeds
Part 4 | How to transplant a marijuana starter plant in your garden
Part 5 | When to water your marijuana plant
FAQ | Want to grow your own marijuana? Here is how to get started in Oregon
In 2014, I spoke with Gavin Pretor-Pinney, the founder of The Cloud Appreciation Society, about his quixotic mission: to get recognition for a new category of cloud called the “undulatus asperatus.” For years, individuals from across the world had been sending him pictures of the unusual formations, trying to figure out what they were. But they had no official name.
Yesterday, on World Meteorological Day — nine years after the classification was first submitted — the World Meteorological Organization finally recognized Pretor-Pinney's clouds in the updated version of the International Cloud Atlas, though the name has been tweaked to “asperitas.” They're the first new addition to the Atlas in over half a century.
Pretor-Pinney described the formations as “localized waves in the cloud base, either smooth or dappled with smaller features, sometimes descending into sharp points, as if viewing a roughened sea surface from below. Varying levels of illumination and thickness of cloud can lead to dramatic visual effects.” Asperitas clouds tend to be low-lying, and are caused by weather fronts that create undulating waves in the atmosphere.
In layman's terms the clouds look downright apocalyptic — these are the clouds you'd expect to see on Judgement Day, or in the lead-up to an alien invasion. One look at these clouds and you know something very bad is coming.
Though the clouds are grim, it's nice to see a crowdsourced project gain some recognition from the scientific community. And it's not often we get to see something this beautiful born out of thin air.
I Have WHAT?
Ouch. I've just had the most painful case of Sphenopalatine Ganglioneuralgia ever!
I took a huge gulp of icy-cold tea, and it gave me what we laypeople call brain freeze.
Today's blog is not about brain freeze, however; we're looking at Latin and Greek medical terms for common health conditions.
The idea came from a creative p.r. person looking to promote the new-ish health-info search engine RightHealth.com (which, by the way, is worth checking out). She sent me a short list of such terms, along with their definitions, and invited me to interview the site's staff physician, Steven Chang.
I love it when people send me interesting ideas. (That includes you, readers!) So I figured I'd run a list of these terms, just for fun.
But then I got to thinking: Why do doctors need their own special language to talk about these things? It's as if they're in a private club with a secret handshake. Shouldn't they be working toward communicating more clearly with patients and not clinging to jargon?
Turns out there's good reason for them to stick with the Latin. Dr. Chang explained to me that medical students are taught Latin terms and other shortcuts that make it easier for them to communicate clearly, directly and efficiently with one another, to the patient's ultimate benefit.
Take that brain freeze term, for instance. Sphenopalatine = a region on the top of the mouth; ganglio = a junction of nerves; and neuralgia = pain. So: pain in junction of nerves at the top of the mouth.
Shorter and sweeter than "brain freeze," though? I'm not seeing it.
But doctor-speak does have its utility and extends beyond funky terms for common conditions. Chang explains that in hospital settings in particular, medical shorthand that's taught in med school helps doctors communicate swiftly and clearly. If he wanted to write a note describing a patient and her condition, he explained, he could write it out in lay terms:
A 74 year-old female with a past medical history of coronary artery disease, cerebral vascular accident (stroke), and congestive heart failure presents with swelling in her right leg and difficulty breathing when lying down for the past 24 hours.
Or he could say it the short way:
74 yo â™€ Ä‡ h/o CAD, CVA, CHF p/w R LE edema and orthopnea x 24hrs
(That accent mark over the lower-case c is supposed to be a straight line, but my computer didn't know how to make that happen.)
I think that's pretty cool.
Here are a few more fancy medical terms, with definitions supplied by the folks at RightHealth.
Blepharospasm = Eye Twitch: A blepharospasm is an abnormal tic or twitch of the eye, caused by caffeine, fatigue, pain, stress or an irritant. Women are twice as likely to get them. Often the twitches go away without treatment, but sun glasses, ample sleep and stress and caffeine reduction can help.
Neuropraxia = Pins and Needles in Limbs: Ever have your arm or leg fall asleep? That is called neuropraxia, and it is caused by pressure on the nerves -- not poor circulation like some might think. The sensation is only temporary, and will be relieved by moving the affected limb.
Rhinotillexomania = Compulsive Nose Picking: Studies of nose picking suggest that it's an almost universal practice among adults and is not considered a pathologic disorder. However, it is often associated with other habitual behaviors. One study population was found to pick their noses an average of four times a day.
Gross.
The Missouri Ethics Commission on Friday dismissed a complaint against Republican attorney general candidate Josh Hawley, deciding it found no evidence he improperly used not-for-profits he created to promote his candidacy without disclosing donors or spending.
The commission left unanswered, however, whether Hawley, an associate professor of law at the University of Missouri, misused public resources to promote his campaign. State law bars the commission from investigating complaints other than campaign finance violations or failure to properly report personal financial information filed within 60 days of the primary until after the general election.
The complaint, filed by Stoddard County Prosecuting Attorney Russell Oliver, was received on June 3, the day after the deadline for fully investigating its charges, said Stacy Heislen, deputy director of the commission.
The commission took the complaint because of the campaign finance allegations, a letter to Hawley from commission Executive Director James Klahr stated. Because of the time limits in state law, the commission �did not entertain the allegations related to the use of university resources for political purposes,� he wrote.
Oliver alleged Hawley used the Missouri Liberty Project and two not-for-profit corporations to engage in partisan campaigning before announcing his bid for office last July. Hawley created the Missouri Liberty Project to highlight his work on religious liberty issues.
A second complaint, naming Hawley campaign treasurer Tom Walsh, also was dismissed. Klahr sent letters to Hawley and Walsh reporting the dismissal.
�The commission did not identify any evidence to establish reasonable grounds that the not-for-profits were used to promote your candidacy, nor did they make contributions or expenditures on your behalf,� the letter to Hawley reads. �Evidence was not found that you met the definition of a candidate prior to officially declaring as a candidate and registering a committee.�
Oliver also claimed a Twitter account and the followers it had attracted were transferred from the Missouri Liberty Project to Hawley�s campaign and should have been reported as an in-kind contribution.
�Evidence was not found to support the Twitter account belonged to the not-for-profits thus requiring the reporting of an in-kind contribution by the committee,� Klahr wrote.
The commission considered the investigative report on the complaint in closed session. Before the ruling was issued publicly, Oliver said he spoke to investigators several times and was satisfied that they were seriously considering his allegations.
After the ruling was issued, however, Oliver said he was disappointed because the commission seemed willing to allow anything.
�We truly have the Wild West in Missouri,� Oliver said. �There is absolutely no reason now for someone to comply with the laws .�
Hawley is in the middle of a bitter fight with state Sen. Kurt Schaefer, R-Columbia, for the Republican nomination for attorney general in the Aug. 2 primary. The campaign has featured scathing attack ads from Schaefer accusing Hawley of taking sides with a terrorist in a court case over religious rights of prisoners and ads from Hawley saying Schaefer is a moderate masquerading as a conservative.
Schaefer�s ad has been condemned by former Sen. Jack Danforth, a Republican who served as attorney general from 1969 to 1977, and its accuracy has been called into question by statements from the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, which issued a statement that Hawley�s name was included in a brief for the case by mistake.
Reacting to the commission action, Hawley spokesman Scott Paradise said it has �been a bad week for Kurt Schaefer. First, his TV smear ad was proven to be totally and willfully false. Now the ethics commission has dismissed his supporters� frivolous ethics complaint.�
Schaefer campaign manager Scott Dieckhaus said the statement about the allegations that were not investigated means the action decided little other than that there was not enough evidence to prove Hawley violated campaign finance law.
�The last paragraph indicates there may be other investigations or other avenues for looking at abuses of power,� Dieckhaus said. �They left everything else on the table.�
The winner of the primary will face either Teresa Hensley, former Cass County prosecuting attorney, or Jake Zimmerman, St. Louis County assessor, in the November election.
Oliver�s complaint asked the commission to re-investigate a complaint from 2015. Using evidence from an open records lawsuit against Hawley and the University of Missouri, Oliver accused Hawley of using his university computers to set up speaking engagements with partisan groups.
During the investigation in 2015, Hawley had not announced his candidacy. The commission at that time found the Missouri Forward Alliance spent $1,756 for space to host a breakfast at the 2015 Republican Reagan Lincoln Days and that Hawley spoke 56 times, including at 10 county Lincoln Day events, in 2014 and 2015.
The alliance, organized as a tax-exempt organization that can advocate for political causes and keep its donors� identities secret, was created in January 2014. It did business as the Missouri Liberty Project and was the vehicle for Hawley and his wife, Erin Hawley, also a law school faculty member, to file friend-of-the-court briefs in several Supreme Court cases.
Hawley founded a separate organization, the Missouri Forward Foundation, in November 2013 as a 501�3 charitable corporation, with donations tax-deductible under federal law and banned from engaging in political advocacy.
Oliver said he would review the decision and consider whether other agencies, including the IRS or the Federal Election Commission, should be asked to investigate potential violations of federal tax or election laws.
�It is a sad day for Missouri politics,� Oliver said. �The one thing we had in Missouri � and that our campaigns depend on � is disclosure.�
GAZA CITY (Ma'an) -- The Gaza government's ministry of communications announced on Thursday it would block access to pornographic websites starting in September.
Ministry licensing head Kamal al-Masr said they the authorities had asked the 10 main Internet providers operating in Gaza to block the sites from Sept. 1, after a government decision a week earlier.
Any violations of the decision will be punished under Palestinian communications and penal law, he added.
In 2008, the Gaza government announced the Palestinian telecommunications provider would begin blocking adult content.
Testing by the Canada- and US-based university coalition Open Net Initiative shortly afterward showed PalTel had implemented filtering of sexually explicit websites in Gaza.
But al-Masr said the government was only now responding to complaints from parents and teachers. He stressed that the ministry itself is not blocking the sites, but asking ISPs to implement safe content standards used "internationally".
In late April the Palestinian Authority was found to have blocked access to nine websites critical of the president. The filtering plan was reversed in early May.
By Spencer Kellogg | USA
Wow! We did it! No one can ever take this moment from us! 10,000 dollars for 1 BITCOIN! If not a revolution in decentralized currency and power then it is surely the greatest troll ever orchestrated by the powerless. At this rate, if I was a betting man (and I've shown myself to be a terrible one), I'd guess that John Mcafee's member will not be dinner anytime soon. While many traders' eyes are lost deep in their swelling bank accounts, we must sit back and marvel at the creation, spirit, and determination of the human being. Here in the strung out, psychedelic world of the shadow web, something is so genuinely afoot that no one can look away; Bitcoin. A cultural, economic and political revolution that is singular in its nature and completely borderless. Bottled in the sphere of a new monetary system it is a streaking asteroid aimed directly at the corporate power elite and career-minded politicians who have utilized our centralized banking system to their benefit.
Once a limitless playground for freaks and geeks alike, the internet has drudgingly been reduced to a whimper of censorship, central economic planning, and total philosophical control. While the American & Chinese governments are busy pushing forward plans to further regulate and monetize the world wide web, the cryptocurrency Bitcoin (along with a host of other platforms and tokens) have surged to unseen heights of cultural adoption and economic speculation. Politically, Bitcoin is a completely permissionless anti-state actor against the triumvirate that has long stood against the advancement of our modern democracies: banks, governments, and academia. Each of these three centralized power structures doubted and attacked Bitcoin labeling its users as nothing more than drug peddlers and intellectual neophytes. They continually called it a speculative bubble and denounced its support and implementation as mere fantasy. They were wrong.
Bitcoin is a wholly organic movement built on the simple idea that the power of money and governance should rest in the hands of its people. It is libertarian, it is utilitarian, it is collectivist, it is Marxist, it is democratic. It is a new political idealism rooted firmly inside the spirit of the technological age. This power, boosted by the freedom of information and buoyed by the spirit of individualism, is a direct shot against attempts to limit the internets' openness, centralize economic power into the hands of the few and degrade the liberty and decency of the individual.
The blockchain can be a greedy sort. Nakamoto must've known it would be. I can't imagine he/she/they intended it as such but truly free markets reveal themselves in the eyes and pockets of its traders. This is a global financial opportunity unseen in decades if not centuries. A bull run so wild that market traders with 40 years of experience would wipe the fog off their charred glasses in stunned silence as a parabolic wall of buys smashed thru the top of their Coinbase client.
Lost in this excitement is the dread of mainstream impact. I am the worrying type. I see how China, with its eyes dead set on the future, has toyed with the Bitcoin market in the past year while also preparing and investing in its future. Meanwhile, our politicians bicker over identity politics and sexual harassment as a tide of money and ideas are surging without reluctance all around them. I imagine what this will look like in 2 years when our Congress finally gets around to sinking its claws deep and I worry. Furthermore, when corporations and governments get around to simply moving their FIAT and banking structures onto the blockchain, what will be the countenance of a growingly statist public?
There is always the chance we will wake up one dull morning to find Bitcoin was indeed, a scam. That it was built on the backs of empty nodes in CIA labs simply to monitor the anti-government leanings of activists and commoners alike. Or worse, as we approach singularity, we could soon find that computers themselves have built a superior blockchain and outpaced the ‘slow minds' of our human skin rendering Bitcoin worthless. I worry less about these things. Irregardless if they come true, it does not distort the shining truth that lies at the center of this movement: free people.
The next time you open your Blockfolio account to spectacular gains remember: Bitcoin is Bigger Than Your Bank Account.
Featured image by Black Falcon of blackfalcon.org
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
The middleweight bout between Michael Bisping and Robert Whittaker, which was set to take place at UFC 193 in Melbourne, Australia, is off.
During Wednesday's edition of UFC Tonight the veteran Bisping announced that he had suffered an elbow injury that will force him off the card. The injury will require minor surgery, Bisping said, and he expects to be out of action for a few weeks.
Bisping, who is currently ranked No. 7 in the media-driven UFC, was part of the pay-per-view portion of the main card. There was no word if New Zealand's Whittaker would be given another opponent.
"I apologize to everybody who bought tickets, to the UFC, to Robert Whittaker for pulling out of the fight," Bisping said on the show. "But, it's still going to be an amazing show. I'm just annoyed that I'm not going to be there to be a part of it."
UFC 193 takes place at the Etihad Stadium on Nov. 14, which can seat in excess of 70,000 people. The UFC is hoping to break the company's attendance record, which was set back in 2011 at UFC 129 in Toronto, which drew over 55,000 through the gates.
The card will be headlined by women's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey, who will defend her title against Holly Holm, and a co-main event between strawweight champion Joanna Jedrzejczyk and Valerie Letourneau. Also featured on the card will be a heavyweight rematch between New Zealand's Mark Hunt against Antonio Silva.
Some thirty years ago, London was stolen by bats. In its new subterranean home, the city's customary overcast skies are now cast in a pale green glow, and despite the appearance of devils and rubber men, the citizens have continued on, business as usual. Or at least they've tried to. This is the setting of Failbetter Games's debut text-based adventure game of the same name.
Since 2009, London-based Failbetter Games has been gaining attention for its spectacular writing and peerless world building. They've been pushing the expectations for stories in video games for years, and with the success of games like Sunless Sea and the upcoming Sunless Skies, there're no signs of them stopping anytime soon. Inverse spoke with Failbetter's Director of Narrative, Chris Gardiner about how the team crafts these weird and wonderful stories, and the best ways to build a game with a “soul”.
There's lots to explore in these winding city streets.
I read that Fallen London right now has upward of 1.5 million words, while Sunless Sea has around 300,000, but when you're playing these games, you're not barraged with text. So how do you strike that balance while painting such a rich literary picture?
We worked quite hard to keep our text into bite-sized chunks, and we've actually sought technical solutions to this because it's quite hard to tell when you're writing how far you've gone for. We've found that what works best is if you put a little number in the corner of each text box that counts down every time you add a word, and when you've put more than 100 words it turns bright red. And this triggers fierce impulses in our little tiny brains, and we stop writing immediately and go and try to take some words out. But we have quite strict word limits. Writing to those limits is very hard, but it's worth it.
Did it take you a while to get used to writing within those limits?
We are never used to writing in those limits. Every single piece of work we have when it goes through review or QA, almost always someone says, “Get this within the word limits!” and what seems like an impossible task when you first wrote it, when you go back and revisit it, you always find you can trim this, trim that, and rework it.
We'll let Failbetter's writing speak for itself.
One of the biggest draws of the Fallen London universe is its sense of humor. How do you incorporate that subtle humor into such a dark, fantasy world?
I think humor and darkness go quite well together. And I think a lot of the British comedy, that many of us were brought up on, is very much about those two things going hand in hand, and contrasting the one with the other. I think a moment's levity deployed in the right place can make horror feel much darker. Something horrific can add an edge to the humor that can make it a little more surprising and therefore, a little more genuine.
And I think the basic kind of framework of the game — it has a certain amount of silliness encoded into it. It's got talking rats and a hat with teeth that you can wear. Some of the very earliest prose that Alexis, who founded Failbetter, wrote was this excerpt from a newspaper reporting on the day London was stolen by bats and taken beneath the Earth. And the headline — “London Stolen by Bats” is innately silly.
Back to the earliest days, it had humor as part of its DNA. It's always there for us to work with. We have all of these things that lend themselves to humor that we can pick up whenever we fancy.
Failbetter's second game, 'Sunless Sea,' sets out for the murky depths of the Unterzee.
At the same time, the writing has this sort of mysterious air that also makes the games stand out. How do you think that sense of mystery and the deliberate ambiguity lend to the gameplay? Or does the gameplay lend to that sort of writing?
We tend to write our lore in a way that stages its release. So if we think of a new character, in our lore documents we'll write a number of increasingly specific bits of information about them. And then we'll start by releasing the first ones, and then we'll hide the later ones behind later, tougher, or less obvious content.
We write them in this staged way. Our players have always responded very strongly to the mystery. Where possible, we try not to just give answers to mysteries. We'll repeat the same piece of information in different ways, contexts, and in different places.
I think our earliest big mystery was London is the fifth city to be stolen, and there's a big question of what were the previous four cities. It never says in the game exactly what they were, but there are lots of little clues that people would find and piece together, and our fans were very efficient at putting those pieces together and doing the research to find out what it was. We're always amazed at how little it takes for the dedicated fans to work something out.
The Scrive-Spinsters are spooky creatures found in the upcoming 'Sunless Skies'
How does artwork coincide with the story you're trying to tell? Do you think they inform each other, or does the artwork come directly from the writing?
We have quite a collaborative process on the art. Normally, we'll write a pitch for a bit of content, and then based on that we'll put in a number of art requests. Then Paul, our CEO and entire art department, will draw them. He's an exceptional artist, and receiving a bit of art is always like a present. It's always really exciting for the writers. It is very, very common that we then go back and change or add to some of the writing.
So recently, for the Sunless Skies Kickstarter, we talked about one of the monsters in Sunless Skies. It was the Scrive-Spinsters, which are these survivors of an ancient library that was lost. They wear the pages that they managed to salvage from the library before it was destroyed. And I gave this quite vague art request to Paul, and then he drew them up.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
The way he drew them, they looked like they were made out of wood. They looked like mannequins, and that wasn't something that was in the original art pitch at all. But it was a really great, striking image. So then we went back and expanded their lore to fit that. We said that they were made from these bronzewood trees by a certain individual who then gave them as a gift to the ruler of this library. We then added bronzewood trees into the lore of Sunless Skies, which we've now written into other places and has now become a trade good that you'll be able to trade in Sunless Skies. So that wouldn't have happened without that particular piece of art looking like it did. So yeah, the art kind of feeds the content and the other way around, I think.
In 'Fallen London,' game mechanics and writing go hand-in-hand in subtle ways.
Are there times when the mechanics influence the story? That might apply more to a game like Sunless Sea but . . .
Yeah, but I think it applies a lot to Fallen London as well. I think it's perhaps not always as obvious in Fallen London, because quite a lot of the mechanics are hidden behind the process of reading a situation and then making a decision based on it. It's not always obvious that there's gameplay in there. But all of our writers are designers as well, and they have to design the structures that the stories fit in, and the little loops of gameplay that you have to play through.
We wrote a story in Fallen London recently about helping a struggling theater put on a show while there was strange stuff happening in the basement. To do that, Olivia, the writer, had to design a little kind of mini game where you're doing stuff to help out around the theater, and by doing that you build up enough trust with the stage manager to advance the plot. But all of that design, of what sort of things do you have to do to increase this trust, what are the consequences of failing, what are the risks to it, all that kind of stuff is something that the writers do. The story and the mechanics very much go hand-in-hand for us.
So Fallen London was this already well-established universe before you started making Sunless Skies. How did you bring that universe over to a totally different genre. Were there any challenges in making that shift?
Yes. And there still are, I think. We still talk about this a lot. We knew we wanted it to be a separate game. We knew some quite drastic changes in the setup, and that kind of mandated a time jump to justify them.
We want enough familiar things that fans can recognize — characters, places, and events — but not so much that it's hostile to newcomers. And we also wanted to create — we'd been exploring the mysteries and setting of Fallen London for eight years now — and we wanted to establish a whole new series of mysteries, locations, and forces to explore.
'Sunless Skies' was fully funded on Kickstarter in just 4 hours.
As Director of Narrative, is there anything you're looking forward to exploring in crafting Sunless Skies?
A lot. It's really exciting being on a game from the ground up, from its first moments, its inception. A few weeks ago, we all pitched ideas for various ports in the first region of Sunless Skies. All the ideas were fantastic. It was actually quite annoying [laughs] because we can't do it all. I was hoping that, sort of, 30 percent of them would be a bit rubbish. They weren't. So, I had to kind of rule out some really good stuff already. But every single one of those ports, we're excited about getting a chance to write, explore, and dig into. I think that's the really exciting thing for me, suddenly, is having this blank map to populate and gradually filling that out.
What are you excited about in game writing in general? Things have improved a lot in say, the past 10 or so years. What do you see changing in the future?
I think there is more awareness of the importance of writing, and that it's not just something anyone can do. You can't just hand it to someone whose job is something else, and expect them to do an amazing job. There seems to be a gradual, slow, but perceptible shift to involving writing earlier in the process rather than making a game and then slapping the writing on over at the end to pull it all together. And that's what I want to see more of, really —more of seeing writers involved at the earliest point.
And I think it's not just about writing in terms of dialogue, plot, and prose. It's in terms of understanding what the soul of a game is. What its heart is. What its point is. And elucidating that to everyone who's going to be working on it, so everyone's working towards the same goal. And that's something that we work very hard at in Failbetter. We have a bunch of documents about what the themes of Sunless Skies are, and those aren't hoarded by the content team. Those are documents that everyone sees, is aware of, and has read, and informs everybody's work.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
Your boots need to be tough, reliable and up for any challenge. Belleville has been manufacturing military footwear since WWI, and they make boots that can stay the course whether you're trekking over deserts or traversing mountains. Belleville boots are made to protect your feet in comfort, allowing you to focus on your job and not on your aching feet. These sturdy boots are a top choose for both men and women, and come in styles that are right for military, law enforcement and anyone else who needs boots they can count on.
Belleville tactical boots come in a wide range of models, appropriate for different jobs and environments. You'll find lightweight models that help you stay fast and nimble on your feet, incorporating running-shoe technologies for an efficient foot strike. If you need a boot for harsh weather conditions, you'll find insulated and waterproof boots that keep your feet dry and warm. Desert and jungle boots come in materials that breathe, wick and drain quickly to give you the best performance even in brutal weather.
Belleville boots are available in different heights and colors, with various closures and in materials ranging from leather to nylon. You'll find models that meet military requirements as well as styles that are suited for off-duty activities.
Transitioning to OCP? Check out this handy guide! Click here for full size version.
There is a tradition in the theater of the ghost light, an exposed incandescent electric bulb on a light stand that is left burning on stage when the venue is closed. While most theater historians cite the light's origins as a safety beacon in the pre-flashlight days, its name suggests a more ghoulish origin. Michael E. Moran Jr., executive director of Stamford's Palace Theatre, enjoys telling the ectoplasmic version of the light that burns when his 61 Atlantic St. venue is empty.
“One story is that all theaters are haunted, and they leave on a light for the ghosts so they can come out,” he said. “We believe this is one of those theaters. Mary Vuono was the woman who had the Palace Theatre built in 1927 and there have been sightings of Mary's ghost several times over the years. She's been very friendly, just making sure that we're taking good care of her home.”
An Italian immigrant, Mary Vuono was the wife of a Stamford construction company co-founder and president and ran the former Strand Theatre, adjacent to what would be the Atlantic Street site of the Palace Theatre. She owned the Palace for more than 50 years, until her death in 1978.
If Mary Vuono's ghost is present, she has been enjoying a rich variety of shows as the theater celebrates its 90th anniversary year. The legendary rock band Chicago sold out the 1,590-seat hall in late September, while this month will see such diverse offerings as stand-up comic Lewis Black, Food Network personality Alton Brown's multimedia “Eat Your Science” presentation and the Stamford Symphony Orchestra interpreting the classical compositions of Tchaikovsky and Rimsky-Korsakov. And the Palace will kick off a new series of film screenings on Oct. 27 with the 1993 Bette Midler horror-comedy romp “Hocus Pocus,” with a $5 admission along with free pastries and cider.
“We're going to get back into film,” said Moran. “‘Hocus Pocus' will be our first, and we're going to follow up in November with Warren Miller's extreme ski movie ‘Line of Descent' and in December with ‘Sing Along Frozen.'”
Conceived as a vaudeville theater that attracted major headliners, including Will Rogers, Bill “Bojangles” Robinson and The Three Stooges, today's Palace in its schedule reflects demographic changes in Stamford and surrounding areas. A popular staple of the venue's lineup are live shows based on popular children's programming. PBS shows “Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood” and “Wild Kratts” and the broadcast classic “A Charlie Brown Christmas” will be presented on the Palace stage in coming weeks. Moran is also aware of Stamford's growing millennial population and is seeking their input for new shows.
“I'm getting constant recommendations from millennial audiences,” he said. “We did something not too long ago that we thought would be a very popular event for them: we brought the High & Mighty Brass Band in and removed the first nine rows of seats so we could have the standing, dancing, be close to the band environment. We want to do more of those, but we have to find those right acts.”
Moran, who came to the Palace in 2000 after working as director of operations for Crown Theatres, is confident that he can secure the right mix of programming. “Comedy is really the go-to for us,” he said, noting upcoming appearances by Chicago City Limits and Ron White. “It's always pretty successful. It's not expensive to do. You don't have four tractor trailers showing up — it's just a guy who shows up in a limousine.”
But Moran stays away from touring versions of Broadway shows, owing both to the Palace's proximity to the New York stage and the focus of other Connecticut theaters, including the Shubert in New Haven and Waterbury's Palace, in offering those presentations. And while the Palace had presented original live dramatic theater in the past, that is no longer the focus.
“We lean towards this as a presenting organization instead of a producing organization,” Moran said. “We operated the Rich Forum and that was designed as a producing organization, and they did five to six shows a year.”
Both the Palace and the Rich Forum are under the umbrella of the Stamford Center for the Arts. The Rich Forum, one block down from the Palace, is leased by NBCUniversal as a television production studio. For its part, the Palace relies on a mix of public and private sector input to support its approximately $3 million operating budget.
“We get money from state funding, city funding, individual donations, corporate funding and ticket revenues,” said Moran. “And we rent the building as well. Midtown Men were here on Sept. 30 as a fundraiser for Malta House, and Hunter Hayes will be here on Nov. 11 for a fundraiser for Dana's Angels Research Trust. Oftentimes, this is the best facility from the New York state line to the Klein in Bridgeport, and people use it as a resource for their organizations.”
Moran, who admitted to being in “friendly competition” with rival venues in Westchester County and Connecticut, noted that the Palace does attract out-of-state audiences. Some in the audience at a recent concert by Christian singer Matthew West, for example, had ZIP codes from Westchester and the Springfield-Chicopee area in Massachusetts.
But the Palace's executive director said that despite being in business for 90 years, the Stamford venue is still unknown to many people. “One of the greatest challenges we have is trying to reach the people who don't know about us. I could have Jerry Seinfeld in this building and the following weekend someone would say, ‘I didn't know you had Jerry Seinfeld.' It's a constant challenge. Stamford is a very transient community and it is really difficult to maintain that consistent wide net of marketing. But once we get you, we got you.”
At least one show biz legend is taken with the Palace. “Tony Bennett has been here a couple of times and on both occasions, he asked the quartet not to play and he sang a cappella,” Moran said. “And he commented on how phenomenal the acoustics in this building are. Hey, it doesn't get better than that.”
Selected by the Vancouver Canucks with the sixth overall pick at the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, Calgary Hitmen forward Jake Virtanen is the highest draft pick amongst all current Canucks prospects and debuts as the third highest ranked junior aged player on our list.
If you've been following this blog over the past year, you're probably a bit surprised to see Virtanen check in this high on the list. The CanucksArmy consensus has generally contended that the Canucks erred in drafting Virtanen with the sixth overall pick, something I don't quite agree with. This might be why I drew this particular assignment (despite being much more familiar with the OHL), or maybe I drew it because I had Virtanen ranked as the organization's second best prospect, which I've been assured is the highest such ranking the Abbotsford, B.C. born power forward received from our team of erstwhile Canucks bloggers.
Here's my logic: if the Canucks organization folded tomorrow (god forbid), and all of the club's prospects were suddenly made available to rival NHL clubs in a dispersal draft, which aspiring NHL player would be selected second, immediately following Buffalo Sabres general manager Tim Murray tripping on his way up to the podium to shout “Bo Horvat! Yess!” into the microphone? I don't think this is close. Quite obviously the 18-year-old who is coming off of a 45 goal age-17 season in the WHL would be the second selection; and well ahead of the undersized 20-year-old winger who just lost a full season to a serious hip-injury; and also ahead of the quick, reliable AHL defenseman who projects to have limited (if any) offensive value at the NHL level.
Read past the jump for more on Virtanen.
One of the youngest players in the 2014 NHL draft class, Virtanen only just turned 18 and is coming off of a pretty remarkable first time draft eligible season with the Hitmen. In terms of his statistical profile, there's a lot to like about what Virtanen accomplished last season. From the “Scouting Report” on Virtanen that I put together for theScore back in June:
In terms of his goal scoring, Virtanen had a monster season as a first year draft-eligible skater on a juggernaut Calgary Hitmen side. The big forward managed 45 goals, posting the third-best goals per game rate among first time draft-eligible CHL forwards (tied with Sam Bennett, and behind only Robbi Fabbri and Nikolaj Ehlers). The thing that's most impressive about Virtanen's goal-scoring totals, however, is how often he found the back of the net at even strength. Among first time draft-eligible skaters, no CHL player scored as many goals as Virtanen did at five-on-five (32).
There are some necessary contextual qualifiers to Virtanen's production, as there often are for CHL players. First of all, it's worth noting that he played mostly with talented older players like Brady Brassert, Adam Tambellini and Greg Chase – two of whom (Chase and Brassert) outscored Virtanen in aggregate and on a points-per-game basis last season. Also the Hitmen were a pretty woeful possession team despite their excellent record, so it seems very possible (even probable) that Virtanen's goal scoring output was percentage inflated.
Despite those red flags, Virtanen was a top-10 overall pick for a reason: he scored goals as a 17-year-old in major junior at a super elite level and he has an abundance of projectable tools.
“His best attribute is his skating, and he may be the best skater in this draft class,” raved ESPN's Corey Pronman ahead of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. “Virtanen's ability to gain the zone is very desirable and he's a player you want with the puck in transition because of his speed and impressive puck skills. He forechecks well, hustles to get his defensive assignments and plays hard on the penalty kill. Virtanen shot is plus, as he gets it off quick, with torque and accuracy.”
Pronman elaborated on Virtanen's ability in transition more recently, when he ranked Virtanen as the 26th best NHL prospect.
“His skating is elite,” wrote Pronman, “and he aids his team in a significant manner by how easily he gains the zone with the puck to establish pressure. Virtanen can also unleash a great shot.”
Scouting resource Red Line Report described Virtanen as “Loaded with some of the best physical tools in the draft,” adding that he has a “rifle shot with a lightning release.”
“He's built like an ox, and goes to the net unlike anyone I've seen in a number of years,” opined Calgary Sun beat writer Scott Fisher, who covers the Hitmen for the paper and chatted with us about Virtanen briefly last week. “He'll often protect the puck, put his shoulder down when coming down the right side, and he just puts defenseman on their backs.”
You can see Virtanen just skate through checks at will, and score a large handful of goals, in the highlight package below. His shot stands out in a major way in the video, as do his quick wrists and the physical element of his game:
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
So Virtanen is a player with plus skating and shooting ability, NHL-ready size, and a burgeoning reputation as the sort of gritty player capable of punishing opponents physically. You can understand why new Canucks general manager Jim Benning valued Virtanen over a handful of more skilled, but undersized prospects like William Nylander and Nikolaj Ehlers – even if you disagree with that decision.
Just for fun, here's some footage of a spirited bout in which Virtanen holds his own while fighting a player (Brady Ramsay) who is three years older than him:
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Welcome to the “Boston Model”.
For all of Virtanen's commendable tools, there is some concern about his anemic assist rate.
“I've heard scouts criticizing his lack of vision, that he doesn't distribute the puck,” Fisher told us over the phone. “But what does that matter if you're scoring nearly 50 goals?
“He's not a guy who will dangle around in the offensive-end when they're set up, or circle the net with the puck,” Fisher continued “He battles in the slot and finds his spots. If he gets the opportunity, he's looking to shoot.”
Fisher isn't the only person familiar with Virtanen to downplay concerns about his on-ice vision or playmaking ability recently.
“He won't be a team's primary puck carrier or scoring-chance creator,” admitted Pronman while filling out his 100 player draft board with notes, “but there's budding upside with Virtanen on that front if he continues to develop well.”
Whether Virtanen continues to develop well is anyone's guess, what we know for sure is that he won't have the opportunity to compete in the Penticton Young Stars Tournament or at Canucks training camp this fall. The top-prospect is still rehabbing from pre-draft shoulder surgery, and while he's ahead of schedule, he's implied that he won't return to the ice until after NHL training camps have broken.
He still could contend for a slot on Canada's World Junior Championship roster though, and the expectations remain high for his draft plus-one season.
“Depending on when he makes it back from shoulder surgery, I'd think the baseline is 50 goals for him next season,” opined Fisher.
To accomplish that Virtanen will have to do more with less in Calgary, while also defying the fickle gods of statistical regression. He's a top-10 pick though, with seemingly all of the tools, so the Canucks and Benning are betting that he's up to the task (even if the other CanucksArmy writers aren't).
OTHER PROFILES IN THIS SERIES:
But what about rot?
Concrete is porous and not waterproof on its own. This creates the possibility of the wood being moist for an extended period of time. Any time the issue of embedding structural posts in the ground comes up, people rightfully point out that moist wood will tend to rot. However, this approach is permitted per code. California Building Code § 1807.1.4 states, "Permanent wood foundation systems shall be designed and installed in accordance with AWC PWF. Lumber and plywood shall be treated in accordance with AWPA U1 (Commodity Specification A, Use Category 4B and Section 5.2) and shall be identified in accordance with Section 2303.1.9.1."
Direct embedding of wood is common in pole-barn construction as well as utility poles all around the country.
Perhaps most importantly, some providers of treated wood are willing to provide warranties. This ecolife wood, for instance, comes with a lifetime warranty against fungal decay and termite infestation.
Additionally, the concrete, which protrudes 6" above the ground, provides additional rot protection beyond what is required by the code or the wood treatment warranty.
But what about rebar reinforcement in the foundation?
Rebar reinforcement in concrete is provided for two main reasons, firstly to reduce cracking and secondly to provide bending strength for the concrete member. In this application, the wood post is strong enough to provide all of the bending strength required, and small cracks in the concrete below the ground surface are not a problem. Therefore, the foundations don't require any rebar below the ground. One or two #3 stirrups at the top of the foundation will guard against visible cracking above ground.
Cantilever wood carport structures are cost effective and ecologically friendly, and we ought to be seeing more of these simple projects.
By Leo Babauta
I just got back from a trip to Beijing and Shanghai, and really loved how light I traveled for 8 days.
It was the least amount of stuff I've taken on a trip of any length, and traveling has never been less tiring.
When you have very little on your back, it's less draining. It's faster and funner.
I thought I'd share my latest travel setup, in hopes that it'll inspire a few of you to try the joys of traveling lightly.
My Setup
This setup is unique to me, so I don't recommend that you copy it … but that said, I'm sharing it so you can possibly get a few ideas and see how light travel is possible.
The backpack. I traveled the entire time with just a tiny backpack, no luggage or roller bag. The one I used is the Goruck 15L Shadowruck, which is just 15-liters in volume and only 0.27 lbs. (!). It's super light. It's tough. Not much room in it. Perfect. No laptop. The most significant change I made to my setup this trip is to travel without my 11-inch Macbook Air. This tiny laptop is only 2.38 lbs., but traveling without a laptop is a huge change in weight. I was only going for 8 days, so I did my writing before I left. This wouldn't work for many people. If I had to write for a longer trip, I could find an Internet cafe in most cities and write there. The iPhone. While I resisted getting an iPhone for 6 years, in June Eva bought me the iPhone 5 for Father's Day. So I'm now a part of the smartphone masses. And I embraced it on this trip, carrying only the iPhone, no laptop or camera. I did my reading, Tweeting, email and other work on here. And of course used it to document my trip with sweet photos. Also included: the charging cord. Clothes: I favor workout clothes, because they are breathable, washable, comfortable and dry fast. So I wore the Ascent Pant, which looks a little dressy and is light and breathable. And a Precision T. And ExOfficio boxer briefs. I packed: another Precision T, two more boxer briefs, some workout socks, workout shorts, and a long-sleeve workout T-shirt. Just in case, I also packed a thin, lightweight Nike rain jacket (I didn't need it this trip). Just in case it was cold, I also packed a beanie. Toiletries. Deodorant, toothbrush, toothpaste, dental floss, nailclippers. Food. Just in case, I packed a handful of fruit & nut bars, and some raw almonds. Other. I also had a couple of notebooks and pens, for writing, my passport, earbuds, a travel towel, a sleep mask, ear plugs, and a universal travel adapter.
Total weight: under 8 lbs.
Questions and Answers
Q: Why travel without a laptop?
A: I liked traveling without all the weight. And I tend to use the laptop too much when I travel, so I thought the restriction of not having a laptop would be good for me. If I needed to write, I might have found a foldable keyboard for the iPhone, or used an Internet cafe.
Q: How do you travel with so few clothes?
A: I simply wash them in the shower, wring them out good, and hang them to dry in my hotel room. I didn't need to wash the pants, though they're easily washable (as opposed to jeans). If you wash underwear, a shirt and socks on most nights, you only need one or two changes.
Q: Why workout clothes and not cotton?
A: I love cotton. It's just heavier, and it gets smellier, than the workout clothes I pack. And it takes longer to dry. And wrinkles more. So the clothes I brought solve all those problems, and they're very comfortable.
Donald Trump's administration was reported to have carried out a drone strike in Pakistan on Thursday, raising the possibility of a shift in policy after a long hiatus in CIA operations there.
The attack killed two men in the tribal area of Kurram, which lies on the border with Afghanistan, according to government and intelligence officials as well as a local resident.
The reported strike - which occurred the same day as a large US air operation against targets in Yemen - was the first to take place in Pakistan since May last year.
The drone campaign in Pakistan has been known to pause, sometimes for months at a time. But yesterday's attack - if confirmed - would mark the end of the longest gap between strikes since 2006. The US began hitting Pakistan with drone attacks in 2004, carrying out 425 in total so far.
Tribal sources in Pakistan identified one of the men killed last week as Qari Abdullah Sabari, a commander of the Afghan Taliban, and the second man as Shakir, an Afghan national, according to The News. Two missiles reportedly struck their motorcycle.
Anonymous officials have said that the men killed belonged to either the Afghan Taliban or the Haqqani Network, groups involved in fighting in Afghanistan.
Confusingly, a Taliban source told Associated Press that a commander with the same first names - Qari Abdullah - was killed in a strike over the border in the Afghan province of Khost. However a US military official denied that any strikes had been carried out in Khost on Thursday.
The last US strike hit Pakistan on May 21, killing the leader of the Afghan Taliban as he was being driven through the restive region of Balochistan. This strike was the first carried out by the US military in Pakistan, with all others having been conducted by the CIA.
US Central Command, the American military command responsible for the region, denied conducting Thursday's strike, while the CIA refused to comment when contacted by the Bureau, a position it has routinely taken.
This ballad was printed on a broadside by J. Deacon sometime between 1683 and 1700. It was printed as The Great Messenger of Mortality, or a Dialogue betwixt Death and a Lady. A broadside of the ballad appears in the Roxburghe Collection. An earlier version is the second half of Beauties Warning, 1681-2.* Variants of the ballad were in several operas including The Cobler's Opera (1729), The Fashionable Lady (1730) and A New Year's Ode (1737). There are many variations to the tune and lyrics under the same title. This tune is similar to the Deacon tune. This version was collected in Sussex in 1893. The midi covers only the first few verses. The The Dance of Death (conversations between Death and his victims) was a popular theme throughout the 14th and 15th centuries and again in the 18th century.
DEATH
'Fair Lady, throw those costly robes aside,
No longer may you glory in your pride;
Take leave of all your carnal vain delight,
I've come to summon you away this night.'
LADY
'What bold attempt is this? Pray let me know
From whence you come, and whither I must go.
Shall I, who am a lady, stoop or bow
To such a pale-faced visage? Who art thou?'
D. 'Do you not know me? I will tell you then:
I am he that conquers all the sons of men,
No pitch of honour from my dart is free,
My name is Death! Have you not heard of me?'
L. 'Yes; I have heard of thee, time after time;
But, being in the glory of my prime,
I did not think you would have come so soon;
Why must my morning sun go down at noon?'
D. 'Talk not of noon! you may as well be mute;
There is no time at all for vain dispute,
Your riches, gold, and garments,jewels bright,
Your house, and land, must on new owners light.'
L. 'My heart is cold; it trembles at such news!
Here's bags of gold, if you will me excuse
And seize on those; and finish thou their strife,
Who wretched are, and weary of their life.
Are there not many bound in prison strong
In bitter grief? and souls that languish long,
Who could but find the grave a place of rest
From all their grief; by which they are opprest.
Besides there's many with a hoary head
And palsied joints; from whom all joy is fled
Release thou them whose sorrows are so great,
And spare my life until a later date!'
D. 'Though thy vain heart to riches is inclined
Yet thou must die and leave them all behind.
I come to none before their warrant's sealed,
And, when it is, they must submit, and yield.
Though some by age be full of grief and pain,
Till their appointed time they must remain;
I take no bribe, believe me,this is true.
Prepare yourself to go; I've come for you.'
L. 'But if, oh! if you could for me obtain
A freedom, and a longer life to reign,
Fain would I stay, if thou my life wouldst spare.
I have a daughter, beautiful and fair,
I wish to see her wed, whom I adore;
Grant me but this, and I will ask no more?'
(The last part of the music must be repeated
to fit the extra line)
D. 'This is a slender frivolous excuse!
I have you fast! I will not let you loose!
Leave her to Providence, for you must go
Along with me, whether you will or no!
If Death commands the King to leave his crown
He at my feet must lay his sceptre down;
Then, if to Kings I do not favour give
But cut them off, can you expect to live
Beyond the limits of your time and space?
No! I must send you to another place.'
(The last part of the music must be repeated
to fit the extra line)
L. 'Ye learned doctors, now exert your skill,
And let not Death on me obtain his will!
Prepare your cordials, let me comfort find,
My gold shall fly like chaff before the wind!'
D. 'Forbear to call! that skill will never do;
They are but mortals here as well as you.
I give the fatal wound, my dart is sure,
And far beyond the doctors' skill to cure.
Flow freely you can let your riches fly
To purchase life, rather than yield and die!
But,while you flourished here with all your store,
You would not give one penny to the poor.
Though in God's name they sue to you did make
You would not spare one penny for His sake.
My Lord beheld wherein you did amiss,
And calls you hence, to give account of this!'
L. 'Oh! heavy news! must I no longer stay?
How shall I stand at the great Judgement Day?'
Down from her eyes the crystal tears did flow,
She says, 'None knows what I now undergo!
Upon my bed of sorrow here I lie!
My selfish life makes me afraid to die!
My sins are great, and manifold,and foul;
Lord Jesus Christ have mercy on my soul!
Alas! I do deserve a righteous frown!
Yet pardon, Lord, and pour a blessing down!'
Then with a dying sigh her heart did break,
And did the pleasures of this world forsake.
Thus may we see the mighty rise and fall,
For cruel Death shews no respect at all
To those of either high or low degree.
The great submit to Death as well as we.
Though they are gay, their life is but a span,
A lump of clay, so vile a creature's Man!
Then happy they whom God hath made his care,
And die in God, and ever happy are!
The grave's the marketplace where all must meet
Both rich and poor, as well as small and great;
If life were merchandise, that gold could buy,
The rich would live -- only the poor would die.
The DAO is the latest Decentralized, Autonomous Organization to make major waves as they raised over $100 million worth of ETH tokens (12% of all ETH). The question remains, is it a good idea to invest in The DAO and have they learned anything from those who have gone before?
In this article I will talk about the experience gained from BitShares, not to promote BitShares as superior, but to highlight the hard lessons that can be learned from BitShares' failures and how they might apply to The DAO.
Background
Let me take a moment to share my credentials on the subject of DAOs. The first two words of DAO, Decentralized Autonomous, entered the crypto-currency lexicon after a discussion between my father and I back in 2013. I introduced the concept that a blockchain can be viewed as a DAC. It was because of these articles that Vitalik Buterin, one of the founders of The DAO, started exploring the concepts in a three part series .
The last word of DAC was changed from Company (or Corporation) to Organization in order to avoid unnecessary legal entanglements, but the concept remains the same.
Over the past three years I have worked with the BitShares community to implement the worlds first Decentralized Autonomous Organization based upon many of the same principles as The DAO. Money was raised, tokens were allocated, and token holders were given the ability to vote on how to spend community money and set blockchain parameters.
The latest incarnation of BitShares gave members joint control over a $6 million dollar reserve fund. Advanced consensus and voting systems were implemented to address voter apathy. Powers were divided. Participatory budgeting was adopted. The stakeholders have the ability to vote for hard forks that implement new features. BitShares even adopted fee-backed assets to help fund specific features. Every thing in the blockchain was parameterized and those parameters could be changed by elected committee members. BitShares has been and continues to be one of the most comprehensive examples of a self-governing DAC / DAO.
There is only one major technological difference between The DAO and BitShares, with The DAO, the blockchain smart contracts can change without all of the nodes having to upgrade. This difference is relatively trivial and ultimately irrelevant to the potential success or failure of The DAO. The reason this technical difference is irrelevant is because success and failure of a DAO/DAC depends not on the technology used, but entirely on how a community interacts with the technology and each other.
Smart Contracts cannot fix Dumb People
BitShares had all of the tools, the talent, and the money to do great things if only the BTS holders could agree on what should be done, who should be paid, and how much should be spent. So what lessons have we learned from BitShares' experiment and how is The DAO doing anything meaningfully different to address it?
Poor Voter Participation
One of the first things we learned from BitShares is that the vast majority (90%+) of stakeholders did not participate in voting. This is due to the fact that voting requires time, energy, and skills that most investors lack. How many people have the economic, technical, and entrepreneurial skills to vote responsibly?
In order to boost participation BitShares 2.0 introduced proxy voting which centralized decision making into about a dozen elected proxies. Even with proxy voting, most people ultimately chose their preferred proxy along party/philosophical lines rather than considering individual proposals.
The DAO currently requires a level of voter participation that is much higher than BitShares has ever seen for a worker proposal. Even with proxies the highest level of consensus stakeholders have achieved is just a tad over (20%). This means The DAO is expecting much higher levels of participation of voters without using proxies. Unless the majority of DAO stake is held in a few active hands, this will be very hard to achieve.
Perhaps even more interesting with The DAO, once you vote for something you are no longer allowed to split your ETH out and form a new DAO. This means that you have much to lose by voting and much to gain by not voting. With an initial quorum of 20% it will be very challenging to get enough agreement, especially with the downsides associated with actually voting.
Anti-Spending Movement
It didn't take long for the BitShares community to realize that funding projects today would cause a short-term fall in the value of BitShares. Unable to bear the short-term paper-loss and psychological impact of a lower market cap, people started electing proxies that would vote against all spending proposals.
With The DAO the same principles are at work. Every time a project is funded, the amount of ETH backing the DAO tokens falls and is replaced with speculative IOU from a contractor. What is worse, when the ETH is sold to fund the projects the value of all ETH falls. Since The DAO keeps its savings in ETH, the actual cost of funding a proposal includes any loss value caused by selling ETH.
Considering many of the investors in the DAO also hold ETH there is a conflict of interest in their voting preferences. Most individuals will see the short-term cost (loss of liquidity) of authorizing spending to be much higher than the long-term benefit. After all, authorizing a $1 million dollar project will cause the DAO to lose 1% of its capital today and would likely move the Etheruem price by more than 1% down as everyone attempts to front-run the sell pressure created by the project. In the long-run the project may add value to Etheruem and the DAO, but the long-run is often years away.
Smart speculators know they can make the most money by not tying up their capital during the no-growth phase. They will sell today and buy back in closer to the completion the project.
Not everyone will agree with the value an approved project will bring to The DAO. So while those who vote to approve it see $1 million dollars being invested to create $10 million of value, many more will see that $1 million dollars being wasted with no chance of return. Who is right? Well odds are in favor of it being wasted as 9 in 10 startups fail.
Fortunately The DAO allows non-voters to split and reclaim their ETH by splitting their funds out.
Death by 1000 Splits
The DAO has tentatively raised $100 million dollars worth of ETH, but so far the investors have taken no real risk. Every single person who has purchased DAO tokens has the ability to reclaim their ETH so long as they never vote. The end result is a massive marketing campaign that totally misrepresents what has been invested and what hasn't. Considering there is no real risk being taken beyond the risk of holding ETH and that there is the potential for a large gain it is no wonder so many people have participated.
So what happens next? Everyone seeking a zero risk return will abstain from voting. If greater than 80% fall in this category, then nothing will pass. There is a very real possibility that this will happen.
Will there be any proposals in the first place? To prevent proposal spam all new proposals must make a deposit that gets forfeited if a quorum (20%) is not reached. In this case there will be no proposals unless the proposers are already certain they will win. To be certain will require conducting non-binding polls outside The DAO. What happens if people vote in non-binding polls but then refuse to vote for the actual proposal? Free profits for The DAO when the deposit fee is forfeited. This may or may not be an issue depending upon whether the required deposit is small enough to risk losing. Anything less than $100 is probably OK.
Once the first project gets approved a new moral hazard is created. Lets assume it is approved with the minimum 20%. The DAO will receive reward shares in the funded project and those shares will be divided equally among all participants. The non-voters will get the rewards and can then split their funds. The voters on the other hand will be unable to split. They take 100% of the risk and only get 20% of the reward, where as the non-voters get 80% of the reward and minimal risk.
The DAO is complicated and I admit that I am not sure I fully understand how, when, and where ETH can be split relative to payouts and rewards. It may well be that non-voters end up funding 80% of the proposal and can only reclaim a fraction of their original investment after the proposal is funded.
Regardless of which way it is actually implemented, there are more benefits to be gained by not-voting and splitting your ETH out of The DAO than by voting and keeping your ETH in The DAO. Liquidity is valuable.
Ignore the Technology
Fancy technology can obscure our assessment of what is really going on. The DAO solves a single problem: the corrupt trustee or administrator. It replaces voluntary compliance with a corporation's charter under threat of lawsuit, with automated compliance with software defined rules. This subtle change may be enough to bypass regulatory hurdles facing traditional trustee's and administrators, but it doesn't solve most of the problems the regulations were attempting to address.
What The DAO doesn't solve is all of the other problems inherent with any joint venture. These are people problems, economic problems, and political problems. In some sense, The DAO creates many new problems caused by its ridged rules and expensive machine-enforced process for change.
The DAO doesn't solve the “group trap” where by losers subsidize winners. It disempowers the individual actor and forces him to submit to group decision making. It doesn't make raising money cheaper for companies, it just adds blockchain-enforced bureaucratic and political processes.
Ask yourself if you would still invest in The DAO if its rules were written into the charter of a traditional VC firm. Ask yourself it is would not be simpler to keep your ETH and simply vote with your investment dollars for individual blockchain IPO's where the IPO rules are enforced by the blockchain. Now ask yourself, what value is The DAO providing to your capital in exchange for all of the added restrictions it places on your capital.
A traditional VC firm is run by experts who study potential investments in depth and get paid proportional to their success. People give money to a VC firm because they trust the management of the firm and accept reduced profits because the VC firm is adding value. The DAO is just a committee of non-professional voters who have relatively little ability to do proper due diligence.
Conclusion
My opinion is that The DAO will be DOA (Dead on Arrival). The theory of jointly deciding to fund efforts will face the reality of individual self interest, politics, and economics. There will be rapid defecting (splitting) as people realize there is little to be gained by banding together under the structure of The DAO and much to be lost.
It might not happen at first, but over time the Etheruem community will learn the hard way what the BitShares community has already discovered. Creating social systems to jointly fund development of projects and investments is challenging. Ultimately, technology can only aid in communication, it cannot fix the fundamental incompatibilities between individual self interest and community decision making.
State Sen. John Astle has officially filed to run for mayor of Annapolis.
The Democrat turned in his paperwork Thursday, just three days after the end of the General Assembly session, according to his campaign. The announcement confirms his intention to jump into the mayoral race, which he discussed with The Capital in January.
This will be his second try for the job — in 1981, he lost a bid for mayor by 243 votes. The 2017 general election is Nov. 7.
In a statement released by his campaign, Astle said he's running for mayor "to bring new leadership to our town — leadership that is inclusive of its citizens and gets results for our residents and businesses."
He cited addressing infrastructure needs, business relations and development, as well as working to improve local schools, as campaign priorities.
Astle criticized Mayor Michael Pantelides, a Republican, for "continued attacks on members of Annapolis City Council" and leading a city government with a "revolving door" of staff.
"Our city is drifting and we deserve better and stronger leadership," he said.
Astle, 74, said in a phone interview that his experience in the General Assembly would help him to get city administration "functioning smoothly."
"I live here in the community and I'm not moving," said Astle, a city resident for more than 45 years. "I'd like to use my experience not only in government but in managing people and make it work."
The veteran legislator has represented Annapolis in the Senate since 1995, and before that was a state delegate for a decade. If he were to win the mayoral race, he would have to resign his Senate seat — but if he loses, he could run for re-election to the General Assembly in 2018.
Astle said he would hold off on making a decision about his future in the legislature until after the city elections.
"I'm going to wait and see what's happening; if I don't win then I've got another year in the Senate," he said.
But the hunting trophies he previously displayed on his Senate office walls — stuffed game that includes the heads of a zebra, Corsican ram and whitetail deer — have now moved to "the mountain," his home in Garrett County.
"I'm going to reduce the load a little bit," he said. "If the time comes that I do have to empty (the office), I've got a headstart on it."
With the announcement, Astle officially joins what so far is a four-way race. Pantelides has launched his re-election campaign, and will face a primary challenger in Republican Nevin Young, an attorney.
Astle will compete against Democratic candidate Gavin Buckley, a local businessman who co-owns restaurants on West Street, Tsunami, Metropolitan and Lemongrass.
Buckley and Young have already filed as mayoral candidates; Pantelides has not. The filing deadline is July 31.
IT'S the nation's obesity capital.
One in four people in the sugar-growing region of Bundaberg is seriously overweight - the most of any local government area in Australia.
New research from Adelaide University's Public Health Information Development Unit has pinpointed the country's most healthy regions - as well as those blackspots of big eaters, binge drinkers, and chain smokers.
Overall, Queensland fares badly compared to the rest of the nation.
Apart from expanding waistlines in Bundaberg, the mining town of Mount Isa has the dubious honour of having one of the nation's highest rates of smoking, and holiday destinations in the Whitsundays have Queensland's highest excessive drinking rates.
Nationally, the slimmest local government area is the City of Melbourne.
The area with the least overweight or obese residents in Queensland - Brisbane - lags behind, with almost one in 10 extra people falling into the "flabby" category in Brisbane than in Melbourne.
Auburn in Sydney, which boasts a large Muslim population, is the area with the lowest rate of excessive drinking in the country, while Ku-ring-gai in NSW has the fewest smokers.
The mining hub of Geraldton in Western Australia has the highest rate of excessive drinking, while Broome has the nation's highest smoking rate.
Our healthiest areas were the Darling Downs and outlying regions and Brisbane central.
The Crows Nest region is home to healthy teetotallers, recording the lowest rates of smoking and drinking.
The nearby Bungil area, which includes Roma, has most people in a healthy weight range.
Australian Medical Association of Queensland president Dr Alex Markwell said Queensland Health data also supported evidence an "alarming" number of Queenslanders were clinically overweight or obese, with the number growing by 1 per cent a year.
She said being overweight could significantly raise the risk of serious health issues, such as heart disease, stroke and diabetes.
Heart Foundation Queensland CEO Cameron Prout said local councils played a major role in making their communities healthier through town planning. Health campaigns alone would not solve the problem, he said.
Better footpaths to promote exercise and careful planning of where food outlets set up were two examples.
"We know that in communities where there is a high number of people living in socio-economic disadvantage there is also a higher proportion of unhealthy food choices in their communities," Mr Prout said.
"Local governments can do a lot around supporting healthier local food supply.
"Things like how they plan the location of fast food outlets and what signage regulations they have."
Mr Prout said smoking rates were more difficult to target as no single policy was going to have a dramatic effect on its own.
The Heart Foundation's clinical director Dr Rob Grenfell said introducing smoke-free and alcohol-free zones were other examples of how councils could promote the right messages.
"Poor physical activity is the number four cause of ill health and death, and local councils have the power to promote physical activity by planning open spaces, sports areas, walking spaces, housing density and traffic corridors," Dr Grenfell said.
He said the foundation was encouraging councils to educate small takeaway food outlets to replace high saturated fat palm oils in their fryers with healthier canola oil, and also running Heartmoves physical activity programs to get people exercising.
Chris Picketts, chief executive of Kimberley Pilbara Medicare Local, highlighted the difficulties in fixing the problem of smoking rates in his region by revealing that three in five indigenous women smoked through pregnancy.
He said fly-in fly-out miners who engaged in binge drinking bouts when they came off their six-week or four-week shifts were also exacerbating an alcohol problem.
- reporting by Lisa Cornish, Sue Dunlevy and Kelmeny Fraser
For the sake of convenience, let's call this a book review of David Foster Wallace's posthumous unfinished novel, The Pale King. Wallace didn't die a nice, easy-to-get death like cancer or plowed over by someone asleep at the wheel of a defunct school bus. He hanged himself after a protracted battle with depression. People go to books to learn things, and the thing they go to novels to learn is how to be in the world. So the natural question is what should or can we learn from a guy that ended up hanging himself? This is the existential question suicide lends to the work of a person's life. It's the first question, and no others can come before it.
First off: despite what we think about big hearted and deep souled writers, great writing doesn't make a great person. A great writer is just someone who's worked out a really good method for figuring out what word comes next. Nothing else in their life has to work. Second, yes, I believe there is a lot to learn about how to be in the world in the works of David Foster Wallace, including his posthumous unfinished novel, even if it wasn't enough to stop him from dying.
In the summer of 2000 I went down alone to my garage. I slid a beer fridge out to the center, underneath bare rafters. I took a length of rope and got up on the fridge, and standing on my tip toes tied it to a rafter. I tied a knot in the other end at the level of my neck. I stood on the fridge holding the loop about a foot from my face.
I can't quite fit in words what was running through my mind or what I was feeling, although I remember it well. Certainly a terrible disappointment, one that suffused not just me but seemed to spread out through the cosmos. I was sad, but I was also angry. If I'd failed (and I had) it was just as true that existence had failed me. I had judged the world and found it wanting. And on top of that, there was the unending pain, of walking through my days feeling as if meathooks rose from the ground with every step and tried to pull me into the earth. Major depression is like that, and major depression had me atop the beer fridge.
I thought of the people in my life, my work, my history, the functioning of my body. I was working up my courage.0 Whoever says this is an act of cowardice either never tried or doesn't remember that part. The next two movements were obvious and fluid: put it around my neck, and step off the fridge. It would hurt a little more, then not at all.
My mind was running through so much that I stood there transfixed for I don't know how long, makeshift noose in my hands at 9 and 3 o'clock. I was taking my time searching for the quiet place where I could act to stop the hurting. No one had any reason to come looking for me. It happened that someone did, and caught me before I could take that step.
In the time since I've done many things. I've had a child since then, changed my career, gotten married, gotten divorced, eaten, traveled, defecated, fucked, cried, slept, danced, and read The Pale King, all instead of decomposing.
The Pale King takes place at an IRS processing center in Peoria, IL during the 1980s. It covers the lives of the IRS employees working there, how they got there, and what their lives as tax agents are like1. The name is, fairly obviously, a reference to death. The book (The Pale King) is about death and taxes, yes. But that all served to talk about boredom and attention, and what it means to pay attention. We who love David Foster Wallace's work must admit to the world up front that The Pale King is not a good place for the untroubled lover of literature to start. The Pale King is a book you read because you already know and love DFW's work, or because you need to read it.2 If you want to start with a novel, you start with the >1000 page Infinite Jest, which is both a wonderful book and excellent trebuchet ammunition.3 This one weighing in at a paltry 500 pages was pieced together by his editor at Little Brown, Michael Pietsch, since his death in 2008.
This book is his (Wallace's) most grotesque, and this is a guy that really goes for the grotesque. He doesn't settle for mere physical and behavioral grotesque, but economic and policy grotesque piled on top. Nearly every page is unsettling in some new direction. It's pornographically rich in description. This is why it was never actually boring for me, I could sink into the images, spiral down into the specific details and feel the feelings they were supposed to evoke in a dreamy, hazy state.4
There is a character name David Wallace, who narrates. He opens with "I, the living author..." a few times. That hurt, and then I realized it was true. David Wallace the character, by fiat of postmodernism, didn't have to die with David Foster Wallace, the guy who taught at Pomona College in Claremont, CA.
The explorations of boredom and the grotesque must have been informed by his time in AA. I know this because of my two decades+ in AA's sisters program, Al-Anon5, for the families and friends of alcoholics and addicts. I have sipped bad coffee in uncountable basements of churches and rec centers in my life, listening to the same insipid, and yes, often boring, ritual words intoned week after week. After that, I've heard so many stories of wrecked lives that you could write characters for 50 DFW novels out of them, each page more shocking than the last. I go because I have to in order to stay alive. Every time I stop going, I end up crawling back barely hanging on and dragging the smoking remains of my life with me.
Years ago, before he (Wallace) died, a friend read a passage from Infinite Jest to me. I looked at my friend and said "That man is an alcoholic in recovery." My friend said no, he did a lot of research and he's just a great writer, but I would not be shaken. I knew him in this one small way; there is a certain kind of pain that is our shibboleth. When I read Infinite Jest myself I was rocked by it, and it helped me not feel so alone. At the same time, I understood why so many people I knew wanted to burn it and stomp on the ashes. It was messy and difficult, and it never tried to be easy enough to be clean. The ending had a few of my friends ready to stop speaking to me.6
Like Infinite Jest, DFW left things messy in Pale King. It's frustrating. Nothing was neatly tied up, he left too much for us to do ourselves. Nothing is whole, and catharsis isn't delivered to you, you have to go in and grab it and tear it out of the text. Maybe people have a right to be angry about his suicide, the pieces of The Pale King and even the fragmented end of Infinite Jest, I don't know. I probably don't. I know why people are angry, I know they are betrayed. Maybe he just ran out of the thread that wraps up packages, and left his gift to us in an exhausted heap on the floor.
At the end of Infinite Jest I fell silent. It seemed to drop with a thud into my unconscious, and leave me with a story about how people learned to care. The Pale King has made me talkative. It seems to be about enlightenment, about the heroism of meticulous attention. It reminds me of someone who said to me once, you don't work for the light, you work, and find out one day the light's been shining on you for a while.7
Like Wallace I am a science nerd and writer. Like him, I have struggled with depression my whole life. Like him, few of the drugs ever seemed to help. Like him, I have tried a hell of a lot of things. Like him, I have been in the program for many years. Really, the big life story difference between Wallace and I, and it's a difference I am keenly aware of, is that someone happened to walk in.
People keep asking me if somehow DFW's suicide invalidates the message his writing, if it casts doubt on all his life's work. I can't say no strongly enough. No no no, it doesn't. And I say this in part out of my own need to survive. Had someone not walked in and seen me certainly my life would have still been more than a prelude to that arbitrary moment. If someday my disease takes me, it takes me, but it can't take away a single precious moment I have fought it off, a single moment I have shared with you, or a single moment he shared with us. Please forgive us our trips to the rafters, and don't reduce us to that moment.
"It's all inside me, but to you it's just words." —from The Pale King
. Selfish, yes. Maybe the most selfish thing, but it's not cowardly. Dying is scary as fuck.
. I'd like to think that had he lived, Wallace would have thrown a fit about the inaccuracy of releasing the book on April 15th in a year when Tax Day actually fell on April 18th.
. I have one of the syndromes/symptoms associated with Examinations postings in excess of 36 months, according to author David Wallace, an illness of the type with grotesque tics DFW liked to afflict his characters with: Spasmodic Torticollis. It's a nerve disorder in which some nerves fire off muscles for no good reason. My case is mild, but still painful. I don't visibly twitch, my muscles are just sore and mysteriously hypertrophied. According to my doctor's notes, my chin deviates slightly to the left. It doesn't make me a visual horror or uncomfortable to be in a room with; you'd never know I had it if you met me. But it does make it impossible for me to read a hefty book like The Pale King without becoming sore and falling into terrible illiteracy-inducing headaches. So a friend read The Pale King to me. It was my reading friend who found a reference to Spasmodic Torticollis, and cheerfully announced that I had one of DFW's diseases. I said no, upset and confused and a little grossed out. We went back and forth looking at Wikipedia and The Mayo Clinic websites, and my medical history. My doctor's notes said Cervical Dystonia in addition to the chin thing, which turns out to be Spasmodic Torticollis by another name.
I surrendered into the sullen silence of the recently proved wrong and possibly insufficiently grateful and let my friend continue to read to me.
The Pale King kept putting me to sleep. Mostly in the long, luridly beautiful passages of description where nothing much happened, except possibly in the past, in the childhood of the characters. I would drift away with the words interwoven into a decohered dream, just coming out the fog of the transitions between worlds, and occasionally my friend would elbow me or slap me behind the head a bit, and I'd declare a little too loud, "I'm awake!" Eventually I developed painful rituals of moving around and uncomfortable positions to stay awake, and I listened even when I didn't want to. I concentrated as best I could, and tried to snap back my concentration when it wandered. Sometimes I dug my fingernails into my palm, or pitched one hand with the other to keep my attention from wondering. It felt right to do that.
I never fell asleep out of boredom, or at least not out of boredom as I think of it. I think of boredom as annoying as an itchy sweater. Wallace sees it differently, as a state of torture, as a state of spiritual threat, as a state of grace, bliss, and enlightenment.
. But, if you're like most people, you'll probably want to start with A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again.
. See footnote two again about the whole accidentally sleeping thing.
. Now you know why this is published anonymously.
. Spoilers. Seriously, badass spoilers.
Nothing is certain at the end of Infinite Jest, nothing is wrapped up. Pemulis is heading for a bottom. Gately might die, might not. Joelle is starting the hard work of living, and it looks hopeful, but she barely has any sober time. She and Gately might get together. Gately might sponsor Hal. JOI is still struggling to find peace, even death hasn't saved him. Hal is still isolated, but at least he's in there now, and finally, he cares. O.N.A.N. may end after YG, Orin may have survived, and the Entertainment may be threatening the world. John Wayne may be dead or run away with AFR. But now we know all of that plot stuff wasn't really the point. These stories will keep telling themselves over and over again fiercely, unceasingly, and will always end in death. DFW is too good a story teller to keep that from us. The end is not the point. The fulfillment of wrapping everything up neatly will be empty. Make it up. Whatever. The end is just an arbitrary point where we stop telling this one story.
Like its author, it is huge, messy, incomplete, and made of stardust. It is made of the stuff that gives life vitality and takes it away in awful silence. My final thought on Infinite Jest was another one of those insipid and annoyingly true slogans of the program:
Take what you like and leave the rest.
. It's probably fair to say there's an element of writerly fantasy to the whole thing (By which I mean The Pale King). We writer types constantly battle to stay on topic, being to the last of us undisciplined slobs of some stripe who are also obsessed with what everyone else is thinking all the time. The elevation of someone that can sit still and do something that looks a lot like what we're supposed to be doing most of the time while we're playing with pets, picking our noses, or trying to figure out what everyone thinks about our writing-- all instead of writing; that's pretty easy for writers to fetishize.
Iwao Takamoto (April 29, 1925 – January 8, 2007) was an American animator, television producer, and film director. He began his career as a production and character designer for Walt Disney Productions films such as Cinderella (1950), Lady and the Tramp (1955), and Sleeping Beauty (1959). Later, he moved to Hanna-Barbera Productions, where he designed a great majority of the characters, including Scooby-Doo and Astro, and eventually became a director and producer.
Early life and career [ edit ]
Takamoto was born in Los Angeles, California. His father emigrated from Hiroshima[1] to the United States for his health, and returned to Japan only once, to marry his wife. At 15 years of age, Takamoto graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School[1] in Los Angeles.
After the bombing of Pearl Harbor, Takamoto's family, like many Japanese Americans, was forced to move to an internment camp. They spent the rest of World War II in the Manzanar internment camp. It was there that Takamoto received basic illustration training from two co-internees.
Takamoto first entered the cartoon world after the end of the war. Without the benefit of a formal portfolio of his work, he created a sketchbook of, by his own admission, "everything I saw".[2] It was based on this sketchbook that he applied to work at the Disney studios.
He was hired as an assistant animator by Walt Disney Studios in 1945. Takamoto eventually became an assistant to Milt Kahl. He worked as an animator and character designer on such titles as Cinderella (1950), Peter Pan (1953), Lady and the Tramp (1955), Sleeping Beauty (1959), and One Hundred and One Dalmatians (1961).
Takamoto left Disney in 1961 and joined Hanna-Barbera Productions.[1] He worked in several positions there, but is arguably best known as a character designer. He was responsible for the original character design of such characters as Scooby-Doo, The Jetsons' dog Astro, and Penelope Pitstop. He worked as a producer at Hanna-Barbera, supervising shows such as The Addams Family, Hong Kong Phooey, and Jabberjaw. He directed several feature length animated films, including Charlotte's Web (1973) and Jetsons: The Movie (1990). The inspiration for Scooby-Doo's creation as a Great Dane came from an employee of the Hanna-Barbera company, who bred this dog.[2]
Takamoto was Vice-President of Creative Design at Hanna-Barbera[1] and was responsible for overseeing Hanna-Barbera's many merchandising lines as well as design work for their Animation Art Dept. In 1996, he received the Winsor McCay Award for lifetime achievement and contributions in the animation field. In 2005 he received the Golden Award from the Animation Guild, to honor his more than 50 years of service in the animation field.
After Time-Warner merged with (then owner of Hanna-Barbera Studios) Turner Broadcasting in 1996, Takamoto became Vice President of Special Projects for Warner Brothers Animation.[2]
Personal life [ edit ]
Iwao Takamoto married Jane M. (née Shattuck) Baer in 1957. They met at Disney while working on the animated feature Sleeping Beauty (1959). They had one son together, Michael. In 1963, he met Barbara Farber, who was the assistant to the public relations director at Hanna-Barbera, Arnie Carr. Part of her job was studio tours, which was how she and Takamoto met. Takamoto married Barbara in 1964 and remained married to her for 44 years, until his death in 2007. Barbara had a daughter from a former marriage, Leslie.[2]
Death [ edit ]
Takamoto died on January 8, 2007, at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles from a heart attack at the age of 81. Throughout the week following his death, Adult Swim put up a bumper reading "Iwao Takamoto [1925-2007]". He is buried at Mount Sinai Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles in Gardens of Blessing, Section 3, Lot 1390, Space 3.[3][4] There was a memorial added to the end of the Scooby-Doo film Chill Out, Scooby-Doo!.
Awards and legacy [ edit ]
Takamoto received the Winsor McCay Award, the lifetime achievement award from the International Animated Film Association (ASIFA) Hollywood.[1] He received an honorary citation from the Japanese American National Museum.[1] In 2005, he was given a golden award from the Animation Guild.[1]
Takamoto's memoirs were published posthumously in 2009 by University Press of Mississippi as Iwao Takamoto: My Life with a Thousand Characters by Iwao Takamoto and Michael Mallory. An intimate memoir, Living With A Legend, was published posthumously in 2012 by TotalRecall Press by his stepdaughter, Leslie E. Stern.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A significant change in the way the government-funded Voice of America is run could empower the Trump administration to use the media outlet as it's unofficial propaganda machine, Politico first reported.
The change–which abolished the Broadcasting Board of Governors, the independent federal agency that oversees VOA, Radio Free Europe and Radio Free Asia–was slipped into the 1,404th page of the National Defense Authorization Act mostly unnoticed last week. The bill already passed. It replaces the bipartisan Broadcasting Board of Governors with a single CEO appointed by the President and subject to Senate confirmation.
“Congress unwittingly just gave President-elect Trump unchecked control of all U.S. media outlets,” said Michael Kempner, a Democratic member of the board told Politico. “No president, either Democrat or Republican, should have that kind of control. It's a public jewel. It's independence is what makes it so credible.”
Voice of America based its legitimacy on the principle that it was run by a bipartisan board– essentially keeping it removed from the partisan political preferences of particular administrations. The organization's mission was to report the news with “accuracy, balance, comprehensiveness, and objectivity,” Politico reported.
Now, Politico points out “Trump is finally getting his Trump TV – financed by taxpayers to the tune of $800 million per year.”
While Politico noted that it was unclear if the Trump administration is aware of the change, Trump's past ventures in reality TV, beauty pageants and his general obsession with coverage is deeply troublesome for those who work at the network, which was created in the 1940s to act as a counter to German and Japanese propaganda.
“There's some fear among the folks here, that the firewall will get diminished and attacked and this could fall victim to propaganda,” one Republican official said, according to Politico. “They will hire the person they want, the current CEO does not stand a chance. This will pop up on Steve Bannon's radar quickly. They are going to put a friendly person in that job.”
According to Politico, the change was pushed by House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce (R-CA) (pictured).
A spokesman for the committee said that this was not done for Trump.
“This isn't about the president-elect. This is just the latest attempt to fight reforms that installation basic standards of accountability at the BBG,” the spokesman Cory Fritz told Politico.
The bill is awaiting President Barack Obama's signature.
The number of vacancies for physicians in B.C. is believed to have reached a historical high, with nearly 700 positions listed by Health Match B.C., the provincial agency that recruits health professionals from around the world.
And if last year's recruitment is any indication, only about a third of the doctors will be found. Last year, it filled 234 vacancies — 192 on a permanent basis and 42 locum (temporary) positions. Of the 667 postings listed now (the number fluctuates on a daily basis), 447 are in family medicine.
Data provided by the Ministry of Health shows constantly escalating vacancies for the past four years, particularly for general practitioners.
This comes as no surprise to West End resident Susan Stewart, who has been using walk-in clinics for the past six years since her doctor retired.
“Every time I ask for a referral, I'm referred to the websites,” said Stewart, 41, who is forced to wait in line to see a doctor each time at her local Care Point Medical Centre on Davie. “And after doing some research on the doctors I find there, I call the offices to ask about availability and I'm told that some of the doctors on the list aren't taking patients.”
At the clinics, Stewart added, she sees a host of different doctors but doesn't “get that familiarity that you get from a regular family doctor. For some things it's a concern because you like to have a doctor-patient relationship with someone who knows your history instead of having to repeat it every single time to a new doctor.”
John Mabbott, executive director of Health Match B.C., acknowledges the list of vacancies is significant. According to the latest (2015) report from the Canadian Institute for Health Information, there were a total of 10,692 doctors in B.C. in 2014. The College of Physicians and Surgeons of B.C. says there were 11,574 doctors in B.C. as of February 2015.
Both Mabbott and Sarah Plank, communications director for the ministry of health, attributed the vacancies in community clinics and hospitals to an aging population that is creating more demand for medical services as well as the fact that younger doctors are working fewer hours as they seek more work-life balance than generations of doctors before them.
“Younger doctors are not working 70-hour work weeks,” Mabbott said, adding that female doctors — a growing proportion of the medical profession — also tend to take more time off because of family commitments. Such furloughs create more need for locums.
Plank said that in the first quarter of 2016, Health Match filled 80 physician vacancies (60 permanent and 20 locum positions). Eighty is the highest number of jobs filled in a quarter in four years, she noted.
Dr. Alan Ruddiman, president of Doctors of B.C., said B.C. is now facing “the perfect storm” with an aging medical workforce (average age 54) and an aging population needing doctors more than ever.
“When I first came to Oliver to practice family medicine 20 years ago, I took over a practice in which the average patient was 63 years old. Now it is 76,” he said. “Patients living longer have more complex conditions and this is putting more demands on doctors.”
He said doctors have been pressuring health authorities for years to come up with physician supply plans. “Otherwise, it's a crapshoot trying to predict where we need doctors and how many.”
The health ministry is finally preparing such a plan, he noted.
Foreign-trained medical graduates, including the 100 or so B.C. residents who each year graduate from medical schools outside Canada, could help fill vacancies. According to the College of Physicians and Surgeons of B.C., about 200 foreign (international medical graduates) doctors are deemed eligible for registration and licensure if they meet certain criteria. But that doesn't mean they will all get jobs.
Ruddiman said one of his goals as president is to “chip away” at how to increase the numbers of jobs for Canadian medical graduates who train overseas and want to come back here to work.
“It's like turning a big tanker around,” he said, referring to the fact that Canadians have to compete against non-Canadians who also trained overseas and there are only so many postgraduate residency spots. They are also required to prove their education was similar and at least equal to the education they would have gained in Canada.
For many British Columbians, the first step in the hunt for a family doctor is the College of Physicians and Surgeons' Find a Physician online search tool.
A few quick queries reveal that rural residents aren't the only ones having trouble finding GPs. In Kamloops, the province's eighth-largest city, not one of its 118 practising family doctors is accepting new patients. The situation is the same in Victoria, Abbotsford, Nanaimo and Kelowna.
For those desperate for a family doctor, it means possibly long waits at walk-in clinics. Stewart says her wait time “can be anywhere from one to three hours depending on the time of day.”
Ameez Allidina, who also visited the Care Point clinic Wednesday, said he hasn't bothered looking for a family doctor because people he works with have told him it's virtually impossible.
“The last time I had a doctor was seven or eight years ago (after a move from Ladner). It's disheartening,” said the 37-year-old. “The lineups (at the clinic) are pretty long in general.”
Mary Powell, a 66-year-old West End resident, said she times her visit to the walk-in clinic so she can continue to see the same doctor. She said she phones ahead and asks the receptionist when her doctor is in, and heads down to the clinic to see him.
“You pick a window when he's there. I've done this for three weeks and it's worked out well,” she said.
Powell said her waits can be between one to three hours.
pfayerman@postmedia.com
bmorton@postmedia.com
(CNN) She may be nearing 101 years old, but Mieko Nagaoka isn't slowing down -- at least in the pool.
This weekend saw her add to an impressive career, becoming the first person over 100 to complete a 1,500-meter swim in a 25-meter pool.
Nagaoka, the only competitor for the race in the women's 100- to 104-year age bracket, completed the swim -- which she did backstroke -- 1 hour, 15 minutes and 54 seconds, setting a world record in the process.
The feat was achieved at a Japan Masters Swimming Association event in Matsuyama, Ehime prefecture. Her official time is expected to be sent to the Guinness Book of World Records for ratification.
The centenarian, who only took up swimming in her eighties while undergoing aquatherapy for a knee problem, has ratcheted a slew of records in her 20 years in the sport, with Saturday's achievement going alongside age class records for everything from the 100m, 200m and 800m freestyle, alongside the 50m, 100m and 200m backstroke.
Read More
December 2nd, 2014. 8:06 am. I am walking north from the Plaza Venezuela subway station toward La Florida. I cross Libertador Avenue. The blind man is there, as always.
A couple of weeks before, I witnessed how a National Guard unit blocked traffic in this same intersection to allow two black luxury SUVs with tinted glass to go by without suffering the dread of traffic. Some chavista, I thought. I remember I felt angry. I gave them the finger. I felt embarrassed, indignant even, at my gesture, at their gall. It was all visceral. Chavismo aspires for nothing but a utilitarian society – one where ‘their' utility is maximized.
Back to December 2nd. I am walking, immersed in my thoughts.
“…me your cellphone”
I leave my thoughts and come back to reality.
“Give me your cellphone!” asks a young man in his twenties, wearing a sports jacket.
I still don't understand
“Give me your cellphone or I'll kill you right here!!”
The young man holds a gun, and it's pointed at me. I finally get it. I am being robbed. I hand him my phone, and he leaves. He was walking calmly. I didn't say a word.
January 4th, 2015. 8:30 am. I am walking on La Castellana's Main Avenue, between the roundabout and Francisco de Miranda Avenue, right across the street from El Budare.
“Do you see that man behind you?” asks a guy in his thirties. He is wearing a hoodie. Behind him is another guy. I don't understand.
“Well, he has a gun,” he continues while pointing a knife at me.
“Hand me your cellphone, watch and money.” I do as instructed. They leave.
I walk to El Budare. There is a cop having breakfast. I tell him. He calls another one. I repeat the story. It is too late now. They got away. I get home. We tracked the phone. They are in Libertador now. I call the police – there is nothing we (the Chacao police) can do. The Chacao officers say that the burglars probably belong to a gang from the Tuy valley, that they have been apprehended and released several times. It is frustrating to them too.
The guy selling me the new phone had his stories. He was robbed twice in 2014 – April and October. Everyone in his department had been robbed. I look around and I see about 30 people. He tells me that a coworker was shot in the subway. Some guy was trying to rob another one who refused to be robbed, and he started to shoot. His friend was caught in the crossfire. Fortunately, he said, it was shot in the forearm.
Venezuelan society seems to be divided into overlapping spheres. In one, the state exists. This sphere is populated by government hotshots, the PSUV, bureaucrats, businessmen. Common folk interact with it, but they don't belong to it. There is some notion of order – some level of rank. There is a diminishing notion of modernity in it. Currency is the currency.
There is another sphere. This one is populated by common folks – working class fellows, shop owners, writers, artists. Good, honest people that get up everyday, manage a poorly dealt hand, and come back home with a meager pay. There is some sense of order here too, of social contract.
The last sphere is a hobbesian sphere. It is a sphere where the barbarians inhabit. It is the war of all against all in that sphere.
Sphere one has placed every resource in its arsenal to not deal with that war. Armored vehicles, bodyguards, the whole deal.
The sphere of the commons don't have the resources to shield themselves.
And here we are – sometimes collateral damage, or sometimes simply pillaged by the barbarians fighting their war of all against all.
The funny thing is that this Hobbesian nightmare is the state of nature. It is the absolute freedom state. According to Moreno, barbarians get a rush from this feeling of absolute freedom.
One must wonder then. When opposition figure heads call for freedom, when the protesters call for freedom, is it really the right call?
It seems to me that the right call is for justice.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
Like this: Like Loading...
SANTA CRUZ >> For 30 years, UC Santa Cruz professor and vaccine developer Phil Berman has been chasing a moving target — the insidious, ever-changing HIV virus — and now, finally, he thinks he has it cornered.
Berman's lab has developed an experimental vaccine he believes will guard against HIV and AIDS. The model is expected to go to clinical trial within three years.
When Berman was a Genentech scientist in the 1990s, he invented the world's first vaccine to show any success against HIV. When it was tested with another vaccine in a 2003 to 2009 large-scale trial involving 16,000 people in Thailand, the vaccine combination proved a 31 percent success rate.
But that's not high enough for regulatory approval, which requires a 60 percent rate, said Berman, and this new model, drawn from his previous work, will prove stronger.
Berman's approach, like most other vaccines, is to create a decoy by mimicking a protein on the virus's surface. When this protein is injected into the bloodstream, it spurs the patient's immune system to create antibodies that recognize and kill it.
Now if the HIV virus were introduced, the patient's immune system is primed and ready to kill.
The key to his new model, said Berman, is new sugar molecules on the vaccine's surface. Some of the most potent antibodies are ones that bind to these sugars, which previous models were missing, he said.
“It's a huge technical challenge to be able to make small fragments that fold up in the right way and incorporate the right kind of carbohydrates, or sugar molecules, in a way that can be manufactured on a large scale,” Berman said.
Creating a successful vaccine is like starting with a model of the Wright Brothers' propeller plane and redesigning it until you have a space shuttle, he said.
“I think that's it. You have to start with something simple and then you can make improvements over time,” said Berman. “And then you have to take the concept out of the hangar and see if it will fly.”
Berman said he's proud that an early model of this vaccine was the first to be sent to large-scale clinical trial to test against HIV, from 1998 to 2003, with 7,500 people in North America and Thailand.
“At the time, people thought it was impossible to do HIV vaccine trials,” he said.
Most thought patients would be too difficult to recruit and retain, immunizations too numerous and ethical, informed consent too challenging.
“All those fears turned out to be unfounded,” Berman said. “Even though those vaccines failed, that trial threw the door open for other vaccine trials.”
The HIV virus is uniquely sinister — as it replicates inside the host, the copies always contain mistakes, called mutations.
“In the course of infection, someone has literally billions of copies of this virus. And one of the things that's so insidious about HIV is that these copies that have a mistake become immortalized in your DNA,” he said.
HIV creates a library of mutated copies, forever stored in the infected person's DNA. When the immune system is weakened, the virus activates copies that evade antibodies, Berman said.
“So there's this race between your immune system, represented by your antibody response, and the virus,” Berman said. “The virus is always changing and your immune system is trying to keep up. The kind of vaccine we're making is to prevent infection all together, so that the virus never establishes this big library of variants. We're trying to create complete protection so that the virus never gets a foothold.”
Until today, all we've really known about Bad Boys 3 is that the original Bad Boys, Martin Lawrence and Will Smith, are expected to return and that Joe Carnahan will direct. There's also a lingering doubt as to whether or not the film will even happen.
But now we know so much more thanks to this tweet from Exhibitor Relations:
Sony's BAD BOYS 3 is now titled BAD BOYS FOR LIFE--and will NOT be released next summer, instead drops January 12, 2018. — Exhibitor Relations (@ERCboxoffice) August 11, 2016
Yep! From now unto the end of time (even if they change their minds later, I'm not changing mine) the film will be known as Bad Boys For Life (for some reason, I originally read it as Bad Boys Forever which is plenty silly, but still not as great as Bad Boys For Life). This means there is a limit to how long they are bad boys. As old men who can't make it to the toilet, Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett will still be BAD BOYS. But after they die, whether they go to Hell or Heaven, their contract to be BAD BOYS will be up. Only then can they finally be REGULAR BOYS.
We also learn from this tweet that the film's release date has been changed significantly. Now, instead of coming out next summer, which seems ludicrous, it will hit January 12, 2018, which seems slightly less ludicrous.
I'm not a huge Bad Boys fan, but I have high hopes for this - should it happen - thanks to Carnahan's involvement. Hopefully the film can live up to its amazing new title.
FILE - Ultra orthodox Jewish men take part in celebrations of the Jewish holiday of Lag Baomer on Mt. Meron in northern Israel. May 26, 2016. Photo by Moshe Azriel/Flash90
Jerusalem - A prominent Israeli rabbi had harsh words for those who plan to travel to Meron to celebrate Lag B'Omer immediately after Shabbos, describing their enthusiasm to observe the holiday at the grave of Rav Shimon Bar Yochai as hypocritical and disgraceful.
Rabbi David Yosef, a member of Moetzet Chachmei Hatorah and son of Israel's former chief rabbi Rav Ovadia Yosef, came out with his pronouncement at the start of his weekly shiur as reported by Israel news site Kikar HaShabat (http://bit.ly/2ps6eN4).
Rabbi Yosef noted that with Lag B'Omer falling out on Sunday this year, police officers, bus drivers and other support staff will be forced to perform forbidden work on Shabbos in order to prepare for the thousands of people who are expected to arrive in Meron immediately after Shabbos.
Advertisement:
Rabbi Yosef suggested that Lag B'Omer celebrations in Meron be postponed for several hours in order to avoid desecration of Shabbos, a procedure that is already used when the observance of Israel's memorial and independence days on the fourth and fifth days of Iyar could potentially cause chilul Shabbos. That schedule was agreed to by religious and secular Jews when the State of Israel was established in 1948 and this year, both observances were postponed by one day because the fourth of Iyar fell out on a Sunday.
FILE -Portrait of Rabbi David Yosef, the 9th son of the late former Chief Rabbi of Israel, Ovadiya Yosef, at his office in the Har Nof Seminary, on October 6, 2016. Flash90
“The secular Jews agreed this to avoid any violation of Shabbos but the Charedim refuse to consider starting the Lag B'Omer celebrations a few hours later,” said Rabbi Yosef. “Why? Because it is a mitzvah from the Torah, it says specifically in the Torah that every single Jew is required to go on Lag B'Omer to Meron and to make a bonfire? And for this many, many police officers are required to desecrate the Shabbos?”
Rabbi Yosef noted that police participation is crucial at large gatherings in order to provide proper security, noting that two people died and dozens were injured as crowds surged at the 2015 funeral of Rabbi Shmuel Halevi Wosner as previously reported on VIN News (http://bit.ly/2oU4Eoz).
The idea that Charedim who demonstrate against police for violating their religious rights are causing Jewish police officers to work on Shabbos is hypocritical said Rabbi Yosef.
“Instead of protesting against the police we need to protest against the Chareidim, against those who have created a new mitzvah that requires them to go to Meron the minute Shabbos ends,” thundered Rabbi Yosef.
In this instance, Charedim need to learn from secular Jews, observed Rabbi Yosef.
“The secular Jews understood that they needed to postpone national holidays if there was a conflict with Shabbos,” said Rabbi Yosef. “And we can't do the same thing for Lag B'omer? What is going on here? This is hypocrisy. This is an embarrassment, a disgrace. Push the bonfire off until four AM. Close the whole compound in Meron and lock it up. We are going to observe a custom while causing thousands to violate the Shabbos?
Source: The Telegraph
March 23, 2016
A part of the interiors of Basilica di Santa Maria Antiqua at Roman Fori Photo: EPA
A 1,500-year-old church which was buried under debris from an earthquake for more than a millennium has reopened to the public after a painstaking restoration of some of the world's earliest Christian art.
The sixth-century church of Santa Maria Antiqua is located in the ancient Roman Forum, at the bottom of the Palatine Hill, where Roman emperors lived for centuries in sumptuous palaces.
It was buried under rubble by an earthquake in AD 847 and was only rediscovered in 1900 during archaeological excavations.
It has taken more than 30 years to restore its exquisite interior, which is decorated with multi-coloured frescoes of saints, martyrs, angels and emperors.
The project, which was funded by the Italian government and the World Monuments Fund, cost £2 million.
A visitor looks at a fresco, Christ on throne with Saints, believed to date back to 757 A.D., in Santa Maria Antiqua monument Photo: AP
"This church is the Sistine Chapel of the early Middle Ages," Maria Andaloro, an art historian involved in the project, told Reuters.
"It collected the very best of figurative culture of the Christian world between Rome and Byzantium."
Being buried by the earthquake saved the church from being altered in later centuries, particularly during the Counter-Reformation, said Prof Andaloro.
Among the most significant frescoes is a depiction of the Virgin Mary with child - one of the oldest known Christian icons in the world.
After the ninth century earthquake it was moved to another church in Rome but it has now been returned to Santa Maria Antiqua.
Christian iconography was often superimposed on earlier Byzantine art - a depiction of the angel Gabriel telling Mary she had been chosen to be the mother of Christ was painted on top of a Byzantine queen, for instance.
The church was built inside a vast complex of Roman buildings which were constructed in the first century AD under the rule of the Emperor Domitian.
A part of the interiors of Basilica di Santa Maria Antiqua at Roman Fori Photo: EPA
“It is unique, not just among the hundreds of churches in Rome but also in the whole of Italy,” said Francesco Prosperetti, Rome's superintendent of archaeology.
“It represents a forgotten period in the history of the Forum because of the earthquake that buried it.”
The main frescoes, decorating the walls of the central nave and presbytery, were painted under Pope Martin I, who led the Church from 649 to 655 AD.
Further frescoes were ordered to be painted by Pope John VII (705 to 707 AD), who had a great affection for the church – his father helped managed the imperial palaces and he had been raised on the Palatine Hill.
A part of the interiors of Basilica di Santa Maria Antiqua at Roman Fori Photo: EPA
The church lies close to the entrance to a large underground passageway that allowed the emperors and their retinues to pass unseen between their hilltop palaces and the Roman Forum.
The 2,000-year-old “imperial ramp” was opened to the public for the first time in October.
Originally more than 300 yards long, it consisted of seven zigzag ramps, four of which remain today.
The ceiling of the passageway is so high that emperors could easily have passed through it on horseback.
Like the church of Santa Maria Antiqua, it too was rediscovered in 1900.
The doctrine of the pre-existence (or preexistence) of Christ asserts the ontological or personal existence of Christ before his incarnation. One of the relevant Bible passages is John 1:1–18 where, in the Trinitarian interpretation, Christ is identified with a pre-existent divine hypostasis called the Logos or Word. There are other nontrinitarian views that question the aspect of personal pre-existence or the aspect of divinity or both.
This doctrine is reiterated in John 17:5 when Jesus refers to the glory which he had with the Father "before the world was" during the Farewell Discourse.[1] John 17:24 also refers to the Father loving Jesus "before the foundation of the world".[1]
Trinitarian belief in the doctrine [ edit ]
The concept of the pre-existence of Christ is a central tenet of the doctrine of the Trinity. Trinitarian Christology explores the nature of Christ's pre-existence as the Divine hypostasis called the Logos or Word, described in the passage John 1:1–18, which begins:
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was with God in the beginning. Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that has been made. John 1:1–3, New International Version
This "Word" is also called God the Son or the Second Person of the Trinity. Theologian Bernard Ramm noted that "It has been standard teaching in historic Christology that the Logos, the Son, existed before the incarnation. That the Son so existed before the incarnation has been called the pre-existence of Christ."[3]
Other aspects of Christology explore the incarnation of this Divine being as the man Jesus. In the words of the Nicene Creed, Christ "came down from heaven, and was incarnate." Some Protestant theologians believe that God the Son emptied himself[4] of divine attributes in order to become human, in a process called kenosis, while others reject this.[5]
Douglas McCready, in his analysis and defence of the pre-existence of Christ,[6] notes that whereas the preexistence of Christ "is taken for granted by most orthodox Christians, and has been since New Testament times",[7] during the past century the doctrine has been increasingly questioned by less orthodox theologians and scholars.[7]
James Dunn, in his book Christology in the Making,[8] examines the development of this doctrine in early Christianity, noting that it is "beyond dispute"[9] that in John 1:1–18, "the Word is pre-existent, and Christ is the pre-existent Word incarnate,"[9] but going on to explore possible sources for the concepts expressed there, such as the writings of Philo.
When the Trinity is depicted in art, the Logos is normally shown with the distinctive appearance, and cruciform halo that identifies Christ; in depictions of the Garden of Eden this looks forward to an Incarnation yet to occur. In some Early Christian sarcophagi, the Logos is distinguished with a beard, "which allows him to appear ancient, even preexistent."[10]
Apart from John 1:1–18 and other New Testament passages,[such as?] some Trinitarian groups[who?] also consider a number of Old Testament texts as supporting or consistent with the doctrine, including Gen. 3:13–15, Gen. 49:10, Job 19:25–29, Num. 24:5–7, Jos. 5:13–15, Ps. 2:7–12, Ps. 22, Ps. 110:1, Pro. 30:1, Isa. 9:6–7, Isa. 53, Dan. 3:24–25, and Dan. 9:24–27. For example, Tertullian in Against Marcion Ch.21 sees a pre-existent appearance of Christ in the fiery furnace of one who is "like the son of man (for he was not yet really son of man)."[11] The identification of specific appearances of Christ is increasingly common in evangelical literature from the 1990s onwards. For example, W. Terry Whalin states that the fourth person in the fiery furnace is Christ, and that "These appearances of Christ in the Old Testament are known as Theophanies or 'appearances of God' ".[12]
Other non-Trinitarian Christians with belief in pre-existence (see Section 2 below) may have different or similar interpretations of such verses.
Personal pre-existence [ edit ]
Orthodox Christian faith believes that Jesus of Nazareth was personally identical with the eternally pre-existent Son of God or Logos. Here Christians hold the pre-existence of a divine person—something distinct from other notions such as the pre-existence of the Jewish Torah or Plato's scheme of pre-existing ideas that provided the pattern for the demiurge in fashioning the world.[13]
The Christological doctrine of pre-existence maintains that Christ's personal existence is that of an external Subject within the oneness of God, and hence cannot be derived from the history of human beings and their world. His personal being did not originate when his visible human history began. He did not come into existence as a new person around 5 BC. He exists personally as the eternal Son of God. To adopt tensed language from Nicaea I ("there never was [a time] when he was not" – DzH 126)[15] and state that Christ "always existed" could easily be misleading. Through sharing in the divine attribute of eternity he exists timelessly, given that eternity is in itself timeless. Even the classical definition of eternity left by Boethius, "interminabilis vitae tota simul et perfecta possessio" (the all-at-once, complete, and perfect possession of endless life) (Consolatio Philosophiae, 5. 6), could misrepresent matters. "All-at-once" (simul) positively and "endless" (interminabilis) negatively recall time and temporal duration. Eternity and eternal life, however, are not to be reduced to any such temporal duration. The eternal "now" of the divine existence means perfect union and simplicity in unchangeable fullness of life, with no parts and with no relations of before and after, no having-been and no going-to-be.[13]
These considerations also show up some dangers in the very term "pre-existence". To speak of the Son of God as pre-existing his incarnation and even the very creation of the world (when time began) could be (wrongly) taken to imply a "before" and "after" for his personal, divine existence. An addition that Constantinople I made to the Nicene Creed, "begotten from the father before all ages" (DzH 150; ND 12; addition italicized) might mislead one into thinking here of temporal succession as if the Son merely anteceded or "antedated" everything that later began (in/with time). Hence, one strains language (in an anthropomorphic fashion) when one speaks of the Logos personally existing and being active "before" the incarnation. It is another question with the humanity assumed at the virginal conception. This did not antedate the historical event of the incarnation. In the case of the human nature assumed by the Logos, "there was [a time] when this nature was not"—to apply controversial language to the humanity and not (as Arius did) to the person of the Son of God. From this point of view, it would have made perfect sense to have said, at the time of the Babylonian captivity of the Jews or of the assassination of Julius Caesar in 44 BC, that "the incarnation has not yet taken place" and "the human nature of the Son of God is not yet operating". His historical humanity began its existence within the temporal order; the person of the Son of God exists eternally and timelessly. As Thomas Aquinas put it, "the humane nature" of Christ was created and began in time, where "the subsistent subject" is both uncreated and eternal.[16]
Pre-existence means rather that Christ personally belongs to an order of being other than the created, temporal one. His personal, divine existence transcends temporal (and spatial) categories; it might be better expressed as trans-existence, meta-existence, or, quite simply, eternal existence. None of this is intended to deny that eternity must have something of time about it and vice versa. After all, Plato could define time as "the eternal image of eternity, moving according to number" (Timaeus, 37d). Eternity transcends time but without being apart from it; eternity and time should be considered together. Through the attribute of eternity God is present immediately and powerfully to all times.[17] Book of Enoch an ancient pre-Christian manuscript extant mentions a Christ like person being seen by Enoch standing next to God whom God told Enoch this Divine being would come to the earth.
Non-Trinitarian belief in the doctrine [ edit ]
Some accept the pre-existence of Christ without accepting his full divinity in the Trinitarian sense. For example, it is likely that Arius and most early advocates of Arianism accepted the pre-existence of Christ.[18] However, St. Thomas Aquinas says that Arius "pretended that the Person of the Son of God is a creature, and less than the Father, so he maintained that He began to be, saying 'there was a time when He was not.'"[19]
John Locke,[20] William Ellery Channing and Isaac Newton[21] appear to have maintained belief in the pre-existence of Christ despite their rejection of the Trinity.
Today, several nontrinitarian denominations also share belief in some form of the pre-existence of Christ, including the Church of God (7th Day) and the Jehovah's Witnesses, the latter group identifying Jesus as the archangel Michael,[22] interpreting John 1:1 by translating with the phrase "a god," rather than "God".[23] Mormonism teaches Christ's pre-existence as the first and greatest of the spirit children of God the Father.[24]
Among the many churches which separated from the Worldwide Church of God, also referred to as the "Sabbatarian Churches of God" or, more pejoratively, Armstrongites, there is a shared belief in binitarianism, and that Jesus was the God of the Old Testament through whom God the Father created the world (based on Ephesians 3:9 and John 1:1–3), and that it was Jesus Christ who personally interacted with Adam and Eve, Noah, the patriarchs, ancient Israel, and the kings and prophets of the Old Testament. It is held that in his carnation, Jesus was sent to reveal the Father who was previously unknown. This is based on an interpretation of John 5:37, Luke 10:22, and by the large number of references Jesus made about the Father in the New Testament compared to the very few, almost figural references to God as Father in the Old Testament. This belief is also based on an interpretation of verses where Christ is believed to be discussing his personal presence in the Old Testament and interaction with ancient Israel, and on a Christological interpretation of Melchizedek.[25]
Oneness Pentecostals [ edit ]
Oneness Pentecostals are non-Trinitarian Pentecostal Christians who do not accept the pre-existence of Christ as distinguished from God the Father, believing that, prior to the Incarnation, only "the timeless Spirit of God (the Father)"[26] existed. Afterwards God "simultaneously dwelt in heaven as a timeless Spirit, and inside of the Son of Man on this earth."[26] However, the UPCI, a large Oneness denomination, says in their statement of faith that "The one God existed as Father, Word, and Spirit" prior to the incarnation.[27]
Although Oneness Pentecostals accept that "Christ is the same person as God,"[26] they also believe that "The 'Son' was 'born,' which means that he had a beginning."[26] In other words, "Oneness adherents understand the term [Son] to be applicable to God only after the incarnation."[28] They have consequently been described as holding an essential unitarian position on the doctrine,[29][30] and of denying the pre-existence of Christ.[31][32] However, some members of the movement deny this interpretation of their beliefs.[33]
Denial of the doctrine [ edit ]
Throughout history there have been various groups and individuals believing that Jesus' existence began when he was conceived.[34] Those who consider themselves Christians while denying the pre-existence of Christ can be broadly divided into two streams.
First, there are those who nevertheless accept the virgin birth. This includes Socinians,[35] and early Unitarians such as John Biddle,[36] and Nathaniel Lardner.[37] Today the view is primarily held by Christadelphians.[38] These groups typically consider that Christ is prophesied and foreshadowed in the Old Testament, but did not exist prior to his birth.[39]
Second, there are those who also deny the virgin birth. This includes Ebionites and later Unitarians, such as Joseph Priestley,[40][41][42] and Thomas Jefferson.[43][44] This view is often described as adoptionism, and in the 19th century was also called psilanthropism. Samuel Taylor Coleridge described himself as having once been a psilanthropist, believing Jesus to be the "real son of Joseph."[45] Friedrich Schleiermacher, sometimes called "the father of liberal theology",[46] was one of many German theologians who departed from the idea of personal ontological pre-existence of Christ, teaching that "Christ was not God but was created as the ideal and perfect man whose sinlessness constituted his divinity."[46] Similarly, Albrecht Ritschl rejected the pre-existence of Christ, asserting that Christ was the "Son of God" only in the sense that "God had revealed himself in Christ"[46] and Christ "accomplished a religious and ethical work in us which only God could have done."[46] Later, Rudolf Bultmann described the pre-existence of Christ as "not only irrational but utterly meaningless."[47]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Teodor P. Grantcharov, a professor of surgery at the University of Toronto, said the use of recording equipment in operating rooms helps physicians. “If we don't know what we're doing wrong, we'll never improve,” he said. (St. Michael's Hospital of Toronto)
Chris Nowakowski's wife died in Wisconsin during what should have been a routine procedure on her pacemaker. Danny Long's wife in North Carolina suffered catastrophic neurological injury during a surgery to relieve numbness in her extremities. A doctor perforated the colon and esophagus of Deirdre Gilbert's daughter in Texas, then operated on her after she was dead.
In each case, the families still don't know the full story of what happened to their loved ones because of a lack of documentation and an inability to pursue a costly lawsuit. They are relatives of an estimated 400,000 a year people who die in the United States of preventable medical errors, the third-leading cause of death after heart disease and cancer. But the families say they could have known much more if cameras had been installed in the operating rooms, recording the actions and movements of the doctors and staffers involved.
They are enthusiastic supporters of a growing movement that is seeking to require hospitals and surgical suites to have video and audio recording capability. Now, a surgeon in Toronto has built a “black box” that synchronizes a patient's physical data with video and audio recordings of an operation, enabling doctors to review their work the same way athletes watch video of their performances. And he said he has lined up two U.S. hospital systems to take part in the first testing of the system.
“If we don't know what we're doing wrong, we'll never improve,” said Teodor P. Grantcharov, a professor of surgery at the University of Toronto. “This is what many other ­high-performance industries have been using for decades.”
A bill that would require cameras in every operating room in Wisconsin has been introduced in the state legislature, and supporters say that lawmakers in other states are closely watching the bill's progress. The proposed legislation, known as the “Julie Ayer Rubenzer Law,” is named for a Wisconsin woman who died after she was given excessive amounts of propofol — the same anesthesic that killed singer Michael Jackson in 2009 — during breast-enhancement surgery.
Rubenzer's brother, Wade Ayer, founded the National Organization for Medical Malpractice Victims and helped draft the bill, which is supported by patient-advocate groups around the country. Ayer said video and audio recordings can capture the reasons behind “adverse events,” as the medical industry terms them, and deter inept or simply bad behavior by medical personnel — such as the anesthesiologist in suburban Washington who can be heard harshly criticizing her patient in an audio recording made by the patient. The physician was hit with a $500,000 jury verdict.
[Anesthesiologist trashes sedated patient — and it ends up costing her]
Currently, re-creating what went wrong in an operating room involves a mixture of memories and whatever notes were taken at the time or shortly afterward, a vague combination that vexes families trying to get to the truth about a failed procedure or a fatal complication. Recording surgeries “offers transparency, truth and accuracy,” Ayer said, “in collecting data for the medical record and testimony. It offers data and insight for medical boards and even prosecutors. It offers oversight and policing.”
The medical industry is treading cautiously. The American Hospital Association, the American Medical Association and the American College of Surgeons all declined to comment for this article. In 2005, the AMA adopted a policy on filming patients in health-care settings — it encouraged the practice for educational purposes — but focused on patient privacy and on filming only those who give their consent.
But the health-care industry has flexed its muscle where needed, sometimes driven by concerns about the effects that video recordings could have on medical malpractice lawsuits as well as the cost of installing and maintaining complex recording systems. A bill in Massachusetts that would require hospitals to allow recording by a licensed videographer, at the patient's expense, has repeatedly failed in recent years in the face of opposition from hospitals, according to news media reports.
In Wisconsin, Ayer said he has encountered opposition from the medical industry. But state Rep. Christine Sinicki (D) has pressed ahead with what would be the first law in the country to require cameras in operating rooms. “After hearing stories from families affected by malpractice,” Sinicki said in an interview, “a lot of people felt the way to rein this in and catch it is to record everything in the operating room.”
But there are “fantastic privacy issues” with cameras in operating rooms, not only with patients but also with doctors and staffers, according to Bruce A. Cranner, a medical malpractice defense lawyer in New Orleans who is a former chair of the Defense Research Institute's Medical Liability and Health Care Law Committee. “Health-care providers have a justified right to be able to talk among themselves about a patient without fear that [they are] going to be second-guessed or overheard.”
Cranner also suggested that cameras would not necessarily capture the key parts of an operation and that “we are going to have somebody explaining for the TV what's going on, like PBS's ‘Nova'. That's not what medicine's for; it's not Hollywood.”
Ayer said Cranner is wrong. “They already have cameras in operating rooms,” he said. “That's how they train medical students.” Although cameras may not always be conclusive on the finer points of a surgery, Ayer said, they would clearly show who was present during a procedure and when, details that often are at issue.
Ayer has also begun lobbying members of Congress in order to judge interest in a federal law regarding surgical cameras. He also is pushing for a national database of doctors who have had their licenses taken away after they made medical errors. The license of the doctor whose actions killed Ayer's sister was revoked in Florida, but he now practices in Pennsylvania, public records show.
Some advocates for operating-room cameras say the devices can only help. They add that tort reform in many states limits damages in malpractice cases, discouraging lawyers from taking on cases without clear-cut evidence — such as video.
“The medical records of what happened during surgery are often incomplete,” said John T. James of Patient Safety America, whose 19-year-old son died as a result of medical errors in Texas in 2002 and who authored a study that estimated that 400,000 people die of adverse medical events a year. “Cameras push us in the direction of the truth,” he said. “And if the surgical team knows they're being videotaped, they're going to do better.”
[Neurosurgeon accused of intentionally botching operations]
And that was the impetus for the University of Toronto's Grantcharov to create a “black box” to record operations: improving surgeons' performance. “The initial idea wasn't to make it available to be used in the courts,” he said. “This is a way for our profession to reflect critically on what we do” and share knowledge industry-wide, not simply where cameras are being used.
He said that in one pilot project involving 54 procedures, there were adverse events in 38 of them, and 75 percent of the problems were not noticed by the surgical team. Using the video, audio and patient data from an operation can help surgeons learn from their mistakes, he said.
“In the majority of cases,” Grantcharov said, “the data will protect doctors in court. We will see a reduction of malpractice claims.” But he said that cameras and data must be rolled out carefully. “If it's used for destructive purposes, the profession will shut it down. It's a very delicate topic right now.”
This does not meet the minimum standards of the Coop Média de Montréal [ ?
by Tim McSorley
Students and supporters march through downtown Montreal. These marches may be fewer and far between once a new emergency law in adopted. Image via La Riposte on Flickr.
The Quebec government has introduced legislation (PDF) which they say is necessary in order to restore social order during the ongoing student strike, but which critics are denouncing as threatening the right to protest in Quebec.
“This bill, if adopted, is a breach to the fundamental, constitutional rights of the citizens,” said Louis Masson, president of the Quebec Bar Association. The Quebec Bar Association is just one of the organizations that have spoken out since the law was introduced to parliament last night.
The debate began around 9pm Thursday and is ongoing (watch live here).
Among other things, the law will require all organizers of a demonsration of 10 people or more to submit their itinerary, inclusing route, date, time and duration, to police eight hours in advance, and to refrain from demonstrating within 50 metres of any teaching establishment.
This morning, in a press conference, student leaders and unions also spoke out against the law.
"If we are no longer able to protest in our society, it becomes a totalitarian society," said Louis Roy, head of the Confédération des Syndicats Nationaux (CSN), which represents most university and college teachers in the province. "We are telling our members to defend their fundamental right, the right to demostrate," he added.
One of the spokespeople for the organization representing the majority of the 155,000 students on strike said they may participate in civil disobedience to challenge the law. "[We] are not excluding the possibility of disobeying this special law," said Gabriel Nadeau-Dubois, co-spokesperson with the Enlarged Coalition of the Association for a Solidarity Among Student Unions (CLASSE).
As of 12:15, a petition calling for the law to be stopped had 23,000 signatures. The organizers of the petition, online at http://loi78.com are trying to reach 100,000 signatures by 4pm today.
The proposed law, known as "Bill 78: A Law Allowing Students to Receive the Education Provided by the School Which They Attend," contains 36 articles. Several of these articles are raising concerns, including:
•Any demonstration including 10 or more people would need to submit its route, location, time, date and duration to police at least eight hours in advance for approval. Police would be allowed to order modifications to the protest. •Protest organizers, as well as any student association or federation of associations that participate in a demonstration, are accountable for the actions of all participants in the demonstration, under threat of fine. •All protests that may hinder access to classes, whether directly or indirectly, are not allowed within 50 metres of the grounds of any teaching establishment. All protests within schools that hinder access to classes, stops the resumption or continuation of classes are also banned.
Read the entirety of the proposed legislation here (PDF, French).
These rules apply to both any action or omission which may lead to classes being disrupted.
The law would also require teachers to report any disruptive actions, which has already led union leaders to denounce that their members would be transformed into a pseudo-police force.
Should any student association be reported to be taking part in these kinds of activities, the government reserves to right to suspend all student union fees (at the rate of one semester's worth of fees per day that the law is broken), as well as access to campus offices. Both fees and access to offices are provided under the Quebec student union accreditation law.
The bill also stipulates that any person who, by act or ommission, aids, or by encouragement, counsel, consent, authorisation or ofder, brings, another person to break any of the provisions of this law is also held accountable and is liable to the same fines.
Fines for breaking any aspects of this law would be:
$1,000 to $5,000 for individuals
$7,000 to $35,000 for leaders, employees or representatives of any student association or employees' association, leaders or representatives of an institution, or individual who organizes a demonstration
$25,000 to $125,000 for any student association, federation of associations, employees' association or institution, or moral person, organization or coalition which organizes a demonstration
In case of recurring offences, fines would double.
If this bill passes, which it most likely will, since the Liberal party holds a majority in parliament, it is still unclear when it will go into effect. Montrealers have held 23 straight night-time demonstrations, wth the 24th scheduled for this evening. Each of the demosntrations would have broken multiple provisions of Bill 78 on several occasions.
It is also unclear how the bill will define indirect actions hindering classes. When asked whether wearing a red square in class would violate the law, Education Minister Michelle Courchesne said that that would be up to the courts to decide.
Even those who support the law, such as the Conseil du Patronat du Québec, have expressed concerns that is does not actually lead Quebec out of the tuition fee impasse. On CBC Radio Montreal today, the head of the council said that the government still has not presented a solution to actually end the student strike.
CLASSE has already been calling for a major demonstration on May 22nd, the one hundreth day of the strike. Unions expressed their support for the May 22 action and for challenging the regulations, and comments online and in the media are brimming with anger over the law. Should the government not change route and negotiate with students leaders, all signs point to a continued strike and a very large demonstration on May 22.
Get the biggest business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Westminster Government's agreement to spend an extra £1bn in Northern Ireland to secure the support of the DUP is “absolutely unacceptable” and “corrosive to the UK”, Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford said today.
The Welsh Government minister was answering questions during an economic briefing jointly hosted by CBI Wales and Barclays at the St David's Hotel in Cardiff Bay.
He said he had agreed with his Scottish counterpart to write separate but parallel letters to the Treasury setting out their objections to the agreement.
He added: “It is absolutely unacceptable, not only from a financial point of view but if you are interested in the future of the United Kingdom, that a UK Government should ride absolutely roughshod over the rulebook that is there for how we deal with funding matters in the United Kingdom.”
He said he had told the Chief Secretary that if the UK Government was going to invest in Northern Ireland “for purposes that are exclusive to Northern Ireland”, he'd have no complaint.
But if the UK Government was going to give extra funding for Northern Ireland for things that are also devolved to Wales and Scotland, “everything in the rulebook tells you we should have a commensurate share.”
He added that it was “corrosive to the United Kingdom” that communities in Wales, Scotland and England would receive less to spend on schools and hospitals while those in Northern Ireland would get more.
Mr Drakeford also said that he would “continue to press” to have air passenger duty (APD) devolved to Wales.
He said: “We have unsuccessfully argued with the UK Government for APD to be devolved to Wales. It's a nonsense, it's devolved in Northern Ireland, it's devolved in Scotland, yet it's not devolved to Wales.
“The UK Government has so far declined to publish the evidence on which it has said it has made this decision and we continue to press them both to show us the books and to make the general case for APD to be part of the very modest suite of devolved fiscal responsibilities that we have in Wales.”
CBI chief economist's outlook
(Image: Roger Donovan / Mediaphotos)
Earlier the audience heard CBI director of economics Rain Newton-Smith give her outlook for the UK economy.
She said the Grenfell tower block fire and other recent tragedies had demonstrated the resilience of communities, and “shone a light on some of the challenges our country has and the importance of improving living standards around the UK and funding our public services particularly at a local level.”
She said there had been a lack of debate during the referendum about “the difficult policy choices that have to be made as we go forward.”
The last quarter of 2016 had seen growth of 0.6% driven by the “great British shopper”, she said, but there was now a “shift down in gear” across the economy.
The main factor behind that, she said, was the weaker exchange rate since the referendum feeding through into higher inflation.
Exporters were feeling more competitive with export orders for manufacturers rising to a 22-year high in May, but the flip side was the higher cost of imported goods, with input prices for manufacturers rising 19% on the year in January.
That rise in input costs is now easing off but is feeding through into consumer prices.
“It's going to feel a lot different for households for the next couple of years than it has,” said Ms Newton-Smith.
“With inflation around 3%, what we're seeing is pay on average won't keep pace with that, so standard of living on average will slip back over the course of this year.”
The CBI expects consumer spending to fall back this year and again next year.
Ms Newton-Smith said the impression she got from travelling around and visiting businesses was that companies are still investing, particularly in technology.
But “people are feeling more uncertain about what our final relationship will be with the EU and businesses are more cautious about making bigger, long-term decisions,” she added.
The impact of the election was adding to this uncertainty, she said.
She said there was potential for a “more pragmatic Brexit to take shape”, adding that “business voices are getting more involved and listened to.”
“We want an easy transition to our new relationship and time for businesses to adjust,” she added.
But businesses don't want the domestic agenda left behind during the Brexit negotiations, and that means making the critical decisions on things such as infrastructure and following through on them, the Oxford educated economist said.
“There's a pretty compelling case for having a decision made on the tidal lagoon” and the M4 relief road, she added.
Karen Thomas, Barclays head of business and corporate banking for Cardiff and the south Wales Valleys, said: “Events like these in partnership with CBI Wales provide valuable economic insight and access to senior representation from Welsh Government, something which our customers tell us they appreciate and value. I left the event better informed and clear on the challenges ahead, but optimistic that Welsh business can navigate the choppy waters and prosper in a post Brexit economy.”
Given their shared love of urban crime fighting and nighttime vigilante behavior, it's almost surprising that Batman and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles haven't managed to run into each other by now — but this November the wait is over, with the debut of Batman/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, a co-production of DC Entertainment and IDW Publishing.
Written by James Tynion IV with art by Freddie E. Williams II, the six part mini-series will see the Turtles thrown out of their home dimension and into Batman's Gotham City, where the Dark Knight becomes the heroes in a half shell's best hope to get home in one piece … as long as they can make it past all of Batman's rogues gallery in one piece.
In a statement, Tynion IV called the project "a fanboy dream come true," saying that although he's written many Batman projects — including co-writing the newly announced Batman and Robin Eternal weekly series, launching on Oct. 7 — "it's always a thrill to see the world of Batman through new eyes." Even if those eyes are hidden behind colorful masks to keep the secret identities of a bunch of mutated martial arts-loving turtles a mystery.
The series,which debuts in November, isn't the first co-publishing venture between DC and IDW; the first, Green Lantern/Star Trek, reached comic book stores this week.
Words like "crazy," "ghetto," and "illegal alien" are not inclusive. This, according to a new initiative launched by the University of Illinois at Chicago. The school's "Words Matter!" campaign vows to educate students on how to speak and think appropriately. The Daily Caller's Rob Shimshock summarizes:
“At UIC, diversity is our strength — our competitive edge,” says UIC on the page detailing the campaign. “The purpose of the campaign is not to tell people what they can or cannot say (i.e., inhibit free speech) but rather to acknowledge that on a diverse campus each and everyone one of us has a responsibility to be aware of the power of our words to promote a more welcoming and inclusive campus environment.” The page features a slideshow with individuals holding signs displaying terms like “crazy,” “ghetto,” and “illegal alien,” as well as expressions like “man up” and “what's your real name?” The university also showcases terms like “undocumented” and “Black Lives Matter.” The two July workshops, sponsored by a handful of UIC departments such as the offices of diversity and faculty affairs, purport to “offer opportunities for UIC to engage with the concept of inclusive language and its connection to identities, inequality, and power” via readings, videos, and dialogue.
The UIC website goes on to state:
Promoting equity and inclusion are the cornerstones of UIC's vision of being nationally recognized as a diverse learning and working community where human differences are embraced; and where neither difference nor disadvantage stands in the way of intellectual and professional achievement. Our realization of this vision requires an unwavering commitment by everyone to promoting a climate of respect, tolerance, and inclusion.
Words Matter! is designed to raise awareness about the power of language as well as offer opportunities for UIC campus members to engage with the concept of inclusive language and its connection to identities, inequality, and power. The workshop series is open to students, faculty, and staff across campus who are interested in learning more about the power of word choice and how to make their classrooms and workplaces more inclusive.
"Workshop participants will engage in dialogue with their fellow campus members, watch short videos, review current literature, and have an opportunity to discuss strategies for change," the school promises.
Just what we need.
(left) Jacob Rowse, 4, Jayne Rowse, Nolan Rowse, 5, April DeBoer, Ryanne DeBoer, 4, play around at their home in Hazel Park, Mich. on March 8, 2013. The family is involved in a federal court case challenging Michigan's constitutional ban on same-sex marriage. Michigan's current adoption law prevents same-sex couples from both adopting the children. Currently, Jayne Rowse is the legal guardian of Nolan, 4, and Jacob, 3, while April DeBoer is the legal guardian of Ryanne, 3. The lawsuit is arguing MichiganÃ¢ÂÂs ban on same-sex marriages violates childrenÃ¢ÂÂs and parentsÃ¢ÂÂ rights under the U.S. ConstitutionÃ¢ÂÂs Equal Protection Clause. (Tanya Moutzalias | MLive.com)
DETROIT, MI -- The trial that could overturn Michigan's gay marriage ban begins Tuesday in Detroit.
U.S. District Judge Bernard Friedman will make his decision after an expected eight days of testimony.
Jayne Rowse and April DeBoer, a lesbian couple who live in Hazel Park, filed the lawsuit after learning they cannot jointly adopt the three children they are raising due to the voter-passed 2004 Defense of Marriage Act.
"We're just eager to have the case heard," said DeBoer, who, like Rowse, is a nurse. "And we're eager to move on with out lives and have the legal rights that we've been fighting for."
They'll be in court on day one of the trial, but DeBoer said they may be too busy to attend every day of the hearing.
"Everyday life gets in the way, but we'll be there as much as we can," said DeBoer.
Rowse is the legal guardian of Nolan, 5, and Jacob, 4, and DeBoer of Ryanne, 4. They live together as a family unit but say under law only the adoptive mother has parental rights.
The state of Michigan argues children are benefited by living in a home with heterosexual parents, and that 59 percent of voters in 2004 mandated the law.
Based on lists filed by both the plaintiffs and defense, there are at least 21 potential witnesses, including DeBoer and Rowse.
The state has listed four expert witnesses, including
Mark Regnerus, a professor of sociology at the University of Texas in Austin.
Regnerus conducted a study of 3,000 young adults that looked at
40 measures of social, emotional and relationship outcomes in their lives.
He found that
adults raised by lesbian mothers had negative outcomes in 24 of 40 categories, while adults raised by gay fathers had negative outcomes in 19 categories, the Washington Times reported
He concluded that “children appear most apt to succeed well as adults when they spend their entire childhood with their married mother and father, and especially when the parents remain married to the present day," which contradicts statements by the American Psychological Association that children of gay parents are not disadvantaged in any way.
The state filed a deposition with another of its witnesses,
economist Joseph Price of Brigham Young University, who likewise said children are negatively impacted by the instability of a same-sex union.
"Divorce is a family of instability and it's really clear that same-sex couples have less stable unions than opposite-sex couples," he said in his deposition. He agreed that a single-parent household also creates an unstable environment for children.
Before a hearing in October, at least 10 of 83 county clerks across the state said they were prepared to immediately begin issuing same-sex marriage certificates should the ban be revoked.
DeBoer said they don't plan to get married right away if it becomes possible, worried that an appeal could reinstate the law and nullify it.
"We're going to wait until it's all said and done and finished," she said, "then get married."
Check back with MLive Tuesday for live coverage from the courthouse.
LONDONLONDON (Reuters) - Britain's economy grew at its slowest pace since 2013 in the 12 months after last year's Brexit vote, data showed on Friday, painting a subdued picture as the Bank of England prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in a decade.
The world's fifth-biggest economy was just 1.5 percent bigger than a year earlier in the second quarter, the weakest year-on-year expansion in more than four years and down from a rate of 1.8 percent in the first three months of the year.
Britain's Office for National Statistics had previously estimated second-quarter growth at 1.7 percent, and none of the economists polled by Reuters before the data had expected such a big downward revision.
ADVERTISEMENT
Friday's data also showed a monthly fall in output for the services sector in July, boding poorly for third-quarter growth.
Sterling fell after the data and prompted some economists to reconsider their prediction of a rate hike at the end of the BoE's next meeting on Nov. 2.
"I'm sticking to my call for a hike in November, but I'm much more nervous now than I was prior to this data release," Scotiabank's Alan Clarke wrote in a note to clients.
However, the weak data might not stand in the way of the BoE raising interest rates from their record low 0.25 percent.
BoE Governor Mark Carney said on Friday the economy was on track for a rate hike "in the relatively near term", two weeks after the BoE jolted markets by flagging a rate rise "in the coming months," despite weak growth this year.
The BoE has downgraded its estimate of how fast Britain's economy can grow without generating excess inflation because of the impact of Brexit, so Friday's weaker growth picture is not necessarily fatal for the chances of a November rate rise.
ADVERTISEMENT
REVISING THE PAST
A major annual set of revisions of Britain's official data showed show stronger business investment, net exports and household savings, but also a larger current account deficit.
Britain sucked in 23.2 billion pounds of foreign finance in the three months to June, far above economists' 16 billion pound forecast, and the first-quarter deficit was revised up to 22.3 billion pounds from 16.9 billion.
Business investment grew by an annual 2.5 percent in the second quarter, compared with an earlier estimate that it had stagnated, and households' savings ratio was a relatively healthy 5.4 percent in the second quarter.
FILE PHOTO: A Union Flag umbrella is seen in front of the Elizabeth Tower, commonly known as Big Ben, in London, Britain, August 9, 2017. Reuters/Hannah McKay/File Photo: A worker assembles metal components at the Mec Com Ltd factory near Stafford, central England December 15, 2016. Reuters/Phil Noble/File Photo
Net exports contributed 0.4 percentage points to quarterly growth, compared with earlier estimates of zero, and an inflationary squeeze on consumers may be easing, with real household disposable income up 1.6 percent in the latest quarter, the most since 2015.
Nonetheless, the broader picture remains one of consumers under pressure from a steep rise in inflation caused by the fall in the pound since last year's Brexit vote.
ADVERTISEMENT
Disposable income has fallen year-on-year for the last four quarters, the longest period since 2011.
Overall quarterly GDP growth was unrevised at 0.3 percent, and the services sector - which makes up 80 percent on the economy - contracted by 0.2 percent in July.
Separately, mortgage lender Nationwide said house prices - a bellwether for consumer demand - rose at their slowest rate in four years this month, and the Bank of England said mortgage approvals fell in August.
"It would be unprecedented for the central bank to tighten policy with the data pointing to such anaemic economic growth," Chris Williamson, chief economist at financial data company IHS Markit, said.
"However, policymakers continue to fuel expectations that interest rates will rise soon in response to higher-than-expected inflation," he said.
President Donald Trump accused the media of failing to report incidents of radical Islamic terrorism during a speech to the American military at MacDill Air Force Base.
Trump pointed out that Islamic State terrorists were “on a campaign of genocide” and were striking within the United States and throughout Europe.
“It's gotten to a point where it's not even being reported,” Trump said during his speech. “And in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn't want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that.”
Trump's remarks drew instant condemnation from reporters, who appeared appalled that he would accuse them of covering up terrorism.
“This is either delusional or intended to whip up hysteria. There is no third explanation,” wrote former Obama senior adviser David Axelrod on Twitter. “And neither is good.”
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Air Force One that Trump was referring to their editorial decisions on covering terrorism.
“He felt members of the media don't always cover some of those events to the extent that other events might get covered,” Spicer explained. “Protests will get blown out of the water, and yet an attack or a foiled attack doesn't necessarily get the same coverage.”
Spicer said that he would provide a “list” of the media's failures at a later date.
“There are a lot of instances that have occurred where I don't think they've gotten the coverage it deserved,” he said.
The construction of the railway bridge will create a new transport corridor between Russia and China and lift infrastructural limits on shipment transportation from the new deposits developed in Eastern Siberia and Russia's Far East.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev tasked Minister of Transport Maksim Sokolov with taking measures by May 5, 2015, to begin the construction of the Russian part of the railway bridge to China across the Amur River, the Russian government reported.
"Minister of Transport Maksim Sokolov is in charge of taking measures to begin the construction of the railroad bridge across the Amur River near the Russian-Chinese border in the Jewish Autonomous Region," the report said.
It was reported that the construction of the first bridge across the Amur River would start in 2015. Previously it was planned to begin it in 2014.
The construction of the railway bridge will create a new transport corridor between Russia and China and lift infrastructural limits on shipment transportation from the new deposits developed in Eastern Siberia and Russia's Far East.
The railway crossing will also enhance the cargo capacity and competitiveness of Russian producers and exporters in the region. It will shorten the distance between product and customer by approximately 700 kilometers in comparison with other exporting railway routes.
Puebla, Mexico - Cholula is a seemingly unremarkable village three hours from Mexico City, the capital of Mexico. But it has one claim to fame: a large hill that awkwardly bulges out from the surrounding plains. There is more to this hill than what first meets the eye, however. In actuality, it is a massive pre-Columbian pyramid structure, almost twice the size of the largest of Egypt's Giza pyramids.
"The fact that the pyramid was abandoned [before the Spanish conquest] and was naturally converted into a natural-looking hill through erosion meant that it wasn't known that it was a human construction until relatively recently," explained Michael Smith, a professor in anthropology at Arizona State University.
The structure is known as the Great Pyramid of Cholula. It is so immense that generations of Mexican archaeologists dismissed it as a natural formation.
It's estimated to be well over 2,000 years old, but locals worry its end may be near.
The local community and activists have been opposing government-led development projects in the area intended to attract and cater to a new tourism industry.
"It's like putting a convenience store on Machu Picchu; it's totally ridiculous," Maria Refugio Paisano Rodriguez from the protest group, Cholula: Viva y Digna ('Alive and Dignified'), expressed her frustration to Al Jazeera.
For over two years, her organisation has been fighting against a redevelopment plan, which they say will devastate the pyramid's delicate foundations.
IN PICTURES: Sudan's forgotten Nubian pyramids
The project threatening the pyramid
Residents first learned of the massive development plans for their village a few years ago. During a council meeting in September of 2014, as the community gathered in a small, musty office, packed shoulder to shoulder, Mayor Leoncio Paisano Arias presented the Park of Seven Cultures project.
A projector flickered to life, and the village residents were given a virtual tour through what would become their new town. In the sleek 3-D presentation, the traditional old family homes and neat rows of cornfields behind the pyramid vanished. In their place, sprawling parking lots were packed with SUVs.
The camera soared over a pyramid surrounded by a tight belt of flashy tourist bars, up-market restaurants and even an artificial lake. As the projector hummed, the crowd grew restless.
Finally, someone shouted: "This is horrible!"
There was another shout, then another. Cholula's typically placid locals had kicked their chairs over, stood up and their voices escalated. Soon, those shouts turned into a chant, "No, don't start it!"
Eventually, one local resident, Adan Xicale, emerged as a spokesperson for the furious crowd. Addressing the mayor, Xicale said the construction project would ruin the town and called on the government to ditch it.
"There is no higher authority than the people," he said.
Xicale was later imprisoned for over a year. A local human rights group, the Human Rights Commission of Puebla State, condemned his imprisonment.
Since that meeting, protests against the construction project have repeatedly erupted in Cholula, but activists say they are increasingly facing harassment at the hands of local police.
One activist, Tania Romero Castillo, said, "We were just [distributing flyers] when a police patrol showed up … and they detained us."
She said she got off lucky. They were only held for a few hours before being released without charges. But their flyers were confiscated.
The local police department did not respond to numerous Al Jazeera efforts to solicit a comment regarding these allegations.
Redevelopment
Yet the municipal and state governments have a very different take on the redevelopment plan. Both the Cholula mayor's office and Puebla state tourism board have argued the project will bring new life to the village, including more tourism and better jobs.
Aside from a handful of activists, according to Mexico's Secretary of Culture Rafael Tovar y de Teresa, the overwhelming majority of the community supports the initiative.
"People are already coming to enjoy the park … and they know that we are not damaging or taking away their heritage," he told the Milenio newspaper in July.
But not everyone is convinced this will be the case.
One of the world's leading experts on the Cholula pyramid, Dr Geoffrey McCafferty of the University of Calgary has been studying the site for over two decades. He says construction workers have already damaged chunks of the archaeological site, including areas never excavated by researchers.
He pointed to two specific areas. The first was once a psychiatric hospital built to the northeast of the main pyramid over a century ago. He suspects the ruins beneath the hospital may have once been the lavishly decorated homes belonging to Cholula's wealthy pre-Columbian elite.
"All the construction work they're doing there is damaging parts of the pyramid that have been well preserved for more than 100 years, because the hospital had been on top of it. Now, with the construction going on, it's digging into part of the site that's never been recorded properly," he said.
He also highlighted the construction of a lightrail station just metres from the pyramid, which has already gouged a trench into another unexcavated pre-Columbian platform.
McCafferty isn't the only one raising alarm bells.
A coalition of local researchers and civil society leaders have issued an appeal to UNESCO in 2015 that included documents and photographs with allegations of massive damage to the archaeological site.
What about preservation?
The National Institute of Anthropology and History (INAH) is mandated to oversee the research and preservation of Mexico's archaeological sites. If a government body or company wants to carry out any construction on land designated as having archaeological significance, it must obtain authorisation from INAH before breaking ground.
Yet, INAH's stance on the Cholula redevelopment has been mired in controversy. The government initially vowed to carry out the project in full cooperation with INAH. However, it wasn't until November 2016 that the government finally confirmed it had received authorisation from INAH -
Moreover, the government has maintained that it does not need INAH authorisation for much of the construction already undertaken - which, it claims, falls outside the officially recognised archaeological zone.
McCafferty said this is also problematic because the ruins likely stretch far beyond the official zone.
"Something that you need to understand is that the ceremonial zone is not just the pyramid that's visible today," he said, arguing recent research has suggested the actual size of the archaeological site could be double the officially recognised area.
"Anywhere you dig in Cholula, you'll find archaeological evidence," he said.
Despite the new research, construction was continuing at the time of writing. Numerous Al Jazeera attempts to solicit a response from Cholula government representatives and the local tourism board were unanswered.
RELATED: Skeletons of Aztec nobility found in Mexico
In September, new construction began on a plaza on the southern flank of the pyramid. Heavily armed police kept protesters at bay, and the trucks roared in. The fields that locals had once used to grow corn and flowers were bulldozed.
The earth was flattened out, and later, layered with concrete. When Al Jazeera returned to the site two months later, the plaza had already been dilapidated.
"Look at all these weeds. It's ugly to us, and I'm sure to the tourists too," one local farmer complained, adding that he couldn't understand why the plaza had been built in the first place.
With the plaza now complete, the pyramid is almost entirely surrounded by a ring of concrete. Paisano conceded the future of the site looks grim.
"There are so many interests invoked in the project," she said, arguing out the construction plan had become a cash cow for both the municipal and state governments. Along with potentially lucrative tax revenue, the project has also brought fresh funding at the federal level.
In 2015 alone, the federal tourism secretariat agreed to hand over 70 million pesos ($3.5m) in funding for the Cholula redevelopment. The same amount was also offered by the state government.
Individual politicians are also getting in on the action, with Mexican newspaper La Jornada Oriente reporting in October that former federal legislator Julio Cesar Lorenzini Rangel had constructed a three-storey hotel just metres from the pyramid.
Yet no matter how much money invested into the redevelopment, Paisano Rodriguez thinks the project will fail to deliver on tourist numbers.
"This is a project for taxes. No one here wants it," she said.
McCafferty agreed, warning that one of the world's greatest archaeological treasures would be doomed to a slow death in obscurity.
He sighed. "As with many kinds of development, once they get started, who's to stop it?"
This is a great Tactical RTS, it has everything it needs to be a ton of great fun!
Starting with the Gameplay, it's supreme. If your used to games like Starcraft or Warcraft that rely heavily on clicks per minute and heavy use of skills and macro keys, then this game may be a great change of pace, the name of this game is tactical positioning and intelligent use of resources.
Instead of the standard Collect Currency, Collect Resource, Spend Resource+Currency on Unit, Send Mob of Units to Enemy Base, Win formula, it changes things up quite a bit by requiring you to move around the map and take territories. This prevents players from sticking to their base and always requires you to be making a move, either by shoring up your defenses to hold key points or flanking around your enemy to take their territories!
It's a truly rewarding experience to outsmart your opponent instead of out-clicking them, it's not about which unit is more powerful, it's about which one is using cover strategically, is using their resources intelligently and using flanks and armor the right way.
Resource management is a key part of winning skirmishes. You don't mind for currency, instead, by controlling "Flags" around the map, you gain resources such as Manpower, Fuel and Munitions, Manpower is your standard currency, used in most situations, such as buying new buildings, units and such. Fuel is used mostly for armored vehicles, this puts a hard limit on how much armor can be on the map at any one time. Smaller maps may have one or two key fuel points, making them very important, while other maps have much more, so smart placement of anti-tank teams becomes crucial. Munitions is for most of your units special abilities.
Most special abilities require a set amount of munitions and have a cooldown timer, this achieves two things. You can't spam them and using them uses resources. So by throwing a grenade which costs 50 munitions, you may not have enough to activate your Rangers Spring ability to get them out of danger, this losing the more expensive unit.
The game is definitely worth it, but I recommend waiting for a sale on the Game of the Year Edition, it comes with two great expansion packs and is worth every penny!
Latest News
Blake hoodies on sale! Winter is coming! We have black Blake hoodies on sale now in the school office for $20, cash only. We have limited quantities and sizes available, but we do have order forms available.
Box Tops to Support Blake Academy Clipping Box Tops is an easy way to support Blake Academy. Please send all Box tops to school by October 26! Click here to see all the great products that support Box Tops for Education.
Meet our new Principal Blake Academy is proud to introduce our new principal, Dr. Ruth Reimer. Dr. Reimer grew up in Lakeland. She received her bachelor's degree from the University of Florida, her Master's from Nova Southeastern University and her Doctorate from National Louis University. She has worked for Polk County schools for 17 years. She is married and has five children and two grandchildren. She loves the beach and watching college football (especially the Florida Gators). She says “I am excited to meet the students, staff, and families at Blake Academy and I'm looking forward to learning about all of the great things that make Blake an awesome place to be.”
Dress Code at Blake Academy The Uniform Dress Code does not allow for clothing with colored trim, stripes, embroidery, decoration, etc. It also does not provide for overalls (overalls with pants or shorts), sweat pants, knit pants/skirts, etc. Bottoms: khaki/tan or blue jeans shorts, pants, skorts, skirts, skirted jumpers
khaki/tan pants or shorts are to be worn Monday – Thursday
jeans may be worn on Friday only unless otherwise specified
must be plain, solid-color twill, corduroy or denim fabric
Pants will be hemmed-no cut-offs or frayed edges-free from tears
NO holes or cut offs allowed. Tops: Collared Burgundy polo with Blake emblem for K-5 Tops: Collared Sapphire polo with Blake emblem for 6-8 must have long or short sleeves
knit polo-type
Blake Friday t-shirts are OK on Friday (available through the school office) Other dress code rules a belt is required if the garment has belt loops
if the garment has belt loops shirts (including t-shirts) must be tucked in
hooded sweatshirts and jackets are allowed but must be free from designs– Black only
be free from designs– Black only shorts/skirts must be mid-thigh or longer
clothing or footwear that is construed by the principal or designee as hazardous or dangerous to the health of the student or others can be prohibited
clothes must be appropriate size, with waist of garment worn at student's waist; clothing that is too tight or too loose is not appropriate for school
school administrators will determine if clothing is appropriate for school and complies with district rules
MANDATORY tennis shoes on Physical Education days
tennis shoes on Physical Education days Natural hair color only
Student IDs must be worn and visible around the neck
Shoes must be closed toed and closed heel If you have any questions regarding our dress code, please feel free to contact the main office at (863) 499-2870.
No cell phones at Blake! In an effort to minimize distractions and increase learning, this year at Blake all cell phones and other electronic devices are to be away in a backpack while on campus. Electronics may be used for educational purposes during class if the teacher has allowed it. Any emergency communications can be made by calling the office.
ACCEL accelerated information Accelerated Programs | Staff | Polk County Public Schools All Polk County Public Schools provide educational options that provide academically challenging curriculum or accelerated instruction to all eligible K-12 students and inform parents and students of these options. As defined by this legislation, Academically Challenging Curriculum to Enhance Learning (ACCEL) options must include: whole grade and mid-year promotion
subject matter acceleration
virtual instruction in higher level grade subjects
a high school Credit Acceleration Program (CAP) via End of Course Exams (EOC) Parent/Guardian must contact their child's school to submit a Request for Academic Acceleration form prior to June 11th to request acceleration screening for placement the following school year.
With demonetisation affecting at large across the country with a Rs 2,50,000 caps on withdrawal for weddings, a former bureaucrat has questioned VVIP wedding extravaganzas.
E.A.S. Sarma, a bureaucrat who retired as a secretary to Government of India, shot letters to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi and also the Enforcement Directorate .
He pointed out the lavish spending at several weddings, including those of daughters of Union Ministers Mahesh Sharma, Nitin Gadkari, and Karnataka politician G.
"I have written three letters to the Prime Minister, one to Finance Minister (Arun Jaitley) and to Rahul Gandhi. I have not got any reply yet," Sarma told IANS.
He said he had sought a probe into the source of money for Reddy's daughter's wedding before it took place but it was not carried out.
"There was no investigation, and after the marriage was over, a junior team went but it gave a clean chit to Reddy," Sarma said.
A twist in the tale came when a 30-year-old driver of a Special Land Acquisition Officer (SLAO) of Bengaluru committed suicide accusing in his suicide note that the officer had helped Reddy convert old notes into new currency ahead of his daughter's wedding.
According to Sarma, around Rs 100 crore was converted.
"They have arrested the officer who colluded with Reddy, but they should have probed it before the wedding took place," he said.
Sarma, a 1965 batch IAS officer of the Andhra Pradesh cadre, who got 26 transfers in his 35-year tenure, in his different letters pointed out at the lavish weddings, comparing them with those of common citizen.
Hundreds of commoners were compelled to cancel following the note ban due to cash shortage.
"Apparently, there is one set of rules and standards for NDA ministers and another set for the common man on the street," Sarma said in one of his letter to the Prime Minister.
"As a result of the prevailing cash crisis, many families have put off their scheduled Many other weddings have broken down. But, Gali Janardhana Reddy, Mahesh Sharma and Gadkari feel no crisis whatsoever, as they seem to have the blessings of bigwigs from both BJP and the NDA," the letter said.
"While your ministers are indulging in such unhealthy extravagance, is it not ironic that you yourself should exhort the common man to stand in queues to uphold your grandiose mission to fight against black money?" the letter said.
In another letter to the Prime Minister, Sarma mentioned the suicide by the driver and said: " What distresses me is that, despite my cautionary letters addressed to you, the Finance Minister, the Union Revenue Secretary, the Enforcement Director and CBI Director, all the central agencies seem to have deferred raids on Reddy's premises till he had successfully laundered the black cash holdings and allowed the local officers to give him a "clean" chit."
"Modiji, while the demonetisation mission launched by you is a commendable step forward, if it is established that your government is complicit in letting the money launderers off the hook, the credibility of what you have done in the name of demonetisation will certainly come under public scrutiny," Sarma said.
Seeking a full fledged investigation, the former bureaucrat also said that if the government does not act, he will seek "judicial intervention".
"If you do not act quickly and firmly on these letters of mine, I will be constrained to seek judicial intervention, as every citizen in this country has the right to question the basics of governance," he said.
In his letter to Rahul Gandhi, the former bureaucrat pointed out at the presence of Congress leaders at the wedding.
Known as an honest and upright bureaucrat, Sarma, while serving in Andhra Pradesh in 1994-95, had opposed Telugu Desam Party government's plan to set up power plants without any competitive bidding.
When he could not overrule the government, he went on leave and later applied for a central posting.
A post-graduate in nuclear physics from the Andhra University and in public administration from the Harvard University, Sarma, in 2000, quit the finance ministry over differences in the public policy issues with the Atal Behari Vajpayee-led NDA government.
Post demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes announced by the Prime Minister on November 8, limits were imposed on cash withdrawals from ATMs and banks.
At present there is a limit of Rs 2,500 for ATM withdrawals per day and Rs 24,000 for bank withdrawals per week.
For families with weddings, the withdrawal limit is Rs 2,50,000.
However, there were reports of weddings being cancelled across the country due to the cash crunch.
An Australian man who allegedly robbed a bank in Wyoming testified that his actions were justified because he gave money to the homeless.
Corey Donaldson, 39, reportedly stole $140,000 from a Jackson Hole Bank on New Year's Eve. Representing himself in federal court, Donaldson claimed he was redistributing the wealth.
"Since the banks had been bailed out and the people had not, I was going to confiscate money from US Bank in Jackson, Wyoming, and redistribute it to the poor and homeless in America. And that's what I did," he said.
Last week, a U.S. District judge told Donaldson he could not argue before the jury that his actions were justified.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The branch manager of the bank, Jared Thomas Williams, testified that he met with Donaldson the day of the bank robbery. He alleged Donaldson told him that Mexican cartel members were outside of the bank and would blow it up if he didn't hand over $2 million in cash.
"There were four military-grade explosives that had been buried in the snow, and they were prepared to detonate them," Williams claimed Donaldson had told him.
Donaldson said he became homeless last year and was disgusted by how many people he met on the street who had been disenfranchised by banks who repossessed their homes. "If you knew there were foreclosed people on the streets who feel that way every day, how would you feel about it?" Donaldson asked Williams during cross-examination. The judge instructed Williams not to answer.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Having grown up in Melbourne as one of 11 children, Donaldson is now a legal resident of the United States. He was arrested in late January when authorities identified him on surveillance footage. Investigators recovered about $30,000 of the loot during his arrest.
His longtime friend, Kevin Lee Day, was also arrested. He said Donaldson gave him $8,000 after the robbery. He was emotional during his testimony, claiming the cash came at a good time for him.
Sources: MSN, Sky News
undefined
The 49ers are expected to be among six teams interested in Texans free agent cornerback A.J. Bouye, according to a report from the Houston Chronicle.
Among the teams expected to be extremely competitive for A.J. Bouye: Texans, Titans, Jaguars, Colts, 49ers, Browns — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) March 7, 2017
Bouye (6-0, 191), is considered one of the most desirable defensive backs on the market. He allowed quarterbacks to complete just over 50 percent of passes thrown his way for a rating of 58.5 in 2016, per Pro Football Focus.
The 25-year-old has good size (6-0, 191) and made six interceptions over his last three seasons. He joined Houston as an undrafted free agent in 2013 from Central Florida.
Related 49ers release veteran safety Antoine Bethea
The 49ers might have an opening at corner if they move Jimmie Ward to safety next season. San Francisco on Tuesday released veteran safety Antoine Bethea and has some $103 million in cap room, among the most in the NFL, and is expected to be aggressive in free agency.
The team has just 57 players signed for 2017 and 10 picks in April's NFL draft. The 49ers have invested draft picks in seven cornerbacks in the last three years. Still with the team are Ward, Will Redmond, Rashard Robinson, Dontae Johnson, Keith Reaser and Prince Charles Iworah.
Tramaine Brock has been a full-time starter since getting a new contract in 2013. The team signed K'Waun Williams last month to compete for a roster spot covering the slot.
Shahid Afridi was in his teens when he crossed 2000 runs in ODIs © Getty Images
Alex Hales scored 99 in an ODI the other day, to go with one in a Twenty20 international. Has anyone else made 99s in more than one international format? asked Lakshmi Narayanan from India
Alex Hales' 99 in the second one-day international against South Africa in Port Elizabeth over the weekend made him the 18th player to have been dismissed for 99 more than once in international cricket. Of those, Geoff Boycott was out for 99 in a Test and an ODI - and also once made 99 not out in a Test. Stephen Fleming of New Zealand, Australia's Matthew Hayden and AB de Villiers of South Africa have also fallen one short in both Tests and ODIs. Richie Richardson (West Indies) was out for 99 twice in Tests, and made 99 not out in an ODI. Zimbabwe's Alistair Campbell, Dean Jones of Australia and India's Virender Sehwag were all out for 99 in Tests, and made 99 not out in ODIs. Sachin Tendulkar was out for 99 three times - all in ODIs. Mike Atherton, Greg Blewett, Sourav Ganguly, Simon Katich, Saleem Malik, MJK Smith and John Wright all made two Test 99s, while Sanath Jayasuriya was twice out for 99 in ODIs. Hale remains the only man so far to be out for 99 in a T20I (against West Indies at Trent Bridge in 2012), although his England team-mate Luke Wright finished with 99 not out against Afghanistan in Colombo later in 2012.
In the first ODI between South Africa and England both wicketkeepers scored a century. Is this unique? asked Siddhartha Kapila from India
Last week's match in Bloemfontein - in which Jos Buttler made 105 and Quinton de Kock 138 not out - was actually the sixth time that both wicketkeepers had scored centuries in the same one-day international. The first occasion was in Jaipur in 2005-06, when Kumar Sangakkara's undefeated 138 for Sri Lanka was trumped by MS Dhoni's 183 not out for India. In August 2007 in Harare AB de Villiers and Tatenda Taibu traded 107s for South Africa and Zimbabwe (Taibu was not out), and de Villiers was at it again in Johannesburg in 2011-12, scoring 125 not out against Sri Lanka, for whom Sangakkara countered with 102. In a World Cup qualifier in Lincoln in New Zealand in January 2014, Wesley Barresi hit 137 not out for the Netherlands, and Kenya's Irfan Karim replied with 108. And at Lord's in 2014, Sangakkara made 112 while Buttler cracked 121.
Quinton de Kock reached 2000 runs in the first ODI against England. Is he the youngest to get there? asked Michael Malan from South Africa
At 23 years 48 days, Quinton de Kock is the youngest South African to reach 2000 runs in one-day internationals, undercutting Jacques Kallis by 114 days, or about four months. But de Kock lies only 12th on the overall list: Shahid Afridi was just 19 years 111 days old when he reached 2000 runs in 1999, while Tamim Iqbal and Sachin Tendulkar were both 20. De Kock reached 2000 in his 53rd innings, the third-quickest for South Africa after Hashim Amla (easily the fastest of anyone, in only 40 innings) and Gary Kirsten (50). De Kock's century was his ninth in ODIs, in his 53rd innings; only Amla has reached nine in fewer innings (52).
MS Dhoni and Kumar Sangakkara were the first set of keepers to score hundreds in the same ODI, in Jaipur, 2005 Sebastian D'Souza / © AFP
Was England's 399 for 9 at Bloemfontein the highest ODI total not to feature a century partnership? asked Anand from the United States
The highest partnership in England's big score in Bloemfontein last week was 97, between Joe Root and Jos Buttler for the third wicket. And you're right, 399 is the highest ODI total not to include a century stand. The previous record was set only in June, when the biggest partnership in England's 365 for 9 against New Zealand at The Oval was 96, by Buttler and Eoin Morgan. Before that, the mark stood at 358 for 6, by New Zealand against Canada in the 2011 World Cup in Mumbai (the highest partnership also 96).
Josh Hazlewood played his 16th ODI on February 6, and still hasn't scored any runs. Is this a record? asked Jimmy Haslam from Australia
Josh Hazlewood still has a little way to go to break this particular record, which is held by another Australian fast bowler. Left-armer Doug Bollinger didn't score a run till his 20th one-day international, coincidentally also in New Zealand, in 2009-10. It was only his third innings, though; Hazlewood has had two - both 0 not outs - in his first 16 ODIs. Sreesanth, the Indian paceman, didn't score his first run until his 16th ODI, in May 2006. In T20Is the record is held by Krishmar Santokie, the West Indian left-arm medium-pacer, who played 12 matches, batted just once … and made 0 not out.
Is it true that Australia have never won an ODI when they were bowled out inside 50 overs? asked Kiran from India
That one is emphatically not true. Australia have won 24 one-day internationals despite being bowled out after batting first (the list includes three matches in which the tenth wicket fell to the last ball of the 50th over). This particular result seems to be an Asian specialty: India and Sri Lanka have both won 30 ODIs after being bowled out batting first, and Pakistan 28. New Zealand have managed it 17 times, England, South Africa and West Indies 14, Bangladesh 10 and Zimbabwe nine. Associate teams have done it 17 times (Ireland and Kenya four each).
Send in your questions using our feedback form.
Steven Lynch is the editor of the updated edition of Wisden on the Ashes
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Advertisement
A budget Android Lollipop smartphone from a relatively unknown brand probably isn't your usual first choice for an upgrade. Indeed, it might – superficially at least – seem like a downgrade. But are you ignoring some decent hardware with this type of thinking?
We've taken a look at an Android device that has been generating some good reviews – is it really as strong as these reviews suggest? Or is this affordable handset merely a challenger to the midrange efforts of large manufacturers like Sony and Samsung?
UMI eMAX mini 4G Unlocked Cell Phone 5.0 inch FHD IPS Screen Android 5.0 Smart Phone, MSM8939 Octa Core 1.5GHz, ROM 16GB+RAM 2GB, 8.0MP+13MP (Black) UMI eMAX mini 4G Unlocked Cell Phone 5.0 inch FHD IPS Screen Android 5.0 Smart Phone, MSM8939 Octa Core 1.5GHz, ROM 16GB+RAM 2GB, 8.0MP+13MP (Black) Buy Now on Amazon
The Umi eMax Mini is lightweight and delivers the Android 5.0 Lollipop Android 5.0 Lollipop: What It Is And When You'll Get It Android 5.0 Lollipop: What It Is And When You'll Get It Android 5.0 Lollipop is here, but only on Nexus devices. What exactly is new about this operating system, and when can you expect it to arrive on your device? Read More experience with the usual iOS-inspired UI design found on Chinese smartphones. But is it worth your while? At the end of this review, we'll be giving our test unit away to one lucky reader!
Unboxing the eMax Mini
We've seen some ostentatious smartphone packaging lately, most notably the Huawei P8 with its retro disc drive-style plastic box Huawei P8 Review and Giveaway Huawei P8 Review and Giveaway Chinese smartphone manufacturer Huawei has released a 64-bit variant of the Huawei P8, available unlocked for just under $600. But why would you choose this over, say, a Samsung Galaxy S6? Read More . But as you would expect from a budget Chinese smartphone, little expense has been made on the initial presentation.
Inside the 1990s-style, silver-grey, 6-by-6 sleeve, is a slightly smaller black box, within which you'll find the Umi eMax Mini. Hard foam packaging separates the phone, charger and USB cable, while a brief leaflet highlights the camera, flashlight, sensors, camera, and so on.
This is not to say that the unboxing is disappointing; rather, it is brief and lets you get to grips with the phone straightaway.
What's Inside the Umi EMax Mini?
An octa-core Snapdragon 615 CPU sits at the heart of the 139.8 x 69.6 x 8.9mm Android Lollipop-powered eMax Mini, bringing 64-bit architecture What Is 64-bit Computing? What Is 64-bit Computing? The packaging of a computer or computer hardware is crowded with technical terms and badges. One of the more prominent ones is 64-bit. Read More into the sub $200 bracket. In tandem is the once-ubiquitous Adreno 405 GPU, 16 GB ROM and 2 GB RAM. Output is via a 5.0 inch FHD IPS OGS display – more on that below.
We're giving away the dual SIM option; old style SIM cards are required for this device, so if you're buying or are lucky enough to win, you'll need adaptors or new SIMs from your providers. Where 4G LTE is available, this phone is capable of high speed mobile Internet.
The cameras on the eMax Mini are 13 MP main and 8 MP secondary. Neither is outstanding, but at the same time, they don't disappoint either.
The eMax Mini is listed as having Eyerprint scanner technology for retinal unlocking, however we were unable to find the means of activating and using this; certainly there was no obvious app or setting, so it seems likely that this feature was dropped, or it remains purely for the larger Umi eMax.
Unusually for smartphones in 2015, the eMax Mini has a removable backplate, which is how the dual SIM What Are Dual SIM Phones, And Do You Need One? What Are Dual SIM Phones, And Do You Need One? Ever heard of dual SIM phones? My guess is you probably have. I can also guess you know what dual SIM phones are; after all, it's not very hard to understand that a dual SIM... Read More slots and microSD slot are accessed. The 3,050mAh battery is also revealed, however this is non-removable, and as such not replaceable.
Performance and Battery Life
The low hardware requirements of the phone have a good impact on battery life. After the initial charge, the handset sat for three days on standby, without losing more than 30% of battery life.
An unusual quirk with this phone is that that wireless – supposedly 802.11 b/g/n (as noted above) –slower than you would expect. Compared to my Nexus 5 (2013) Google Nexus 5 Review and Giveaway Google Nexus 5 Review and Giveaway Approximately a year after Google released the Nexus 4, the company behind Android has come out with its successor -- the Nexus 5. Read More I would estimate the Umi eMax Mini's wireless speed is about 60%.
This brings us to benchmarking. Antutu Benchmark presents a very low result, around half that of the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Don't plan on doing anything much more extreme than making calls, social networking and web browsing!
Daily Use: Does the Umi EMax Mini Feel Like a Phone?
Chinese smartphone manufacturers seem obsessed by Apple. This is wholly obvious in the Umi eMax Mini, with the default UI presenting a collection of iOS-style icons. Beyond this, the UI seems to be very close to stock Android 5.0 Lollipop.
One thing that stands out about this phone is the display. Often unresponsive with a cheap, plasticy feel, it harks back to the cheaper resistive touchscreen phones and tablets rather than the slick usability of the modern capacitive touchscreens (what's the difference? Capacitive vs. Resistive Touchscreens: What Are the Differences? Capacitive vs. Resistive Touchscreens: What Are the Differences? Capacitive and resistive touchscreen devices are everywhere these days, but what's the difference and how do they work? Read More ).
OGS (One Glass Solution) technology is employed here, a technique which aims to cut the cost of capacitive displays by removing one of the layers of glass and replacing it with a thin insulating material. However the IPS OGS Full lamination technology just doesn't deliver.
This is clearly a disadvantage.
I suspect we all encounter a couple of responsiveness issues each day using smartphones, regardless of their model or manufacturer. Here, though, the problem is utterly frustrating. Like going back in time and finding that the world is a nicer place except for the lack of microwave meals, the mock-resistive touch screen is a poor choice that could send the user scurrying back to whatever smartphone they migrated from.
Another UI related problem is in the phone hardware. Unlike most Android 5.0 Lollipop devices, the Umi eMax Mini doesn't offer software buttons. Instead, the Back/Home/Recents buttons are hardware, and while this isn't a problem, the way they are implemented is troublesome.
Instead of baring button icons or being permanently illuminated, the buttons are largely anonymous, the LEDs only lighting up if you manage to precisely tap the button you're aiming for. In daylight this isn't too great a problem; in the dark, however, it makes using the phone quite difficult, as your eyesight is overwhelmed by the display brightness.
Apps and Gaming Experience
It's always worth testing out a new phone with your favorite apps to make sure that it makes the grade. I've installed Twitter, Feedly Feedly: The Fast and Easy Way to Read RSS Feeds on Android Feedly: The Fast and Easy Way to Read RSS Feeds on Android What was once just a mediocre RSS app for Android has become one of the fastest, sleekest, and outright best on the Play Store. Read More and Temple Run on this device to get an idea of the level of performance I can expect. This isn't to gauge any form of official benchmarking, merely to get an idea of how I would feel about this phone with daily use.
First up, I tried Temple Run. It plays quite well, and although the issues with the display affect the gaming experience, I lasted far longer than I expected.
Next, I moved onto Feedly. Syncing was as quick as you might expect, and sharing was also quick. Indeed, I shared directly into Twitter, which handled the data without any problems. Running Twitter independently, the expected performance was also present.
Now, often I have more extreme requirements from a smartphone; at the very least, rooting. Sadly, it seems as though there is a big question mark over whether this is possible, and how reliable it is to unlock the bootloader, root, and install a custom ROM with this device.
Overall, performance seems to be more than adequate for standard email, browsing, social networking and light gaming use.
Using the Camera
The 13 MP main and 8 MP secondary cameras are adequate, and although the MP rating is high for a budget camera, there is nothing in the software that supports or builds on this. All we get is a variation on the stock camera app, but this does include an automatic mode switching between HDR, panorama, time-lapse photography, barcode/QR code scanning and software for making faces beautiful.
In its favor, however, the software switches quickly between front and back cameras, should you fancy a fast selfie.
The shots here demonstrate the differences between the 2013 Nexus 5 camera, and the UMI eMax Mini. There's a wintry dullness to the image on the right, as well as a flatter focus. However, the photographic hardware is clearly there, and with a camera-focused firmware update and a more sophisticated app, the photo on the left could end up being a lot closer to the one on the right.
Should You Buy the Umi EMax Mini?
High end, “flagship” Android smartphones have struggled of late not to disappear into their own self-importance. Having a great camera is a bonus; being able to watch streaming video and videogames is also a massive advantage, and if that's all you're looking for, plus a build quality to make your friends and colleagues drool, then opting for a Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and Gear VR Review and Giveaway Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and Gear VR Review and Giveaway Samsung sells more Android devices than any other manufacturer, and thanks to some aggressive marketing, the Galaxy brand is almost synonymous with Android. Read More or Xperia Z5 is probably your best option.
UMI eMAX mini 4G Unlocked Cell Phone 5.0 inch FHD IPS Screen Android 5.0 Smart Phone, MSM8939 Octa Core 1.5GHz, ROM 16GB+RAM 2GB, 8.0MP+13MP (Black) UMI eMAX mini 4G Unlocked Cell Phone 5.0 inch FHD IPS Screen Android 5.0 Smart Phone, MSM8939 Octa Core 1.5GHz, ROM 16GB+RAM 2GB, 8.0MP+13MP (Black) Buy Now on Amazon
Of course, it might not be what you're looking for. You might have budgetary issues; endless mobile games might be utterly irrelevant to you; your DSLR takes great photos 10 Great Ways to Save Time & Money And Get Great Results From Your DSLR 10 Great Ways to Save Time & Money And Get Great Results From Your DSLR Photography is an expensive hobby, and it doesn't get easier as you graduate upwards. Don't worry, beginners can take a lot away from the many photography tips and tricks on the Web. Read More already.
You might be a contrarian, never daring to bare your rebellious streak. And in all honesty, most people won't even care that it's not a Samsung or a Sony or a HTC.
Our verdict of the Umi eMax Mini :
The fact is, this is a perfectly good smartphone. Its build quality might not be hugely impressive and it might benchmark lower than you care to mention. But if you're looking for a functional phone with an element of the “smart” about it, and don't want to spend a small fortune (after all, you can buy a laptop PC for less than a flagship smartphone), and the quality of the build and the responsiveness of the touchscreen are not priorities, then the Umi eMax Mini might be exactly what you're looking for. 5 10
UMI eMAX Mini Giveaway
Send your products to be reviewed. Contact James Bruce for further details.
Once it was undergarments that over-excited fans threw at their music idols, but at this year's GuilFest, one woman was so thrilled by the performance of a Robbie Williams' impersonator that she hurled her prosthetic leg at the ersatz chart-topper!
Heather Best lost her leg in “a stupid accident at work” in 2010, and until then, had enjoyed going to festivals. On Saturday, Best, who is a major fan of Robbie Williams, attended her first festival since the accident to see tribute act “Blobbie Williams.” So moved was she by Blobbie's singing (“He sings with a lovely voice,” she said), that Ms. Best removed her leg, waved it above her head, before throwing it “in his direction for him to then raise it in the air.”
“I'm here to have fun and to dance again,” she told Get Surrey.
“It's good to dance even if I only have one leg.”
Heather suggested she might also give Sunday's festival headliners a similar treat.
“I want to see the Human League,” she said. “I might even throw my leg at them if they are lucky.”
It's certainly good publicity for Heather, who is currently setting up a rehab center for horses in Bletchingley.
“I still ride and do show jumping and stuff,” she said. “I'm building a premise now to help any horse with injuries. Leg injuries are my speciality.”
It is unknown whether The Human League were “lucky” enough to elicit a similar response.
Via Get Surrey, H/T Arbroath
Police rule out possibility of it being a terrorist attack and arrested one man for the crime
Hong Kong police said 18 people were injured in an arson attack on a subway train during evening rush hour, with one man arrested.
Three people were in a critical condition after the incident at 7.15pm o nFriday, while police said they had seized suspected liquid fire accelerants from the scene. Police ruled out the possibility of a terrorist attack and said the man acted alone. Investigators were looking into his mental condition.
Video footage showed chaos on the platform of the packed Tsim Sha Tsui station, with a train carriage on fire and one man lying on the floor with his clothes ablaze as bystanders tried to help. Television news showed people with burn injuries as emergency personnel carried out rescue operations.
“I heard loud cries and the smell of the fumes didn't smell like a normal fire – it had a chemical smell,” an eyewitness identified as Mr Chow told reporters at the scene. “Once I inhaled it, it burned the throat,” Chow said, adding that people were rushing out of the station.
Britain accused of letting down Hong Kong democracy activists Read more
Police said they arrested a 60-year-old man surnamed Cheung for arson. “The mental condition of the arrested person is one of the directions of the police's investigation,” a government statement said.
A police source told the South China Morning Post (SCMP) the suspect was not on good terms with his family and had previously been arrested for minor crimes such as gambling. SCMP had earlier reported the man tried to light a Molotov cocktail and said “burn you to death” before he took out the bottle.
Local media said the suspect was also in critical condition but police would not confirm it.
The Tsim Sha Tsui station, which services a popular shopping and nightlife district, was evacuated following the incident with trains skipping the station on Friday night. It was reopened on Saturday morning.
The incident is a rare occurrence in the Asian finance hub where the transport network is known for its safety and efficiency.
In 2004 14 people were injured when a man started a fire in the subway's Admiralty station during the morning rush hour.
Hullabaloo
Tuesday, October 08, 2013
Default denialism
by digby
Salon asked the dimmest Senator an important question:
Q: So if we come to…October 16th and the debt ceiling has not been raised, should the markets be concerned at that point?
Ron Johnson: Not if you had a responsible administration. There would be no cause for concern. We have more than enough revenue flowing to the federal government, if the spending was properly prioritized, there's no reason whatsoever to default on any of the debt.
And I, I utterly reject the administration's claim that this isn't about new spending, that we're just paying off old bills. Well, well the reason you have to increase the debt ceiling is because of new deficit spending. If we weren't running deficits, if we weren't spending more than we were taking in, there would be no reason whatsoever toincrease the debt ceiling. So if you manage things properly – and listen, I'm a business guy, I've got to prioritize spending in all my business career to prevent my business from going bankrupt. The federal government has got to start doing that eventually as well.
Ok. But then we all know that Ron Johnson isn't the sharpest tool in the shed. he must be along, right? Well....
Dave Weigel decided to ask some other Senators their views on the possibility of default:
Senator Richard Burr:
"You gotta take Jack Lew at his word, but from the standpoint of [whether] that puts us in default, technically, no. The federal government still has about 85 percent of the revenues we spend coming in, and all they have to do is prioritize that they're gonna pay debt service first. And that leaves some prioritization for federal programs. I'm not as concerned as the president is on the debt ceiling, because the only people buying our bonds right now is the Federal Reserve. So it's like scaring ourselves."
Senator Orrin Hatch:
"I think the administration could work on who gets paid and who doesn't in a way that would pull us through. I don't think the markets have been spooked so far, and I personally believe that if they realized there was a legitimate attempt to make the government work, they would be less likely [to be spooked]." USA Today had this:
"I would dispel the rumor that is going around that you hear on every newscast, that if we don't raise the debt ceiling, we will default on our debt," said Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., Monday on CBS This Morning. "We won't. We'll continue to pay our interest."
This one remains the winner:
And Rep. Ted Yoho, R-Fla., even argues that reaching the debt limit could help the economy, by showing the world the U.S. is serious about its debt problem. "I think, personally, it would bring stability to the world markets," he told The Washington Post Monday. I just don't know what to say. But if they believe what they are saying, they are all cracked. As Krugman says:
You knew this would happen, didn't you? As we close in on the debt limit, with Obama insistent that he will not give in to hostage-taking, there is a growing chorus of voices on the right insisting that the whole debt limit thing is scare tactics from the administration, and that hitting the limit will be no big deal.
And the truth is that there is some real uncertainty about exactly what happens if we hit the ceiling. I think the administration has made a tactical error by putting all the weight of its warnings on the financial consequences; we might have a Lehman-type event, but we might not, and if it turns out not, the administration will have hurt its credibility. What sane people should be emphasizing is that in addition to the risk of financial disruption, there's the certainty of huge pain from spending cuts and a crippling hit to economic growth.
So, who are the default deniers? Actually, they come in three varieties.
The lower denial says that it's all a conspiracy — that any pain Americans feel will be because Obama wants them to feel pain. Dave Weigel has a good rundown on this attitude.
The higher denial involves asserting that the government can prioritize, so as to avoid a default on interest payments, that this would avoid damage to the financial system, and that this means that everything will be OK. This is what you're hearing, for example, from erstwhile respectable Republican economists, who have (surprise!) mostly fallen in line as the crisis looms. The crucial point here is that even if they're right about interest payments — which is unclear — the government will (a) still go into default on obligations to vendors, Social Security recipients, and so on (b) be forced into spending cuts so large as to guarantee a recession if the standoff lasts any length of time.
Finally, there's the special form of default denial coming from the deficit scolds. I noted yesterday that they cheered on the 2011 debt confrontation; they're not quite so rah-rah this time, but as Matthew Yglesias notes, they're still endorsing hostage tactics. From Fix the Debt:
Instead of engaging in dangerous and self-destructive political brinksmanship, our elected leaders should use this moment as an opportunity take steps to improve our fiscal condition. We urge lawmakers to stop focusing on issues unrelated to bringing down our dangerously high debt levels and instead pursue a fiscally responsible agenda that avoids default and puts in place a plan to bring down the debt as a share of the economy.
Yep, they're still fantasizing about a grand bargain, and are endorsing hostage tactics over the debt ceiling because they believe it can make their fantasy reality. It's kind of awesome. Everyone else is, I think, aware that Democrats will never accept a grand bargain without revenues and Republicans will never accept one with revenues; this latter point comes, in turn, from the reality that Republicans don't care about the debt and never did, they only pretended to as an excuse to slash social insurance programs. Yet the folks at Fix the Debt imagine that somehow the debt crisis — the crisis many Republicans are insisting is no big deal — can push everyone into the sacred Grand Bargain. Oh, and that all this can happen in the next 10 days or so.
Given all the forms of debt denial, I really wonder about the confidence many people still have that there will be an 11th-hour resolution.
.
digby 10/08/2013 10:30:00 AM
Populations of wild birds in the UK are falling dramatically with even slight recent recoveries apparently stalled, government figures showed today.
Only seabird populations remain comfortably above 1970 levels, while farmland bird numbers continue to plunge from a brief mid-1970s peak to half those of 40 years ago.
Habitat changes responsible for fewer nesting sites and food shortages were blamed last summer for sharp English farmbird losses but the reasons for the decline in woodland birds are less clear, according to the RSPB.
However research led by the British Trust for Ornithology has suggested agricultural intensification has also hit birds favouring wet grassland and moorland. Less vegetation cover and scrub, overgrazing by deer, more drainage of nearby farmland and changing winter climate may all be factors in the woodland bird decline.
Some farmland birds, such as the grey partridge, turtle dove, starling, tree sparrow, corn bunting and yellow wagtail have declined by over 70% over the period of official monitoring based on annual surveys of breeding sites and other data relating to 121 species. But wood pigeon and jackdaw populations have doubled and stock dove and greenfinch numbers risen by 50%.
Among woodland birds, huge falls have been recorded for wood warbler, willow tit, tree pipit, lesser spotted woodpecker, blackbird, dunnock, song thrush and tawny owl, among others. Yet black cap, great spotted woodpecker, green woodpecker, nuthatch and long-tailed tit are thriving.
Overall figures for water and wetland birds, where comparative figures have existed only since the mid-1970s, have been more stable, although here too there are successes and failures. Species that are used to slow flowing and standing water have increased by 73%, while the index for those preferring wet grassland has fallen by 56% and those favouring fast-flowing water is 17% down. Reedbed birds – including reed warbler and reed bunting – have shown a general recovery until recently.
Seabirds such as the guillemot remain relatively abundant, but kittiwakes and arctic skuas are in decline, the figures show.
Wintering wildfowl and wader populations remain well above mid-1970 levels but have fallen from 1990s peaks. European white-fronted goose, mallard, pochard, pintail, scaup, oystercatcher, redshank and ringed plover are among those in decline, but there are more than tenfold increases in Svalbard light-bellied Brent goose and gadwall and a six-fold rise in black-tailed godwit.
Mark Avery, the RSPB's conservation director, said: "It is staggering that farmland birds, such as the turtle dove and lapwing, have reached such a low ebb. But the good news is that we know how to turn around these declines."
A secure future for farmland wildlife rested with farmers being financially rewarded for managing land in an environmentally friendly way, through agri-environment schemes, he said.
The Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) is currently reviewing key entry level stewardship (ELS) payments to farmers, which cover 70% of England's farmland. "Defra only has to tweak ELS a little to ensure a recovery in farmland birds such as skylarks and corn buntings," said Avery.
The RSPB said a "staggering" 50 of 250 species occuring regularly in Britain were now on a growing "red" list of species whose conservation was a concern, the latest being the cuckoo.
Richard Benyon, minister for the natural environment in England, said: "Our bird populations are a good indicator of the wider health of our environment and it is clear that more needs to be done to support the recovery of farmland and woodland birds. Many people will have a part to play and we look forward to working with charities and landowners to reverse this trend."
Benyon said the government was doing "more than ever" to protect our wildlife. "The area of land protected or managed under woodland and agri-environment schemes is increasing. The condition of our protected sites is improving and it is great to see members of the public giving more of their time to conservation volunteering."
A white paper on the natural environment will be published this spring.
• This article was amended on 20 January 2011. The original referred to a bunnock. This has been corrected.
Asher Moses
March 17, 2009
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Australian communications regulator says it will fine people who hyperlink to sites on its blacklist, which has been further expanded to include several pages on the anonymous whistleblower site Wikileaks.
Wikileaks was added to the blacklist for publishing a leaked document containing Denmark's list of banned websites.
[efoods]The move by the Australian Communications and Media Authority comes after it threatened the host of online broadband discussion forum Whirlpool last week with a $11,000-a-day fine over a link published in its forum to another page blacklisted by ACMA – an anti-abortion website.
ACMA's blacklist does not have a significant impact on web browsing by Australians today but sites contained on it will be blocked for everyone if the Federal Government implements its mandatory internet filtering censorship scheme.
But even without the mandatory censorship scheme, as is evident in the Whirlpool case, ACMA can force sites hosted in Australia to remove “prohibited” pages and even links to prohibited pages.
Online civil liberties campaigners have seized on the move by ACMA as evidence of how casually the regulator adds to its list of blacklisted sites. It also confirmed fears that the scope of the Government's censorship plan could easily be expanded to encompass sites that are not illegal.
“The first rule of censorship is that you cannot talk about censorship,” Wikileaks said on its website in response to the ACMA ban.
Read entire article
I've been following Nielsen's cable coverage estimates for nearly a decade. Usually it's best to focus on the long term trend and ignore month-to-month differences. The long term trend is down and none of the networks dispute that, but the acceleration of the declines for many of the networks over the last few months has been eye-popping.
Two tables below: first is the change versus the September estimates, second is the change versus the November estimates.
Nielsen cable (includes satellite & telco services) coverage estimates for the nationally measured cable sports networks for December 2016:
If you're on a mobile phone these tables should be much easier to read if you tilt your phone to landscape mode.
Network name Dec 2016 Estimate (000) Sept 2016 Estimate (000) Change Since Sept (000) BEIN SPORT 23,317 24,149 -832 BEIN SPORT ESPANOL 18,267 18,256 11 ESPN 88,401 89,856 -1,455 ESPN2 88,283 89,740 -1,457 ESPNU 69,815 71,548 -1,733 Foxes DEPORTES 21,795 22,564 -769 FS1 85,358 85,931 -573 FS2 50,334 51,806 -1,472 GOLF CHANNEL 77,638 76,231 1,407 MLB NETWORK 65,503 67,116 -1,613 NBA-TV 52,654 54,367 -1,713 NBC SPORTS NETWORK 83,197 84,520 -1,323 NFL NETWORK 71,612 70,892 720 UNIVISION DEPORTES 47,154 47,887 -733 Total Cable 98,103 99,250 -1,147
Network name Dec 2016 Estimated # of Homes (000) Coverage % Nov 2016 Estimated # of Homes (000) Change Since Nov (000) BEIN SPORT 23,317 20% 23,542 -225 BEIN SPORT ESPANOL 18,267 15% 18,358 -91 ESPN 88,401 75% 88,956 -555 ESPN2 88,283 75% 88,878 -595 ESPNU 69,815 59% 70,525 -710 FOX DEPORTES 21,795 18% 21,906 -111 FS1 85,358 72% 85,616 -258 FS2 50,334 43% 50,808 -474 GOLF CHANNEL 77,638 66% 75,378 2,260 MLB NETWORK 65,503 55% 66,254 -751 NBA-TV 52,654 44% 53,072 -418 NBC SPORTS NETWORK 83,197 70% 83,817 -620 NFL NETWORK 71,612 60% 71,660 -48 UNIVISION DEPORTES 47,154 40% 47,397 -243 Total Cable 98,103 83% 98,388 -285
All data ©Nielsen (data provided by a variety of TV network sources and not directly from Nielsen)
—
When West Ham visited Chelsea in January it was a turning point in their fight for Premier League survival. Now Sam Allardyce has warned Jose Mourinho: "We'll see what century we're in."
West Ham beat Leicester 2-0 on Saturday to ensure they will be fourth on Christmas Day in their best start since the 1985-86 season, when they ended up finishing third.
West Ham United West Ham United Leicester City 2 0 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
Matches at Chelsea and Arsenal in the space of three days will be a fierce examination of a rejuvenated West Ham, who were accused by Mourinho of playing defensive "football from the 19th century" when drawing 0-0 at Stamford Bridge at the start of the year.
"The turning point, why West Ham United stayed in the division eventually, was the draw at Chelsea," Allardyce said.
"That's how important it was. It gave the lads a huge confidence boost and huge belief that they could hold a team like Chelsea off.
"We went from there on to make ourselves safe in the league.
"We'll see what century we're in when we finish there (on Boxing Day).
"It's a nice time, I think, for us to be playing Chelsea and Arsenal.
"We can go there and see if we can go and challenge ourselves against two of the big boys in this league.
"If we don't, it's not going to be too much of a knock back for us, because we know we can catch it up by beating teams who are below us, like Leicester."
Stewart Downing, playing at the tip of a midfield diamond, has been key to the Hammers' best Premier League start.
"He's probably playing his best football ever at the moment," Allardyce said.
"It took a bit of persuading to get him here from Liverpool [in August 2013]. It really was a dream move for him that didn't work quite as well as he would've liked.
"He's come here and started showing great class and great ability."
Allardyce confirmed West Ham are aiming to sign Canadian defender Doneil Henry, who is under contract with Cyprus' Apollon Limassol.
Henry was recommended by Ryan Nelsen, who played under Allardyce at Blackburn and managed the defender at Toronto.
"When you get the recommendation of somebody you respect like Ryan Nelsen you don't ignore that advice," Allardyce said.
"We're looking at that, but that's a tribunal and work permit situation which will happen next week."
Allardyce is optimistic and so too is Leicester boss Nigel Pearson, despite the odds being stacked against his side.
Only twice before -- West Brom in 2004-2005 and Sunderland last season -- have the side at the foot of the Premier League standings on Christmas Day avoided relegation.
Pearson was assistant to Baggies boss Bryan Robson 10 years ago and believes his Foxes squad have the required character.
"There are similarities," he said.
"You do need people who are capable of dealing with adversity and have the strength of character and inner belief.
"I can honestly say I look round the dressing room and I've not seen anybody who has given in to our current circumstances. I think that's a real positive for us.
"[But] you can't continue to be in the type of run that we're in and bluster your way out of it by trying to sell the idea that everything's rosy in the garden.
"We are capable of turning it around. Clearly we've got to start winning games pretty quickly."
Pearson was fined 10,000 pounds and given a one-match touchline ban following his altercation with a fan during last month's loss to Liverpool.
He often watches from the stand anyway, but perhaps mischievously was on the touchline at Upton Park as he awaits the full disciplinary process to be completed.
"I felt like it. I gave myself a directors' box one-match ban," Pearson added.
"I enjoy being in the stands because I get a good view; from a technical perspective you see things a lot better.
"Sometimes it's important to be visible, but ultimately I'll continue to do what I feel is right for the players."
A 3-month-old kitten has survived a 6,500 mile, two-week trip from Shanghai, China to California. Although he was too weak to stand when he was found, the little world traveler is now recovering and taking his first steps.
Now named Ni Hao or “Hello” in Chinese, the foundling survived in a shipping container without food or water as the freighter carrying it crossed the Pacific. He was discovered when workers opened the container in Compton, California last week.
“Ni Hao greeted the medical team with his first meows this morning and is attempting to stand,” said Los Angeles Department of Animal Care and Control official Marcia Mayeda.
Vet officials are looking for a cat-lover to adopt the orange and white kitten, who must remain in quarantine for 60 days. Doctors said, however, that if his health continues to improve, Ni Hao could finish his quarantine period in the home of a foster or adoptive family.
It's not clear how the kitten got into the container.
Watch video about this story, embedded via YouTube, below:
Deviation 800 and it only took me a year and 7 months to get this far! XD thank you for all the favs comments and support to get there its phenomenal. Well i took the poll results s searched for the best idea to do this and since i haven't done a digimon vs Pokémon piece for a while i decided to go back into the gallery and pull out my Veemon vs charmander pic and do a follow up on their epic return of challenging each other. Place your bets and ill do another follow up this time the victor of the match i already know but i want your thoughts.Ps: I made Charizard Shiny for epic effect and because he looks so Boss!Veemon VS Charmander can be seen here --> [link] Done in paint tool sai, 3 days to completePokemon © by Nintendo ©2012Art by ©2012
It is somewhat ironic that a football tournament called “The King's Cup” -- recognizing Madrid as the central axis of power -- has been historically dominated by teams from two of Spain's autonomous communities. And not just any regions: the added flavor of Catalonia's and the Basque Country's independence aspirations spice up the irony to a mouth-watering combo.
FC Barcelona, with 26 wins in 36 finals, and Athletic Bilbao, with 23 wins in 36 finals, have mastered this competition in its 112 years of history, previously facing each other seven times in the decisive match.
Let's recap the events and stories of these clashes between Culés and Los Leones (The Lions).
1920 - The penalty that retired Bertrán de Lis
The 1920 final was played at El Molinón (The Big Mill) stadium in Gijón, on a waterlogged pitch and the stands were filled mainly with Basque supporters. The main talking point in the match came when the referee Bertrán de Lis, the National Referees Association president at the time and a highly esteemed official among Catalans and Basques, awarded a clear penalty in Bilbao's favor. Athletic striker, José María Laca, scored the penalty but de Lis ruled it out due to penalty area encroachment by Germán Echevarría.
An even bigger surprise came when the referee decided that the penalty wasn't going to be retaken, as the rule book stated, but declared a foul against Bilbao. The decision caused outrage among the Basques and resulted in a huge scandal in the days that followed. Barça ended up scoring in the second half, through Vicente Martínez and Paulino Alcántara and won the match 2-0. After the game, de Lis acknowledged his mistake and retired from refereeing.
1932 - The Lions' revenge 12 years later
The 1932 Spanish Cup final was played at the Chamartín stadium in Madrid. Up until this point, Barcelona and Athletic had been dominant in this tournament, with eight and eleven titles respectively. Bilbao was the favorite with a fearsome group of strikers formed by Chirri II, Lafuente, Iraragorri, Bata and Gorostiza, known as the “First Historic Attacking Line.” On Barça's side, a 30-year-old Josep Samitier was entering his twilight years with the club and was the only player remaining from the aforementioned 1920 final.
Despite being the underdogs, Barcelona took control of the match and had a great chance to take the lead with a penalty kick in the 34th minute. However, Ramón Zabalo missed the penalty, sending it narrowly wide near the top corner. In the 55th minute, a cross by Lafuente was finished off with a strong header by Bata and that sealed the Blaugranas' fate. Athletic Club achieved its third Spanish Cup in a row and its 12th overall title.
1942 - The first clash for the “Generalissimo Cup”
The 1942 final was the first between Catalans and Basques during the Francisco Franco regime and the first one the Spanish dictator witnessed directly from the Chamartín grandstands. Franco arrived five minutes after kickoff and the match was stopped at once when the audience chanted his name. Only after he gave his consent the match resumed.
Athletic Bilbao was not the same spectacular squad of previous seasons but had a young footballer named Telmo Zarra in its ranks. On the other hand, with many of its former players in exile after the Spanish Civil War, Barcelona was struggling and was facing relegation in the league, therefore a potential cup title was an almost impossible feat.
Barça was winning comfortably 3-1 with 10 minutes to go, with a brace by Josep Escolà and a goal by Mariano Martín. However, Athletic managed to equalize in impressive fashion with Elices' second goal and one by Zarra, in the space of just two minutes. The match went to extra time and was resolved in the 101st minute with Martín's second goal, who got injured in the build-up after clashing with Athletic's goalie.
Franco himself handed over the trophy to Barcelona captain, Josep Raich, awarding Barça with their ninth Spanish Cup title. Just a week later, on that same pitch, the Blaugranas battled against Murcia to avoid relegation. A good culé knows what happened that day.
1953 - Kubala shows off his class
This time around Barcelona had the upper hand with a fantastic squad dubbed “The Barça of the Five Cups,” so named because they had won the league, the Spanish Cup, the Latin Cup, the Eva Duarte Cup and the Martini & Rossi Cup the previous season. The Blaugranas were led by a László Kubala in his prime, supported by Ramallets, Seguer, Basora, Moreno, Manchón and the rest of his entourage.
The match was played at the Chamartín stadium in Madrid, the usual venue at the time. Kubala was the best player on the park, taking the game by the scruff of the neck despite being fouled time and again by the Basque players. He scored the match's first goal in the 46th minute after an abysmal error by Serafín Areta whose poor clearance ended up at Manchón's feet, who in turn assisted the Hungarian for an easy goal. Eleven minutes later, Kubala tried a powerful shot which Bilbao's goalkeeper, Carmelo Cedrún, could barely deflect, leaving Manchón all alone to score the Catalans' second goal.
Athletic recovered partially after a headed goal by Venancio in the 61st minute and pushed for the draw vigorously, but Ramallets pulled off an array of superb saves. In the last few minutes, Kubala performed one of his well-known ball controls, not letting any of the opponents touch the ball, an action that prompted Bilbao's president to say afterwards: “[Football] is not really a sport to not play and to not allow the others to play.”
With the final whistle Barcelona conquered its third Spanish Cup title in a row and the 14th overall.
1984 - The Rumble... not in the jungle
This was not a Foreman vs. Ali brawl but it was close. It was not a random incident either: the match was already charged with both sides making snide comments days before and with the fact that Bernd Schuster and Diego Maradona had been injured by Andoni Goikoetxea in the previous seasons, both needing surgery and long spells on the sidelines.
The match took place at the Santiago Bernabéu stadium and there was very little football on show from either side. The only goal came in the 14th minute when a poorly defended corner by the Blaugranas allowed Endika to control the ball with his chest and smash it to the net with a left-footed effort. Barça could not equalize and with the final whistle came the scuffle known as “The Bernabéu Battle.”
The tension continued in the press conference room as Javier Clemente, the Basques' coach, stated: “They were sore losers. We have to stop recruiting these outsiders who come here with no education.” With the win Athletic Bilbao achieved the 1984 domestic double and its 23rd Spanish Cup title, the last one to date.
2009 - Guardiola team's first trophy
In an historic season that ended with a treble and with a record of six titles in a year, the 2009 Spanish Cup final was the first stone that paved such wonderful path.
Barcelona was on the verge of the La Liga title, which it achieved only three days after the Spanish Cup final in Mestalla, and had already secured its spot in the Champions League final with the “Iniestazo” at Stamford Bridge.
The Basques started the match off with high intensity, smothering the Blaugrana game flow in defense and midfield. This initial pressure paid off in the ninth minute when, from a corner from the right side, Gaizka Toquero rose up over Xavi and Keita, nailing the header through the top left corner.
Little by little the Pep Team got control of the game with Xavi's leadership joined by the link-up between Messi and Alves. But the goal arrived in an unexpected yet spectacular fashion: Yaya Touré received the ball behind the halfway line, impressively dribbling past three Bilbao players and beat Iraizoz with a low, powerful shot.
From then on began the Blaugrana recital: An Iraizoz save fell kindly for Messi in the penalty area and he fired in a left-footed missile to take the lead in the 54th minute. Three minutes later a lightning fast counter was finished cold-bloodedly by Bojan to make it 3-1. The culés' ecstasy hit in the 64th minute, when Xavi scored a superb free kick through Iraizoz's top right corner.
It was FC Barcelona's 25th Spanish Cup title and the first one in the marvelous Guardiola era.
2012: Guardiola's last title
Football is life's best metaphor, the old saying goes. The game, like life itself, has its symbolisms and its ironies. The 2012 Spanish Cup final was the summit of an era, the farewell of a mesmerizing cycle. The Perfect Circle round up. Against the same rival in the same competition, the first Pep Team wrote the last page of the most astonishing chapter the football world has ever heard of: winning 14 of 19 possible titles in four years.
We will tell our grandkids bedtime stories about them and they won't be able to sleep, in disbelief.
Pastor Maldonado says his reputation as a driver who crashes is because he's the one who has "the big balls" to test the limits.
Last Sunday the Venezuelan driver was once again involved in an incident, this time with Felipe Massa.
The Williams driver accused him of ruining his grand prix by hitting the back of his car and damaging the diffuser.
It was just the latest in a string of incidents for Maldonado, who has at least been exempt in one of this year's crashes which was when Jenson Button drove into the back of him in China.
However, Maldonado feels his reputation is undeserving.
"I have always had the big balls to cross the limit every time," he told the Telegraph.
The Lotus driver added: "When Pastor crashes, it's big news. When the other people crash, there is no news. It's like this.
"Normally in the past we saw even bigger penalties for this kind of things [the Button incident]. Similar situations. Especially with me.
"To find the limit, you need to cross the limit. I think I have the big balls to cross the limit every time.
"They were the good things in my career. I have been winning in everything in the past.
"I won in Formula One with a not competitive car, competing against Ferraris, McLarens, Red Bulls. Sometimes you risk and you do mistakes."
An influential group of European privacy experts said this week that it will lead hearings with Google over the search giant's claim that EU data protection laws do not apply to it.
The Article 29 Working Party, an independent EU advisory body on data protection and privacy, said that Google is refusing to submit to Europe's data protection regime and that "strong disagreements" remain.
It said in a statement that Google "considers that the European law on data protection is not applicable to itself, even though Google has servers and establishments in Europe." It also said that Google "wishes to retain personal data of users beyond the six months period requested by the Article 29 Working Party, without any justification."
The dispute is over the records, or logs, of users' search queries. Google keeps those and uses them, it says, to improve the quality of search results, to fight fraud and to improve data security.
The Working Party has called for such data to be deleted after just six months. In a report published in April of this year it said that companies keeping data for longer risked breaching data protection laws. "If personal data are stored, the retention period should be no longer than necessary for the specific purposes of the processing," said the Working Party's April report. "In view of the initial explanations given by search engine providers on the possible purposes for collecting personal data, the Working Party does not see a basis for a retention period beyond six months."
It also recommended that that web users must be able to provide consent to the exploitation of their data – in particular for profiling purposes. Google responded on 8th September and reaffirmed its wish to collaborate with European data protection authorities, stating that it would reduce its retention period from 18 to nine months.
But the Article 29 Working Party has responded by saying that, in substance, "Google refuses for the moment to submit to the European data protection law."
Alex Türk, chairman of the Working Party, also criticised Google for failing to improve its anonymisation mechanisms, which he called "insufficient". He said that Google considers that IP addresses are confidential data but not personal data, "which prevents granting certain rights to its users".
Türk also accused Google of failing to "express the willingness to improve and clarify the methods that are used to gather the consent of its users."
In Google's response to the Working Party earlier this month, Peter Fleischer, the company's global privacy counsel, said that Google was committed to engaging in a constructive dialogue with the Article 29 Working Party and other leading privacy stakeholders around the world.
Google also renounced one if its key arguments in favour of keeping the logs. Fleischer had previously claimed that the EU's Data Retention Directive forced it to keep details for between six and 24 months. The Working Party said that this was not the case because data retention laws only applied to telecoms firms.
"We agree with the Working Party that search logs are outside of the scope of the Data Retention Directive," said Fleischer in Google's response document.
In July Google made another concession to privacy activists when it agreed to publish a link to its privacy policy on its front page after calls from regulators to do so.
These concessions were welcomed by the Working Party this week. "In conclusion, despite some progress, significant work must still be carried out to guarantee the rights of internet users and to ensure the respect of their privacy," wrote the Working Party. "In this perspective, the Article 29 Working Party will lead hearings with Google to discuss the points of dissension."
Copyright © 2008, OUT-LAW.com
Share. Team Bondi placed into administration. Team Bondi placed into administration.
Sydney-based development studio Team Bondi, the company behind L.A. Noire, has been placed into administration.
The appointment comes after a rough few months for the studio, which has been rocked by allegations of unsatisfactory working conditions and claims Rockstar was unlikely to publish the developer's next game. Complaints from former employees who were not acknowledged in the credits of the company's blockbuster debut game compounded things further.
According to SmartCompany documents filed with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission indicate Team Bondi went into external administration on August 30.
The appointment comes just weeks after the business was rumoured to be selling assets and non-L.A. Noire intellectual property to filmmaker George Miller's studio KMM.
A source close to the company has indicated to us that, after a deal for the studio's next game fell through, employees of Team Bondi have been folded into KMM and its Dr D Studio division and that they are currently assisting with Happy Feet Two.
We will continue to follow this story and update you as more information becomes available.
Here it is, the 100 Watcher thank you deviation as vote for by you. This is 1920x1080 wallpaper size.It was a close poll, but 's idea,"Doctor Whooves and his TARDIS Vs. Doc Brown (ponified) and his Delorean," won.By Celestia, I hate that car. I wasted an hour or more trying to draw a 3/4 view of it, but just couldn't get any decent resolution reference images, and it was way complex. So I settled on the front third of the car in profile. I did learn a new trick to make that hub cap's radial pattern, though, so that's awesome.Time taken was about 7 hours straight. I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow, er, today...EDIT 2/24: Just uploaded the time lapse at YouTube: [link] 11:00Hope you all like the "Great Scott!" face.I drew Doctor Hooves with a bow tie. Bow ties are cool.Done in Inkscape [link] MLP:FiM © HasbroDoctor Who © BBCBack to the Future © Universal
President-elect Donald Trump (L) says retired United States Marine Corps general James Mattis was opposed to allowing US personnel to torture suspects (AFP Photo/Drew Angerer)
Bedminster (United States) (AFP) - US President-elect Donald Trump interviewed potential cabinet members at his New Jersey golf club for a second day Sunday, and signaled he may have found a defense chief in James "Mad Dog" Mattis, praising the retired military commander as a "true general's general."
Trump's recent choices for other key posts -- attorney general, national security adviser and chief White House strategist -- have come under fire on civil rights grounds from Democrats and other critics.
But Trump has also moved to mend fences with moderate Republicans as he goes about building a new administration, interviewing one-time foe Mitt Romney for secretary of state on Saturday, and inviting his ousted transition chief Chris Christie for a sit-down Sunday at his Trump National Golf Club.
"We're going to have a great day. Great people coming. You'll see. Great people," he told reporters tracking the comings and goings. Less than an hour and a half later, Trump added: "Getting very close on a lot."
He and Vice President-elect Mike Pence began their day attending a Sunday service at a Presbyterian church in the New Jersey countryside.
But the early-rising Trump was on Twitter before that, attacking the cast of hit Broadway musical "Hamilton" as rude, and "Saturday Night Live," the late-night satirical show that mercilessly lampoons him, as "nothing funny at all."
Meanwhile, the New York Post reported that Melania Trump and son Barron will remain in New York, rather than live in the White House.
Jason Miller, a Trump spokesman, would not confirm the report, but told reporters that "there's obviously sensitivity to pulling their 10-year-old out of school in the middle of the school year. A more formal statement will be coming."
- Cabinet auditions -
The 70-year-old Republican billionaire promised reporters they would "hear some things" after a second marathon day of meetings at his New Jersey golf retreat, a 90-minute drive from Manhattan.
"General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!" Trump said on Twitter.
Trump called the 66-year-old "the real deal" after their meeting Saturday. Mattis is a retired Marine Corps general who led the US Central Command from 2010-2013, overseeing the US withdrawal from Iraq and a surge in Afghanistan.
A colorful combat commander and voracious reader, he has been quoted as saying, "Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to kill everyone you meet."
Christie, who threw his support to Trump after his own bid for the Republican presidential nomination fizzled, appeared back in favor after being pushed out as transition chief.
The New Jersey governor has been under a cloud over a scandal involving the closing of a major bridge linking New York and New Jersey, allegedly to punish a Democratic mayor. Two former Christie aides were recently convicted in the case.
Asked on Saturday if "Bridgegate" disqualified the governor from serving in the cabinet, Trump retorted: "We like Chris a lot."
Others meeting Trump on Sunday include former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani; immigration hardliner Kris Kobach; Wilbur Ross, under consideration for commerce secretary; global investor David McCormick; and real estate investor Jonathan Gray.
Trump will also meet with Bob Johnson, the founder of Black Entertainment Television (BET) who has urged African Americans to vote for their best interests rather than be wedded to any political party.
Exit polls showed some 88 percent of African American voters supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton versus just eight percent for Trump.
Trump's interview with Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential candidate who called him a "fraud" during the recent campaign, suggested to some observers that he is looking for a mix of views despite the hard-line cast of his national security team so far.
Pence confirmed that Romney was under consideration for secretary of state, a post also sought by Giuliani and others.
Trump's picks so far include ultra-conservative Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general, hawkish congressman Mike Pompeo as CIA director and retired lieutenant general Michael Flynn as his national security adviser. His choice of Steve Bannon, seen as an ideologue of the ultra-conservative alt-right movement, as chief strategist has also drawn fire.
WOW! Ted Cruz on Wyoming Voter-less Victory: “This Is How Elections Are Won in America”
The Republican establishment has joined with Ted Cruz to wrangle all of the GOP delegates away from Donald Trump.
It's the establishment's last chance to stop Trump.
The #CruzCrew and anti-Trump Super PACs are even working in states Donald Trump has won to steal delegates from the GOP frontrunner.
In Colorado Ted Cruz nabbed all 34 of the delegates from a voter-less contest.
Saturday in Wyoming Ted Cruz again snatched up all of the 14 delegates in another voter-less contest.
Cruz called his victory in Wyoming a “grassroots victory”.
Unreal.
After the convention last night Ted Cruz released this statement on his voter-less victory.
“This is how elections are won in America.”
“We had a tremendous show of grassroots support that resulted in a critical victory at today's Wyoming Republican Convention. This victory continues a momentum shift that started in Utah and carried through Wisconsin, North Dakota and Colorado. Grassroots are rising up. Republicans overwhelmingly elected delegates who will support us at the national convention and nominate us to take on Hillary Clinton. This is how elections are won in America. This is another step in our drive to win a majority of Republicans to be the nominee.”
During Monday night's presidential debate, Mitt Romney repeated a gaffe he has already made at least five times before
Mitt Romney is not particularly new to gaffes but when it comes to one about the relationship between Syria and Iran, he has shown extraordinary courage in repeating it at least six times just in the past year.
During last night's foreign policy debate, Romney said: "Syria is Iran's only ally in the Arab world. It's their route to the sea."
In fact, Iran, a close ally of Bashar al-Assad's regime, has direct access to international waters through its large coastline on the Gulf and is not even a neighbour to Syria in order to rely on it as a route to the sea.
Instead, Syria gives Iran physical access to Lebanon and its Hezbollah militia which is strategically important for Tehran leaders because of the group's geographical position in respect to Israel.
It is not the first time that governor Romney has referred to Syria as a country that provides Iran with a route to the sea.
In March, Romney made the exact gaffe at AIPAC conference.
"Maybe one of the few bright spots in the Middle East developments in the last year has been the rising of the people in Syria against Assad. Obviously, as you know, Syria is Iran's only Arab ally in the region. Syria is the route that allows Iran to supply Hezbollah with weapons in Lebanon. Syria is Iran's route to the sea," he said, according to the Washington Post, which fact-checked his remarks back then.
The US presidential candidate has also previously repeated the reference including in a CNN presidential primary debate in Arizona in February. "Syria is their key ally. It's their only ally in the Arab world. It is also their route to the sea," he said at the time.
Last night's mention prompted many users to react on social networking websites such as Twitter. Here are some of the reactions:
Wow. Romney calls Syria "Iran's route to the sea." Here is a relevant map: maps.google.com/maps?q=map+of+… — John Green (@realjohngreen) October 23, 2012
and:
After Obama dressed him down oversize of Navy, #Romney looked sick. After saying Syria is Iran's link to the sea, #Romney looked stupid. — Alan Eggleston (@AlanEggleston) October 23, 2012
and:
and:
Iran doesn't need a "route to the sea". It has it's own coastline, and Syria and Iran don't border each other. #romney #debates — Dave Malouf (@daveixd) October 23, 2012
Despite the prominence of Iran in the US presidential debates, Iranian media have devoted a scant coverage to the country's election. However, many Iranians are watching it anxiously amid fears that a victory by Mitt Romney could significantly increase the possibility of an Israeli military strike against the regime's nuclear facilities.
Romney is viewed in the Islamic republic as more sympathetic to the Israeli prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, and his "red lines" over Tehran's nuclear activities than Barack Obama.
Iranian state agencies are reporting the developments of Obama-Romney campaigns but with little commentary.
Iranian officials, however, have tried to conceal the concerns, claiming that the country would be immune regardless of the results.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, speaking among reporters in New York during a visit to the UN general assembly in September, refused to show support to either candidates.
"We do believe that the US elections are a domestic issue and we will not get in the middle of that at all," he responded to a journalist's question, according to an account of the meeting on the website of the Foreign Policy magazine. "I believe the people of the US are not a war-seeking people."
Speaker of the Iranian parliament, Ali Larijani, said a Romney win would not be a threat. In Larinaji's view, the governor's support for Israel's possible attack amounted to little more than campaign rhetoric.
"It is political systems in the US which make decisions, not individuals," he told the FT in an interview in September. "Mr Obama swept to power and made promises which were not followed by actions. So, I do not think significant changes can happen."
At 9 a.m. last Wednesday, Deutsche Bank co-CEO Jürgen Fitschen was sitting in his office on the executive floor at Deutsche Bank headquarters in Frankfurt. Fitschen, who has led Germany's largest bank together with Anshu Jain since May, was in a cheerful mood. That, though, was about to change. He didn't know yet what was happening on the ground floor of the twin, glass towers.
Some 20 police cars were parked in front of the entrance and later, a helicopter circled overhead, according to accounts given by bank employees. Hundreds of government officials crowded into the building while armed police officers secured the lobby.
When Fitschen heard that officials from the public prosecutor's office were in the building, he immediately wondered what the reason for the visit might be. But he didn't have long to think about it. Investigators were quick to make the trip to the top floors of the building where they informed the co-CEO of the reason for their visit.
Fitschen was told that he was under investigation for "severe tax evasion." He is said to have signed an erroneous tax declaration relating to value added taxes. The authorities searched Fitschen's office, sparsely furnished with a few pieces of furniture and a handful of exotic works of art, and then they left.
The raid was unprecedented. No German multinational had ever been subjected to quite thesame level of public humiliation before. The Frankfurt public prosecutor's office had organized its raid on Deutsche Bank as though it were an organized crime sting. Five executives were arrested, several of them have been held in pre-trial detention since. One was allowed to go home for health reasons and the tabloid Bild reported on Wednesday that another has now been released as well.
Like a Criminal Gang
On one hand, the raid was a show of strength. But on the other, it exposed the public prosecutor's weakness in the face of Deutsche Bank, one of the world's largest financial institutions. The bank has long been an absolute symbol of the German economy, one that shaped much of the economic activity in the country and whose advice was in demand by those at the highest levels of government. Yet it was being treated like a criminal gang.
The bank stands accused of tax evasion in conjunction with the trading of emissions certificates, but also of failure to report money laundering and of obstruction of justice -- hardly trifling matters, in other words. Nevertheless, the severity of the authorities' approach comes as a surprise, suggesting that the judiciary might be losing patience with Deutsche Bank. Yet the case is also notable for the persons involved: In addition to co-CEO Fitschen, Chief Financial Officer Stefan Krause and two executive board members are likewise among the accused.
Fitschen's mood last Wednesday quickly moved from cheerful to outrage. He grabbed his phone and called Volker Bouffier, the governor of the state of Hesse, where Frankfurt is located, and demanded an explanation for the massive deployment of law enforcement officials. He told Bouffier that such a raid would have a devastating impact on the image of the bank. Images of armed police entering the lobby doesn't exactly make it easier for the bank to recruit the best employees overseas, Fitschen said.
Bouffier remained calm and reacted coolly to Fitschen's words. The politician, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's center-right Christian Democratic Union, says merely that it was up to the public prosecutor's office to determine the scope and details of such efforts, and that he could not intervene.
Internally, Fitschen made no secret of his lack of understanding for the massive police presence. When speaking publicly, however, he toned down his rhetoric, saying: "I feel that some aspects of their course of action are excessive."
Gambling Away Trust
It's a bitter irony that Fitschen, of all people, is now under investigation. A native of northern Germany, he ran the bank's corporate banking division for many years, and he is viewed as a respectable, classic German banker, one who represents Deutsche Bank's traditional virtues. This reputation is precisely why the supervisory board made him co-CEO with Jain, who had led the bank's investment banking operations. The board was unwilling to entrust management of a bank with more than 100,000 employees in over 70 countries, and with more than 20 million customers, entirely to Jain.
Together, the duo was to regain what Deutsche Bank had gambled away in the years since the financial crisis: the trust of customers and of the public.
Years ago, the bank used the slogan "Everything starts with trust" in its advertising. If this is true, then it can also be argued that lost trust is the beginning of the end. And the recent slew of scandalous headlines emanating from Deutsche Bank suggests that ground is being lost.
Indeed, since Jain and Fitschen took office in June, hardly a month has gone by -- at times, hardly a week -- without new accusations against the scandal-plagued bank becoming public. And armies of attorneys are now dealing with the many trials and investigations currently pending -- legal proceedings which present a financial risk to the bank which almost certainly amounts to several billion euros.
Last week's tax evasion raid isn't even the most recent bank headline. Last Friday, a Munich court ruled that Deutsche Bank would have to pay damages to the heirs of the late media mogul Leo Kirch. The bank, the court found, was instrumental in the 2002 bankruptcy of the Kirch empire and might be forced to pay over 1 billion euros in recompense.
In addition, the company has been accused of involvement in the LIBOR affair, which saw several international banks collude to manipulate the key global interest rate. And Deutsche Bank is under investigation for having manipulated its books to hide liabilities so as to avoid having to be bailed out by the German government during the height of the financial crisis. It is also involved in myriad lawsuits relating to its treatment of investors during the crisis.
'A New Chapter'
Dealing with all the scandals costs the bank money, effort and credibility, at a time when Deutsche Bank is in worse shape than it's been in a long time. Profits are coming under pressure, and lawmakers are threatening to impose stricter regulation on banks. Peer Steinbrück, the center-left Social Democratic Party (SPD) candidate for the Chancellery, is even threatening to split up Deutsche Bank.
In their effort to stop this decline, Jain and Fitschen prescribed a drastic change in the bank's corporate culture when they took office last summer. For months, they have been proclaiming the new Deutsche Bank's message everywhere, a message that promises nothing short of a renewal. From now on, Deutsche Bank will never lose sight of its customers and will no longer pursue any deal that can make it money.
"We have opened a new chapter in the development of our bank," Supervisory Board Chairman Paul Achleitner wrote in a letter to employees in late June. He called for the cultural change needed to "reestablish the bank's reputation as the cornerstone of a modern society."
The letter, unfortunately, coincided with allegations that employees of Deutsche Bank and other large multi-national financial institutions had manipulated the LIBOR key interest rate.
Bank representatives stress that the LIBOR scandal and other such transgressions are all legacies from a different era. But each new scandal raises the question as to whether Fitschen and Jain are not in fact part of that past era -- and whether it isn't time for Deutsche Bank to embark on yet another new beginning.
Sometimes I just have to shake my head. Now and again, particularly around Christmas the "pseudo-intellectuals" come out in full force. I like to call them armchair scholars. They make grand claims about conspiracies and theories regarding the cosmos and put forward claims that attempt to debunk any positive aspects our traditional culture has to offer. I call them armchair scholars because they tend to sit in their lazy-boy surfing the "top of the pops" type of educational channels on their boob tube. These "scholars" also gather information from Youtube and other secular media sources that typically seek to instigate controversy rather than provide truth. These theorists are also the same kind of people who will take bits of information from many different sources in the media, and then combine them to form their own queer form of paganism, or should I say, "plaganism." They rarely verify their sources to see whether or not what they have learned is true, and rarely do they read actual books regarding the topic they are "experts" in. One "pseudo-theory" proposed by these lazy-boy academics that continues to float around the internet like a foul flatulent emission that obstinately lingers in the air is the claim that the story of Christ was really just a plagiarized version of the Egyptian sun god Horus.
This popular claim takes the Nativity story and twists it to fit the armchair scholar's peculiar 'religious' beliefs. It usually starts with ‘the fact' that the story of Jesus borrowed heavily from the Egyptians and their sun god Horus. The claim mentions that the wise men are symbolic of three stars in the sky, Horus was born of a virgin, helped the weak, performed miracles, and so on. In typical bad scholarly fashion some supposedly ‘convincing' charts or diagrams will flash on the screen, and then challenge the story of Christ based on this so-called evidence. A popular movie called Zeitgeist, released in 2007, seems to have only fed the fire. I am not going to go point by point on why this claim of Jesus borrowing from the Egyptians' is so ridiculous, because well it is RIDICULOUS, and besides, others have beat me to the punch. So I will provide you with two sources that give you more objective facts regarding Horus, and this will illustrate to you that these theories regarding Jesus are sheer and utter fabrications. Besides, as Catholics we acknowledge the Church and its magisterium as "the" authority when it comes to understanding Christianity. We have a long history of traditions and original documents that verify the historical Jesus. As technology improves and as new documents are discovered and archived, we are finding more and more evidence of the historical Jesus Christ.
The – It just happened to be the first source I found. I have seen this posted on many websites, as it has been aggregated many times, and I don't recall the original source of the article. You can read the article from the link above. As you can see it does a very good job at explaining each claim, one at a time. For the more skeptical and those who like to read long and boring things I have also provided you with a which outlines in very great detail the actual story of Horus. It really makes me wonder why so many will blindly go along with this fascination in attempting to debunk Christ's birth. It seems to me, that there are agendas at work against Christianity, but I won't get into that, as I wouldn't want to label myself as one of those crazy theorists! Have a Merry Christmas season full of the historical Christ as taught by the Catholic Church.
P.S. January 1st, is a Holy Day of Obligation
This is the story about someone who stopped at nothing to achieve his childhood dream. It's about a boy who grew up wanting to play for one of the most historic college athletics programs in the country, worked his way into the school, and started out as a practice player before finally seeing time in the spotlight in his senior year. He was told over and over he could not make it, but he proved the doubters wrong.
It sounds a lot like the story of Rudy Reuttiger, a former University of Notre Dame football player whose inspirational tale was recalled in the 1993 film ‘Rudy.' This story, however, does not involve a steel mill, Touchdown Jesus or any young Vince Vaughn cameos.
This is the story of Jake Moscatel, a second-year senior on the Boston University men's hockey team – the team he dreamed of playing for his entire life.
A BU family
Going to BU athletics events was a Moscatel family tradition that dated back to when Jake's grandfather, Anthony Moscatello, was the director of BU Photo Services. Anthony brought his kids, including Jake's father Jim, to all of the BU football, basketball and hockey games. In fact, Jim can recall watching Jack Parker as a player for the Terriers when he was six years old.
Jim went on to attend BU just like the rest of his siblings, and when Jim had kids, it was only natural that he followed in his father's footsteps and took them to the BU hockey games.
“It's just been a big part of our life,” Jim said. “When your whole livelihood and your family's income is directly from BU, it is a big part of us.”
Jake, a Lexington native who inherited his family's love of the Terriers, grew up idolizing Chris Drury. He was also a pretty good hockey player, as several colleges were looking at Jake as a potential recruit while he was a 14-year-old at Belmont Hill High School. Even then, though, he was not interested in playing for another school. He wanted to be a BU hockey player.
At the time, however, playing for BU was not an option. The Terriers had a freshman class of 10 players and there was no space for him on the roster. So when Jake and his father talked to Parker about potentially playing at BU, Parker told Jake to play a year of junior hockey.
The detours
Jake joined the Boston Junior Bruins of the Eastern Junior Hockey League and scored 10 goals and six assists in 39 games with the team. While with the Junior Bruins, he played alongside several future Hockey East players and against future teammate Ben Rosen. The big takeaway from the year in juniors was the increased understanding of the game.
His year passed, though, and, once again Parker did not have an available spot for Jake on his squad. Instead of BU, Moscatel took an offer to play with the University of New England — a Division III school that was entering its first season in the ECAC-East. The year before Moscatel joined the team, UNE lost games against Boston College's and Northeastern University's club hockey teams.
It was clear from the beginning that Jake did not belong there. UNE only won three games in Moscatel's first and only season with the Nor'easters. He led the team with seven goals as a freshman.
“My dad — he was always saying, ‘Jake, you should be playing [at BU],'” Moscatel said. “Even when I was at UNE, he was like, ‘You should be playing hockey at BU.' It was almost like, ‘Yeah, dad. Relax.' I knew I was good enough, but he always believed in me.”
Instead of spending all four years playing for a startup D-III program, Jake decided to transfer to BU as a student. Getting into BU based on academics alone was not something Jake thought he could ever do, but sure enough, his dream school accepted him.
A foot in the door
Simply making it to BU was not enough to satisfy Jake, though. Moving to Boston only decreased the distance he had to travel to make it to Parker's office — a trip he made rather frequently.
“I don't know if it's embarrassing or not, but I probably walked into coach's office asking for a tryout about 20 times,” Jake said. “It was one of those things where I think coach put me on the team because he was kind of sick of me. I kept asking for a tryout, and I think he eventually said, ‘Let's shut this kid up and just give him a locker room stall.'”
Apparently, it took a long time for Parker to get “sick of him.”Jake spent the next year-and-a-half playing with BU's club hockey team, a squad just about anyone at BU that owned a set of equipment could play for. The level of competition was a step down from the opponents he faced at UNE, but he was at least getting regular ice time and staying in hockey shape. Being in hockey shape was key for Jake, as he was ready to jump on his opportunity to join the team when it came.
That chance arrived in December 2011 after Corey Trivino was kicked off the team and Charlie Coyle left to play major junior hockey. A team that had been deep at the forward position was suddenly down to 14 forwards and seven defensemen, leaving a spot open for a practice player — something that Jake knew.
During a history class, Jake was sure to let then-captain Chris Connolly know that he was available if the team needed practice players. Connolly, who had played pick-up games with Moscatel before, told Parker about the offer. That was the only break Jake needed.
“[Connolly] knew I wasn't a complete slouch,” Jake said. “So he went and talked to coach, and coach gave me a phone call, and the next thing I know, I was on the team.”
Jake broke the news to his dad by calling him up and asking him what was going on. When Jim replied, “nothing,” Jake casually remarked to his father that he had made the team.
“I have to admit when he called me up and told me, my jaw hit the ground,” Jim said. “I went, ‘What?' And sure enough, he was practicing the next day. It was a complete surprise to me.”
Proving he belonged
Being a member of the practice squad was not good enough once he finally made it.
Jake wanted to get on the ice, but he was still behind multiple players that had been with the team since their freshman years.He was halfway through his junior year at the time and knew plenty of the players from pickup games and his time in junior hockey, but the rest of the team was in midseason form while he was busy playing catch-up. Jake even admits that he might have been a little out of place at first.
“You've got to fall in line with even some of the freshmen,” Moscatel said. “You kind of feel like a rookie. You don't really know what to expect.”
That junior season moved by quickly, though, and at the end of the year, Parker told Jake he might not need him back for his senior year. Jake stuck around for summer workouts, though, and he was good enough that he remained on the roster another season. His spot on the team was not necessarily secure, but he kept sticking around.
“He wanted to be on this team so badly that he was really nervous right off the bat, but once he got relaxed, you could see that, ‘gee, he's starting to play pretty well.'” Parker said. “Now, you can see that he actually had some hockey skill other than just being the guy that was trying to work harder than everyone else.”
Jake watched a lot of games from the press box and the stands until Jan. 4, when then-captain Wade Megan was out of the lineup with an injured shoulder. With Yasin Cissé leaving the team to play major junior hockey as well, the chance finally came for Moscatel to play a game for the team he followed his entire life.
“One of the most remarkable things I have ever seen in sports,” Jim said about watching his son skate in a BU uniform. “I was just so proud — it was kind of a dream fulfilled. As a parent, I can't put it into words how wonderful it is to see your kid achieve his dream. That was amazing to me.”
Jim claims to have cheered louder than everyone else in Matthews Arena combined when Jake scored his first career goal nine games later at Northeastern. Jake suited up in 15 games for the Terriers last season and played well enough that he was invited back for another year with the team. Since he had another year of eligibility, the 2013-14 season would be his second senior year.
“Had he done something a little differently, he might not be playing hockey,” Jim said. “Instead, he [was] playing for Jack Parker, a storied franchise with one of the greatest coaches of any sport. He did it all on his own.”
From walk-on to leader
New coach David Quinn has stressed the importance of his senior class to the success of his team in the upcoming season over and over. The term “senior” barely does Jake justice, though, as he will turn 25 years old in December. Jake, who played against 2007 Beanpot hero Brian McGuirk in high school, is five or six years older than some of his teammates.
“They kind of keep me young,” Moscatel said. “You're playing with 18-year-olds and they kind of give you a little more energy than you're used to. I feel like I can be a leader and a mentor and they can also give me some fresh legs and give me a little energy.”
Moscatel projects to be one of the bottom-six forwards on the team this year, a role that suits his hit-first style of play. One thing is for sure — he will play more than Rudy ever did.
The Rochdale sex ring shows the horrific consequences of Britain's 'Islamophobia' witch-hunt
So now we can see the outcome of the witch-hunt against ‘Islamophobia'.
With the conviction of nine men for organised sexual crimes from rape to sex trafficking, the full horrific details of more than two decades of sexual violence against young, predominantly white girls living in children's homes in the north of England have been revealed.
The gang lured an officially estimated 47 girls (the figure may well be higher) aged 12 to 16 with gifts, alcohol and drugs before passing them around to have sex ‘with several men a day, several times a week' in flats, houses, cars, taxis and kebab shops.
After phone calls inviting them to come and have sex with a girl, men would turn up to do so by the taxi-load. One 13 year-old was forced to have sex with 20 men in one night.
Police guard the entrance to Liverpool Crown Court, where the Rochdale sex gang was facing trial
Terrible as all this is in itself, there is far worse. For this monstrous abuse could all have been stopped years ago. The authorities had evidence this was going on as long ago as 1991.
The question immediately arises: how on earth could a blind eye have been turned to all this by the social services departments under whose care these girls were living, as well as by the police to whom they went for help?
The answer is as clear as it is devastating. For these men were all Muslims: eight of them of Pakistani origin and one from Afghanistan. Early last year, the Times reported that 50 of the 56 men convicted in 17 street-grooming prosecutions from 13 northern towns and cities were Muslim. Identifying this particular behaviour meant identifying the particular community in these northern towns where it was being committed. And what paralysed these authorities was that, in politically correct Britain, no criticism is allowed to be made of religious or ethnic identities. The authorities could not allow themselves even to think there was a problem with any minority community. So they pretended the problem was not what it actually was. And so the child rape industry proceeded with repeated failures to prosecute.
Exactly the same paralysis of the mind is on display in the reaction today to these atrocious and horrifying disclosures. The word Muslim is simply absent from much of the coverage. The men are described as Asian or Pakistani. But this cowardly euphemism wrongly implicates communities that have nothing whatever to do with such terrible crimes. They don't involve Pakistani Christians or Pakistani Hindus; they don't involve Chinese or Malaysians, Sri Lankans or Thais.
While it is the case that in general the overwhelming majority of sex crimes against girls are committed by white men, this particular phenomenon of street gangs in northern towns targeting white girls and passing them around for sex is disproportionately committed by Muslims.
The police maintain doggedly that this has nothing to do with race. What a red herring. Of course it doesn't! This is about religion and culture - an unwesternised Islamic culture which holds that non-Muslims are trash and women are worthless. And so white girls are worthless trash. Which is itself of course a race issue.
Evil: Abdul Qayyum (left), 43, was sentenced to five years for conspiracy. Mohammed Amin (right) 45, was handed five years for conspiracy and sexual assault. The gang's 59-year-old ringleader, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was sentenced to 19 years in jail
The Times reports:
‘Nazir Afzal, Chief Crown Prosecutor for northwest England, said that “imported cultural baggage” played a role in the crimes but what defined the convicted men was their attitude to women. They think that women are some lesser being. The availability of vulnerable young white girls is what has drawn the men to them.
‘... A care professional close to the case said it would be misleading to suggest that group sex grooming involved only men of Pakistani heritage, but “on such a large scale the only investigations I know about have involved Asians”. The worker said: “We can't say they haven't got an issue within their community because we've now had so many cases. What no one is going to say publicly is that some of them may regard and treat white girls in a totally different way to their own girls.”'
Trafficking: Abdul Aziz (left), 41, was given nine years for conspiracy and trafficking for sexual exploitation. Mohammed Sajid (right), 35, received 12 years tor conspiracy, trafficking, one count of rape and one count of sexual activity with a child
Another person, described only as ‘a professional of Pakistani heritage, said that
‘conduct unthinkable with Muslim girls became “acceptable” with “corrupted” white girls. ‘
And Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadhan Foundation, has said:
‘... we need the entire Pakistani community to speak out against such crimes and to disown the actions of the men who believe that teenage white girls are worthless and can be abused.'
Now look at how the authorities reacted. As the Times reports:
‘In 1991, nine girls from three homes in Bradford fell victim to pimps who collected them from their home each evening, took them to be used for sex in houses, flats and guest houses, then returned them to the care of residential staff in the early hours of the morning. The local authority ordered an inquiry but did not reveal that the men were all of Pakistani heritage.
‘In 2006 a specialist child protection team was formed in Manchester because the city, according to its former children's services director, had clear evidence of “targeted sexual exploitation of girls in children's homes”. It was a stark admission, but again the shared ethnicity of most of the men was not identified.'
Conspiracy: Hamid Safi (left), 22, was given four years for conspiracy and trafficking but not guilty of two counts of rape. Adil Khan (right), 42, was found guilty of conspiracy and trafficking for sexual exploitation
As for the police, they refused to take seriously the first girl who came forward in 2008 to say a gang of men had repeatedly raped her on successive days – with the result she was sent right back into the hands of her abusers.
The Telegraph reports that in the four months after she spoke to the police, she was driven to a succession of sordid flats and houses where she would be raped by up to five men each night, four or five days a week.
In the case of this girl, it's possible that her story was dismissed on the grounds that as a child in care she was not a credible witness – itself a pretty damning indictment of official attitudes. But the overwhelming reason for the failure for two decades to take the appropriate action to halt this systematic abuse was undoubtedly that when it comes to matters to do with minorities or Islam, the British mind simply switches off .
Bigots: The general refusal to acknowledge the cultural motivation for the men's crimes gives a boost to real racists such as the BNP
Like a mantra, people brainlessly intone ‘Islamophobia', 'racism' or ‘BNP'. But the BNP, which really is racist and hates all who are not white Anglo-Saxons, has been able to make huge inroads on account of this issue precisely because the rest of society refuses to talk about it. Self-censorship has been an absolute gift to such true bigots by enabling them to pose heroically as the otherwise suppressed voice of the people. So decency has been doubly abandoned – first by ignoring the plight of these poor girls, and second by giving a boost to the BNP.
For their part, the police deny they were paralysed by fear of treading on ‘cultural sensibilities'. But one former Labour MP has no doubt at all that this was indeed the case . The Telegraph reports:
‘Complaints to social workers and the police were ignored because they were "petrified of being called racist", former Labour MP for Keighley Ann Cryer said. Mrs Cryer, who has campaigned to bring the issue of Asian sex gangs to light, said the girls had been "betrayed" and condemned to "untold misery" by the police and social services."This is an absolute scandal. They were petrified of being called racist and so reverted to the default of political correctness," she said.'
Warning: Mohammed Shafiq of the Ramadhan Foundation said 'there should be no silence in addressing the issue of race' Claims: Fears that they would be branded racist meant that police and social services allowed the gang to continue with their sick crimes, former MP Ann Cryer, pictured, claimed today
And that scandal continues even today. On the Today programme this morning, presenter John Humphrys laid out the tendentious parameters of the whole discussion when he said the concern was that the perpetrators were all Asian – but that concern played into the hands of the BNP. A veritable cascade of euphemisms, evasions and category errors duly followed.
Martin Narey, former head of the prison service and the children's charity Barnardo's, said while sex offenders in general were mainly white, there was ‘troubling evidence' that Asians were ‘overwhelmingly represented ‘when it came to the street gangs grooming and trafficking girls in northern towns. Brave of him to say that in this oppressive climate - but again - oh dear - ‘Asian'? No!
Earlier on the show the Deputy Children's ‘Commissioner Sue Berelowitz dismissed the idea that this behaviour was particular to any one community, saying that ‘sexual exploitation is happening over every single racial and ethnic group'. Well, in itself true enough; but in this context surely deeply disingenuous. For this particular phenomenon of targeting young white girls and passing them round for sex among dozens if not hundreds of men is overwhelmingly perpetrated by Pakistani Muslim men.
Disgraceful: Kieth Vaz compared claims that the men's Islamic culture influenced their behaviour to the views of the BNP
Then there was Keith Vaz MP, chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee, who disgracefully tried to yoke concern about the community implications of this crime to the BNP prejudice against all Asians. Vaz huffed and puffed that it was quite wrong to stigmatise an entire community because of a few men in this case who deserved to be prosecuted. Well first of all, it is clear from the evidence in this trial that this problem goes far beyond the nine men who were convicted yesterday. These girls report being passed around dozens if not hundreds of men, all apparently from the same community, but whom the police have failed to identify.
And second, this absurd argument is used time and again to stifle all discussion about ethnic or religious minority issues. No-one is saying that all Pakistanis or all Muslim men are guilty of this kind of abuse. Indeed, how could the expressed concern possibly ‘stigmatise an entire community' when the chief crown prosecutor in the north west Nazir Afzal, who took the rare step of reinstating the prosecution of two of the perpetrators thus overturning the previous disgraceful decision to drop it, is himself of Pakistani origin although British born?
Of course, many Muslims will be aghast and revolted by the behaviour of these men. But the fact that Muslims are disproportionately represented among the perpetrators of this particular crime means inescapably that a cultural Muslim issue is involved. If this is not acknowledged, this terrible pattern of abuse will simply continue. And those who shriek ‘racist' or ‘Islamophobe' at all who point this out in order to stifle proper debate thus make themselves also complicit in these outrages.
“Disclosure (in accordance with the FTC's 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising”): Many thanks to Propeller Consulting, LLC for providing this prize for the giveaway. Choice of winners and opinions are 100% my own and NOT influenced by monetary compensation. I did receive a sample of the product in exchange for this review and post.
Written by bestselling author Caroline B. Cooney, “I'm Going To Give You A Bear Hug” is a delightful comforting bedtime book that is sure to be cherished. I was thrilled to add it to our collection as both my husband and myself take turns spending the end of each day reading aloud to our five kiddos.
The book takes you on a journey through all of the wonderful ways that children may give or receive hugs through simple and sweet rhymes and beautiful, playful photos. Kids will be gleefully giggling as they visit a variety of animals, waddle through muck, think about wet and drippy – slimy slippy fish hugs, and more.
It's a delightful tale that our kids have enjoyed and our 2 year old especially loves all the animals spread on the pages throughout this book.
Buy It: Head over to Zondervan to learn more and pick up your very own copy today!
Connect: Don't forget to like Zonderkidz on Facebook, follow them on Twitter and Pinterest, and Instagram for all the latest news and promotions.
Win It: FlyBy Promotions is generously offering one of our lucky readers their very own “I'm Going To Give You A Bear Hug” Children's Book! This giveaway is open to the Continental US only and will end February 10th, 2017. **Only one entrant per mailing address, per giveaway . If you have won a prize from our sponsor Propeller / FlyBy Promotions in the last 30 days, you are not eligible to win. Or if you have won the same prize on another blog, you are not eligible to win it again. Winner is subject to eligibility verification.** For your chance to win, enter the Giveaway Tools below. Good luck!
Entry Form
I'm a city girl turned country by my awesome husband and we have three busy boys and two darling daughters. I love spending time with my family, reading Karen Kingsbury novels, and catching up with friends while our kiddos have play dates. I'm blessed beyond measure and can't wait to see what God has in store.
Follow Miranda on Pinterest | Twitter| Blog | Instagram http://www.emilyreviews.com/category/miranda
Related posts we've written:
Still, many fear a convention will “run away” and threaten fundamental aspects of our constitutional tradition. Critics say that the convention that gave us our own Constitution did just that, and indeed, changed the rules by which amendments to our first constitution, the Articles of Confederation, could be ratified.
But that fear is grounded in an embarrassingly sloppy misunderstanding of our history. The framing convention was not convened pursuant to any clause in the Articles of Confederation. It's not even clear that the convention was convened in response to any act by Congress. The framing convention, properly understood, was a traditional “constitutional convention,” exercising an “unalienable right,” as affirmed by Jefferson in the Declaration of Independence, to “alter or abolish” their then-failing government.
Our Constitution does not give Congress the power to convene such a convention. The convention that Congress can convene is instead very different. Its only power is to “propose Amendments.” By the plain language of the Constitution, those amendments are not valid unless they are ratified by 38 states. No one is talking about a second constitutional convention. The only question is whether to convene a body that can propose amendments that Congress itself can control.
“But what if,” the skeptics ask, “the convention proposes a crazy or partisan amendment?”
What if? It takes 38 states to ratify an amendment—which means the vote of one house in 13 states could block it. There are 18 state legislatures controlled by the Democratic Party, and 27 state legislatures controlled by the Republicans. There is no serious chance that a partisan amendment would not find 13 states to veto it. It just can't happen.
“But isn't it possible?” the opponents insist.
Sure, there's a chance. A tiny, tiny chance. Just like there's a chance that an ambulance dispatched to save your 6-year-old might have an accident on the way and injure the driver. But no one would excuse the driver for refusing to drive because of that chance—we'd call it cowardice. Regardless of the tiny risk, there's an almost certain harm to the 6-year-old if the driver stays home.
That's the same choice facing legislatures across the country just now, in almost the same terms. Because the reality is, however bad things are, those of us over 50 (with jobs and some security) are going to do just fine. We, as a nation, are wrecking the climate. But it's our kids who will suffer the consequences of that. We are driving up an endless debt—that they, not we, will pay. Social Security will be around for us. Healthcare may be expensive, but our nation will be able to afford it—for us. And any epidemic in childhood obesity is not a problem for grandpa or grandma. The inability of our government to act is a catastrophic problem for our kids, not for us. And the refusal to act to find a way out of this mess is yet another decision to spare us while taxing our kids.
GrabHitch JB-SG, which will launch on June 20, lets drivers with extra space in their vehicles pick up fellow passengers who are also travelling across the Causesway in both directions. ― TODAY pic
SINGAPORE, June 13 — Commuters heading to-and-from Singapore and Johor will soon have the option to carpool with other passengers thanks to Grab's first cross-border ride-sharing service announced today.
GrabHitch JB-SG, which will launch on June 20, lets drivers with extra space in their vehicles pick up fellow passengers who are also travelling across the Causesway in both directions. With GrabHitch JB-SG, both drivers and passengers can “pay less for their daily commute, meet new people, and enjoy the safety, comfort and convenience of point-to-point transportation”, the company said in a media release.
Passengers can pre-book rides up to seven days in advance, and up to 30 minutes before the pickup time by selecting a pickup and drop-off location. Drivers and passengers will be notified when a successful match of the route is found.
Fares are calculated based on the distance of the ride and a fixed cross-border surcharge.
According to Grab, a ride from the Johor Baru City Square to Orchard Road could cost a passenger around RM20, and S$14 (RM42,20) in the opposite direction. Fares will be shown upfront to ensure transparency, said Grab.
Grab will be running a special promotion for Johor-bound rides from June 20 to August 20, where passengers can enjoy S$5 off all weekday trips that are above 10km. Commuters must enter the promo code “hitch2jb” when making a booking to enjoy the promo. ― TODAY
We are not going to stream the Opening Ceremonies live. Those will be curated and will air one hour after they occur, as will take place with us on NBC broadcast network as well. We think it's important to give the context to the show. These Opening Ceremonies will be a celebration of Brazilian culture, of Rio, of the pageantry, of the excitement, of the flair that this beautiful nation has. We think it's important that we're able to put that in context for the viewer so that it's not just a flash of color. So we will air that on a one-hour delay…
They will both [television and online] be on a simultaneous hour delay. That's consistent with what we did in London [at the 2012 Summer Olympics] and what we did in Sochi [at the 2014 Winter Olympics]…
The question, I would say, is: If we were to air it live, and we were going to put commercials in the Games - because we are a public company and have duties to our shareholders - which parts would they like us to cut out?
—
Should I go to graduate school?
Short answer: no.
Long answer: maybe, but only if you have some glimmering of what you are about to do to yourself. Undergraduates coming out of liberal arts institutions are particularly vulnerable to ignorance in this regard. For four years, they've been asked to take chances, experiment, change course when it suits them, freely enrich their minds and their hearts. Most such students then approach careers with something of the same spirit, and generally, they should. Take some chances after you graduate, try different things. Why not?
Just don't try graduate school in an academic subject with the same spirit of carefree experimention. Medical school, sure. Law school, no problem. But a Ph.D in an academic field? Forget it. If you take one step down that path, I promise you, it'll hurt like blazes to get off, even if you're sure that you want to quit after only one year.
Two years in, and quitting will be like gnawing your own leg off.
Past that, and you're talking therapy and life-long bitterness.
It's not because academia is so great that anyone denied it is forever shattered. Don't get me wrong: as one of the lucky few to get into a tenure-track position, I am loving it. Every day is a hoot: this is a truly privileged situation. I love my job, and my job is my life, or a big part of it. But the problem here is that academia is also insidious. If its peculiar subculture suits your personality and your skills, then grad school is worth enduring.
If you and academic life are a mismatch, then grad school won't help you discover that. It will just confuse you even more.
What you need to know first is that graduate school will almost inevitably suck. A lucky few have a great time. They're the exception. For most, it will hurt. It will be humiliating. If you have suckled off the mother's milk of the approval of your teachers until the point you arrive for your first graduate seminar, get ready to have a professor dislike you for no other reason than he or she disagrees with you. It won't matter that you do all the work and do it well. You'll be treated like a colleague inasmuch as you will be subject to the bruising ideological, intellectual and social conflicts that characterize academic life. Your views and actions will be taken seriously in that sense. But they'll be taken seriously at exactly the moment that you most lack any platform to stand upon, when you lack any independent profile outside of your relationships with your professors and your discipline.
No one is going to pat you on the head and tell you how wonderfully smart you are for sassing them anymore.
That time of your life is over.
Graduate school is not about learning. If you learn things, it's only because you've already internalized the habit of learning, only because you make the effort on your own and in concert with fellow graduate students. You learn because that's what you do now, that's your life. Don't go into it expecting to extend the kinds of heathily collaborative relationships you have had to date with your teachers and don't go into it expecting to extend the kinds of educational nurturing you have had to date. Graduate school is not education. It is socialization. It is about learning to behave, about mastering a rhetorical and discursive etiquette as mind-blowingly arcane as table manners at a state dinner in 19th Century Western Europe.
Graduate school is cotillion for eggheads.
For all these reasons, graduate school is not something you want to experiment with. Think heroin–this is your brain, this is your brain on graduate school. Think Al Pacino in “Godfather 3”–just when you think you are out, you will be sucked back in again. Academia, especially in the humanities and the social sciences, is a total culture. It colonizes most aspects of your life. You are never not an academic–the little mental tape recorder is on all the time, or it had better be if you want to be good at this life. Anything is grist for my mill as a teacher and a scholar, and that is as it should be. Graduate school is, if anything, even more totalizing than this. It gets into your pores.
Somewhere in the back of your head, your dissertation or your oral exams will be burrowing outwards through your brain tissue with incisors of fear.
If you decide in your first year that it is not for you–indeed, suppose you conclude that you're better than all of this, a broader, richer thinker who can't be constrained by the ivory tower–you will still have to deal with the nagging fear that somehow, some way, you just weren't good enough, that you couldn't cut the mustard. That fear will almost certainly be wrong. Perseverance can get most students through graduate school. You should feel good about how well you know yourself if you decide to quit. But academia is a total culture. It changes your standards for what is good and what is bad, what is smart and what is dumb.
Independently evaluating academic life from within its confines is a near-impossibility.
Past your second year of study, you will no longer know how to. I don't think you can again until you have finished and come out the other side with a Ph.D. I feel like I've got perspective again now, but it takes time and distance–and the clarity that comes from making it all the way through. If you quit in between, even when it is right and proper that you do so, even when you should feel triumphantly scornful of all academia has to offer you personally, your own yardsticks for achievement will have been so altered that you will spend years exorcising all the little spectres of doubt that follow you away from the ivy walls.
All of these dire warnings don't even touch on the overwhelming issue of the job market.
That's a whole different kettle of fish, and equally troubling, and potentially an equal disincentive to pursue academic training at this time. A Ph.D in the humanities is useful for one thing only these days, and that's being an academic. I don't think that is the way it should be, and I hope reforms will be possible in the near future. But that is the way it is for the moment. Take this issue seriously as well, but consider it independently from the other challenges that graduate work presents.
If you're thinking you might want to pick up that Ph.D., then be sure before you apply. Take time away from college. That will tell you how much you want to be back in this life. Love your subject well before you ever start, because that passion will be tested mightily.
18 Feb 2015
EUROPE: Announcing preliminary results for 2014 on February 18, Eurostar International Ltd reported sales revenue of £867m, up 1% from £857m the year before or 4% at constant exchange rates. Like-for-like operating profit was up 2% at £55m from £54m the year before, reflecting ‘additional non-cash charges' made against the value of the existing rolling stock fleet following the decision to purchase seven additional Velaro e320 trainsets from Siemens.
In 2014 Eurostar recorded 10∙4 million passenger-journeys, up 3% from 10∙1 million the year before. This performance was underpinned ‘by the strong recovery in the UK economy which also led to an increase in business travel bookings throughout the year', said Eurostar, with the number of business travellers up 4% on 2013.
‘Our new e320 trains are now in the final months of testing and on schedule to come into commercial service at the end of this year', said Eurostar Chief Executive Nicolas Petrovic. ‘As we introduce new trains, upgrade our stations and invest in our service, passengers can look forward to a complete transformation of their travel experience'.
Eurostar says that it is investing over £1bn in rolling stock, including £100m to refurbish its current fleet alongside the acquisition of 17 Siemens e320 trainsets.
Petrovic reported that ticket sales for year-round direct services from London to Lyon, Avignon and Marseille, due to start operating on May 1, had ‘got off to a cracking start'. This demonstrated ‘the enduring popularity of the region and the growing appetite among passengers for choosing high-speed rail over plane for travel further into mainland Europe', he said.
I am a child of the South, in a big way. My maternal grandmother spent her hours on the front porch with old black women, sewing and drinking tea and - depending on what you believe - working a little old-style magic. My paternal grandfather was a police detective and an officer of some rank in the Ku Klux Klan. I grew up steeped in the complex Southern life of racism and the odd counter-current of interconnectedness that crossed color lines.
Yes, there was racism. But there were also color-blind friendships. It's hard to elucidate the swirling currents of that culture - especially at the bottom rungs, where white and black mingled via economic destiny - and the hundred ways they pushed us together and apart. It's hard to redraw the stereotypes you may have in your head and replace the caricatures of racist Southern whites.
But the fact of it is this: I knew a lot of good people that used Gile's term of art - including my dad, who wouldn't think twice about helping anyone of any color, even as he dropped n-words in casual speech without a thought. I knew real racists, and I knew decent people who treated everyone the same, but expressed the differences between people (real and imagined) in the terms they learned as children. I knew people who traveled back and forth on that spectrum, and people who never let a racist word drop by their lips, or gave the smallest sign that they subscribed to any prejudice - and some of those latter were good people, and some of them were ruthless fucks no sane person would turn their back on.
Like I said, complex.
That background means I can forgive someone like Giles dropping an offensive term from his childhood. It means I can see his "colored people" follow-up as just kind of sad joke, just an old man that doesn't quite know what world he's in today.
But I can't forgive a party that still puts guys like Giles, whatever his good points, on a County Commission. My dad was a good guy - widely loved - but even if he hadn't died over thirty years ago, I wouldn't want to see him filling a seat on any public body in 2013. The way he thought, the way he saw the world - regardless of his character, his heart, his spirit - did not belong to this century.
Our lives are short. Rare exceptions aside, the fact is most people can only change so much in their lifetime. The residuals, the flotsam of our native eras, cling to us all the days of our lives. We can shake off a lot of it, but I'm not sure how much.
A part of me will always be of the South, in that era of the 70's and 80's. And a part of my dad would always have been of the South of the 30's and 40's.
We are what we are. That's why generations come in, one after another, like waves. Each new wave takes the torch and carries us forward a bit more, carries us forward past the point that last generation could have reached.
The GOP, for all their rebranding - or talk of rebranding - have still kept that torch in the hands of a past generation, of people who don't feel, don't see, don't understand the world they actually live in, versus the world they remember.
Commissioner Gile's comment is a punch-line; that Giles is still the kind of person Republicans elect to lead them is a eulogy.
Where was Padmini Kolhapure when Prince William and his spouse Kate Middleton charmed Bollywood celebrities at a gala reception in Mumbai?
One could not spot her in the pictures, but I can imagine Ms. Kolhapure, if invited, could have gone up to the British royal and whispered: “Guess what? I kissed your dad!”
Long ago, in 1980, when the city was called Bombay, the actress who has acted in appropriately titled films such as Prem Rog, shot to her 15 minutes of global fame when she kissed Prince Charles on his cheek, a year before his subsequently rocky marriage to Lady Diana Spencer.
As many as 35 years more have passed, and Indians are still not shedding their obsession with British royals. And you thought we had won Independence in 1947 and have changed the names of cities to prove we have.
But no sir. Chennai, Mumbai and Kolkata have not changed the attitudes we saw in the erstwhile Madras, Bombay and Calcutta.
Er, may we add Connaught Place turned Rajiv Chowk to that list?
On the one hand, there may be nationalist pride in renaming our cities, but in reality, even powerful, rich and famous Indians, are in awe of the British royals.
I would call it an ironic display of low self-esteem.
Because officially, India has moved on.
Britain's Prince William and his wife, Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, put off their shoes before paying homage to Mahatma Gandhi during a visit to ''Gandhi Smriti'' in New Delhi on Monday. (PTI)
Read | Sachin bowled over by their humility: Will-Kate pick up the willow at Oval
Sardar Vallabhai Patel brought princes of India into the mainstream of democratic politics with his unification act. Most royal titles were subsequently abolished. In 1950, going one step ahead of the UK, which only has an unwritten constitution, India became a regular republic with a proper Constitution – albeit blessed a British blueprint.
In 1971, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi abolished the Privy Purse to erstwhile royals in a momentous year that also saw her fend off threats of the US 7th Fleet to liberate Bangladesh with a war victory over Washington-blessed Pakistan.
Those were all grand acts of sovereignty by a proud, though still poor, nation.
India follows diplomatic protocol with nations worldwide. Leaders and officials have procedures that follow a like-for-like pattern in which seniority, dignity and equality are sought after.
However, nothing in any of that stops our film stars, cricketers and assorted celebrities from drooling over British royals – and the media gushes to match and feed their frenzy. It is as if the current royals are proxies for the long departed but much missed viceroy and his lady.
Every time a serving Indian prime minister visits a developed Western country, the local media mostly takes a muted note, despite talk of gains in trade and strategic partnerships. But figurehead royals from Britain are enough for Indians.
Diplomatic protocol and political sovereignty are apparently no match for the soft power of colonial charms. You can change Bombay to Mumbai, but you can't make India's celebrities feel it.
Sachin Tendulkar, India's most respected cricketer, Shah Rukh Khan, Bollywood's biggest celebrity, and even industrialist Rahul Bajaj, whose grandfather was a freedom fighter, were among those in attendance for “WillKat” literally walking a red carpet as they arrived in India last weekend for a week-long visit.
A combo picture shows, from left to right, Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton wearing the creation of Alexander McQueen (red), Indian designer Anita Dongre's Mughal prints inspired tunic, British designer Jenny Packham's royal blue beaded gown and Emilia Wickstea's cream dress during her India visit. (PTI)
Read | Stars and the royals: William and Kate get a taste of Bollywood
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, as the royals are called, are no doubt good looking, alluring and all that. But what really scores is the aura – the brand equity – of colonial charm.
There is something about colonial vestiges: it weaves a charming sense of inadequacy even among great achievers. Much like a Mills & Boon woman of the old-fashioned romantic novels looking for the approving male gaze, movie stars, cricketers and entpreneurs alike love the blessings of the colonials.
We have won the World Cup in cricket twice, the first time in the land of its birth. The current British government is worried about Tata Steel pulling out of UK, which might hurt local jobs badly. We live in an age when Apple phones are made in China and Boeing jets run on software written in India.
But let all that not stop the gush festivals.
First Published: Apr 11, 2016 18:00 IST
Choi Yoojung recently attended fellow former I.O.I member Jeon Somi's middle school graduation to congratulate her. Yoojung also took photos with Somi and her family, which were recently posted on Somi's younger sister's Instagram.
On March 4, Evelyn posted four photos with the caption, “It's a bit late but thank you Choi Yoojung!” Yoojung not only took a friendly photo with Somi, but also took a family photo with Somi's family and a silly photo with her father, Matthew Douma.
Meanwhile, Choi Yoojung and fellow label mate Kim Doyeon are in the United States for an artist training program in preparation for their debut. On the other hand, Jeon Somi is currently making appearances on variety shows and is part of the fixed cast for Sister's Slam Dunk Season 2.
Source (1)
We've kicked off our review of 2013 with our top 50 tracks (here and here) of the year, a number of which had previously received our attention. However, as much as we pride ourselves on being a pan-global-source-for-all-things-fucking-awesome (hint: sarcasm), one of the primary ingredient's of the SV aim is to highlight the 805. The last 12 months have been a very special time for the area, as a number of prominent artists (The Flaming Lips, Rustie, Andrew Bird, Devendra Banhart, Kastle, Goldroom –you see what I mean?) have set foot on our sun-strucken streets, providing even more proof that SB is not a mere pit stop between Los Angeles and San Francisco. But more than just sold out shows from well-to-do names in passing, the SB family has much to be proud of from its own artistic output in 2013, with a number of its children crafting a diverse body of stellar work — we live in a culture milieu, don't you forget it.
So without further ado (drumroll please), here is the best Santa Barbara had to offer in 2013:
A Sol Mechanic
For obvious reasons, we do our best to stray away from the referential mention of other music outlets, but when a local artist receives attention from a substantially larger and deeply-rooted institution, it's our duty and our privilege to cover it. Back in August, LA born and SB native David Blazer, and his beat-making project A Sol Mechanic, were featured on all-thing-electronic-music powerhouse XLR8R for a track on his Emotion Terrace EP titled “1992”. “1992” is a strain of contemporary-focused beat work, marrying the “crunchy boom-bap” of today's en vogue artists with golden soundscapes and retro-vibe sample work. Included in X's top 100 downloads of 2013, the Stereocure affiliate may have had his day this year — but we expect him to have many more in the future.
Gardens & Villa
Santa Barbara space rockers Gardens & Villa announced their return in a big way in November, with the release of their first track off their forthcoming sophomore full-length, Dunes. Like the music found on G&V's eponymous debut, “Bullet Train” sounds as if it were filtered through shaded sunglasses, with no colors popping too brightly, and all of the arrangements seamlessly blending together. But after a soft rock bridge around the 1:20 mark that evokes Ariel Pink's muzak mutations, the song takes off on the best chorus Gardens has written yet, as lead vocalist Chris Lynch's neurotic croon gets unhinged over a tightly drawn guitar phrase. Already signed to major indie label Secretly Canadian, (Damian Jurado, The War on Drugs) G&V and their galactic fever should have a lot to look forward to in 2014.
Ultraviolet
We've been fans of local indie rock outfit Ultraviolet for a while now, noting in our Fall Quarterly Zine that their “sophisticated take on psychedelic songwriting” sets them apart from most other 805 guitar-based bands. With the release of their first Soft Ornaments EP earlier this month, the three-piece made our prognostication look that more relevant. Ornaments' first track “Waves” was actually premiered on our site, a full-bodied effort of winding psych rock with reverb-dipped cooing, skittering synth pads, and delicately plucked guitar that enveloped the listener in a similar fashion to Grizzly Bear's Yellowhouse and Radiohead's Hail to the Chief.
“Sugary Verse” was unveiled a week later, pairing Violet's premiere effort with an almost 6 minute strain fit for any David Lynch film. With the drifting vocals of keyboardist Sid Feddema narrating some sort of subterranean nightmare, industrial-sounding drum machines and harrowing reverb clench for the throat, only to set it free in the closing moments.
Future Relic
Tayler Lane and his Future Relic project arrived at the top of the SB-house-music-food-chain in 2013. Mining an artistic territory similar to Shadow Child, Druid Cloak, and Dusky, Future Relic's work displays crisp percussive grooves, carefully carved bass lines, and a professional-level attention to sonic atmosphere. Those atmospheres, by the way, may just be Relic's strong suit. On the track we featured earlier this month, titled “Starbloom Skies” , Lane bravely breaks the song down around the 1:30 mark, creating a huge cavern of reverb and expertly engineered stereo touches. When the song suddenly hits back into its main groove, we get a cabinet-shaking bass punch that would play well on just about any sound system. Beautiful bell percussion lingers somewhere toward the back of the mix, showing Lane has been doing his homework on how to create dark, sensuous ambience without the listener even noticing. We're crossing our fingers that Lane can land some sort of record deal in the near future; this cat deserves it.
Eddie Atom
After graduating from UCSB last Spring, Eddie Atom (full name- Eddie Perez) began his second LP Two Realms, and boy was it a doozy. Described by Atom as “a reaction to what's expected of you after you achieve academic goals and trying to realize who you are,” Two Realms split the aesthetic divide between “organic” and “electronic” as well as any artist we listened to this year. There were well-crafted songs filled with well-turned ideas; using acoustic guitar, a range of synthetic textures, and a willingness to explore everything from Spanish flamenco to UK acid house. Let's just say we may have enjoyed this work considerably enough to include in a future installment of the Best of 2013 (hint – albums – hint).
Underbelly
Timmy Linetsky and his Underbelly alias have as much steam as any SB artist heading into the new year. Only a freshman, Underbelly released a five-track EP in 2013 entitled Liquid Phase that was culled from a 365-day-long period in which he produced one new beat every day dating back to 2011. As Linetsky says, he sifted through the many half-baked (in his words, terrible) tracks that came from this challenge, finding a few gems that were worthy of sonic shape-ups. The resultant work was one of divergent styles and well-executed ideas. Phases closer — a re-work of Lily Allen's “Smile” that utilizes 90′s style turntable breaks and delicate strings — has accrued over 38,000 views since the song was made public under its new title in early December. Wow.
If you're interested in seeing Underbelly perform (as you should be), he will be opening up for Bay Area beat-maker Giraffage on January 16th at Soho.
Dante Elephante
KCSB-FM announced the formation of Bank Burner Records in 2013, with local surf rock heroes Dante Elephante being the imprint's first signee. The 7′ release featured two tracks — “Don't Trust a Junkie” and “Kogi” — of frisky surf rock and sing-out-loud-catharthis that would make Frank Black and Nathan Williams feel right at home.
Ghost Tiger
Ghost Tiger are a five-piece local outfit specializing in the kind of organic, heart-on-your-sleeve romantics found in similar artists like Sharon Van Etten and Edward Sharpe (minus the jesus freak shtick). Built around the wry poetry of frontwoman Alixandra Macmillan-Fiedel, Ghost Tiger's music incorporates earthy guitar work, layered harmonies, and an especially active rhythm section– “folky” and “groovy” aren't words you'd typically use to describe a band in one breath, but the combination of Chris Stansell's complex percussion and bassist Kevin Evans's airtight lines makes for music that's engaging to both ass and intellect. Back in November, we premiered the exclusive video debut of Tiger's single “Covered in Gold”, a waltzing ballad that captures the band at their most pastoral, with halcyon guitars that conjure open plains and a chorus filled with all the longing and defiance of folk music proper.
In our news media, in our press, those who wield power were, in the lead-up to Iraq, given the opportunity to present their views as a coherent whole, to connect the dots, as they saw the dots and the connections... no matter how much these views may have flown in the face of precedent, established practice -- or, indeed, the facts (as we are reminded, yet again, by the just-released Senate report on the administration's use of pre-war intelligence). The powerful are given this opportunity still, in ways big and small, despite what you may hear about the "post-Katrina" press.
But when a tough question is asked and not answered, when reputable people come before the public and say, "wait a minute, something's not right here," the press has treated them like voices crying in the wilderness. These views, though they might be given air time, become lone dots -- dots that journalists don't dare connect, even if the connections are obvious, even if people on the Internet and in the independent press are making these very same connections. The mainstream press doesn't connect these dots because someone might then accuse them of editorializing, or of being the, quote, 'liberal media.'
But connecting these dots -- making disparate facts make sense -- is a big part of the real work of journalism.
So how does this happen? Why does this happen?
Let me say, by way of answering, that quality news of integrity starts with an owner who has guts.
In a news organization with an owner who has guts, there is an incentive to ask the tough questions, and there is an incentive to pull together the facts -- to connect the dots -- in a way that makes coherent sense to the news audience.
But it is rare, now, to find a major news organization owned by an individual, someone who can say, in effect, "The buck stops here." The more likely motto now is: "The news stops... with making bucks."
America's biggest, most important news organizations have, over the past 25 years, fallen prey to merger after merger, acquisition after acquisition... to the point where they are, now, tiny parts of immeasurably larger corporate entities -- entities whose primary business often has nothing to do with news. Entities that may, at any given time, have literally hundreds of regulatory issues before multiple arms of the government concerning a vast array of business interests.
These are entities that, as publicly held and traded corporations, have as their overall, reigning mandate: Provide a return on shareholder value. Increase profits. And not over time, not over the long haul, but quarterly.
7am – sporadic rioting stil going on off Tottenham High Road. Looting still going on. Hatred towards cops has not dissipated. There are many people on the streets now giving cops severe verbals and shouting at them.Have not seen a riot like this with so much hatred, property damage and lasting into daylight since Toxteth 1981. A community united has given the cops a complete and well justified hammering.After years of getting away with murder and useless IPCC inquiries people have finlly had enough and let it rip. We can hope that other places follow Tottenham's lead. While Cameron and osborne live it up on holiday Britain burns. The Met sare a useless bunch of corrupt fuckwits. At last the working class have re-entered the arena. BIGTIME. THE REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH IN TORY BRITAIN HAS BEGUN!
Advertisements
The evolution of heteromorphic sex chromosomes has repeatedly resulted in the evolution of sex chromosome-specific forms of regulation, including sex chromosome dosage compensation in the soma and meiotic sex chromosome inactivation in the germline. In the male germline of Drosophila melanogaster, a novel but poorly understood form of sex chromosome-specific transcriptional regulation occurs that is distinct from canonical sex chromosome dosage compensation or meiotic inactivation. Previous work shows that expression of reporter genes driven by testis-specific promoters is considerably lower—approximately 3-fold or more—for transgenes inserted into X chromosome versus autosome locations. Here we characterize this transcriptional suppression of X-linked genes in the male germline and its evolutionary consequences. Using transgenes and transpositions, we show that most endogenous X-linked genes, not just testis-specific ones, are transcriptionally suppressed several-fold specifically in the Drosophila male germline. In wild-type testes, this sex chromosome-wide transcriptional suppression is generally undetectable, being effectively compensated by the gene-by-gene evolutionary recruitment of strong promoters on the X chromosome. We identify and experimentally validate a promoter element sequence motif that is enriched upstream of the transcription start sites of hundreds of testis-expressed genes; evolutionarily conserved across species; associated with strong gene expression levels in testes; and overrepresented on the X chromosome. These findings show that the expression of X-linked genes in the Drosophila testes reflects a balance between chromosome-wide epigenetic transcriptional suppression and long-term compensatory adaptation by sex-linked genes. Our results have broad implications for the evolution of gene expression in the Drosophila male germline and for genome evolution.
The evolution of different sex chromosomes (e.g., X and Y) has occurred many times in animals and plants. One consequence of having different chromosome copy numbers between the sexes (XY males and XX females) is the evolution of sex chromosome-specific regulation, both in the soma (i.e., X chromosome dosage compensation) and in the male germline (i.e., meiotic sex chromosome inactivation). Understanding how the X is regulated in the male germline has implications for gene expression, the evolution of sex chromosome-specific gene content, and speciation. Surprisingly, how the X chromosome is regulated in the Drosophila melanogaster male germline remains unclear. We have characterized X suppression, a novel form of X chromosome transcriptional regulation specific to the Drosophila male germline. Our results reveal that transcription of the X is suppressed 2- to 4-fold for endogenous genes. We show that the X chromosome has evolved strong testis-specific promoters via the gene-by-gene recruitment of sequence elements that counteract transcriptional suppression of the X chromosome. These findings reveal a novel form of X chromosome regulation and lead to a new model for the control of gene expression in the Drosophila male germline.
Funding: DCP was supported by grant no. 000596 from the David and Lucile Packard Foundation ( www.packard.org ), grant no. BR-5006 from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation ( www.sloan.org ), and funds from the University of Rochester. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Here we further characterize the regulation of X chromosome gene expression in the Drosophila male germline. First, we test if X suppression is restricted to genes with testis-specific promoters or is more general. Second, we test if X suppression is limited to transgene constructs having transposable elements as vectors—i.e., does X suppression correspond to a form of transposon silencing that differs between the X and autosomes? Third, we test if X suppression is specific to the male germline. Fourth, we test if X-autosome translocations show evidence of X suppression (or MSCI) in Drosophila testes. Finally, we present evidence that X-linked genes have adapted to X suppression via the recruitment of strong testis-specific promoters. We computationally identify and then functionally validate a promoter element that drives strong expression in the testis, is especially enriched in the promoters of testis-specific genes on the X chromosome, and is evolutionarily conserved. Our results reveal that the X chromosome has evolved strong testis-specific promoters via the gene-by-gene recruitment of sequence elements that counteract sex chromosome-wide transcriptional suppression in the Drosophila male germline. The strong promoters on the X chromosome effectively compensate the effects of transcriptional suppression, rendering X suppression undetectable except via genetic manipulations that move genes between the X and autosomes. These findings lead to a new model for the control of gene expression in the male germline and have clear implications for the evolution of gene expression, gene duplication, and gene location in the genome.
Two genetic findings have been suggested as evidence for MSCI in Drosophila. First, ~75% of X-autosome reciprocal translocations cause dominant male sterility (autosome-autosome translocations do not), as might be expected if putative allocyclic condensation of the sex chromosomes, and hence MSCI, is disrupted ([ 50 ]; but see Results below). Second, and more direct, the expression levels of transgene reporters in the Drosophila male germline are consistently lower for X-linked insertions than autosomal ones ([ 51 – 53 ]; see also [ 54 ]). In particular, promoters from five genes (two autosomal, three X-linked) with normally strong testis expression have been found to drive 3- to 8-fold lower expression of the lacZ reporter when the transgenes reside on the X chromosome ([ 51 – 53 ]; see also [ 54 ]). If the X chromosome undergoes MSCI, then X-linked transgenes may be prematurely silenced in primary spermatocytes, yielding lower average expression than autosomal transgenes [ 51 , 54 ]. The transgene findings are compelling, but some aspects of the data are difficult to reconcile with MSCI. For one, endogenous X-linked genes are not expressed ≥3-fold lower than autosomal genes in testes [ 40 , 41 , 48 ]. For another, RNA in situ analyses show that some X-linked transgene reporters initiate transcription relatively late in primary spermatocytes—i.e., at precisely the stage that MSCI is expected to silence the X [ 53 ]. Finally, the transcriptional suppression of some X-linked transgene reporters is detectable early in the male germline, in cells enriched for mitotic gonialblasts, prior to any putative MSCI [ 40 ]. Thus, while the transcriptional suppression of X-linked transgenes—which, for convenience, we hereafter term X suppression—is a real and robust phenomenon, it probably does not correspond to canonical MSCI (as in mammals or worms).
How sex chromosome gene expression is regulated in the Drosophila male germline has proved surprisingly difficult to resolve. Despite early claims that the X chromosome and autosomes are expressed at similar levels (e.g., [ 35 , 36 ]), sex chromosome-specific dosage compensation appears absent in the Drosophila male germline. First, key components of the MSL complex are not expressed in testes, and those that are do not localize to the X chromosome, indicating a lack of MSL-mediated sex chromosome dosage compensation [ 37 – 39 ]. Second, median expression of the X chromosome is ~1.5-fold lower relative to autosomes, consistent with basal but not sex chromosome dosage compensation [ 40 – 42 ]. Similarly, MSCI may also be absent from the Drosophila male germline, as previous data from cytology, microarray analyses, and indirect genetic evidence have failed to settle the question. Direct cytological evidence is inconclusive or lacking [ 34 , 43 – 46 ], and microarray analyses do not demonstrate the expected strong global down-regulation of X-linked gene expression as cells progress from premeiotic to meiotic stages of spermatogenesis ([ 40 , 47 ]; but see [ 48 , 49 ]).
MSCI has also evolved independently in taxa with XY (e.g., mammal) and XO systems (e.g., nematode, grasshoppers [ 25 – 27 ]); it is unclear if MSCI acts in ZW systems [ 28 , 29 ]. During MSCI in XY and XO systems, sex chromosomes are sequestered into a subcompartment of the nucleus and decorated with epigenetic modifications characteristic of heterochromatin formation and/or transcriptional silencing [ 26 – 29 ]. In mice, MSCI strongly impacts gene expression, resulting in the ~10-fold down-regulation of ~80% of X-linked genes in spermatocytes [ 30 , 31 ]. Like sex chromosome dosage compensation, the molecular basis of MSCI differs among taxa [ 12 , 13 ], but, unlike dosage compensation, the function of MSCI is still unclear [ 13 ]. It has been suggested that MSCI is an epigenetic form of host genome defense against selfish genetic elements [ 13 , 32 , 33 ] or that it functions to prevent recombination events between non-homologous X and Y chromosomes [ 34 ].
Sex chromosome dosage compensation has evolved in taxa with XY (Drosophila, mammal), XO (nematode), and, to varying degrees, ZW systems [ 14 – 17 ]. While the mode and molecular basis of dosage compensation differs among taxa, the function is the same [ 10 , 18 ]. In the somatic cells of Drosophila melanogaster males, the single X chromosome is dosage compensated by two mechanisms. First, generic basal dosage compensation mechanisms—including buffering and gene-specific regulation—result in an average ~1.5-fold increase in expression from the X [ 19 ]. Second, sex chromosome-specific dosage compensation up-regulates X-linked genes a further ~1.35-fold via the recruitment of the Male-Specific Lethal (MSL) protein-RNA complex to chromatin entry sites enriched for a GA-rich ~21-bp MSL recognition element (MRE) [ 20 , 21 ]. In several Drosophila lineages, neo-X chromosomes—i.e., ancestral autosomes that now segregate as sex chromosomes—have independently co-opted MSL-mediated dosage compensation via the de novo evolution of MREs [ 22 – 24 ].
Heteromorphic sex chromosomes—e.g., XY males in Drosophila and mammals and ZW females in birds and butterflies—have evolved independently numerous times in animals and in plants [ 1 , 2 ]. The different chromosome copy numbers between the sexes and the general lack of recombination between X and Y (Z and W) chromosomes have resulted in the evolution of sex chromosome-specific gene contents, rates of mutation, rates of evolution, and chromosome-wide forms of regulation [ 3 – 8 ]. Two types of sex chromosome regulation have evolved independently in disparate taxa: sex chromosome dosage compensation, a process that results in roughly equal X:autosome expression levels between the sexes [ 9 , 10 ], and meiotic sex chromosome inactivation (MSCI), the precocious heterochromatinization and transcriptional silencing of the sex chromosomes during meiosis I in the heterogametic sex [ 11 – 13 ].
Results
X Suppression Is Not Limited to Testis-Specific Promoters All previous evidence for transcriptional suppression on the X chromosome in the Drosophila male germline (hereafter, “X suppression”) has come from the study of P-element transgenes in which testis-specific promoters drive the expression of reporter genes [51,53,54]. It is therefore unclear if X suppression is restricted to testis-specific promoters or affects all promoters. We therefore tested if promoters that drive less tissue-specific expression profiles are subject to X suppression. We first confirmed X suppression for lacZ transgene reporters driven by the promoter of the autosomal testis-specific gene ocnus with a subset of X-linked and autosomal inserts used in previous work [51]: ocnus transgenes inserted into X chromosome locations (n = 5) are expressed 14.5-fold lower than those inserted into autosomal ones (n = 5; Table 1). To test if X suppression occurs for less tissue-specific promoters, we assayed testis expression of mini-white for the same transgenes (white is expressed in the male germline [40]): mini-white is expressed 1.7-fold lower from X-linked transgenes than autosomal transgenes (Table 1). Next, to test if X suppression affects promoters that mediate broad expression profiles, we assayed testis expression of transgene reporters driven by Actin 5c (Act5c) and Ubiquitin (Ubi). As Table 1 shows, Act5c and Ubi transgenes are expressed 23.2-fold and 9.6- to 13.8-fold lower on the X compared to autosomes. These results show, for a small sample of promoters (but see below), that X suppression is not limited to genes with testis-specific expression. PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download: Table 1. Testis expression of transgene reporters driven by testis-specific and non-testis–specific promoters. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1002499.t001
Mr. Trump also attacked Mr. Romney, calling him “a choker” and saying he “didn't work like he should have worked” when he was the nominee in 2012. Once Mr. Romney lost, Mr. Trump added, he should have gone “off into the sunset.”
“You don't sit there jealous and sick to your stomach,” he said.
A day earlier, Mr. Romney, in an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, said he feared that Mr. Trump's election would lead to “trickle-down racism” that would “change the character of the generations of Americans that are following.”
Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, gently chided Mr. Romney on Twitter on Friday, writing, “Respect Mitt and differences but couldn't disagree more.”
Adding that the Supreme Court was “too important to lose for generations,” Mr. Priebus ended his post, “Let's stop this and unify.”
Mr. Trump and the party have gotten a late start on fund-raising for the general election and need as many of the party's reliable donors as they can attract. At Mr. Romney's donor retreat on Saturday, Mr. Priebus was more pointed, telling donors opposed to Mr. Trump that the party would “win with or without you,” according to an attendee present for his remarks.
A representative for Ms. Whitman did not respond Saturday to a request for an interview about her comments. Ms. Whitman, according to one of the people present, did not stop at comparing Mr. Trump to Hitler and Mussolini. She also warned the gathering that if Republicans compromised on their principles to win an important election, they would be entering fraught territory.
“What happens next time?” she asked, implying that it could lead to more compromises and more candidates like Mr. Trump.
Some KDE developers are currently discussing a proposal to publish major revisions of the KDE Software Collection every three months, rather than the current six-month cycle. The more rapid rhythm aims to simplify the work on new versions and quickly bring new features to users.
Two of the three months would be used to integrate new functionality, with the third month being designated for preparing the release. The KDE developers' mailing list discussions have been quite constructive, as KDE leader Aaron J Seigo noted in his comments where he responds to issues raised over branching, artwork, marketing and maintenance. "Even if it does not happen, the discussion has been very valuable already. everyone who has engaged in the discussion so far has been pretty awesome. pretty much no bikeshedding, no flaming, thoughtful input. holy crap. :)" added Seigo.
The KDE SC proposed timeline for releases
Source: KDE
According to Luca Beltrame, the openSUSE packagers are against the proposal because the three-month cycle would create extra work and "cause an additional strain for supplying updates". The proposal will also be discussed at the KDE Akademy 2013 running from 13 to 19 July in Bilbao, Spain.
(djwm)
February 28, 2013 12:29 AM | John Polson
OVNI developer vested interest (or fabrIQ on Newgrounds) has created a wonderful puzzler called simian.interface, where players must "align" each image with the mouse to succeed. Sometimes it's filling in squares; other times it's completing rather complicated patterns. Just stick with it past, say, 10 or so puzzles to get even more impressed.
The music by note! adds to the hyper, cyberspace vibe, and I quite enjoy the whole package. If you also enjoy simian.interface, you can pay what you want for a Windows or Mac build and the OST.
Not only does fabrIQ make a great game, he or she has great taste in games, too! Need some more visual encouragement? Click the jump below.
[simian.interface on Newgrounds, PWYW download]
Britain is closing the corporate tax gap with rivals such as Ireland and Luxembourg by slashing a further 1% off corporation tax.
George Osborne announced the cut, bringing the rate of corporation tax to 21% in April 2014, in the same week that he joined the debate over multinationals dodging payments to the Treasury on their UK operations.
It also means the chancellor has further accelerated business tax cuts flagged in the March budget. Instead of cutting corporation tax from 24% to 22% by April 2014, as announced earlier in the year, he is now reducing it to 21%.
Announcing the latest reduction, Osborne compared it favourably to headline rates elsewhere, including the 40% levy in the US, 33% in France and 29% in Germany. "This is the lowest rate of any major western economy. It is an advert for our country that says: come here; invest here; create jobs here; Britain is open for business." The headline UK rate has already been reduced from 26% to 24% this year.
The latest move brings the UK corporation tax rate in line with Luxembourg, which also charges 21% on business profits. Luxembourg's tax regime is viewed by many companies – such as Amazon – as more appealing than Britain's. The UK will still levy a higher rate than Ireland, which has a rate of 12%.
Osborne added that banks would not benefit from the move, as he announced a simultaneous increase in the bank levy. "We will not pass the benefit of this reduced rate on to banks, and to ensure that we meet our revenue commitments, the bank levy rate will be increased to 0.130% next year," he said.
In response to last week's terrorist shooting in San Bernardino that left 14 people dead and another 21 wounded, Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas said Tuesday he wants to explore stricter gun laws.
Ridley-Thomas introduced the measure at Tuesday's meeting which was later adjourned in memory of the victims in San Bernardino. The board will vote on the proposal next week.
Police said Syed Farook, a environmental health specialist for San Bernardino County's Department of Public Health, and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, using assault rifles and handguns “sprayed the room with bullets” at the Inland Regional Center where the county department was holding a training and holiday event.
Ridley-Thomas pointed to the U.S. Supreme Court's decision Monday to reject hearing a challenge to a Chicago suburb's ordinance that banned semiautomatic assault weapons and large-capacity magazines. He said it signaled that local governments have the legal authority to regulate the purchase of “rapid-fire weapons.”
“Now is the time to act,” Ridley-Thomas said.
This summer, the Los Angeles City Council banned the possession of high-capacity magazines.
Ridley-Thomas wants the county sheriff, district attorney, county counsel, the probation chief and heads of the three health departments to report back to the board in 30 days with a recommendation to “prevent violence and improve safety in the workplace and public settings.”
Ridley-Thomas also wants the group to explore options to better enforce existing and/or adopt stricter gun control restrictions and penalties, he said, “especially related to sale or possession of semiautomatic guns and military-style assault weapons.”
He gave several examples of possible regulations, such as deeper background checks for gun sales, requirements for those who purchase guns to buy insurance to cover any taxpayer expenses incurred from the “injurious use of a gun” or taxes on ammunitions and firearms.
Ridley-Thomas also called for the group to make recommendations to improve workplace safety and protocols.
It is time for the county to “explore all of its options,” Supervisor Sheila Kuehl said.
“Believe me, I understand it is not just about guns, but I also understand that it is about guns,” she said. “I can't imagine such a massacre taking place in schools, theaters with baseball bats and knives and having the same kind of result.”
In a memo sent Monday, the county CEO Sachi Hamai said she is working to strengthen security and emergency preparedness measures at county facilities.
Gandhinagar, DeshGujarat
Secretary General of United Nations Ban Ki Moon will launch a 10 MW canal top solar power project which has been set up on Vadodara branch canal of Sardar Sarovar Narmada project.
Sharing details on this, Power Minister Saurabh Patel said that Ban Ki Moon will reach Vadodara after completion of inauguration session and first session of Vibrant Gujarat summit on 11 January and inaugurate the solar power project at 5.00 pm.
He said this first such initiative in which Gujarat's largest canal has been used to generate solar power. Inspired by its success, Ban Ki Moon will visit the project and launch it.
Patel said, then Chief Minister Narendrabhai Modi had guided this project which prevents evaporation of canal water and occupation of land.
He said Gujarat has generated 43.5 lakh unit power by setting up 1 MW canal oriented solar power station in year 2012 at Sanand in length of 750 meters.
Encouraged by success of the pilot project at Sanand, the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited has installed a 10 MW power station in length of 3.6 km on 22.1 meter wide Vadodara branch canal.
With 33,186 solar panels, 14 inverts and 9 transformers, this power station will generate annually about 1.62 crore unit power which will be used at Saurashtra branch canal pumping station.
Video (02:31) : Thousands of protesters from several states turned out before Sunday's football game to protest the Washington team's nickname.
Buoyed by thousands of protesters from Minnesota and at least 10 other states who converged on TCF Stadium on Sunday, activists determined to retire the Washington Redskins nickname vowed to take their campaign to every remaining Washington NFL game this season.
David Glass, president of the National Coalition Against Racism in Sports and Media, said protesters will continue to escalate pressure on the NFL football team, sending activists and banners to demonstrate at the team's home and away games.
Washington owner Daniel Snyder has been adamant that he will not drop the team's name, despite the growing pressure from American Indians, civil rights organizations and politicians who call the term racist and offensive.
In an e-mail Sunday, a team spokesman said that he would have no comment on the demonstration.
Fans standing in line to get into the stadium seemed more interested in football than the substance of the protest. “I don't see the issue, but in today's political correct world, the name is bound to change,” said Chris Wiley, 31, a landscape artist from Pennsylvania and a Washington fan, who flew in to attend the game.
Minneapolis police inspector Kathy Waite of the 2nd Precinct put Sunday's protest crowd at 3,200, while organizers said the number exceeded 5,000. Either way it was the nation's largest protest against the Redskins' nickname.
Protesters march in opposition to the Washington Redskins name.
Police Lt. Gary Nelson said there were no incidents or arrests.
While the demonstration brought out protesters from a variety of backgrounds, there was a large turnout of Indians, both from the Twin Cities and from reservations across the region, some of which sent buses filled with tribe members.
“It's a good day to be indigenous,” declared Amanda Blackhorse, a member of the Navajo Nation in Arizona, whose lawsuit led the U.S. Patent Office to revoke the Redskins' trademark in June on the basis that the nickname disparages Indians. Blackhorse surveyed the crowd and added, “I'm so glad to be here with you today. Minnesota Natives don't mess around.”
Standing on a raised platform, Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges led the throng in a loud chant of “Change the Name,” a slogan repeated throughout the day. Said Hodges, “I have a message to the Washington team: The clock is ticking on your name … it is more than an insult. It's hate.”
Former Gov. Jesse Ventura told the demonstrators, “You don't make a name out of genocide,” and U.S. Rep. Betty McCollum said protesters were sending a message to team owner Snyder: “You are on the wrong side of history and the wrong side of human rights.” State Rep. Susan Allen, the first American Indian woman elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives, introduced the speakers.
Ray Halbritter, the chief executive of the Oneida Nation in New York state, which has been prominent nationally in its opposition to the nickname, told the crowd, “It's important to remember the history of this word. This is a word screamed at our ancestors as they were dragged at gunpoint off their lands.”
Holding signs, children and banners, the protesters met on the University of Minnesota's Northrop Plaza to pray and listen to speeches by tribal leaders, former Vikings star Joey Browner and Spike Moss, a representative from the Minneapolis NAACP and longtime civil rights activist.
“People wear Indian headdresses and makeup and think it's funny,” said Lily Ross, 54, who arrived on a bus from the Mdewakanton Sioux Community in Shakopee. “Our culture is no joke.” She said her grandmother marched in the suffrage movement to win women the right to vote. “Our society changes because of people marching, of people standing up,” she said.
Not all in agreement
The march pushed off, led by young Indians in a pickup truck, pounding of a drum, and a long banner carried by women that read “No honor in racist names or imagery,” a reference to Snyder's comment that the nickname honors American Indians.
At the head of the march and carrying a bullhorn was American Indian Movement leader and co-founder Clyde Bellecourt. Asked how he felt, Bellecourt, 78, grinned. “If I felt any better there would have to be two of me,” he said.
The marchers swung onto University Avenue, with a dozen flag-carrying American Indian U.S. veterans near the front of the procession, members of the White Earth Veterans honor guard. The march took less than a half-hour.
Outside the stadium, Paul Spies, 48, was sporting a Vikings sweatshirt, but was there to cheer on the demonstrators. “I bleed purple but reject racism,” he said.
At the same time, Nick Hjelden, a Vikings fan and Chippewa tribal member from North Dakota, called the protest “ridiculous,” adding, “I don't find [the name] to be offensive. Everyone finds anything offensive these days.”
Among Indians present Sunday, he was clearly in the minority. Joseph Anchondo drove with his 2½-year-old son and his fiancé from Devils Lake, N.D. David Snowball drove with friend Kristi Sheldon from Waukon Junction, Iowa. Carla Cheyenne, husband Thomas and their son, Jeremy, 7, traveled from Pine Ridge, S.D., to be part of the protest.
Energized by social media and supported by reservation tribal councils, protesters came from at least 10 states in addition to Minnesota, including Kentucky, Indiana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oklahoma, Iowa, Wisconsin, New York and Arizona.
Dorene Day sang the American Indian Movement theme song at a march of tribal nations against Washington's NFL football team.
“We will not stop until that name is changed and we will never give up,” said Melanie Benjamin, chief executive of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe Indians in east-central Minnesota. “We have children who want what every American kid wants — to grow up and be proud of who they are — and proud of their heritage. We are not mascots.”
The UFC Fight Night card in Halifax, Nova Scotia on October 4 continues to add compelling matchups, with the latest two being a key bantamweight bout between top ten contenders Raphael Assuncao and Bryan Caraway, and a strawweight showdown between newcomers Paige VanZant and Kailin Curran.
The event is headlined by the five-round welterweight bout between Rory MacDonald and Tarec Saffiedine.
Currently ranked number three in the world at 135 pounds, Raphael Assuncao is on a six-fight winning streak that includes a win over current champion TJ Dillashaw. Looking to set up his first title shot, Assuncao must first get past the number eight-ranked Caraway, who has won five of his last six, all by submission.
When 20-year-old Paige VanZant enters the Octagon for the first time in October, she will be the youngest female fighter in the UFC and second youngest overall. But with wins in three of her four pro fights, she's ready for the step up to the big leagues. Hawaii's Curran is a formidable test for VanZant, as she has an extensive amateur background as well as a perfect 3-0 pro MMA record.
Tickets for UFC FIGHT NIGHT™: MACDONALD vs. SAFFIEDINE go on sale Friday, August 22 at 10 a.m. ADT and may be purchased online at http://www.ticketatlantic.com. Ticket prices will be available soon. Ticket sales are limited to eight per person.
UFC Fight Club® members will have the opportunity to purchase tickets to this event Wednesday, August 20 at 10 a.m. ADT via the website www.ufcfightclub.com and are limited to six per person. A special Internet ticket pre-sale will be available to UFC newsletter subscribers Thursday, August 21 starting at 10 a.m. ADT with a limit of eight per person. To access this presale, users must register for the UFC newsletter through UFC.com.
Iraq Veteran's Body Is Exhumed At Arlington
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Poole/NPR John Poole/NPR
An Ohio couple, worried that their son's grave had been misidentified at Arlington National Cemetery, came to Washington Wednesday to have his body removed. They wanted to make sure it was really him.
Melissa and Scott Warner were upset in the wake of the Army inspector general's report in June that found that as many as 211 graves at Arlington were unmarked or misidentified. One Senate subcommittee investigation suggests that up to 6,600 burial sites could be affected.
Scott Warner was the portrait of grief. The fragile, birdlike man wore a black fedora, black suit and black gloves. The lines of his face were etched with sorrow. He spoke about how it feels to wonder whether the coffin buried in Section 60 in the cemetery actually held his son's remains.
toggle caption Courtesy of Scott Warner
"I'm hoping today that we will know that it is our son," he said.
He stood holding his son's dress Marine cap. Marine Pvt. Heath Warner was 19 when he was killed in Iraq. He died in 2006, three months after being deployed on Sept.11 that year.
Looking For Proof
The report in June about the record-keeping issues upset the family.
"At that point ... the question marks started ... and the doubts began," Warner said.
So the family asked the cemetery for paperwork proving their son was buried where Arlington said he was. But the paperwork was inaccurate and worried them more.
On Wednesday morning, Warner and his wife sat on chairs by their son's gravesite and watched as his coffin was exhumed and opened. Officials matched a tag on Heath Warner's casket to a tag in the pocket of his dress uniform.
But Warner wanted more proof. His son had been severely wounded, and the family originally identified him by a distinctive tattoo on his arm.
"So I made them -- I know it sounds crude -- but they had to dig for his arm because of the state of the body, and they did find his arm, and I had them clean his arm, and I was able to verify his kanji [a Japanese system of writing], and I knew then it was Heath for sure," he says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Poole/NPR John Poole/NPR
Army spokesman Gary Tallman says he hopes the positive identification will go a long way in restoring that confidence. He said the Army is deeply sorry for the family's loss and the pain they endured.
"We regret very much that the Warner family lost confidence in our processes at Arlington cemetery," he said.
This isn't the first family to have questions. Tallman says 1,100 families called the cemetery after the report about the graves. In fact, another body at Arlington had to be moved in August after an Army staff sergeant's wife had his grave opened amid concerns he was buried in the wrong place.
"Look, we've been under no illusions since the Army [inspector general] report came out ... that we would not find more discrepancies -- we did," Tallman said. "We contacted the families involved. We fixed those problems, they're satisfied they were fixed, and we're going to continue to work with any family that calls Arlington cemetery to make sure they're confident."
Hope For Changes
But though Warner identified his son, he still doesn't trust Arlington. And while he's having his son's remains reinterred there, he wants Congress to enact legislation to allow families to have headstones of their loved ones at Arlington but allow them to be buried somewhere else where there is better oversight.
He would also like to see tourist operations at Arlington temporarily suspended because he doesn't think it can be both a mecca for tourists and a cemetery for grieving families.
Finally, Warner issued an apology to his son.
"Melissa and I want to say we're sorry to Heath," he said.
Warner says they had to do this.
"We just want Heath to know that we love him -- and we did this for him," he said.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Labor Secretary nominee R. Alexander Acosta told a Senate committee on Wednesday he would abide by President Donald Trump's directive to review a pending “fiduciary rule” for retirement investment advisers, indicating he believed it goes too far.
Alex Acosta, President Donald Trump's nominee to be Secretary of Labor, testifies during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
Acosta told the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions that the fiduciary rule, slated to take effect on April 10 but which the department has proposed delaying, goes “far beyond” regulating the conduct of investment advisers.
The Trump administration directed the department last month to review whether the Obama-era rule, which requires brokers offering retirement investment advice to put their clients' interest first, was burdensome and out of step with current White House policies.
Acosta likewise expressed reservations about another Obama administration rule issued last year that more than doubled the salary ceiling under which employees would be eligible for overtime pay, from $23,660 to $47,476 a year.
Acosta said he had “serious questions as to whether the secretary of labor had the power to enact this in the first place.”
A federal judge in November blocked the rule, which extended mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million salaried workers. The Trump administration must decide whether to defend the rule, and Acosta's statements indicated that, if confirmed, he may decline to do so.
However, Acosta told senators he was sensitive to the fact that overtime rules have not been updated in more than a decade.
During the three-hour hearing, Acosta said that while he felt both Republicans and Democrats had the shared goal of protecting the interests of U.S. workers, they may disagree about the best courses of action.
Ultimately, Acosta told the panel, Cabinet secretaries are selected by Trump and tasked with deploying his administration's vision.
“We work for the president, he is our boss, and so all Cabinet officials ... will ultimately follow his direction unless we feel that we can't and if we can't, we resign,” Acosta said.
Acosta, a former member of the National Labor Relations Board and dean of the Florida International University College of Law in Miami, was nominated to be labor secretary in February, one day after Trump's original choice, Andrew Puzder, withdrew.
Acosta has had a decades-long career in public service and has been through multiple Senate vettings for previous appointments, making it is unlikely his nomination will be derailed. If he clears the panel, Acosta will come up for a confirmation vote before the full Senate.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Dozens of clowns from across the country and some from different parts of the world are in Kansas City this week. The convention, put together by the Clowns of America International, is underway at the Hilton Kansas City airport.
The clown convention isn't just for guests, but for the clowns themselves. There's a room where vendors set up tables and sell all kinds of clown supplies, such as big shoes, clip-on noses, clown makeup and much more.
Staff said the clowns also have opportunities to take clown training classes. Throughout the week the clowns will perform skits, have contests, do lots of juggling and make plenty of balloon animals.
"Clowns have a tradition of entertaining," said Mike Cox, with Clowns of America. "We have a long history of that and this is our way, how we give back to the public really and to bring in smiles and happiness to the world right now."
Organizers said there are clowns from across the country at the convention, and one all the way from France. For many clowns at the event, they said this is their full-time gig. Some said they have taken classes to get into the business.
The event is free and open to the public. It goes all week and ends with a parade on Saturday. For more details, visit The Clowns of America website here.
Bookmaker Paddy Power is to team with gay rights charity Stonewall in a bid to battle homophobia in football.
The resulting campaign will see all professional clubs across England and Scotland sent rainbow laces for players to wear to highlight their support for the ‘Right Behind Gay Footballers' campaign during next weekend's fixtures.
A social media element will also see fans asked to use the hashtag #RBGF during the build-up to the matches themselves.
A spokesperson for Paddy Power, stated: “We love football but it needs a kick up the arse. In most other areas of life people can be open about their sexuality and it's time for football to take a stand and show players it doesn't matter what team they play for. Fans can show they are right behind this by simply tweeting using the #RBGF hashtag whilst all players have to do is lace up this weekend to help set an example in world sport.”
Activity will begin from today (16 September) and will include billboard and newspaper ads, editorial columns and celebrities and footballers targeted through social media for support.
THROUGH a mixture of leaks and semi-official confirmations, a picture is beginning to emerge of how the Trump administration will loosen the rules for counter-terrorism operations laid down by its predecessor. Some of the changes form part of the preliminary plan for accelerating the destruction of Islamic State (IS) that James Mattis, the defence secretary, was ordered by Mr Trump to conclude within 30 days. Mr Mattis has to tread a delicate path between the bombast of Mr Trump's campaign promise to “bomb the shit” out of ISIS and the operational constraints imposed by Barack Obama, which many military and intelligence officers thought unduly restrictive.
Among the changes that are in the pipeline (or are already being quietly implemented) is a loosening of the guidelines Mr Obama set for drone strikes and targeted killings in places that are not counted as war zones, such as Yemen, Somalia and Libya. Although Mr Obama authorised extensive use of drones to kill terrorists, particularly al-Qaeda groups in Pakistan's North Waziristan, he became uncomfortable about the ease with which America could kill its enemies, wherever they were.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Mr Obama's playbook for drone use had four main principles. The first was that strikes outside war zones could occur only if there was near-certainty that civilians would not be harmed. The second was that the target had been identified with near-certainty and represented a threat that could not be dealt with in any other way. The third was proper oversight and chain-of-command accountability—a reason for moving responsibility for drone strikes from the CIA to the Pentagon. The fourth was that any strikes had to advance broader American strategic interests—for example, they should not undermine intelligence-sharing with a host country or be a recruiting agent for new terrorists.
Sensible though these rules were, they reduced the speed and nimbleness that is sometimes required when a target is fleeting. Under the loosening of the rules now under way, avoiding civilian deaths will no longer be an overriding priority. A place that fails to qualify as a war zone may be designated “an area of active hostilities” where rules of engagement can be eased.
Mr Obama used this label to authorise strikes against IS in its Libyan base, Sirte. Mr Trump has already agreed to a Pentagon request to apply the description to three provinces of Yemen, which have subsequently been heavily pounded. One attack on March 2nd against the Yemeni al-Qaeda affiliate comprised 25 strikes by manned and unmanned aircraft (nearly as many as in the whole of last year).
A further change is that the CIA will once again be allowed to carry out lethal strikes, as opposed to using its drones only to gather intelligence. Indeed, it has already done so, killing Abu al-Khayr al-Masri, a son-in-law of Osama bin Laden, in northern Syria in late February. Because the CIA operates under covert authorities, it is not subject to the same legal constraints and transparency as the Pentagon.
Meanwhile, without any previous announcement, a further 400 troops—from the Army Rangers and the Marine Corps—have turned up in northern Syria, both to help the Kurdish-Arab Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in their coming assault on the IS stronghold of Raqqa, and to deter Turkey, a NATO ally, from attacking the SDF. That brings American ground forces in Syria to 900. Another 2,500 troops will soon be on their way to Kuwait to join the fight.
One of Mr Trump's aims appears to be to delegate much more of the decision-making to the Pentagon and the spooks. Asked about the deployment to Syria, his press secretary, Sean Spicer, said only that “the president was made aware of that.” After the recent ill-fated special forces raid in Yemen that left a Navy SEAL and at least 25 civilians dead, Mr Trump tried to evade responsibility for what happened, saying it was just something the generals had wanted to do. The complaint those same generals made against Mr Obama was that he micro-managed. By contrast, under Mr Trump, it seems that if anything should go wrong, it will not be his fault.
Orange has made a full comeback.
The NFL officially approved the Broncos' request to change their home jersey from dark blue to burnt orange.
Orange you are glad? Team surveys say so.
“This is what our fans wanted,” Broncos president Joe Ellis said. “And we're going to accommodate their wishes starting with 2012.”
The burnt orange with the dark-blue stripes down the side and white numbers and lettering has been the Broncos' “alternative” home jersey in recent years, including this season's opener against the Oakland Raiders.
The team will not change the current design — the orange jerseys you saw the Broncos wear in the opener against the Raiders will be the same design in 2012.
Beginning next year, the Broncos will wear the orange for eight or nine of their 10 home games, including preseason. The dark blue jersey, which had been the team's predominant home look since the 1997 season, will be worn by the Broncos for one or two home games.
The burnt orange will be the seventh variation of the Broncos' home jersey since they began playing in 1960. Orange was their predominant home color from 1962 through 1996.
Mike Klis: 303-954-1055 or mklis@denverpost.com
IBM's cloudy global load balancer and reverse DNS services have been impacted by a DNS mess inflicted on Big Blue by a domain name registrar.
In an email to customers, IBM says that on September 6th “During a bulk transfer of domain names between two domain registrar services, two domains (global-datacenter.com and global-datacenter.net) were inadvertently put in client hold state by the sending registrar, but were not transferred over to the receiving registrar.”
WHOIS searches suggest both resolve to ns1.softlayer.net and ns2.softlayer.net
The mess “caused those domains to become inaccessible. This in turn impacted the global load balancer (GSLB) service reliant on those domain names, as well as the Reverse DNS service.”
WHOIS suggests the domains are managed by an outfit called MarkMonitor, which we have contacted for comment and to verify whether the company had any role in the situation. At the time of writing, the company has not replied to our email and its switchboard routed to voicemail.
IBM's notice to customers says “Cloud Infrastructure is working with the involved domain registrars to resolve this issue and remove the affected domains from client hold state as quickly as possible, which will in turn restore the GSLB and Reverse DNS services completely. Additionally, intermediary corrective actions have been taken to partially restore the Reverse DNS service functionality prior to the domain registrars correcting the situation.”
IBM CIO leaves for AWS – and Big Blue flings sueball to stop him READ MORE
Suppliers can be a weak link in any chain. However an important element of any cloud provider's value proposition is extraordinary levels of paranoia regarding resiliency, expressed as multiple redundant layers of infrastructure to keep services up during extreme events. That IBM's cloud can be degraded by a supplier's error is therefore unusual. On top of incidents like switching off TLS 1.0 support without giving customers enough notice to cope with the change, which The Register has learned broke customers so swiftly that the cipher was was restored in half an hour, it paints an interesting picture of Big Blue's cloudy capabilities.
IBM is not alone in having trouble with its cloud. The Register has found at least five occasions on which Google broke its own cloud with an imperfect update. Azure suffered a similar problem earlier this week, with cloudy Active Directory offering degraded performance. And of course AWS broke its own S3 cloud storage service and pulled down a good chunk of the web for days.
But those three clouds mostly shrugged off the outages. The stakes may be higher for IBM, as analyst firm Gartner recently rated IBM's cloud “missing many cloud IaaS capabilities required by midmarket and enterprise customers” and at risk of missing deadlines to add features to bring it to parity with competitors' offerings. ®
Terrifying giant 5-foot spiders spotted in Congo
Spiders might exist that have crawled out of nightmares. They're called the “J'ba FoFi” (giant spider, pronounced ch-bah foo fee) in Central Africa.
Many people might define a giant spider as one that's bigger than their hand. Some may think bigger and envision the horrifying Goliath ‘bird eating spider' that dwells in the darker corners of the ancient Amazon rain forest. That eight-legged terror spans a whopping 14-inches.
Unfortunately, those people aren't thinking big enough.
The Congolese Giant spider
The size of the Congolese Giant spider-when its legs are included-is said to be up to five feet across.
According to cryptozoologists (researchers that investigate unknown creatures that have not been recognized by orthodox science), most of the J'ba FoFi dwell in the Congo. Natives tell stories of the giant web-nests the spiders build, similar to a trap-door spider.
Most of the many anecdotal tales describe the spiders digging a shallow tunnel under tree roots and camouflaging it with a large bed of leaves. Then they create an almost invisible web between their burrow and a nearby tree, booby-trapping the whole thing with a network of trip lines. Some hapless creature—soon to end up on the menu—will trip the line alerting the spider. The victim will be chased into the web. This predatory entrapment is similar to some species of tarantula.
Presumably, the J'ba FoFi eggs are a pale yellow-white and shaped like peanuts. Native claim the hatchlings are bright yellow with a purple abdomen. Their coloration becomes darker and brown as they mature.
Some of the natives indigenous to the regions in the Congo where the J'ba FoFi has been seen assert that the spider was once quite common, but has become very rare.
A terrifying encounter
Other than the testimonies of natives, the fullest account by Westerners appears in a cryptozoological book by George Eberhart. On page 204, Eberhart relates the terrifying experience of an English couple traveling through a jungle region of what is now called the Congo:
“R.K. Lloyd and his wife were motoring in the Belgium Congo in 1938 when they saw a large object crossing the trail in front of them. At first, they thought it was a cat or monkey, but they soon realized it was a spider with legs [spanning] nearly 3 feet [across].” [1]
Famous naturalist and cryptozoologist, William J. Gibbons, has hunted for what some think may be a living African dinosaur called Mokele-mbembe. On his third expedition in search of the creature he came upon natives who related their experiences with giant spiders. He shared his experience with readers upon his return to Canada:
“On this third expedition to Equatorial Africa, I took the opportunity to inquire if the pygmies knew of such a creature [giant spider], and indeed they did! They speak of the Jba Fofi, which is a “giant” or “great spider.” They described a spider that is generally brown in color with a purple abdomen. They grow to quite an enormous size with a leg span of at least five feet. The giant arachnids weave together a lair made of leaves similar in shape to a traditional pygmy hut, and spin a circular web (said to be very strong) between two trees with a strand stretched across a game trail.”
This is exactly the same description that other researchers have heard. Although the spider seems to have been spotted mostly in the Congo, there are reports of the same—or similar—spiders inhabiting Uganda and the Central African Republic.
“These giant ground-dwelling spiders prey on the diminutive forest antelope, birds, and other small game, and are said to be extremely dangerous, not to mention highly venomous,” Gibbons states. “The spiders are said to lay white, peanut-sized eggs in a cluster, and the pygmies give them a wide birth when encountered, but have killed them in the past. The giant spiders were once very common but are now a rare sight.”
Many of the natives describe the spiders as once being numerous, but now a vanishing species. Encroachment by civilization in the form of rain forest being converted to farming may have driven the spiders from their natural habitats.
[Although their numbers are dwindling] they are still encountered from time to time. The Baka chief, Timbo, casually mentioned to us that a giant spider had taken up residence in the forest just behind his village in November 2000, when I and Dave Woetzel from New Hampshire had visited him! He did not think that we would have been interested in the creature as our interest was focused on Mokele-mbembe at the time! Valuable evidence had eluded us.”
Entire article plus footnotes and links here.
Twitter: twitter.com/TerrenceAym
© Copyright AYM Communications. 2010
Sony Releases Official PlayStation Vita TV FAQ With Lots of Questions Answered
Giuseppe Nelva November 8, 2013 5:51:28 PM EST
Sony Computer Entertainment Japan and Asia just released an extensive FAQ for the PlayStation Vita TV, answering a lot of commons, and some not so common questions about the upcoming hardware.
Of course the FAQ is fully in Japanese, as the PS Vita still doesn't have a western release date, but since many are hungry for more information on the lovely little device that Sony is so cruelly keeping away from our greedy western hands, I included a full translation below.
Q: Do I need the PlayStation Vita to play with the PlayStation Vita TV?
A: You don't need the PlayStation Vita to play with the PlayStation Vita TV, however there are a few things you do need.
Monitor or TV – HDMI Input required.
Wireless Controller DualShock 3.
Internet connection is necessary to use various kinds of content and video services and some games.
Q: Can I use it without an internet connection?
A: Yes, However, in order to fully enjoy the varied content of PS Vita TV it's recommended to connect to the internet.
Internet connectivity is required for:
Some of the games may require an internet connection to update from the LiveArea.
Using various video services and internet services, like SNS.
System software updates expanding the features of the PS Vita TV.
PS Vita TV can connect to the internet via LAN cable or wireless. Wi-Fi is compatible with IEEE802.11b/g/n.
You can play games on the PS Vita TV with a game card without an internet connection. The PS Vita TV will start even if not connected to the internet, you can insert the game card in the slot of the console and play.
Q: It's possible to save data on the PS Vita TV?
A: Since the PS Vita TV is equipped with a built-in 1 GB memory card, it's possible to save game data, applications and content. If you want to save more than 1 GB of data, a memory card (sold separately) is required.
If you want to save data on the optional memory card, you have to switch the storage location from the built-in one. If there's data in the built-in memory card you can also copy it to the optional memory card.
Q: How can my PS Vita and PS Vita TV interact?
A: If you have a PS Vita, when you return home you can continue playing on the PS Vita TV the same game you were enjoying on the go. This is limited to the games supported by the PS Vita TV for which you share the data, using the same SEN account.
If you have a PS Vita, you can register the PS Vita TV to the same SEN account and sign in. It's recommended that you use the same memory cards that you have been using as well.
By using the same memory card you have been using on the PS Vita in your PS Vita TV, you can continue playing the game seamlessly.
If you have PlayStation Plus and use the cloud saving service for your game data, sharing it between your PS Vita and PS Vita TV will be easier.
When you're done playing on the PS Vita you can select the Plus icon on the Live Area to back up your save data to the online storage. If you download the save data on your PS Vita TV, you can continue playing immediately upon returning home without replacing the memory card.
It's necessary to download and install the same game on both consoles in advance if you use downloaded games. It's also necessary to download and install the same DLC data on both consoles to take advantage of it.
Q: Is it possible to get together with friends that have a PS Vita and play in multiplayer?
A: Yes, you can. The PS Vita TV is capable of ad hoc communication with both PS Vita and PSP for multiplayer.
With the PSP this works only with PSP Games that already support ad hoc multiplayer with PS Vita.
Q: Is it possible to use the games you were playing on PS Vita on PS Vita TV once you saved the data on memory card?
A: Yes you can, however there's some content that is not compatible, so you need to be careful that the content is suitable to be played on PS Vita TV.
Please check this web site for a list of PS Vita games compatible with PS Vita TV. Please note that there are some that are not supported.
Some games may require an update downloaded via network connection on the Live Area to work with PS Vita TV. Also, in some games there may be some features that are not supported.
Trophy data and save data can be shared for games you download from the PlayStaton Store. By registering PS Vita TV and PS Vita to the same SEN account you can use the same game cards and memory card.
Once you register the PS Vita TV and PS Vita to the same SEN account, please share your data by signing in. Game cards and memory card can then be used seamlessly. Trophy data will also carry over.
Q: What's the output resolution to the TV?
A: Please use the 480p, 720p or 1080i options to match the PS Vita TV to the resolution of your TV. Video playback resolution may differ depending on the video distribution service.
By default the output resolution is set on “Auto.” Since the original PlayStation classics games aren't compatible with 1080i, 720p has priority in this setting if the TV supports 720p.
By selecting “settings” and “sound and display” and then selecting 1080i, the PS Vita can output in 1080i if the TV supports it.
Q: How do I watch the video on demand?
A: You need to download the application for each service from the PS Store and follow the instructions for each of them. We offer a variety of video services:
Depending on the content you watch some age restrictions can apply. Depending on the service, a dedicated account may be required. Video delivery start time depends on the service you use.
Q: Can I Use NASNE or TORNE with the PS Vita TV?
A: NASNE is supported. By connecting it and your PS Vita TV to the same network you'll be able to watch and record broadcasted TV programs. To view recordings of TV broadcasts using NASNE on the PS Vita TV, the TORNE application for the PS Vita TV is required, you can download it from the PSN Store.
Please note that the PS3 exclusive TORNE digital recording kit isn't available on the PS Vita TV.
Q: How do I operate the flick and touch features of PS Vita games?
A: Please use the touch pointer feature.
Pressing and holding the PS button on the DualShock 3, the menu appears. Please check “Use the touch pointer.” This is available only for games that support it.
The front screen touch pointer appears when you press the L3 button. By pressing circle or L2 you activate the touch. The back touchpad pointer appears when you press the R3 button. By pressing circle or L3 you activate the touch. If you press L3 and R2 at the same time you will see the front and rear touch pointers overlap. You can split them by moving the sticks and touch both virtual panels at the same time. By pressing L3 or R3 again, or the X button, you turn off the touch pointers.
Q: Is there a difference in features between PS Vita and PS Vita TV? What is the difference?
A: The main differences are as follows:
● The PS Vita does not have the following applications:
Near
Map
Welcome Park
Remote play with PS3
● The shooting function of the Photo application is not available, as the PS Vita TV does not have a camera.
● To use the voice chat function of the Party feature, you will need a bluetooth headset, sold separately, as the PS Vita TV does not have a microphone.
● In addition to the Wi-fi, the PS Vita TV is equipped with an Ethernet port, so wired network connection is possible.
● PS Vita TV will output video and audio by connecting it to a TV via a HDMI cable.
● The PS Vita TV is controlled via a DualShock 3 wireless controller. The method of operation for touch controls of the PS Vita is different.
● The compatible titles are different and some are not supported by PS Vita TV. You can check the list of compatible titles.
Q: Is it possible to play immediately just by buying PS Vita TV?
A: In order to play with the PS Vita TV a HDMI compatible monitor or TV and a DualShock 3 wireless controller are required.
Of you already have the DualShock 3 you can buy the VTE-1000 AB01 PS Vita TV, connect to a TV via the included HDMI cable and play immediately. Otherwise, we offer an affordable DualShock 3 included in the “Value Pack” (VTE-1000 AA01).
Product line-up (at the time of release):
● PS Vita TV (VTE-1000 AB01)
● PS Vita TV Value Pack (VTE-1000 AA01)
Q: Is it possible to control the PS Vita TV even with other devices that aren't the DualShock 3?
A: You can operate the console with the following devices, even if some titles may not be compatible.
● BD remote control (sold separately) (CECH-ZRC1J). It is necessary to set up the PS Vita TV by operating the DualShock 3 when you use it for the first time.
● Remote controls featuring Sony's “Bravialink” for HDMI equipment control via the CEC standard. In some case the operation may be possible via third party remote controls that support the CEC standard, but compatibility isn't guaranteed.
Q: Can I play even without a memory card?
A: You can play even without a memory card (sold separately) just like with the new PCH-2000 PS Vita, as they both include 1 GB of built-in storage. However, if you want to download large content, it's recommended that you purchase a separate memory card.
Q: Can I play games even without a network connection?
A: You can enjoy titles purchased at retail just by inserting the game card in the PS Vita TV. In order to play or download particular games you may need to update them via network connection. A network connection is required for services such as SNS, video and internet browsing. By having an internet connection it's possible to enjoy the full range of entertainment services offered by PS Vita TV.
Q: Can I use the same memory card and game cards I use on my PS Vita with my PS Vita TV?
A: PS Vita game cards can be used seamlessly by inserting them in the slot of the side of the PS Vita TV's body.
You need to have the PS Vita TV registered on the same SEN account as the PS Vita in order to enjoy trophies and the same save data. If you used to use the PS Vita TV with a different account from that of the PS Vita, formatting the PS Vita card is required in order to achieve the trophies if the save data is stored on the game card. You don't need to format the game card to gain trophies if the save data is stored on the memory card.
Also, it's possible to use the memory card as is, however, in order to enjoy both the PS Vita and PS Vita TV at the same time, it's necessary to register them both to the same SEN account.
Q: Can I use the same save data I was using on my PS Vita with my PS Vita TV?
A: You can, but you'll have to register them both to the same SEN account.
Q: How do I backup my save data?
A: There are two ways to back up your save data:
Copy your save data and application data to a PC or NASNE using the “content management.”
Copy the save data to the cloud storage. A PS Plus account is required for this.
Q: The original PS Vita had touched and flick controls on the screen. How do I operate them with the PS Vita TV?
A: The PS Vita supports a “touch pointer” feature. You can set it by holding the PS button and checking “Use the Touch Pointer” on the menu. Once set, pressing L3 and R3 will display the pointers in the shape of fingers and you can operate them.
Q: What are the peripherals compatible with PS Vita TV?
A: At launch the PS Vita TV will mainly be compatible with the following:
PS Vita Memory Card
DualShock 3 Wireless controller (CECH-ZC2J)
Sixaxis Wireless controller (CECH-ZC1J)
BD Remote Controller (CECH-ZRC1J)
Connection to other Bluetooth devices like headsets, speakers and keyboards is possible, however it's not guaranteed.
Q: Do I need a SEN account in order to use the video streaming services?
A: You need to download the application of each video service from the PlayStation Store, and for that a SEN account is necessary. Also, a SEN account is necessary when browsing the video store.
“If they were walking together and holding hands, that would not have been cool for the domestic audience,” Wilcke said.
The participation of Saudi women remains complicated, even as the Games are under way. On Friday, Wodjan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani is scheduled to compete in judo. She is required by Saudi officials to wear a hijab, or head scarf. But the international judo federation said last week that Shahrkhani could not compete with a head covering for safety reasons and to preserve the “principle and spirit of judo.”
On Sunday, a Saudi newspaper, quoting Shahrkhani's father, said she would withdraw from Friday's competition if she could not wear a hijab. Olympic officials said Sunday that they were trying to resolve the situation. Soccer once banned hijabs, too, but approved them last month. Granted, judo is a different sport; the use of hands is critical. Safety should be paramount. But surely a remedy can be found. Otherwise, it will be hugely embarrassing to the I.O.C. and to the Saudis.
“The judo situation seems to be a debacle,” Wilcke said. “Participation of Saudi women has been one of the I.O.C.'s major issues. It seems strange the I.O.C. wouldn't have contemplated clothing. That would be one of the first things on the checklist.”
Photo
Perhaps Shahrkhani could compete without a head scarf if the event were not televised, but that seems unlikely, Wilcke said. He suggested a head covering like the one in soccer could be used. Failure to resolve the matter, he said, would result “in hurt feelings on both sides, for the Saudis who tried and feel betrayed, and the I.O.C., which tried to find the right balance line.”
The other Saudi athlete competing, beginning Aug. 8, is an 800-meter runner named Sarah Attar. She grew up and lives and trains in Southern California, where she attends Pepperdine. Her family asked the university to remove photographs of Attar from her online biography. And the only photographs and video issued of Attar by the I.O.C. showed her hair, arms and legs fully covered. She has also declined interviews, further seeming to confirm that hers is but a token presence in London.
Yet, small steps can be important ones. Qatar also entered its first female athletes in the Summer Games. One of them, a shooter named Bahiya al-Hamad, carried her country's flag in the opening ceremony. Beforehand, she said on Twitter that she was “truly proud and humbled.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
About 45 percent of the 10,500 athletes competing are women. Restrictions are falling away, stereotypes are being turned on their head. NurSuryani Mohamed Taibi, a shooter from Malaysia, became one of the few Olympic athletes to compete while pregnant when she participated Saturday in the 10-meter air rifle event.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I felt her kicking,” NurSuryani, who is scheduled to give birth to a daughter next month, told reporters. “But I said to her, ‘O.K., be calm; Mummy is going to shoot now.' ”
Ten or 15 years ago, it would have been unheard-of, and possibly career threatening, for any member of the United States women's soccer team to publicly announce that she was a lesbian. But midfielder Megan Rapinoe did so just before the Games, and the response has been widely supportive.
“As athletes, we live our lives in the public eye and have a platform to be positive role models,” Rapinoe wrote in a blog on espnW. “I'd like to help create more tolerance and acceptance across the board. That means more people talking about it, more people coming out and, at the end of the day, making less of a massive deal about being gay.”
Not that discrimination, or slights, have exactly ended. Japan's women's soccer team is the World Cup champion. But its players were forced to fly coach, while the men's team rode in business class, on a 13-hour flight to Paris from Tokyo before the Games.
On Wednesday in the women's Olympic soccer tournament in Glasgow, organizers infuriated the North Koreans by placing South Korean flags next to their faces and names on the scoreboard.
Yet female soccer players have also gained praise for performing without the diving, theatrical writhing and complaining inherent in the men's game. A British reader named Geoff Cooling wrote to The Daily Mail on Sunday that he had watched an entire match devoid of excessive preening and whining.
“Was I dreaming?” he wrote.
Even by TV prank standards, the one pulled on Paris Hilton by an Egyptian TV show was pretty hard core.
Egyptian actor Ramez Galal specializes in producing audacious specials that air during the month of Ramadan.
And in his latest series titled Ramez in Control, revealed on The Huffington Post, he seems to convince Paris she's about to die in a plane crash and persuade her afterwards that it was just a good laugh.
Scared: Paris Hilton screamed on board a sight-seeing plane she thought was going to crash in a TV prank organized by Egyptian actor and TV personality Ramez Galal, seated beside her wearing sunglasses
The episode begins with Paris, who's making a promotional appearance in Dubai, arriving at the opening of a new hotel.
She poses for photos on the red carpet and then the 34-year-old is persuaded, along with some other guests, to take an aerial tour of the city.
She agrees and ends up seated in a small propeller plane next to Galal, who is mic'd and wearing sunglasses.
Tourist flight: Galal persuaded the Hilton heiress, left, to take an aerial tour of Dubai in the plane, right, while she was in the country for a promotional appearance
On board: Paris was seated at the front of the cabin next to Galal
Alarm: Suddenly the plane's engines spluttered and alarms sounded in the cabin
Uncertain: The 34-year-old blonde wasn't sure what was happening
Shortly after take off, the DJ and heiress is seen powdering her nose and fixing her makeup using a small vanity mirror.
Suddenly, the plane's engine splutters and on-board alarms start sounding in the cabin.
'What's happening?' an alarmed Paris asks, turning around in her seat. 'Is this normal?'
The plane's pilot continues to maneuver the plane as if it's in trouble and is plummeting back towards the ground.
By now, everyone on board is screaming, including Paris.
Scared: Panic broke out on board and Paris started screaming
Exiting: Some of those on board were given parachutes and thrown out of the rear door of the plane
Terrified: Paris was seen crying in fear
The Simple Life star becomes extremely distressed, in tears and desperately trying to get information about what is going on.
After several minutes of screaming, someone opens the rear door of the plane and starts dragging people to the edge and throwing them out of the plane wearing parachutes.
'I don't want to jump' shouts a panicked Paris. 'I'm not jumping.'
Eventually, the plane returns to the runway and lands safely.
Funny? After the plane landed back on the runway, the Egyptian host told Paris that it was all just a big joke
Joking: Galal kept telling the DJ and model that it was all for a prank show, but Paris seemed to have difficulty understanding what he was telling her. 'I'm going to kill you,' she shouted once the penny dropped
As Paris gets back on terra firma, the actor takes off his sunglasses and, smiling and laughing, tells her it was all a prank.
At first, she can't take in what Galal is saying.
Then when the penny drops, she yells at him: 'I'm going to kill you.'
A still tearful Paris then reveals that she travels by air almost every day and her biggest fear her whole life has been dying in a plane crash.
'This is definitely crazier than anything I've ever seen,' she says as she tries to recover her composure.
As the Hilton heiress smiles weakly for the cameras, Galal shouts out 'We love Paris' over and over again.
Relieved: Paris finally realized what was going on and gradually recovered her composure
Biggest fear: Paris revealed that all her life she's been afraid she would die in a plane crash
It's not known for sure when the TV prank was filmed but Paris makes no mention of the experience on her social media accounts.
She's currently busy promoting her new single High Off My Love and has been making lots of promotional appearances.
On Saturday, she posted a photo of herself at a Dave's & Busters restaurant in New York with brown hair.
The newly brunette beauty wore a black beanie over what is presumably a wig along with a black top, black pants and black jacket.
She captioned the pic: '#UnderCover fun last night at @DaveAndBusters #KidAtHeart.'
In the past few weeks, a number of Republican presidential contenders have been asked about the Iraq War and offered a variety of unsatisfying answers. And in fairness to them, hypothetical questions about the Middle East are insane.
But, then again, so are hypothetical answers. And it seems that hawks are disinclined to admit that the Iraq invasion was a mistake because they feel it would be a repudiation of all future military action rather than simply a repudiation of this one conflict. And those still championing the Iraq War's legacy offer a single basic argument: If we didn't do it, the situation would have been a lot worse. For starters, this is as tenuous as any other counterfactual history.
“No, I don't believe it was” a mistake to invade Iraq, Marco Rubio told Fox News in one iteration of his evolving position. “The world is a better place because Saddam Hussein doesn't run Iraq.”
Here at The Federalist, David Patten argued that Saddam Hussein, a terrible guy, was a bigger threat in 2003 than ISIS is today. He's concerned that Republican presidential candidates who claim “if I knew then what I know now, I would not have authorized the invasion of Iraq” are admitting that the Middle East would have been better off had the United States not in invaded Iraq in 2003. This contention, he says, is a “groundless” assumption.
Well, it's easy to defend a war if you can concoct new justifications whenever the old ones don't work out for you. It's nice that Saddam Hussein doesn't run Iraq. But it's not everything.
It's easy to defend a war if you can concoct new justifications whenever the old ones don't work out for you.
A reminder: There was a list of reasons for deposing the Baathists in Iraq, but the leading political argument—the one that convinced the American public that war was a necessity—was the alleged presence of weapons of mass destruction. After 9/11, Americans were understandably anxious about the potential catastrophic consequences of a terror-friendly nation possessing this kind of technology. But there is no way around the fact that this persuasive reason turned out to be erroneous.
A parallel—and more quixotic—argument revolved around the theory that once Saddam was overthrown our presence would spark some kind of liberal transformation in the Middle East. That too turned out to be false—with devastating consequences. And it had little to do with our military execution.
Our failure was political: the Bush administration (and many others) overestimated the appetite of people in the region to embrace secular institutions and freedoms. Consequently, many more Americans died trying to create a stable Iraq than did fighting for the safety of Americans. The United States sacrificed those lives, not as detractors claim, for oil or empire, but for moral reasons. Yet, in the end, the Iraqi people failed because of their own historical, religious and cultural problems.
So even if we judge the Iraq invasion using the criterions given to us by those who advocated for it, the war was a failure.
The Bush administration (and many others) overestimated the appetite of people in the region to embrace secular institutions and freedoms.
But even if we set aside that failure, is there any honest observer of the Middle East who believes it's more stable today than it was in 2002? A more stable Middle East doesn't necessarily mean a more moral one, that's true, but even with Hussein in the ground there's little evidence Americans are any less in danger from a rogue ISIS-style terror attack than they were from Iraqi Baathists. The regime-change was supposed to produce security, not another kind of insecurity.
A group of Islamists, training and organizing with little regard for self-preservation, are no less terrible than Saddam, and in many ways perhaps more dangerous. ISIS also threatens and slaughters minorities across the Middle East. And the ISIS story is not over. A Saddam-led Iraq might have been easier to contain than a disparate terrorist army functioning in an unpredictable Middle East. ISIS took Ramadi last week, a city Americans had saved in the past; a city that is only one of many that will fall without the assistance of the United States. In the end, more than likely we will have to protect this brittle nation in perpetuity.
More than likely we will have to protect this brittle nation in perpetuity.
Then, of course, unconstrained by their rivals, Iran, a nation whose technological and economic infrastructure is superior is stronger than Iraq, has become more dangerous than ever. It's a country with access to vast amounts of oil, and is more than likely to be on the threshold of nuclear weapons soon. Not only does it boast an impressive military, but it has proxy armies throughout the Middle East threatening American allies. It's a country run by End-of-Days theocrats who benefited most from the American invasion of Iraq.
Yet Patten can't understand how so many Americans can support military action against ISIS but still think we were wrong about invading Iraq. He claims that Americans might be overinflating the present-day threat posed by ISIS and underestimating or forgetting the threat posed by Saddam when we invaded. Maybe Americans do forget—though it is clear now that Saddam did not pose the threat we were told he did. Maybe Americans just have a visceral reaction when they see innocent people being beheaded. Maybe they have a sense of righteousness. Maybe they want to kill bad guys. Or maybe, they learned a lesson that seems pretty clear to me: we can fight the enemy, but it's foolish to attempt to social engineer abroad. Maybe, intuitively, Americans comprehend the distinction.
Whatever the case, admitting that Iraq was a mistake neither confirms the Progressive position nor disproves the hawk's worldview. ISIS is real. Iran is not Iraq. Neither does the Iraq invasion excuse Obama's muddled foreign policy or our deteriorating position in the Middle East. Every president inherits a world with problems left to them by history. But the Iraq War did not accomplish any of its broader objectives and it failed to make us safer, the region more stable or the people of the Middle East much freer. Republicans have little to gain by trying to reimagine history.
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Could Brad Pitt be returning to television to become a True Detective?
The 12 Years a Slave actor is said to be close to signing a deal to star in the next season of HBO drama True Detective, according to reports.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson starred in the first series of the drama which saw the pair play detectives Rust Cohle and Martin Hart on the trail of a sadistic killer in Louisiana after the satanic murder of prostitute Dora Lange.
Speculation has been rife as to who will replace the pair in the critically-acclaimed drama after they confirmed that they would not be returning for another season.
Pitt is said to be currently in the middle of trashing out the final details of deal with the network to star in the second season, reports the Daily Star.
(Image: Home Box Office)
The newspaper also cites a source saying the Hollywood A Lister is already part of the HBO family - through his producing the upcoming HBO adaption of play The Normal Heart - so the only thing standing in his way is his movie schedule.
The source added that the World War Z actor could front the series on his own though talks are said to be ongoing for a potential partner.
If the deal happened it would mark Pitt's first acting appearance on television since 2003 when he starred opposite former wife Jennifer Aniston on two episodes of sitcom Friends in 2001.
* True Detective is due to return to HBO later this year
We're testing a new site: This content is coming soon
WASHINGTON — President Trump is stepping up diplomatic and economic pressure on North Korea, and military preparations are “underway” in the event that such action is necessary, a senior administration official told reporters on Wednesday.
“What you've seen is a really integrated effort to prioritize diplomatic and informational aspects of national power, but also what you will see soon is using the economic dimension of national power, as well as the military preparations that are underway,” said the official, who requested anonymity.
But Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., said after a closed-door North Korea briefing for senators on the White House grounds that “preemptive strike options were not presented” to those who attended.
“The briefing showed the thoroughness and the detail and the preparation and the work that's going into making our military appropriately postured in the event that there is some unexpected development by North Korea, and our diplomatic effort,” Coons told reporters.
“There was not specific conversation” about seeking congressional authorization for new sanctions or the use of force “or imminently needing any such authorization,” Coons said.
His comments came as senators emerged from a briefing by top Trump national security aides in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. Vice President Mike Pence spoke first, then Trump, then national security adviser H.R. McMaster, before the actual briefing, which was run by Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, and Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. After making a presentation, the briefers took questions from the chairpersons and ranking members of major committees, participants said. They later went to Congress for a briefing open to all of the members of the House of Representatives.
“The president's approach aims to pressure North Korea into dismantling its nuclear, ballistic missile, and proliferation programs by tightening economic sanctions and pursuing diplomatic measures with our allies and regional partners,” Coats, Mattis, Tillerson and Dunford said in a joint statement. “We are engaging responsible members of the international community to increase pressure on the DPRK (North Korea) in order to convince the regime to de-escalate and return to the path of dialogue.”
Almost concurrent with the session for senators, the anonymous senior official came to the White House briefing room to mount a defense of Trump's handling of national security in his first 100 days in office, including a broad review of his approach to North Korea.
Asked to flesh out what the military preparations were, and whether they would include a visible show of force to North Korea, the official declined. “I don't think we're going to describe those in any detail,” he said.
The United States has deployed missile defenses to South Korea and naval military assets to the Sea of Japan, and it is known to have used electronic intrusions to disrupt North Korean plans. The Trump administration is “vigilant” about watching for another North Korean nuclear test, ballistic missile test or intercontinental ballistic missile test and is “prepared to respond to any of those provocations,” the official said.
Coons told reporters in the White House driveway: “I do think there was an appropriate and thoughtful focus on how we would react if North Korea took a more aggressive posture.” He noted the deployment of an aircraft carrier battle group to the region and the presence in the region of a ship “outfitted for the possibility of a Tomahawk [missile] strike if that were to happen.” And he said Trump has worked to “put us in a posture where we would be able to respond if there were an unexpected abrupt change in North Korea's posture.”
On the economic front, the anonymous official pointed to a recent military parade in North Korea to highlight the need to tighten the vise on the secretive Stalinist regime in Pyongyang.
“If you just look at the images — right? — of the big parade there recently and look at the complexity of that equipment,” the official said, “those components, even the tires — right? — are not made in North Korea. So it's clear that all of us have a lot more to do to isolate the regime from its access to the kind of materials and technologies and components it needs to advance” its ballistic missile and nuclear programs.
Sir James Dyson, the billionaire entrepreneur behind the bagless vacuum cleaner, is the latest voice to criticise Home Secretary Theresa May's plan to kick out foreign students as soon as they've graduated.
"Theresa May… wants to exile foreign students upon qualification from British universities," he wrote. "Train 'em up. Kick 'em out. It's a bit shortsighted, isn't it? A short-term vote winner that leads to long-term economic decline."
British universities rely on foreign students financially as they pay large amounts in fees. And once the students graduate, they use the skills and knowledge they've acquired to help boost Britain's economy, by working in the UK. It does seem short-sighted to kick them out in order to pander to anti-immigration rhetoric.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
It's already not the best time to be, like me, an international, non-EU citizen studying in the UK, thanks to the abolition of the Post-Study Work Visa scheme in 2012. Before then, new graduates were given a further two years to work in the UK. Now they are given four months and, if they find a job, can switch from student to work visas. Ms May wants to scrap this, making students leave as soon as they graduate and apply for jobs in the UK from their home country.
Non-EU students can be easily kicked out as they aren't protected by the EU's freedom of labour agreements. Thus they are an easy target to tackle immigration.
In this climate, it's no wonder that, according to a Universities UK, the international, non-EU student population declined by 1 per cent in 2012-13. Had enrolments increased yearly British economy would be £at the 2010-11 rates, the British economy would be £370m richer, their report claims.
A larger decline is witnessed when we look at individual nations. According to the Higher Education Statistics Agency the number of Indian students studying in UK has reduced considerably, despite their numbers increasing in other countries — it fell by around 49 per cent between 2010/11 and 2012/13, and is expected to fall further.
Universities minister Greg Clark, who travelled to India last month, seems to have realised the importance of this upsetting trend.
He sought to reassure Indian students that they "will get a very cordial welcome" in the UK. However, he failed to allay concerns about the post-study work visa. The National Indian Students' Union (UK), is running an online campaign to have the visa reinstated, claiming that the number of Indian students has "plummeted... as they feel a sense of hostility in the UK given the restrictions".
There seems to be a glimmer of hope, however, if like me, you're an international, non-EU student at a Scottish university. The Smith Commission's report, which recommends the extent of powers that should be devolved to the Scottish Parliament, states that the five Holyrood parties have decided to act together with Westminster and "explore the possibility of allowing international higher education students graduating from Scottish education institutions to remain in Scotland".
In this day and age, where the market is already down and career prospects look bleak, the last thing international students want to face is a government policy making us feel unwelcome. The question on whether to reinstate the post-study work visa is an integral part of the immigration debate, and I'm glad that at least Scotland is treating it as such.
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – With new reinforcements put in place, the nine-ton weight limit on the Liberty Bridge was lifted Thursday morning.
Now, for the first time since Sept. 2, the weight restriction on the bridge has been restored to 30 tons.
On the upstream side of the bridge, the two parallel reinforcing beams are now well bolted in place.
“The repairs have been made for the strengthening of the truss,” says PennDOT District 11 spokesman Dan Cessna.
According to PennDOT, when the entire rehabilitation project on the bridge is completed in 2018, the weight limit could increase to 40 tons.
With the restriction lifted, trucks, buses and tri-axle vehicles under 30 tons can once again use the bridge.
But, still, some drivers need reassuring.
“We would hope that if motorist have anxiety about crossing the bridge, with seeing it now being open three or four days with no issues, people would get over that and understand the safety to the bridge is there and cut their commute times down,” Cessna said.
Vehicles exceeding the weight limit will need to use the following detours:
Northbound (Inbound)
· Take Route 51 (Saw Mill Run Boulevard) northbound
· Take the exit to I-376 West/US 19 South toward Carnegie/Airport/West End
· Take Exit 69A toward US 19 South/Banksville Road
· Keep left and loop back to I-376 eastbound toward Fort Pitt Tunnel
· Follow eastbound I-376 through Fort Pitt Tunnel and across the Fort Pitt Bridge
· For access to I-279 destinations follow I-279 signage, all other destinations take exit toward I-376 East/Monroeville
· Take the left exit 71A to Grant Street
· Turn left onto Grant Street
· End detour
Southbound (Outbound) From Downtown Pittsburgh
· Take Grant Street to I-376
· Take the ramp to West I-376 toward Fort Pitt Bridge/Airport
· Follow I-376 westbound across the Fort Pitt Bridge and through the Fort Pitt Tunnel
· Take Exit 69A toward South 19 Banksville Road
· Keep left and loop back to eastbound I-376
· Take Exit 69B toward South Truck US 19/Route 51 Uniontown
· Merge onto southbound Route 51 and follow back to the Liberty Tunnel
· End detour
Southbound (Outbound) From Westbound Route 885 (Boulevard of the Allies)
· From the Boulevard of the Allies take the ramp to North I-579 to I-279 Veterans Bridge Exit
· Take the Convention Center/7th Avenue Exit
· Turn right onto Grant Street
· Turn left onto 11th Street
· Continue straight onto the 10th Street Bypass
· Take the I-376 West Fort Pitt Bridge/Airport Exit
· Follow I-376 westbound across the Fort Pitt Bridge and through the Fort Pitt Tunnel
· Take Exit 69A toward South 19 Banksville Road
· Keep left and loop back to eastbound I-376
· Take Exit 69B toward South Truck US 19/Route 51 Uniontown
· Merge onto southbound Route 51 and follow back to the Liberty Tunnel
· End detour
Southbound (Outbound) From Route 380 (Bigelow Boulevard)
· From PA 380, take the Consol Center/6th Avenue Exit
· Take the 6th Avenue Exit
· Turn right onto Grant Street
· Turn left onto 11th Street
· Continue straight onto the 10th Street Bypass
· Take the I-376 West Fort Pitt Bridge/Airport Exit
· Follow I-376 westbound across the Fort Pitt Bridge and through the Fort Pitt Tunnel
· Take Exit 69A toward South 19 Banksville Road
· Keep left and loop back to eastbound I-376
· Take Exit 69B toward South Truck US 19/Route 51 Uniontown
· Merge onto southbound Route 51 and follow back to the Liberty Tunnel
· End detour
Southbound (Outbound) From I-279 Parkway North
· From southbound I-279, take the I-279 South Fort Pitt Bridge Exit
· Take the South I-279/To I-376 Fort Pitt Bridge/Airport Exit
· Take the West I-376 Fort Pitt Bridge Exit
· Follow I-376 westbound across the Fort Pitt Bridge and through the Fort Pitt Tunnel
· Take Exit 69A toward South 19 Banksville Road
· Keep left and loop back to eastbound I-376
· Take Exit 69B toward South Truck US 19/Route 51 Uniontown
· Merge onto southbound Route 51 and follow back to the Liberty Tunnel
· End detour
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
Anticipatory socialization is the process, facilitated by social interactions, in which non-group-members learn to take on the values and standards of groups that they aspire to join, so as to ease their entry into the group and help them interact competently once they have been accepted by it.[1][2] It is the process of changing one's attitudes and behaviours, in preparation for a shift in one's role. Words commonly associated with anticipatory socialization include grooming, play-acting, training and rehearsing.[3]
The concept of anticipatory socialization, first defined by sociologist Robert K. Merton, has its origins in a 1949 study of the United States military which found that privates who modelled their attitudes and behaviours on those of officers were more likely to be promoted than those who didn't.[4]
When people are blocked from access to a group they might have wanted to join, they reject that group's values and norms, and instead begin the anticipatory socialization process with groups that are more receptive to them. People doing this, for example economically disadvantaged teenagers who aspire to become drug dealers rather than professionals, are sometimes criticized as lacking motivation, however sociologists say they are simply making a pragmatic adjustment to the opportunities available to them.[5]
Examples of anticipatory socialization include law school students learning how to behave like lawyers, older people preparing for retirement, and Mormon boys getting ready to become missionaries.[6]
Recent studies show that anticipatory socialization is prevalent among pregnant mothers who choose to reveal the fetal sex pre-birth. Knowing the gender of the baby will affect the way in with the mother interacts with the baby, as a result of preconceived expectations of gender group norms.[7]
Firefighters are close to completing containment lines around the remnants of the huge wildfire that scorched two Southern California counties this month and added to the state's enormous bill for fighting wildland blazes.
The so-called Thomas Fire was 91 percent contained Thursday, with remaining active heat sources well inside the perimeter of the 440-square-mile burn area northwest of Los Angeles, the state fire summary said.
Firefighter activities were described as mop-up and patrol.
The fire erupted Dec. 4 in Ventura County and quickly became a wind-driven inferno, destroying 1,063 structures and damaging 280 others as it swept through rural agricultural lands, into the city of Ventura and into neighboring Santa Barbara County where it finally was tamed when gusts faded away.
By late this month, firefighting costs topped $174 million as the wildfire became California's largest on record and more than 8,000 firefighters were on the lines. The number has since dwindled to fewer than 700.
The Los Angeles Times reported that only halfway through the state's current fiscal year, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection has already spent $699 million battling wildland blazes, including the deadly October firestorms that devastated wine country communities and other parts of Northern California.
That tops Cal Fire's budgeted amount for firefighting by $272 million with six months left in the fiscal year, the Times said.
Whether tallied in acres or dollars, it's all part of a trend of year-round fire seasons that scorch larger and larger amounts of land and eat up firefighting budgets.
In September, the U.S. Forest Service said it had spent more than $2 billion on wildfires in the just-ended federal fiscal year. That topped the previous record of $1.7 billion set in 2015.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Donald Trump unleashed a Twitter rant today accusing Ted Cruz of stealing the Iowa Caucus and calling for the results to be nullified. Ad Policy
I knew something like this was coming and quite frankly I'm surprised it took Trump so long to play the voter fraud card. It's a logical extension of his demonization of Hispanics, Muslims, refugees and all the other people he believes are preventing America from being great again.
It's become an article of faith among Republicans that Democrats must cheat to win elections. The only difference here is that Trump is accusing another Republican of doing so.
The GOP's fraud crusade goes back to the George W. Bush administration. The 2000 election in Florida, which was marred by a disastrous voter purge of alleged ex-felons, empowered a new right-wing voter fraud movement, which hyped the threat of fraud in order to restrict access to the ballot for partisan gains. The Justice Department was taken over by ultra-conservatives like Attorney General John Ashcroft who made combating fraud a top priority. US Attorneys in states like New Mexico and Washington were fired for not undertaking new prosecutions, and new voting restrictions, like Georgia's voter ID law, were approved by the DOJ's Civil Rights Division over objections from career lawyers. Rick Hasen dubbed these people the “fraudulent fraud squad.” (I write extensively about this in my book Give Us the Ballot.) LIKE THIS? GET MORE OF OUR BEST REPORTING AND ANALYSIS
Though little fraud was ever found, the fraud craze grew much louder when Barack Obama ran for president. John McCain alleged in 2008 that ACORN “is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history.” After the election, one poll found that 52 percent of Republicans believed that ACORN had stolen the election for Obama.
There was no proof of this, but the incessant drumbeat of fraud accusations became a useful pretext for Republicans to push new laws making it harder for Democratic-leaning constituencies to vote, such as voter-ID laws and restrictions on voter registration and early voting. The Republican fixation with voter fraud became a “new Southern strategy,” the Rutgers University political science professor Lori Minnite wrote in her book The Myth of Voter Fraud. “The reddest base of the Republican Party has been energized by the tarring of Democrats as cheaters and the association of Democrats with a radicalized crime-prone underclass.”
Today, all of the leading Republican candidates for president support efforts to make it harder to vote and have exaggerated the threat of voter fraud. During a campaign stop in South Carolina in November, Cruz nodded when a questioner asserted that Obama was elected in 2008 because of fraud. “We have to win by a big enough margin so they can't steal the election,” Cruz replied.
Trump may be the loudest voice in the room, but, unfortunately, on this issue he's far from alone.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A Minnesota man accused of killing two teenagers who broke into his home last year has been charged with first-degree murder.
A grand jury indicted Byron Smith under seal Wednesday on two counts of first-degree murder with premeditation. The new charges were announced Thursday.
The 64-year-old Smith initially was charged with two counts of second-degree murder in the November deaths of 17-year-old Nick Brady and 18-year-old Haile Kifer.
In Minnesota, a first-degree murder charge must be issued by grand jury indictment.
If convicted, Smith faces a mandatory penalty of life in prison without parole.
Prosecutors say Smith shot the teens multiple times and left their bodies in his Little Falls house for a day before authorities were notified.
One of Smith's attorneys, Adam Johnson, says Smith was acting in self-defense.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Someone tweets for ABC's forthcoming comedy series Fresh Off the Boat is in hot water.
The official account for the show, about an Asian-American family that relocates from their home in the Chinatown section of Washington D.C. to a suburban Florida neighborhood, tweeted a promo on Thursday that immediately drew criticism from followers, including series creator Eddie Huang.
The tweet said, "The world is full of different hats," and featured a poster with illustrated figures wearing various culturally reductive hats, including a sombrero, a turban, a cowboy hat, a bamboo hat and a kufi.
The promo immediately attracted the attention of Huang, who dubbed the ad "plain offensive and ridiculous," among other things, in a series of tweets.
@originalspin @whoismims @FreshOffABC don't excuse them. we can't straddle a fence forever. this is plain offensive and ridiculous — RICH HOMIE HUANG (@MrEddieHuang) January 29, 2015
.@originalspin @whoismims someone please reverse this @FreshOffABC at least they didn't do the native american with chicken pox blankie lol — RICH HOMIE HUANG (@MrEddieHuang) January 29, 2015
.@originalspin @whoismims @FreshOffABC the root cause is hiring people who have NEVER LIVED THESE LIVES and paying them to represent us — RICH HOMIE HUANG (@MrEddieHuang) January 29, 2015
Huang, whose memoir is the basis for Fresh Off the Boat, premiering Feb. 4, also appealed to fellow executive producer Melvin Mar to help get the promo removed.
.@chineseguy88 people at studio actually listen to you because you're a "good chinaman" lol could u please have them take the turban ad down? — RICH HOMIE HUANG (@MrEddieHuang) January 29, 2015
ABC told Mashable that it had no comment, but executive producer Jeff Yang confirmed on his Twitter account that the tweet had indeed been removed.
Confirmed: That tweet is being yanked & the production is reading the riot act at the social media agency right now @whoismims @MrEddieHuang — Jeff Yang (@originalspin) January 29, 2015
Huang has not been shy about his various struggles getting the show on air, and documented them in an essay for Vulture. "The network's approach was to tell a universal, ambiguous, cornstarch story about Asian-Americans resembling moo goo gai pan written by a Persian-American who cut her teeth on race relations writing for Seth MacFarlane," he wrote.
Huang ultimately won a few battles, though, and gave credit to ABC for its willingness to take some bold steps. "I care the most about the conversation that's going to happen because of this show. This show to me is historic," he said. "To deal with the word 'chink' in the pilot episode of a comedy on network television is borderline genius and insane at the same time."
Rev. Jesse Jackson's 'Crude and Hurtful' Barack Obama Comments (Video)
was caught making "crude and hurtful comments" aboutin an interview with a Fox News reporter on Sunday.
Unaware that his microphone was still on, Jackson was asked what he thought about Obama speaking in black churches, and at one point says he wants to "cut his n**s out."
The Rev. issued a statement at a press conference in Chicago on Wednsesday:
For any harm or hurt that this hot mic private conversation may have caused, I apologize. My support for Senator Obama_s campaign is wide, deep and unequivocal. I cherish this redemptive and historical moment. My appeal was for the moral content of his message to not only deal with the personal and moral responsibility of black males, but to deal with the collective moral responsibility of government and the public policy which would be a corrective action for the lack of good choices that often led to their irresponsibility. That was the context of my private conversation and it does not reflect any disparagement on my part for the historic event in which we are involved or my pride in Senator Barack Obama, who is leading it, whom I have supported by crisscrossing this nation in every level of media and audience from the beginning in absolute terms.
Fox News will air the Jackson tape tonight on's show. As soon as there is a video available you can check back here to see the tape from The O'Reilly Factor.
UPDATE: View video below.
photos: Wenn
As we've noted, the Atlanta Falcons don't feel like they have major roster holes, and they have enough money to extend a couple of key players, re-ink most of their key free agents, and maybe make one splash.
If they want to do more than that, they have the option of cutting players to carve out more room. If they're going to cut anybody, the three names on this list seem like likely choices.
If the Falcons are looking to save some $$$, here are three candidates for that big, red and black axe.
DT Tyson Jackson
Cap Savings: $2.65 million
Dead Money: $3.2 million
Free Agent Year: 2019
In 2018, when the Falcons can save almost $5 million by cutting Tyson Jackson, he may be in genuine danger. I'm not convinced he will be in 2017, not when less than $3 million is on the table, and the Falcons could be pretty thin at defensive tackle.
For all the deserved flak T-Jax gets for his production versus his contract, he's played in 16 games for three straight seasons and remains a solid run defender. With Jonathan Babineaux likely headed out, the Falcons are still going to need a steady reserve. It's going to come down to whether they think Tyson Jackson is that guy, or if they think they can do more with $2.65 million.
LG Andy Levitre
Cap Savings: $3.9 million
Dead Money: $2.75 million
Free Agent Year: 2019
After a shaky 2015 season, Andy Levitre was much improved in 2016. That may have been due partly to having Alex Mack next to him, but still, Levitre was a genuine asset. The question is, will that be enough to keep him from being cut?
That likely depends on what the Falcons intend to do at guard. If they want to re-sign Chris Chester or expend a high round pick on a guard and they like Wes Schweitzer to fill one of the starting spots, Levitre could be on the chopping block. That's a lot of ifs, which is why I believe Levitre will be back, but $3.9 million in savings this year and $7 million in savings next year is not chump change. You'll want to watch his status.
DE Brooks Reed
Cap Savings: $2.2 million
Dead Money: $2.82 million
Free Agent Year: 2019
Like Jackson, Reed has not lived up to his contract to this point. Also like Jackson, the savings the Falcons will realize by releasing Reed this year is only significant if the Falcons have a target in mind with the money and feel they won't miss the player very much.
Given that Reed had two sacks, came to life in a big way early in the playoffs, and plays a relative position of need for these Falcons, I don't imagine he'll be cut. With Vic Beasley, Derrick Shelby, Adrian Clayborn, and possibly Courtney Upshaw returning and plenty of talent in the draft, it's not a done deal for Reed that he'll be here, even so.
If the Falcons were to cut all three of these players, for some reason, they would save about $8 million. That would buy you another nice free agent or two, but unless they're going to replace all of these guys with solid mid-tier players or rookies, you're talking about removing a starter and two quality part-timers from the rotation. Given that this team has not seemed overly interested in paying out the nose for multiple big-time free agents, I doubt you'll see more than one man here cut.
Toronto FC went out on Saturday at BMO Field and beat San Jose 4-0. It was their fifth straight win, and all five have been by multiple goals. They've outscored opponents 17-3 in that span.
It actually was a little bit more difficult than the scoreline indicates, at least for the first half-hour. The Quakes, who've mostly been a front-foot, possession-based 3-5-2 team for the last couple of months, came out unexpectedly in a 4-4-1-1 and dropped a ton of numbers behind the ball from the first whistle. This didn't exactly "trouble" TFC, but it at least slowed them down for a little bit as the Reds weren't really creating a lot of danger.
The Andrew Tarbell whiffed on a cross to gift Toronto a goal after 25 minutes. And then, on the other side of the break, it became pretty clear that the Reds had a nice halftime chat in which they figured out how to break down the Quakes. Within a couple of minutes...
Ballgame.
So this is situation normal for TFC at this point. The final score pushed their goal differential on the season to +33, which is the second-best in league history (+41 by the 1998 Galaxy is the mark they'll aim for), and they're now leading the league with 11 shutouts, and the list goes on. What we can add to it today is that the Supporters' Shield race is over.
To be honest it was probably over in July, back near the start of this current 10-game unbeaten streak, when a short-handed TFC team went to the Bronx and got a 2-2 draw from NYCFC, then a full-strength TFC team pounded the Cityzens 4-0 at BMO Field two weeks later. Patrick Vieira said so, and NYCFC fans certainly seem to think so:
They won it weeks ago... — Roddy Russell Jr. (@rrusselljr93) September 9, 2017
Fair enough. But there were nonetheless just six points separating TFC and NYCFC entering this weekend, and it wasn't beyond the realm of possibility that things could or would happen. Both Sebastian Giovinco and Jozy Altidore left this weekend's game with injuries, after all. And Nick Hagglund is still missing, and Michael Bradley looked a bit heavy-legged, and Darwin Ceren almost broke Marky Delgado's leg... but it doesn't matter. The Reds are too deep and too in sync on both sides of the ball to be thrown off their stride even with absences like that.
NYCFC aren't. And so – nursing injuries of their own – they lost 1-0 at home to Portland, and are now nine points back of TFC with six games to go. The Reds need just 10 points from their final six games to officially clinch.
They'll do it, and I think they'll go down as one of the two or three best teams in MLS history. Keep winning into November and December, though, and there's no argument: They'll be No. 1.
Berea, Ohio -- Scott Fujita isn't convinced he'll have to miss a single game this season.
Suspended three games by NFL commissioner Roger Goodell for his alleged role in the New Orleans' bounty scandal, Fujita expressed confidence that he'll play in Cleveland's season opener on Sept. 9 against Philadelphia.
"I'm optimistic about playing in Week 1," he said.
Fujita was one of four players punished by Goodell for contributing to the pay-for-hits program that rocked the league. The 33-year-old returned to practice Tuesday for the first time since hurting his left knee in the Aug. 10 exhibition opener against Detroit. Following the workout on a bright, nearly cloudless day, Fujita said he "has a lot" of optimism about his suspension being reduced or delayed.
Fujita declined to give many details for his positive outlook other than saying he was encouraged by U.S. District Judge Ginger Berrigan's recent statements regarding suspended Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma's request for a temporary restraining order to block the bounty sanctions. The judge has said that if she can clear up concerns about her jurisdiction, she would likely grant Vilma the TRO because she found the NFL's disciplinary process in the bounty matter unfair and the punishment excessive.
The four suspended players are hoping to get the order to put the suspensions on hold. They feel they should be allowed to argue in court that Goodell overstepped his jurisdiction in handing down punishment against the Saints without showing any evidence.
Vilma was suspended for the entire 2012 season, and Saints defensive end Will Smith is banned for the first four regular-season games. Former Saints defensive end Anthony Hargrove, now with Green Bay, was penalized eight games.
The players and their attorneys believe the suspensions could cause them irreparable harm, possible grounds for a judge to grant a restraining order putting the suspensions on hold until it's decided if the commissioner acted properly.
An appeal hearing is scheduled for Thursday in New York. That hearing is occurring under a process laid out by the collective bargaining agreement. Berrigan has indicated that she would feel more comfortable about her jurisdiction after the appeal process under the league's labor agreement had been exhausted.
Berrigan also has urged all sides to try to settle, though there have been no apparent signs of progress on that front.
Fujita's suspension isn't the only one hanging over the Browns (No. 30 in the AP Pro32) as they prepare to face the Eagles.
Cornerback Joe Haden could be facing a four-game suspension for reportedly failing a drug test. The Browns have declined to comment on reports Haden will be suspended for using Adderall.
While his situation gets sorted out, Fujita is just happy to be back on the field. One of the club's defensive captains, he's had his two seasons in Cleveland ended prematurely by injuries. In 2010, he tore a ligament in his left knee and missed the final seven games. Last year, he broke his hand and was placed on injured reserve with six games left.
Although he's not yet participating in team drills, Fujita has been running sprints on the side and been active in practices. When Cleveland's defense is on the field, Fujita stands a few yards behind the safeties and mimics calling out formations and making plays.
Fujita's thoughts have also been with his former teammates in New Orleans, where residents were bracing for Tropical Storm Isaac, traveling on a similar path of destruction that Hurricane Katrina took seven years ago this week.
"It's unbelievable," said Fujita, who spent four seasons with the Saints. "I talked to a lot of the guys down there yesterday. They're dealing with a lot right now."
The Martian surface may be even less hospitable to life than scientists had thought.
Ultraviolet (UV) radiation streaming from the sun "activates" chlorine compounds in the Red Planet's soil, turning them into potent microbe-killers, a new study suggests.
These compounds, known as perchlorates, seem to be widespread in the Martian dirt; several NASA missions have detected them at a variety of locations. Perchlorates have some characteristics that would appear to boost the Red Planet's habitability. They drastically lower the freezing point of water, for example, and they offer a potential energy source for microorganisms, scientists have said. [The Search for Life on Mars: A Photo Timeline]
But the new study, by Jennifer Wadsworth and Charles Cockell — both of the U.K. Centre for Astrobiology at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland — paints perchlorates in a different light. The researchers exposed the bacterium Bacillus subtilis, a common spacecraft contaminant, to perchlorates and UV radiation at levels similar to those found at and near the Martian surface. (Because Mars' atmosphere is just 1 percent as thick as that of Earth, UV fluxes are much higher on the Red Planet than on Earth.)
The bacterial cells lost viability within minutes in Mars-like conditions, the researchers found. And the results were even more dramatic when Wadsworth and Cockell added iron oxides and hydrogen peroxide, two other common components of Martian regolith, to the mix: Over the course of 60 seconds, the combination of irradiated perchlorates, iron oxides and hydrogen peroxide boosted the B. subtilis death rate by a factor of 10.8 compared to cells exposed to UV radiation alone, the researchers found.
"These data show that the combined effects of at least three components of the Martian surface, activated by surface photochemistry, render the present-day surface more uninhabitable than previously thought and demonstrate the low probability of survival of biological contaminants released from robotic and human exploration missions," Wadsworth and Cockell wrote in the study, which was published online today (July 6) in the journal Scientific Reports. (Scientists already knew about perchlorates' toxic potential, but it usually takes high temperatures to "activate" the compounds, Wadsworth told Space.com.)
It's unclear how deep this inferred "uninhabitable zone" goes on Mars, because the precise mechanism behind the cell-killing action isn't understood, Wadsworth said.
"If you're looking for life, you have to additionally keep the ionizing radiation in mind that can penetrate the top layers of soil, so I'd suggest digging at least a few meters into the ground to ensure the levels of radiation would be relatively low," she told Space.com via email.
The European/Russian ExoMars rover, which is scheduled to launch toward the Red Planet in 2020 on a mission to search for signs for life, will feature a drill that can reach a maximum depth of 6.5 feet (2 m).
There's an important caveat to the new results, however: B. subtilis is a garden-variety microbe, not an "extremophile" adapted to survive in harsh conditions, the researchers said.
"It's not out of the question that hardier life forms would find a way to survive" at or near the Martian surface, Wadsworth told Space.com. "It's important we still take all the precautions we can to not contaminate Mars."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
The Clydebank landmark is to become only the second bungee venue in Scotland
One of Scotland's most famous industrial landmarks is being turned into a bungee jumping platform.
The Titan Crane, on the River Clyde at Clydebank, is expected to begin hosting jumpers from June, using a scaffold platform fixed to the end of its cantilever.
Daredevils will plunge 150ft from the A-listed structure towards the surface of the Clyde, with organisers Highland Fling Bungee hoping to draw visitors from across Scotland and beyond.
Managing director Murray Trail said: "It is not just people in Cydebank, Glasgow or the west of Scotland, it opens up bungee jumping to huge areas of the population in England, not to mention international visitors as well."
Highland Fling Bungee has been negotiating with Titan Crane Clydebank, which owns the attraction, since the turn of the year to bring bungee jumping to the Clyde.
The company opened the UK's first permanent bungee site last year at Soldier's Leap in Killiecrankie, Perthshire, in partnership with National Trust for Scotland. In its first season 5500 enthusiasts from all over the world took the plunge.
Titan Crane Clydebank Operations Manager Claire McGinley said: "By placing the Titan Crane in this marketplace, it is encouraging more people to come and learn about the crane, its history and importance in terms of the Clyde and the shipbuilding industry.
"It is a great way to showcase what we do here and the people of Clydebank want to see more activity on the riverside.
"This will bring people from all walks of life and the view the jumpers will get from the top will be amazing."
I'm coming back from walking around outside for hours, totally not playing a certain bug catching game, and then I see this. How can I ever have enough time??? xD
So despite the late hour I'm testing this release a bit.
@Vastar The dualwielding is kind of what I suggested. You DO in fact toggle the hand with “alt” at the moment. The only thing I'd change is to add an option to make the toolbar pop up everytime you change something. (maybe even only pop up the left or right toolbar)
That way you don't have to cripple your hand just to see everything and change it at the same time^^
Also instead of just jumping over items you have only once but in both hotbars, I'd simply not allow having more of that item in both hotbars together than you currently have in your inventory. But this might be a minor thing.
And a nice side effect of dual wielding is that every item has only one action (or that's how it seems atm) which in turn means no punching with things you need to be able to place.
Still not a fan of the: break wood with your wooden stick.
I know this is just a first iteration but still. Please don't do that.
The same goes for the wooden axe and hammer. For me that's just a no-go.
Found a bug too: Autoswinging tool. Was in the menu and when I wanted to play again my character was flailing about with my hammer. (Without me touching anything of course)
I hope it was coherent enough. I'm tired and I'll go to bed now. Will start breaking the game tomorrow
edit. The doing a circle to choose how many items you want to take from a stack is nice. But it might get hard to do exact numbers with larger stacks.
Not sure what the biggest stack size will be (maybe 99?^^). It should probably be fine. But the option to choose the amount with the mousewheel could be a nice addition.
by Allen St. Pierre, Former NORML Executive Director
By Mitch Earleywine, Ph.D
State University of New York at Albany
Chair, NORML board of directors
A new study claims to show small deficits on neuropsychological tests in college students who started smoking marijuana early in life. It might get a lot of press. Prohibitionists love to bang the drum of marijuana-related cognitive deficits, so I'd like NORMLites to know how to make sense of this sort of research. The recurring themes in this literature involve several alternative explanations that never seem to dawn on journalists. These results often arise from artifacts of the study rather than physiological effects of the plant. I'd like to focus on a few: other drug use, dozens of statistical tests, the incentives for performance, and the demands communicated by the experimenters.
The latest paper of this type is actually pretty good. Researchers studied over 30 people aged 18-20 who started using before age 17 (their average starting age was around 15) and who smoked at least 5 days per week for at least a year. They compared them to a comparable bunch of non-users. I hate to see 15-year-olds using anything psychoactive, even caffeine. Spending full days in high school with less than optimal memory functioning is no way to lay the groundwork for a superb life. I admit that I want these same people to grow up and be the next generation of activists, so feel free to call me selfish when I emphasize NORML's consistent message: THE PLANT IS NOT FOR KIDS WHO LACK MEDICAL NECESSITY.
OTHER DRUG USE?
First, we have to keep other drug use in mind. Unfortunately, the marijuana group in this study got drunk more than 4 times as much in the last six months as the controls. Given what we know about binge drinking and neuropsychological functioning, it's going to be hard to attribute any differences between these groups to the plant. It's just as likely that any deficits stem from pounding beers. Studying cannabis users who aren't so involved with alcohol would help address neuropsychological functioning much better.
HOW MANY TESTS?
In addition, we should always consider the number of measures in any study. Many of these neuropsychological tasks have multiple trials that can be scored multiple ways. The more statistical tests you run, the more likely it is that you'll find a statistically significant difference by chance. It's kind of like flipping coins. It's rare to flip four heads in a row. But if you flip a coin a thousand times, odds are high that somewhere in the list of a thousand results will be four heads in a row. These investigators got 48 different test scores out of the participants. You'd expect at least 2 of them to be significant just by chance. They found differences on 14 different scores, suggesting that something's going on, but we're not sure which results are the “real” differences and which ones arose by accident. (That's why we replicate studies like this.) And, as I mentioned, it might all be because of the booze.
WHY WOULD ANYONE DO ALL THESE TESTS?
We also have to consider incentives for performance. Most researchers bring participants to the lab for a fixed fee and ask them to crank out a bunch of crazy puzzles and memory assessments. It's unclear why people would feel compelled to strain their brains. The authors of this study were kind enough to mention some relevant work by my friend (and former student) Dr. Rayna Macher. Dr. Macher showed that cannabis users respond best when you make the effort worth their while. She focused on people who used the plant at least four times per week for a year or more. She read one group some standard instructions for a memory test. The other group got the regular instructions plus an additional sentence: “It is important that you try your very best on these tasks, because this research will be used to support legislation on marijuana policy.”
As you'd guess, this simple sentence fired them up. Compared to cannabis users who didn't hear that sentence, they performed better on 3 out of 10 measures. (You'd expect less than one difference by chance.) And compared to the non-users, the folks who got the incentive sentence did just as well on all the tests. For those who didn't hear the incentive sentence, users did less well than non-users on 1 of the 10.
I know that prohibitionists are going to try to call this amotivation. (See my rant on that when you get a chance) I call it putting effort where it pays. But given what we know about how these studies can hamper the reform of marijuana laws, users everywhere should do their best on all tests whenever they get the chance.
WE OFTEN DO WHAT EXPERIMENTERS EXPECT OF US
Last but not least, we have to consider the demands communicated by the experimenter. Decades of data now support the idea that people often do what others expect them to do, especially if they believe the expectation, too. Another friend and former student, Dr. Alison Looby De Young, showed that these expectations are critical in studies of neuropsychological performance and cannabis. She gave a neuropsychological battery to men who had used cannabis at least three times per week for the last two years. One group of men read instructions that said that cannabis had no impact on their performance on these tests. Another group read instructions that said that cannabis was going to make them perform poorly. You guessed it, those men who heard they were going to flub the tests performed worse on 2 of the 4 tests. (You'd expect less than one difference by chance). As you might imagine, some laboratories communicate their expectations about cannabis and cognitive function subtly or not so subtly. Some participants are bound to behave accordingly. So what looks like a cognitive deficit is just an artifact of the laboratory environment where experimenters stare daggers at cannabis users.
In the end, I'm glad that researchers do this work, but these effects are too small and fleeting to justify prohibition. We already know that cannabis isn't for healthy kids. People who get heavily involved with the plant early in life might not perform as well as those who never touch cannabis even if investigators control for other drug use, AND use a sensible number of tests, AND provide appropriate incentives, AND communicate a reasonable expectation.
But how many people should go to jail for that?
If you said, “None,” you've done an excellent job on an important cognitive test.
Loading Map.... Village West Gallery
331 Newark Avenue - Jersey City
Details 331 Newark Avenue - Jersey City 40.72477 -74.05147299999999
Date/Time
Date(s) - 10/17/2014
5:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Location
Village West Gallery
Category(ies)
The Village West Gallery in Jersey City presents “The Whisky Rebellion,” a whisky-themed group show of paintings, photographs and sculpture.
The opening reception is Friday, October 17, 2014, 5:00-8:00 pm. The reception will feature a complimentary tasting of Brenne, a limited edition French Single Malt Whisky started by former ballerina and local New Yorker, Allison Patel.
—-
The Gallery will be open on October 18 and 19 from noon to 6pm as part of the 24th Annual Jersey City Artists Studio Tour, and will then be open by appointment for the duration of the show.
Closing reception on Friday, November 21st, 6-8pm. The reception will include a talk and signing of the book “Whisk(e)y Distilled: A Populist Guide to the Water of Life” by Heather Greene, Director of Whiskey Education and sommelier at the Flatiron Room in Manhattan.
For directions, list of artists and more information, please visit villagewestgallery.com
This year's Tatuaje Monster Series release will be the Tatuaje Jekyll, as Pete Johnson confirmed that news to halfwheel earlier this afternoon. It's been an obvious candidate for the Monster Series for some time, although Johnson has seemingly gone back and forth on the idea for the better part of the last year. Late last month, Dan Reeve of Cigar Press indicated it would be Jekyll, one of the better indications Johnson's mind had been made up.
The name comes from Robert Louis Stevenson's 1886 novella Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, which has also been adapted for stage, radio television and film versions, including the classic 1941 version with Spencer Tracy, Ingrid Bergman and Lana Turner.
While Johnson won't be releasing any pictures of the cigar or details about the blend until the 2014 IPCPR convention and trade show, which begins July 19, he did tell halfwheel that it will be a 7 x 49 churchill vitola. While some derails remain undecided, much of the release process should be familiar. The cigar will debut at the trade show, it will ship in October first to 13 retailers, known as the “Unlucky 13,” who will receive the majority of the 666 dress boxes. Other accounts might receive a limited number of dress boxes, as well as a greater number of the plain boxes. Tatuaje Jekyll will become the seventh in the company's Monster Series and follows the naming convention Johnson established at the start of the series by using two classic movie monsters and then a more modern monster for the third release.
This is also the first year that Johnson will not be using the word The before the name of a Monster Series cigar. He said he wasn't thrilled about using it with last year's Tatuaje The JV13 release and decided to make the change this year.
With the selection of Jekyll for the 2014 Tatuaje Monster, speculation immediately turns to next year's release, and Johnson has confirmed that it will in fact be the Tatuaje Hyde.
Jekyll and Hyde will bring the release to eight formal Monsters out of the 13 Johnson once planned. In addition, the company has released smaller versions of the cigars in both the Little Monsters and more recently, Pudgy Monsters. The six Monsters to date are as follows.
Winston Churchill wrote an essay on alien life in 1939 when Europe was on the brink of war, shortly before he became prime minister of the United Kingdom.
Winston Churchill was known for his leadership during World War II, but a newfound essay on alien life reveals another side of him, one that was deeply curious about the universe.
"I, for one, am not so immensely impressed by the success we are making of our civilization here that I am prepared to think we are the only spot in this immense universe which contains living, thinking creatures," he wrote in the newly uncovered essay, "or that we are the highest type of mental and physical development which has ever appeared in the vast compass of space and time."
Besides being prime minister of the United Kingdom during the tumultuous years of World War II, the British statesman was also a prolific writer and proponent of science. In fact, he was the first prime minister to have a science advisor. Those traits converged in the newfound 11-page essay about the search for alien life, discovered at the Churchill Museum in Fulton, Missouri. It was first written in 1939 and was slightly revised in the late 1950s. [5 Bold Claims of Alien Life]
"I was amazed to see the title of this article, first of all," Livio, head of the Institute Science Division at the Space Telescope Science Institute, told Space.com. "And then I read it and was even more astonished, because I saw that this great politician is musing about a real scientific topic, an intriguing scientific topic, [and] he is reasoning about this in the same way that a scientist today would go about it."
Churchill was not a scientist, and when the politician composed the essay, Europe was on the brink of war, Livio said.
"And yet, at that time, he finds the time to contemplate such issues and think about things so clearly," Livio added.
Evaluating the likelihood of life
In the essay, Churchill first set out to define life, characterizing the most important quality as the ability to reproduce. He chose to consider "comparatively highly organized life," which Livio said is probably multicellular life. Churchill likely did this to avoid ambiguity for things like viruses, which are able to replicate but exhibit other characteristics that aren't terribly lifelike, Livio said.
Then, Churchill discussed where to look for life: in places with liquid water (or where liquid water can persist, which is what scientists now call the "habitable zone" around stars).
"Then, he says, OK, once we've defined life, what are the necessary ingredients for life to exist? And he identifies liquid water as one such ingredient," Livio said. "And that's exactly what we do today. Our searches for life in the universe today are primarily guided by liquid water."
In his essay, Churchill considered the solar system, deciding that only Mars and Venus could have fulfilled those conditions. The outer planets are too cold, Mercury is too hot on one side and too cold on the other, and the moon and asteroids have gravity too weak to trap the atmosphere, Livio wrote, summarizing Churchill's argument.
Then, Churchill discussed the possibility of planets outside the solar system — exoplanets — which had not yet been discovered. The model he considered, described by astrophysicist James Jean in 1917, predicted that planetary formation is very unlikely to occur. (The theory, which proved incorrect, described planets forming by the gas torn from a star when another star passes by it.)
"But the beautiful thing is, then he says, But wait! Maybe this theory is wrong! Why should we think that this theory is correct?" Livio said. Churchill added that the abundance of double stars suggests that planetary systems could form commonly.
In the article, Livio quoted Churchill's essay: "I am not sufficiently conceited to think that my sun is the only one with a family of planets." Churchill went on to posit that a large fraction of those planets would be the right size to keep water on their surface and maybe an atmosphere, and that some would be at the right distance from their stars to maintain a life-friendly temperature.
"This chain of logic is astounding, in my opinion, for a politician," Livio said. [The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence Explained (Infographic)]
Churchill and science
Livio said Churchill saw value in science, but the statesman took a nuanced approach. He understood that science was necessary to win the war effort, but also established an atmosphere in which science was important in its own right, and he wanted it to be used to improve the world.
"As a result of that, in the 1950s, came all these great discoveries," Livio said, citing milestones like finding the structure of DNA and developing radio astronomy, which stemmed from work on radar. "Once you generate the framework and the infrastructure for science to thrive, then a variety of discoveries come."
But Churchill also emphasized that science should work to advance humanity, Livio said.
"Later in life, he also understood that one cannot do the science in what he would call a moral vacuum," Livio said. "You need to embed all the scientific research and discoveries also in the context of human values, and an understanding of the human condition."
Livio emphasized that today, science has serious problems to address, particularly regarding food resources, climate change and disease. Churchill's approach to science is necessary, Livio said.
"All of those [concerns] require serious scientific input, so there must be the mechanisms in place to get that scientific input, and the correct scientific input — which means science advisors at high levels, and involvement of scientists in a variety of decisions concerning some of those challenges," Livio said. "It certainly doesn't help to shun sciences; some of these problems can turn into disasters if nothing is done."
As for the likelihood of life on other planets, over the past 20 years, scientists have discovered thousands of planets orbiting other stars and have made large strides in determining these worlds' characteristics remotely. But researchers have yet to discover definitive signs of life elsewhere in the universe, or to visit other planets in person to hunt for life. However, Churchill didn't want to put bounds on what advancing science or technology might bring, Livio said.
"When he discussed the possibility of traveling to other planets and things like that, he says, well maybe this isn't possible today but, he says, 'It is rash to set limits to the progress of science,'" Livio said. "Things that are not possible today, you shouldn't think that they would not be possible in the future."
Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow her @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
You hear about the glory of Hot Doug's and decide to go check it out. (You should.) Just prepare yourself. It doesn't matter whether you're from out of town or just from another neighborhood in the city, unless you live in the northwest neighborhood of Avondale you're going to have to exert some effort to get there. The closest L stop, the Belmont Blue Line stop, is a mile away, and the California bus runs -- how should I say this? -- inconsistently. Regardless, you solider on determined to taste sausage perfection.
And it is closed.
Though Hot Doug's is the most acclaimed hot dog stand in the city, and perhaps the world, owner Doug Sohn keeps hours that would make most bankers blush. His self-described "Sausage Superstore and Encased Meat Emporium" is open only from 10:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., Monday through Saturday. But he also likes to take time off to celebrate just about any holiday that could be construed as one. At least Sohn is honest about the practice; a message on the Hot Doug's website reads: "We also take a whole bunch of holidays off, so give us a call to make sure we're open (if it's a holiday)."
Which is all a way of saying that no matter how careful you are, undoubtedly you will go to Hot Doug's only to find it closed. It will break your heart. It has broken mine. But the best thing to do is pay your respects for a few seconds and move on. Hot Doug's is a treasure, and whatever Mr. Sohn needs to do to keep his sanity, he should be able to do it. Luckily, there are alternatives.
While there is nothing that quite equals the shining brilliance of Hot Doug's -- not many places do -- a surprising number of great restaurants are located nearby. In fact, there are enough choices that there some alternatives to the alternatives. Of course, not all of the options worked so well. Locating a decent hot dog turned out to be a nearly impossible task.
If you're in need of a quick answer, the quickest way to sort through all this is by consulting the flowchart above (click here to make it bigger). Hopefully it will provide the right alternative for you.
If you have more time, then you should instead check out the slideshow above, which examines the numerous options around the area. Of course, though I tried to be as thorough as possible, I'm sure I missed a place or two. Let me know!
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
His new theories have been heavily criticised by other scientists
A British scientist has claimed that the secret to preventing ageing may be solved in the near future and that some people born already may live for up to a 1,000 years.
The staggering claims were made by Dr Aubrey de Grey, a Harrow and Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist who has made a name for himself for his research into preventing ageing.
Dr de Grey, the co-founder and chief science officer of Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence (SENS) Research Foundation, based in California, says he is developing a new form of medicine based on regenerative therapies.
Scroll down for video
Dr Aubrey de Grey, a Harrow and Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist has made a name for himself for his research into preventing ageing
Dr Aubrey de Grey described the human body as being like a is a 'machine with moving parts' and that damage accumulated during its lifetime was part of life.
However Dr de Grey's research team are working on a new type of regenerative therapies. It has been well backed financially with support from leading figures at Google and Paypal.
'By reconstructing the structured order of the living machinery of our tissues, these rejuvenation biotechnologies will restore the normal functioning of the body's cells and essential biomolecules, returning aging tissues to health and bringing back the body's youthful vigor,' the SENS Research Foundation claims.
However the research centres have been criticised by Dr Tilo Kunath, of the Centre for Regenerative Medicine at the University of Edinburgh, has dismissed his theories as incorrect.
Critics say it is only potentially possible to extend a person's life by 30 per cent if they adhere to a restricted diet
Dr Kunath said that no one will be able to live past 120 at present nor will they live longer in the near future.
He claimed it was only potentially possible to extend a person's life by 30 per cent if they adhere to a restricted diet.
'No one in the future could be genetically modified for a human to live longer than say 120 years.
CLEARWATER BEACH, Fla. - A North Carolina woman was arrested after police say she poured vodka in a boy's eyes at a hotel pool in Florida.
Clearwater police say Roseanna Marie Kiser, 23, of Huntersville, North Carolina, was arrested Tuesday on charges of child abuse and battery on a law enforcement officer.
Police say Kiser was intoxicated at the Sheraton Sand Key Hotel in Clearwater Beach when she became upset with the boy because he splashed water near her.
Police say she opened a bottle of vodka and poured some of it onto the boy's eyes and face before grabbing and pushing him into the pool.
An arrest report says Kiser kicked a police officer in the groin with her foot during her arrest.
It's unclear whether she has an attorney.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New Looney Tunes (formerly known as Wabbit: A Looney Tunes Production for its first season) is an American animated television series from Warner Bros. Animation based on the characters from Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies.[3] The series premiered on September 21, 2015, on Cartoon Network,[4] and later premiered on October 5, 2015, on Boomerang. The show, along with most other WBA shows, then later moved to Boomerang's SVOD service where episodes are released before airing on television.[6][7][8]
On May 23, 2018, the Boomerang streaming service announced that New Looney Tunes would continue until 2019.[9]
Production [ edit ]
[note 1] Squeaks and Bugs, as drawn in a promotional still.
After The Looney Tunes Show ended production in 2013, concepts for a new show featuring the Looney Tunes led to the decision for a reboot of the characters. At the time, the idea of making a reboot of all of the Looney Tunes focused mainly on Bugs Bunny and in March 2014, it was announced that the reboot would be known as wabbit. (or bugs! in some regions), to coincide with other reboots of Warner Bros. classics, such as Be Cool, Scooby-Doo! and The Tom and Jerry Show.[11] Sam Register, promoted to president of Warner Bros. Animation and Warner Digital Series a month prior, became supervising producer for the series.[12] The animation was done by Yearim and Rough Draft Studios from South Korea and Snipple Animation from the Philippines.
The aim of the reboot was for its cartoons to match the tone of the Looney Tunes shorts in their earlier days. This led to the characters returning to their slapstick comedy roots,[13] but with producers seeking to avoid their clichés, such as the anvil gag. The show's production team placed their emphasis on writing original stories, as well as devising "modern heavy objects to cause pain", according to producer Erik Kuska, with each episode featuring a few shorts in which one or a number of characters became caught up in a situation that they would handle in their own personal way. Despite that, some classic objects can occasionally be seen, such as boulders or safes. Similarly, some classic expressions can be heard, such as Bugs forgetting to "make that left turn at Albuquerque", or uttering "of course you know, this means war" (though "war" is usually replaced with other phrases invoking conflict of some sort). The characters themselves saw some alterations to their appearances, with some also reverting to personality traits they originally had in their earliest appearances - for example, Daffy Duck was reverted to his original screwball personality from his early shorts.
The first season of the show was known as Wabbit and focused primarily on Bugs Bunny as the main character, with recurring appearances by Yosemite Sam and Wile E. Coyote, and minor appearances by the Tasmanian Devil and Michigan J. Frog (is also portrayed as a villain). Like his early shorts, Bugs mostly finds himself outwitting opponents either because they seek to cause him trouble or have done something to wreck his peaceful life. The first season saw the introduction of a few new characters to the Looney Tunes franchise,[14] many of them being new villains Bugs faces, but not without the help of his friends.[15]
Among the new characters introduced in this show are:
Squeaks the Squirrel - A red squirrel who is Bugs' closest friend and sidekick (whose speech initially consisted only of squeaking sounds, occasionally giving way to intelligible speech in season 3).
Bigfoot - A childlike creature who tends to annoy Bugs, usually calling him "lady" (or occasionally "ma'am"), to Bugs' chagrin
The Barbarian - An unnamed barbarian that runs afoul of Bugs. Krakos - The Barbarian's polar bear mount.
Boyd - A lovesick bird.
Cal - A strong man who considers himself the best at whatever he is doing.
Carl the Grim Rabbit - A rabbit version of the Grim Reaper.
Claudette Dupri - A fox spy.
Dr. Clovenhoof - A sheep scientist.
Elliot Sampson - A bobcat scoutmaster and businessman.
Hazmats - A group of, as Bugs puts it, "highly trained government officials" in hazmat suits that often deal with or chase him, Squeaks and Bigfoot.
Horace the Horse - A horse who often works with Porky.
Ivana - A woman who often encroaches on Bugs' territory.
Jack - A "jack of all trades" who does various work. This character was dropped after his first two appearances because his screaming trait was becoming similar to Yosemite Sam. [16]
King Thes - A royal lion who tries to eat anyone.
Leslie P. Lilylegs - An obnoxious short man who tends to desire power while working for his different bosses.
Pampreen and Paul Perdy - Two rich kids that are related to Leslie.
Rhoda Roundhouse - A female wrestler.
Shameless O'Scanty - A not-so-lucky leprechaun.
Sir Littlechin - A knight who often targets mythical animals.
Slugsworthy the First - A stuck-up elephant seal.
Squint Eatswood - A discriminatory beaver.
Tad Tucker - A reality television personality, with a strong preference for eating rabbits (especially a "whole/entire family")
Trey Hugger - An activist.
Winter Stag - A cryokinetic deer.
According to Kuska, the focus on newer antagonists for Bugs to deal with was described as allowing him to do his "best when he's up against a really good adversary". As a result of the inclusion of new villains, Kuska felt that Elmer Fudd might not be "the man" anymore, having often been a common antagonist that Bugs dealt with in many shorts, despite appearing later on in the series.[14]
After the first season ended, the production team decided to focus on the other Looney Tunes stars besides Bugs, thus the show was retooled and renamed New Looney Tunes for the second season and featured a new intro, with music based on the late 1930's Looney Tunes theme. While Bugs and those featured in the first season returned, the second season saw the addition of the other classic characters including Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Foghorn Leghorn, Elmer Fudd, Sylvester, Tweety, Granny, Speedy Gonzales, Marvin the Martian, Road Runner, Pepé Le Pew (usually portraying a James Bond-esque secret agent), Petunia Pig and Lola Bunny. Some episodes saw characters operating as a double act (a plot mechanic mainly used for Daffy and Porky, as had been done in the classic shorts). Other obscure figures from the classic Looney Tunes shorts such as the Goofy Gophers, Cecil Turtle, Hubie and Bertie, Count Blood Count, Marc Antony and Pussyfoot, Claude Cat, Pete Puma and Gabby Goat also made appearances.
Season 3 will feature Axl Rose as a guest star and will feature his first studio recording since 2008.[17]
Characters [ edit ]
Main characters [ edit ]
Supporting characters [ edit ]
Episodes [ edit ]
Season Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired Network 1 52 September 21, 2015 ( ) February 8, 2018 ( ) Cartoon Network (episodes 1–22)
Boomerang SVOD (episodes 23–52)
Boomerang 2 52 February 8, 2018 ( ) January 31, 2019 ( ) Boomerang SVOD
Boomerang
Reception [ edit ]
Season Timeslot (ET) Episodes Premiered Ended Viewers
(in millions) Date Premiere viewers
(in millions) Date Finale viewers
(in millions) 1 for Boomerang Weekdays 8:00 p.m. (episodes 1-12)
Monday 8:00 p.m. (episode 13-19)
Saturday 7:00 p.m. (episodes 20-22)
Friday 1:45 a.m. (episode 23)
Weeknights 2:15 a.m. (episode 24-present) 52 October 5, 2015 0.28[19] TBA TBA 1 for CN Weekdays 5:00 p.m. (episodes 1-12)
Thursday 5:00 p.m. (episode 13)
Thursday 2:00 p.m. (episode 14)
Thursday 8:45 a.m. (episode 15)
Saturday 10:00 a.m. (episodes 16-20)
Saturday 9:45 a.m. (episodes 21-present) 52 September 21, 2015 1.24[19] TBA TBA 1.59
Broadcast [ edit ]
Wabbit premiered on September 21, 2015 on Cartoon Network and on Boomerang beginning October 5, 2015, then went on hiatus for over a year and return on April 7, 2017.[20][21][22][23] The series premiered on November 2 on Boomerang in Australia and New Zealand and on Boomerang in the United Kingdom and Ireland.[24][25] It premiered on November 6, 2015 on Teletoon in Canada[26] and debuted on December 19 on Boomerang in the Middle East and Africa.[27] In India, the series premiered on Pogo TV on 19 December 2015.[28] The series premiered on January 10, 2016 on Cartoon Network Arabic in the Middle East.
New episodes began being broadcast on Boomerang, starting April 7, 2017.
Season 2 premiered on Boomerang UK on September 4, 2017.
The entire first season is available on Netflix in Canada.
The show streams exclusively on the Boomerang premium subscription service, available on Android, iOS, desktop, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Amazon Kindle Fire Tablet, Roku and Chromecast.[6]
Home media [ edit ]
The first half of Season 1 of Wabbit was released onto DVD on April 26, 2016 in the United States. Despite being half of a season, the DVD is subtitled, Hare-Raising Tales. The DVD contains the first 26 episodes (52 segments) but is labeled on the side as Season 1 – Part 1.[29][30] The DVD contains episodes 23–26 which did not air in the United States until April 7, 2017. Disregarding the show's European name, Wabbit: Season 1 – Part 1 was also released in the United Kingdom on July 25, 2016[31] and June 15, 2016 in Australia.[32]
Explanatory notes [ edit ]
^ [10] Early press kits give Squeaks a different appearance.
SOCIAL insects are often dismissed as slaves to the collective mind of the hive. But individual members of colonies do have brains and are technically capable of making their own decisions. Indeed, several studies have shown that insects such as ants and bees sometimes ignore shared information in favour of what they individually know. What drives them to act independently has been something of a mystery. New research shows that when a tasty source of food is available the hive mentality is blatantly ignored.
The discovery was made when Ellouise Leadbeater, then of the Zoological Society of London, and Claire Florent of University College London were studying how bumblebees gathered nectar. Insects have various ways of sharing information. Ants obtain social information about food sources by following trails of chemicals left by the feet of other ants, and honeybees learn about resources by studying dances performed by their hive mates. Like them, bumblebees have their own technique. They learn about new supplies of nectar by monitoring the floral scents in their nesting colony and then searching for the smells outside. This led Dr Leadbeater and Ms Florent to speculate that if they meddled with the scents found in these colonies, they could find out what caused bumblebees to ignore social information in favour of their own knowledge.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
To do this, the researchers gave 42 individually tagged bumblebees two days to explore an experimental garden. Within this garden were seven artificial flowers in the form of yellow foam discs laced with essential oils of geraniums and a small well containing 50 microlitres of a nectar-like sugar solution. After their orientation was complete, single bees were selected at random as they left to forage in the garden. Half of these bees, upon their return to the colony to deposit the nectar they collected, found the colony as they left it: rich with the smell of geranium oil. The other half, however, returned to a colony that had been artificially laced with essential oils of lavender, just as it would have been if their fellow hive members had been collecting nectar from lavender plants.
The fragrant garden
When the bumblebees next went out to forage in the garden they encountered not just the seven geranium-scented artificial flowers but also seven new artificial flowers laced with lavender oil. This time, only the lavender flowers contained a sugary solution. This represented a typical situation where some plant species come into bloom and others fade.
As before, all 42 bumblebees headed for the geranium-scented flowers, regardless of what scent they had encountered in their colony. Similarly, all but two of the bees made between six and eight geranium visits before deciding to take a chance with the lavender-scented ones.
As the researchers report in the July issue of Behavioural Ecology and Sociobiology, the social information gained from the colony seemed to play only a minor role in determining how quickly bumblebees switched to the lavender food source. If the bumblebees came from the lavender-scented colony, then once they had visited their first lavender plant, 80% of the flowers they subsequently visited were lavender. That compared with a figure of 60% for bumblebees that came from a colony where the scent of lavender was absent.
Precisely why the bumblebees largely ignored social information about lavender and so steadfastly stuck with their personal knowledge about geraniums providing a bigger feast, even when it was no longer so, proved vexing. Dr Leadbeater and Ms Florent wondered if the insects might have an innate preference for geraniums over lavender, but in a follow-up experiment where bumblebees were given the chance to choose between the two, they showed no preference whatsoever.
Dr Leadbeater speculates that learning a new foraging route might expose bumblebees to risks that they would not encounter if they simply returned to flowers that they had already personally visited, and that this is why they resisted following up on new foraging information. Bumblebee nests, it appears, buzz with a lot more individuality than anyone had realised.
‘Efficiency dividend' won't be returned to base rate, in an effort to raise $1.9bn, and likely to mean further cuts to public sector employment
Public servants face further budget and job cuts under the 2016 budget with agencies including the environment department, immigration and social services in the firing line.
Although overall workforce numbers, excluding the armed forces, will remain largely static with 185 job losses in 2016­-17, within that there are large cuts planned for the Department of Human Services (810 jobs) and the Department of Social Services (344 jobs).
Cultural agencies such as the National Film and Sound Archives, the National Gallery of Australia and the National Museum of Australia will lose about 60 positions, the Department of Environment is set for a cull of 54 staff and the attorney general's department will lose 264 positions.
Scott Morrison's 'leave pass' comment riles public service union Read more
A further 41 jobs will go from the Australian Bureau of Statistics, which faced criticism late last year over problems with its employment figures.
The government's books will also help by an increase in the “efficiency dividend” – a yearly cut to departmental budgets that is intended to be compensated for by department savings. The increase will raise about $1.9bn for the government over the next four years.
The efficiency dividend, now at 2.5%, was supposed to return to the base rate of 1% in 2017­-18 under last year's budget but will now increase to 2.5%.
In a pre­budget release, the Community and Public Sector Union criticised the efficiency dividend as a “blunt instrument” and said any further cuts to the sector would erode the quality and reliability of services.
The union's national secretary, Nadine Flood, said: “These cuts will inevitably lead to more job losses and the erosion of the services that ordinary Australians rely on.
“This is a continuation of a policy that meant one in three phone calls to the Medicare, Centrelink and child support agencies went unanswered last financial year, 22m calls missed in total.”
Previous efficiency dividends have contributed to the government cutting almost 18,000 jobs since 2013, including more than 4,000 tax office positions, the union claims.
Some $500m raised by the increased efficiency dividend will be “reinvested” into the public sector to help reform agencies.
Not all agencies face cuts. Among those to benefit, the Australian Tax Office has been promised a 1,000-­strong operational task force to combat multinational tax avoidance – this will involve total employment numbers at the tax office rising by 539 people.
Will the Pride continue good form, or will Seattle make them pay for a slip? Can Houston find its game? How does Mallory Pugh fit into Washington? Look for answers to these questions and more in NWSL Week 6.
GAME OF THE WEEK
Orlando Pride (1-2-2) at Seattle Reign FC (2-1-2)
Sunday, 9:30 p.m. EDT, Memorial Stadium
All-time series: tied, 1-1-0
In Seattle: Reign, 1-0-0
Last meeting: July 23, 2016; 5-2 Seattle
Five games in, and Seattle already has two blowouts to its name. While Washington held strong for the first hour or so of the game, when they did lapse defensively, the Reign were all over them, relentless in their punishment. Nahomi Kawasumi had one of the best individual games in the history of the NWSL, and the Reign didn't skip a beat without Merritt Mathias, serving the first game of her suspension. Look for them to bring a high press again, taking advantage of their lightning quick transition game. They've proven they can deliver a pounding on poorly organized teams, so the real question is, which Pride shows up?
Orlando finally got the monkey off its back by earning their first win of the season last week against none other than formerly undefeated North Carolina. They were adept in stretching the Courage's three-back, which could bode well for them if Laura Harvey continues in that formation. However, they need to get the ball to Marta more. Defensively, they want more from Alanna Kennedy, and they may want to stick with Dani Weatherholt at defensive mid even if Monica is recovered, as her physicality will be key in slowing down the Reign. One victory does not a winning team make just yet, and if the Pride slip back into old form, this game could be over before it starts.
PLAYERS TO WATCH
Rachel Corsie
The Scottish defender quietly put together a very solid game last week, though overshadowed by her teammates' offensive prowess. As Orlando finds its form, players like Marta, Jamia Fields, and Camila are beginning to trouble defenses, so Corsie needs a repeat performance.
Ali Krieger
Once she returned to right back, Krieger has been one of the Pride's best players. Last week she worked hard defending Lynn Williams while also rampaging up and down the flank, burning past Sam Witteman to deliver the assist that led to the Orlando's first goal. Her offensive contributions will be valuable for further Pride success, but first, she'll have her hands full with Megan Rapinoe, who has yet to be slowed down this season.
Keep an eye on:
• Carson Pickett, still looking for consistency
• Toni Pressley, who may be Orlando's best centerback
{Related: Q&A with Seattle Reign Midfielder Christine Nairn}
***
Portland Thorns FC (2-1-2) at Boston Breakers (2-2-1)
Friday, 7 p.m. EDT, Jordan Field
All-time series: Thorns lead, 6-5-0
In Boston: Breakers, 4-2-0
Last meeting: September 4, 2016; 5-1 Thorns
The weekend kicks off with an enticing matchup between Portland, who doesn't look like themselves but has managed to hang on to third place, and Boston, who also doesn't look like themselves but is redefining their identity. Led by the aggressive creativity of Rose Lavelle, Rosie White, and Adriana Leon, the Breakers have developed into a fast-paced, high pressing team. Expect Natasha Dowie to lurk around Emily Sonnett, waiting to be sprung by a through ball from Lavelle.
Unfortunately for Portland, that midfield may have taken yet another hit from injury as Allie Long is questionable. Without her, their strongest central midfielder, Amandine Henry and Lindsey Horan have to step up. Part of Portland's problems in the attack so far is that those three have yet to have strong games at the same time, so perhaps changing responsibilities will shake things up. The Thorns also want to keep an eye on Adrianna Franch's struggles with distribution and clearances, as it's something a player like Leon will jump all over. The Thorns are likely to keep the ball on the ground, and look for the attack to heavily feature Meghan Klingenberg, who wants to be wary of leaving as much space behind as she tends to do.
Keep an eye on:
• Angela Salem, solid yet quiet in her defensive midfield role
• The Thorns' quickly depleting bench
***
Houston Dash (2-3-0) at Sky Blue FC (2-2-1)
Saturday, 4 p.m. EDT, Yurcak Field
All-time series: Sky Blue lead, 5-1-3
In New Jersey: Sky Blue, 2-1-2
Last meeting: May 13, 2017; 3-1 Sky Blue
It's one of the more annoying features of NWSL scheduling when teams play each other back to back, but here we are. Last week Sky Blue had little trouble in Houston, and with Kelley O'Hara back, they'll be even more threatening in the attack. Much was made of Christie Pearce's return and her impact on the backline, but although their defensive shape was much better, they still gifted Houston a few opportunities on poor clearances that a better team would have put away. The best news for Sky Blue is that Sam Kerr got on the scoreboard, and that paled in comparison to her no-look flick to Leah Galton for the game-winning goal. If the floodgates open, Houston, and the rest of the NWSL, needs to watch out.
The game plan for Houston is simple: everything they didn't do last week, they need to. They were flat, uninspired, and lacked energy, and not for the first time this season. Habits grow quickly and are hard to break, so the sooner they find the form they're capable of, the better. Although Kealia Ohai's touch failed her a few times, she's yet to face an outside back she can't turn and found success against both Erin Simon and Kayla Mills. If her teammates can match her drive, they might find the back the net more often. However, it's an improved defensive performance they need to seek, as Kerr and Galton had no problem pulling central defense out of shape.
Keep an eye on:
• The pure composure of Kailen Sheridan
• More of the Morgan Brian-Andressa pairing
{Related: Mother's Day with the Roccaros}
***
FC Kansas City (1-2-2) at Washington Spirit (1-3-1)
Saturday, 7 p.m., Maryland SoccerPlex
All-time series: Spirit lead, 5-3-2
In Washington: Spirit, 4-0-1
Last meeting: July 16, 2016; 3-2 Spirit
If you don't know what the biggest story from this weekend will be, you've been living under a rock. Mallory Pugh is expected to make her professional debut, and no matter what Jim Gabarra says, the expectations are sky high from the start. However, no matter how many goals Pugh scores or assists, she can't stop the other team from scoring, and the Spirit's defensive collapse was the biggest story from last weekend.
The good news for the Spirit is that FCKC isn't as strong in the attack as Seattle was. The bad news is Pugh gets her first test against the best defense in the league. Kansas City may not be scoring much, and if Shea Groom and Sydney Leroux continue to struggle it's going to become a bigger problem, but Vlatko Andonovski has no worries on the other end of the pitch. Expect a low scoring match, but one in which Nicole Barnhart likely gets called into action more often than Stephanie Labbé.
Keep an eye on:
• Pugh, who else?
• If Brittany Ratcliffe can turn her hustle into goals
{Related: Three Takes on Pugh's Signing}
***
Chicago Red Stars (2-2-1) at North Carolina Courage (4-1-0)
Sunday, 4 p.m. EDT, Sahlen's Stadium
All-time series: tied, 4-4-3
In North Carolina: first meeting
Last meeting: July 1, 2016; 2-0 Flash
The Courage suffered their first defeat of the season last week, losing 1-3 to the (at the time) last place Orlando Pride. However, a loss was going to happen eventually, they're still in first place, and although they were outplayed, as a team, they were not bad. The key here will be to be able to run their fast-paced game against a Red Stars side that's pretty good at absorbing pressure and slowing teams down. Makenzy Doniak is having a strong sophomore season, but she may have met her match in Casey Short. In the back, Abby Dahlkemper needs a much stronger game than she had against the Pride, particularly with the absence of Abby Erceg (suspended).
The Red Stars have found success more often than not, but it hasn't been in the most convincing fashion. The best sign may be that Christen Press stole a point from Boston last week with a last-gasp header, and anytime Press scores, the Red Stars are rising. But although they've remained strong defensively in front of Alyssa Naeher, the question remains if the success of Julie Ertz in midfield is worth moving either Danielle Colaprico or Vanessa DiBernardo out of their best positions.
Keep an eye on:
• Debinha to make up for her baffling miss from last week
• Press, who scores in streaks, to find the back of the net again
{Read More: Bayern Munich to see Multiple Offseason Departures}
Save
KickBeat: Where Music And Violence Collide
By Kris . September 7, 2013 . 5:29pm
At first I was worried that a few hurdles would stand in the way of me enjoying KickBeat. The art style wasn't quite my cup of tea, the circling aggressors as input markers felt visually messy, and the tracklist featuring Marilyn Manson, P.O.D., Papa Roach, and Blue Stahli (who I'd only heard of due to the frightening amount of Devil May Cry combo videos I've watched) could be unflatteringly described as “angry white boy music.”
My skepticism persisted into the music-free tutorial. It made things seem pretty simple at first, enemies hop out of the surrounding group of foes and circle you for about 90 degrees until they attack and you press the button corresponding to the direction they're approaching from.
Each enemy is color-coded. Yellow enemies attack on beats, Blue enemies attack on half-beats (often in groups of two or three), and Red enemies attack in groups (which requires you to press multiple buttons at once to take them out). On occasion, yellow enemies will have a trail that connects them, which requests that you hold the button after you strike the first enemy and releasing when the second attacks. Beat up a bunch of enemies without taking a hit and you'll get a score multiplier. Beating enemies will also build up your chi, which works much like Guitar Hero's “Star Power.” Fill up the meter and activate it to double your multiplier (and make your character transparent) for a bit. Take damage and your chi and health meters drop. Run out of health, and the song is over.
If an enemy has an “orb” over their head, you can press the attack button twice to collect 500 extra points, a chi boost, an increase to your multiplier, a temporary shield that will prevent you from taking damage, or a burst of sorts that will destroy any enemies circling you (these last two can be saved for when you need them). I found it a bit weird at first, since there's no audio cue that tells you whether you got the orb or not, and putting items in the middle of a rhythm game initially felt counterintuitive. That said, once I got a hold of things, I noticed how the enemies with power ups tied to the music, adding an extra button press to match beats in situations that would be hard to force another attacker into.
The opening cutscene introduced one of our heroes, Lee, locked in a cell and explaining that he was one of the monks tasked with keeping care of the “sound sphere,” which contains all music there is, was, and will ever be. He flashes back to his dojo being attacked and the sound sphere being stolen, and the game begins with him leaping into an arena, surrounded by goons and… I started flailing.
At first I was struggling even on Normal difficulty. Normal even has the game simplify reading incoming attacks for you. It puts pads on the ground to represent which buttons you'll need to press, and even lights up when your enemies step on them, indicating that the enemy can be dealt with. It even illuminates further when they're about to attack, indicating that hitting them will result in a perfect strike, which results in more points. Somehow, even with these training wheels, I still took hits left and right, relying on the extra health normal gave me to get through.
I restarted before I was halfway through the song, frustrated and knowing I could do better. As the singer of Pre-Fight Hype rap-rocked his way through the song, I started matching his beats a little bit better. On a certain beat, all of a sudden, the game slows down Lee's typically speedy enemy-destruction and zooms in on him countering an incoming punch and kicking his enemy away, all synced up quite nicely to things the singer was saying about “causing a reaction” and “lights, camera, action.”
In that single moment of unified stylish animation, violence, and aggressive music, KickBeat captured me. I was completely engaged. The lyrics of the songs that I'd normally find somewhat silly gave way to how well synchronized the songs were to the onscreen combat. Lee would move gracefully from one enemy to the next, toss blue enemies into each other, and simply tear through crowds of enemies as long as I kept my timing on point. Watching my character take down a group of enemies in stylish ways (especially in slow motion) became its own reward. The combination of the action and the music kept me going, whether I was fighting ravers or dodging missiles fired by a hellicopter.
I worked through all 18 tracks of Lee's story in an afternoon, repeating certain ones to get better star ranks on them. During this time, I realized that if I was able to hit each enemy in a certain section of a song, regardless of whether I grabbed their orbs or successfully pulled off the held notes, I'd get more points for a “Perfect Section Bonus.” I felt like I was on top of the world.
Then I tried Hard difficulty, which is where KickBeat began to take its true shape. The button prompts were eliminated, and for a few attempts at the first track, I had no idea what was going on. However, a quick breather made me realize that the next enemy to attack was illuminated, and the more I simply relied on the music, the better I'd do. As I played through the second character Mei's storyline (which were the exact same 18 tracks as Lee's), I also started to see the significance of item-carrying enemies in terms of matching the song's beat… which was even better for Expert and Master modes, as they demanded that each orb be absorbed so as to not break your combo.
After a few runs through story mode on various difficulties, I tried the game's “Beat Your Music” mode, which allows you to import your own songs into the game with only a few taps of a button to help find the song's beat. Perhaps it was user error, but each song I tried had some very off-beat moments in it. When it synced up, it was cool, but there were enough awkward moments (even after multiple attempts to correct my beat-matching) that I went back to playing the game's regular tracklist before too long. There's a level of quality to those tracks that I couldn't quite match with the automatically generated stuff.
Food for Thought:
1. While the game's storyline is pretty cheesy and has a couple of groan-worthy jokes, I was nevertheless interested to see how it played out.
2. As much as I was skeptical about Zen Studios's choice of songs in the beginning, I enjoy all of them but one, and the majority of them are stuck in my head as I write this.
3. Although I liked the game's difficulty curve, people with a more natural inclination towards rhythm games might be a bit disappointed to know that you can't play a song in free play on any difficulty without having beaten it on that difficulty in story mode first.
CHANCELLOR ANGELA MERKEL called on Germans to hold firm to democratic values in the face of jihadist terror, urging them to counter “murderers who are full of hate” with compassion and cohesion.
In her New Year's address delivered less than two weeks after a Tunisian suspect rammed a truck into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing 12 people, Merkel acknowledged it was “bitter and sickening” that the attack and others in July were carried out by asylum seekers.
Nevertheless, she defended her decision in September 2015 to let in tens of thousands fleeing war from mostly Arab and Muslim nations.
“When we look at the images of bombed out Aleppo in Syria, we have to say once again how important and right it was for us to have helped those who needed our protection to find their way here and to integrate,” she said.
Merkel said it was through such values of humanity and openness that Germany should face down those who espouse hate.
“As we go on with our lives and work, we tell the terrorists: You are murderers full of hate, but you will not determine how we live and want to live. We are free, compassionate and open,” she said.
Conflict
Merkel has been under fire over her liberal refugee policy, as the arrival of around a million people over the past two years has deeply polarised society.
Two other attacks carried out in July by asylum seekers, and the 19 December assault have emboldened right-wing populist critics.
The German leader promised that the government will in 2017 “swiftly put in place and implement any necessary political or legal changes” to close down any security gaps, after the Berlin truck attack exposed serious failures.
But she cautioned against placing certain groups of people under a blanket of suspicion.
Without naming populists, Merkel hit out at those who she said present a “distorted” picture of democracy.
But she said the system is “strong, it allows everyone to act, participate.
“It accepts, no, it demands contradictions and criticisms.
“Criticism that peacefully and respects individuals, that seek solutions and compromises and does not exclude entire groups,” she said, urging politicians not to forget these guiding principles in the run-up to elections in 2017.
The immigration bill might die in the Senate, as we know, because Marco Rubio, a member of the Gang of Eight, signed off on the Gang of Eight's bill and then (after various tea party eruptions) decided that the Gang of Eight's bill was ridiculously soft on border security.
So now Republicans, following Texas Senator Jon Cornyn, are insisting on strict border security measures. But they're not so much strict as they are basically impossible. I understand that there is an extent to which Cornyn is merely representing the views of his constituents, provided you take his constituents to be not all Texans (the vast majority of the Latino ones) but the white conservative ones that are his base. But their demands and expectations aren't reasonable.
I just got wind of this op-ed that ran a while back in the Journal (the Journal?!?) by Edward Alden of the Council on Foreign Relations about the impossibility of total security. He writes:
Does a secure border mean one in which no one is able to cross between the legal entry ports? The most secure border in modern history was probably the Cold War border between East and West Germany. To keep their people from leaving—logistically much easier than keeping others from entering—the East Germans built more than 700 watchtowers, sprinkled more than a million antipersonnel mines, created a deep no-man's zone of barbed wire and electric fencing, and deployed nearly 50 guards per square mile with shoot-to-kill orders. Even so about 1,000 people each year somehow managed to find a way across.
Judging from my email inbox, there are some in the country who would favor a similar approach on the southwest border, but presumably this is not what is meant by the proponents of "border security first."
As he notes, it's a lot easier to keep people from leaving than from coming. I heard on NPR yesterday that the Border Patrol estimates that to meet the terms of Cornyn's amendment, it would have to go up in personnel from the current 20,000 to 60,000. So during sequestration, while national parks and scientific research grants and all kind of things are being cut deeply, we're going to triple the number of border agents? Cornyn's constituents may demand that, but I doubt very much the whole country does.
This means, in other words, that immigration reform that's supported in new polls this week by upwards of 70 percent of the people is being held hostage to the demands of white conservatives from states along the border (and to a lesser extent from everywhere). This is why Rubio is now against his own bill.
When she discovered the transgender world on the Internet, she had a flash of recognition. “I was reading through some symptoms, not really symptoms, but some of the attributes of it did click,” she recalled.
It took a few months, but one night, she crept into her mother's room and sat on the bed, crying. When she finally came out with what was bothering her, her mother's first impulse was to comfort her, holding her hand and saying: “It's O.K. It's O.K.”
But inside, Gail Boone was terrified. She had wondered if her son was gay, and that, she says, would have been easier to deal with than a child who wanted to be the opposite sex.
“There's this fear,” Ms. Boone said, “what is this going to do to my kid, what are people going to think, what are people going to think about me?”
Kat's father, Andrew, had moved out when she was in fifth grade, and it took a few months for Kat and her mother to find the courage to tell him. Gail Boone had a background in psychology, which helped her understand. Mr. Boone, an operation and project manager, had a harder time, but was brought around for the sake of his child.
He read books about being transgender and raked his memory for clues in Kat's early childhood, but could not find any. “Maybe she thinks this is the thing, and there's something else going on,” he remembered thinking. “How do we know?” He wished there were something scientific like a blood test that would give him 100 percent certainty.
Mr. Boone recalls going into “a zombie trance,” a period of mourning for the child he thought he knew. “I was really eating myself up because I couldn't help this overwhelming feeling as if my child had died,” he said. “But here was my child right in front of me.”
Taylor review into sustainability of 16,000 English churches says ventures such as Post Offices and toddler groups can help stem decline in visitors
England's churches must become vibrant hubs at the centre of communities, offering local people a range of activities and services beyond a place to worship, if they are to be sustainable, according to an independent review.
Churches are “heritage assets”, but their care, maintenance and repair represents an enormous task, according to the Taylor review of the sustainability of English churches and cathedrals.
The report urges congregations to involve more local people to use and care for churches, citing examples where “enterprising clergy, PCCs [parish councils] and volunteers have developed their churches into vibrant hubs at the centre of their wider communities”.
Malmesbury Abbey in Wiltshire hosts events and concerts, runs a cafe and playgroup and transforms into a skate park every February half-term, the report says.
St Leonard's in Yarpole, Herefordshire, can be hired for exercise classes and other events, and is creating a cafe, village shop and Post Office.
More than 200 churches have full or part-time shops, and more than 150 have Post Offices. According to a 2015 survey, 60% of churches held parent and toddler groups, and two-thirds host food banks.
The purpose of the review was to “consider how to ensure that the thousands of listed church buildings, many of which define our towns, cities and villages, are conserved for future generations”.
Three-quarters of the 16,000 C of E churches in England are listed. Nearly 45% of all grade-I listed buildings in England are parish churches.
The report says: “A common assumption, that [churches] are managed and maintained by well-resourced and endowed bodies, needs to be countered. In reality, for the majority of churches, the exact opposite is the case: local people bear the full responsibility for repair, maintenance and security.”
Declining congregations, a lack of expertise and scarcity of public money have inhibited the ability of local people to care for churches. Although the review panel considered all Church of England buildings “from the most magnificent cathedrals to the smallest parish churches … the need is greatest at the smaller end of the spectrum, amongst the buildings afforded the least attention and spending - parish churches.”
The report concludes that there is “no ‘one size fits all' solution; every church and community will be different and local considerations will be paramount. However, new and different uses for buildings may need to be considered and new income streams developed to sit alongside the longstanding function of the building as a place for Christian worship.
“When a church building is widely used for a variety of purposes, a much wider cross-section of its community has a sense of commitment to its survival.”
Bernard Taylor, who led the review, said: “Church buildings are an important and a much-loved part of our national heritage and form an integral part of our sense of identity and community. However, despite the hard work of many groups and volunteers around the country, they face complex problems of maintenance and repair, and are not always well used and supported.”
“Increased use and helping communities in their broadest form to see the value and potential of the local church is the key to the church building becoming more self-sustaining and ultimately ensuring its long term survival.”
The review's findings were welcomed by John Inge, the bishop of Worcester and the C of E's lead bishop on church and cathedral buildings. “Our 16,000 churches are the jewel in the crown of our built heritage. They exist, as they always have done, to serve their communities. This is seen through daily acts of worship, celebrations of the joys of life and commemorations of its sorrows.
“They are, though, not just places of worship for their communities: they are social hubs for people of all ages, spaces to offer hospitality and vital services to the vulnerable; churches increasingly are the glue in community life.”
Game Dev Tycoon is coming to Steam on August 29th
Back in May, thanks to many tens of thousands of players voting for us (thank you!), Game Dev Tycoon got the green light for a Steam release. We saw the Steam release as an opportunity to polish the game a little more and respond to player feedback.
In the past months we have gone over many details of the game and have updated it to make it more enjoyable. Some of the features of the updated version:
A longer story line, extending the playtime and adding new story elements as well as new platforms.
New artwork (by our original talented artists).
Ability to unlock multi-platform games.
Rebalanced topics and platforms to make choices more interesting and results more understandable.
Rebalanced review system to address sudden spikes in difficulty.
New game mechanics (Post-release game reports and company expertise) to provide more feedback to the player.
Small but often requested changes such as support for longer game names and ability to edit game name before release.
And much more: A full change log is available here.
Thanks to our players for the many many suggestions and ideas for additional features and tweaks. We read through hundreds of pages and worked through many of the ideas. Ultimately, and after a few prototypes of more drastic changes showed us that most ideas are probably better for a sequel, we settled on changes that enhance the current gameplay and make the game more enjoyable without drastically altering the game. Anyway, we certainly have lots of material for the sequel (Game Dev Tycoon 2 some time in the future is very likely but it won't be our next project). Back to the Steam release!
Availability
The new, updated version of Game Dev Tycoon will come to Steam August 29th (next week!). The updated game will be priced at $9.99 USD with a launch discount of –20%, bringing it down to just $7.99.
The Steam release is for PC and Mac platforms. A Linux version will likely follow soon. We will also update the Windows Store version of Game Dev Tycoon as well as the one available through our website. More information on the availability of these updates will follow.
Steam keys
As stated all along we aim to provide Steam keys to existing owners of the game and will announce details about availability and how to claim your key closer to the release date.
Next plans
Our next plans, beside the Linux release and updating our other distribution channels, is to release the first translated versions of Game Dev Tycoon. Thanks to our volunteer translators we are quickly approaching full translations for our first languages (Spanish and German seem to be first). Before we can release those, we will need to update the translations with the changes of the updated Game Dev Tycoon version. There is no ETA yet but we are optimistic.
–
Patrick
Greenheart Games
