SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS, Belgium -- Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says Max Verstappen reminds him of some F1's greatest drivers but fears the 18-year-old's aggressive style could lead to a big accident.
The Red Bull driver has incurred the wrath of his fellow drivers at the last three grands prix and has even been a subject on the agenda of a driver briefing after he was accused of moving under braking while defending from Kimi Raikkonen at the Hungarian Grand Prix. In Sunday's race at Spa-Francorchamps he angered both Ferrari drivers while battling for position but said he does not care what his rivals think.
Back in 2014 Wolff wanted to sign Verstappen to a Mercedes development driver contract, but was effectively outbid by Red Bull, which was able to offer him a full time race seat at Toro Rosso. The Mercedes boss says he still admires Verstappen, but worries that he could end up in a big accident in the future.
"He's maximum attack!" Wolff said."He's refreshing, for me. He's a young boy that I like a lot. He comes in here [to F1], no fear, no respect, puts the elbows out and it reminds me of the great ones.
"It reminds me of Lewis [Hamilton], it reminds me of Ayrton Senna and you can clearly see that some guys around here are starting to think twice how to overtake him. Until now all that has proven that he's on the right track.
"The FIA has not penalised it, the only thing that happened is he was given a hard time in some driver briefings, maybe next time he's going to have an even harder time in the next driver briefing. I just fear that it might end up in the wall heavily one day. As much as we like his [unpredictability] ... for me it's refreshing but it's dangerous."
Ferrari team boss Maurizio Arrivabene refused to apportion blame for the contact his drivers experienced with Verstappen at the first corner, but said he would talk about the incidents in the "proper place".
"I don't want to be involved in this kind of fight, accusing one or the other," he said on Sunday night. "The reality is that we had a very good start and an accident at the first corner and we were damaged for the rest of the race. This is the reality and if we have to talk we will talk in the proper place.
"The drivers have the driver briefing, [FIA race director] Charlie Whiting is there and we have another way to talk with the proper people if necessary."
Taylor Sheridan only has two writing credits to his name so far, but they happen to be the critically praised Sicario and Hell or High Water. Now the actor/writer makes his directorial début with Wind River starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Set on the Wind River Indian Reservation or as it's known as, the place where your will to live goes to die, US Wildlife Agent Cory Lambert (Renner) investigates the dead body of one of the residents found in the middle of the frozen woods. Expecting foul play was involved, they call for the assistance of FBI agent Jane Banner (Olsen). The Duo races to backtrack the victim's steps to find her killer in dire conditions.
One thing I have to give Sheridan credit for is that he has shown a great mind for dialogue. His ability to create an authentic modern western present the world that is rarely seen in today's Hollywood cinema. Working with directors Denis Villenueve and David Mackenzie on previous projects clearly inspired the visual direction of Sheridan. With this project, the scenery is much more simplistic for Rural Wyoming. One of the two things that drags down the film is Elizabeth Olsen. I couldn't help but feel she was miscast. Even though they presented her as being in over her head, I can't bring myself to believe that she was a seasoned enough FBI agent to handle this task in any capacity. Secondly, as well written as the setup of the film is, it really falls apart in the 3rd act when we discover the ‘whodunit' and the motivation behind the crime turns out to be a real letdown. Wind River is still a good movie that needs more polishing to be a great movie. One thing is for sure, Taylor Sheridan is the real deal and has quickly become one of the best screenwriters in Hollywood.
3/5
Don't Forget to Like, Follow This Blog at Society-Reviews.com, and follow on Twitter For Updates.
Advertisements
Exactly 10 years today we heard the "American Idiot" single for the first time. I remember driving to work that Tuesday morning patiently waiting for the premiere on a local radio station. It came on shortly before 8am just as I was getting in to work and I remember rushing inside the building so I could write up this post about it I remember first thinking the song felt repetitive, but I was beyond excited to finally hear a new Green Day song. It was one of the first new songs the band had released since 2001'sA few days before the premiere a short clip was posted on the official site and we heard the first two lines of lyrics.After it's debut the single would go on to to reach #1 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks, #5 on Mainstream Rock Tracks, and #61 on the Billboard Hot 100. A week in to its release saw the single hit #3 on iTunes. It was a successful release and a nice preview of the success that would come later when the full album and it's next single "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" would be released. The "American Idiot" single was eventually certified platinum for having over one million sales in the US.Here's the artwork for the single
Who would have thought thirty years ago we'd have 60Mbps Internet connections in our homes? Back when I started online, in the late 70s, the only way you got on the Internet was at major universities or research institutions, By the early 80s, a parallel online world began powered by 1981's Hayes Smartmodem. This was the world of online services such as AOL, Bulletin Board Systems (BBS)s, CompuServe, and Prodigy.
The Smartmodem, with It's blazingly fast 300 bits per second, made it just possible for people to connect to online services. You still, with rare exceptions, couldn't use the early modems to connect to the Internet.
There were no Internet Service Providers (ISP)s yet. The Web was still more than a decade away. The Internet you know and use every day dates back to 1991 and the Commercial Internet eXchange (CIX). Before CIX if you wanted to be online you had to have an account on one of the online services such as America Online (AOL), BIX, CompuServe, GEnie, Prodigy, or a BBS.
Read this Memory lane: Remembering the Compaq Portable In 1983 three former Texas Instruments executives launched the first IBM PC compatible computer that was the beginning of the mobile PC industry. The Compaq Portable demonstrated that mobile computers were the wave of the future. Read More
That may have been just as well. The pre-Web Internet was not user friendly.
What Internet users, like yours truly, thought of as user friendly: programs such as elm and pine for e-mail; gopher for information retrieval, and Archie for hunting down files, were only user-friendly by Unix programmer standards. Linux? It's still more than a decade away too.
What was user-friendly and available for a monthly rate were the online services.
Online services
From the 80s through the mid-90s, you had to use a dial-up modem to call up either a local number or more likely, an X.25 packet switched wide area network (WAN) connection to reach these services. This connection alone would cost anywhere from a buck an hour to a wallet-busting $30 an hour. The online service would also typically charge you a monthly fee plus an additional fee of $1 to $6 an hour.
So before you grumble about your cable or DSL Internet bill, remember it used to be much worse.
Besides being pricey, these services were slow as waiting for a utility repairman. For most of the online services' lifespan, users were thrilled to get 1,200 to 14.4 kilobits per second (Kbps). By 1994, when V.34 modems showed up with their "amazing" speed of 28.8Kbps, ISPs and the Web was finishing off the online services.
To make these services work at all, you almost always had to use ASCII-based interfaces. By today's standards, even the best online services' interfaces are hopelessly crude.
Behind those ugly interfaces there were familiar services, such as e-mail and instant messaging (IM), but they were far more limited. For example, unless you were an e-mail expert, you could only write to people on the same service. The same was true of IM.
A big selling point for online services in those days were their file libraries. In this golden age of freeware and shareware people would pick a service on the basis of their file library and how much it cost per hour to download them from the online service to your PC.
Then, as now, what really made online services go was that they enabled people to connect through online communities. Long before there was Facebook or Google+, people got together on the various services' online forums to talk about their favorite baseball teams, bands, or games. I made friendships on these services then that I still have today.
AOL
Remember when you couldn't open your mailbox without finding yet another AOL CD? It was annoying, but it worked. Thanks to those CDs, AOL became the most popular of the online services. At its peak, in the late '90s and early '00s, AOL had more than 30 million members.
AOL was also one of the first online services to embrace the Web. One of its big selling points in the '90s was that you could use it to get to the Internet. This enabled AOL to knock out the other online services who were much slower to realize that the coming of the Web changed everything.
Even without the net people used AOL for everything online. You talked to your friends on AOL Instant Messenger (AIM), you hung out in chat rooms, and, before eHarmony and Match.com appeared, you looked for your partner in the AOL personals.
For a brief while AOL was a real media power. It's Time Warner merger in 2000, for 350 billion, was one of the biggest mergers of all time. It also became one of the biggest business fiascoes of all time.
That was in no small part because once users saw the "real" Internet, its customers fled from AOL's already over-subscribed dial-up modems to the early ISPs.
AOL still lives today. It's tried, without much success, to reinvent itself as a publishing site with the purchase of Huffinton Post. While it's no longer an online service per se, it still offers dial-up access to the Internet and an old-style Internet portal.
BBS
With the rise of "relatively" cheap modems, it wasn't just big companies that set up online services. Individuals, starting with Ward Christensen and Randy Suess, in 1978 set up PC-based online services. Their Computerized Bulletin Board System (CBBS) set the pattern for home-made online services.
Their work was followed by thousands of other sites. Stewart Brand and Larry Brilliant founded the Whole Earth 'Lectronic Link (The Well) in 1985. Today, this prominent community site continues on as a web site.
Other sites, such as Gary Smith's (today Ignite Media's CIO) The Programmer's' Corner paved the way for programming sites such as DZone, Stack Overflow, and GitHub.
Without the Internet, the BBSes created their own networks, such as FidoNet, to store-and-forward e-mail and online forum messages between BBSes. This resembled the Internet's Unix-to-Unix Copy (UUCP). Like UUCP, FidoNet is still around but it's no longer commonly used.
BIX
BIX (Byte Information eXchange) was a text-based online service of Byte magazine. It was a bare-boned site and never had that many members.
What it did have though was technology features, news and discussions. It was the ancestor to today's technology news sites, including ZDNet.
CompuServe
CompuServe, also known as CompuServe Information Service (CIS or CI$), was the first major online service. Why CI$? Because between the hourly online service rates and the X.25 costs, you could burn $30 an hour on it. Been there, done that, paid the credit-card bill.
Despite the price-tag, CIS had millions of loyal users. Heck, I still know my CIS ID, 72441,464, after all these years.
What CompuServe had going for it were hundreds of very active online forums. Each forum included numerous online discussion areas and file download libraries. That's ordinary today. But back in its day, there was nothing to match it.
CIS began when its co-founder Jeff Wilkins bought a Digital Equipment Corp. PDP-10 minicomputer in 1969 for his father-in-law's insurance company. Of course, he didn't buy it to set up an online service. He bought it to run his business. But, with about 1MB of RAM, it was far too much computer for his company so he offered time-sharing services.
In 1979, shortly before being bought out by H&R Block, CompuServe started offering its online services to individuals. H&R Block, whose own minicomputers collected dust in the tax off-season, decided CIS was just what it needed to keep income coming between 1040s CIS brought in as much as 15% of the tax giant's revenue.
At the height of its popularity (the mid-'80s to mid-'90s), CompuServe was the "computer nerd's online service." As Roger Blackwell, a former Ohio State University marketing professor and a past CompuServe director, said at a 2011 CompuServe reunion, "All organizations have a culture. CompuServe had a cult. It was the Google of the '80s."
Competition from AOL, a failure to innovate, and the Web soon took CIS down. The online service side finally died in 2009. Today, a shadow of its former glory, CompuServe limps on as a portal site.
GEnie
GEnie (General Electric Network for Information Exchange), never came close to matching AOL or CIS. At most, it had several hundred thousand users. Like CIS, GEnie ran on computers -- General Electric mainframes instead of DEC minicomputers -- in the company's off-time.
What GEnie lacked in numbers it made up in quality "RoundTables." These online forums featured writers, such J. Michael Straczynski, the creator of Babylon 5.
What really kept GEnie in business was its games. The first massively multi-player online role-playing games (MMORPG) started on GEnie. World of Warcraft and Guild Wars got their start from now largely forgotten games such as GemStone, Dragon's Gate, and BattleTech.
It could have become a major gaming site, but GE never invested much in the service and was very slow to integrate it with the Internet. By the close of 1999, GEnie closed it doors.
Prodigy
Prodigy, which was created by IBM, Sears and CBS, wasn't meant to be an online service. It was meant to be an online shopping and news delivery service using television set-top boxes. When CBS dropped out, deciding it was a waste of money, IBM and Sears transformed it into an online service.
Known for its crayon-color graphics, many techies hated Prodigy. Not all did. ZDNet's own Jason Perlow met his wife on the service.
Most people liked it for its one-price service and news and magazine aggregation. That's nothing special now. Then, it was a big deal.
Prodigy, despite almost a million members, never made hardcore fans. Its management annoyed users with ever-changing pricing schemes. At one point they tried charging extra for e-mail and online chat. They also got a bad name for censorship. The silliest example was they banned the word "beaver" in zoology forums. In retaliation people use its Latin name, Castor canadensis
In 1996, Prodigy tried, and failed, to become a combination ISP and website. Today only bits and pieces of the service survive.
Yesterday and today
Looking back, the online services look hopelessly awkward and slow. Indeed, they were, but they pioneered today's websites.
True, the look and feel are quite different. But, I can't help but notice that online communities still feel the same, no matter what the interface, And, finally, that intra-personal communication, while far more sophisticated now, are what drew us to the online services of yesterday and they still bring it us to the Facebook, Twitter, and Google+ today.
Related Stories:
Young children just starting out at pre-school or reception class are always eager to be appreciated and encouraged. A great way for a teacher to reward a child for their achievements is to award a fun certificate that is themed to be appealing to children.
Handing out certificates to reward young children for their participation in a team sport day can give each child something memorable to take home with them to treasure and be proud of. It is never a good idea to ignore children's efforts at school, especially in their early days and weeks. By offering kids certificates to recognize their efforts and to reward good behavior in class will help to positively reinforce their experiences of school and can help to boost their self-confidence.
Everyone likes to be recognized for their efforts, so why not young children too? Certificates can be given out for a whole range of school-related subjects – not just academic ones, but also for recognizing individual achievements that a child has struggled to overcome. Using our fun and exciting range of kids certificates to reward your class can be a very positive thing to do.
The studio that created the classically popular point-and-click puzzle adventures, Myst and Riven, released their next sci-fi adventure puzzle game (what a mouthful) called Obduction last year for PC and Oculus Rift. Obduction then came to HTC Vive and got Oculus Touch support in March this year with the promise that the game will be coming to PSVR later this year as well.
Well, lucky for Playstation VR owners – the wait is finally over. Because Cyan's best-selling VR title, Obduction is finally coming to PSVR next month on August 29. The game will launch with a $29.99 price tag.
“It's been almost two decades since we created a product for console, and we couldn't be happier about our return to PlayStation. We've been working really hard to craft a special Obduction experience for both PS4 and PSVR, and we're so excited to get Obduction to our PlayStation fans,“ said Rand Miller, CEO of Cyan, Inc. in a statement.
If you haven't heard of Obduction before, it's a puzzle game with gameplay elements a lot like the studio's iconic Myst. In Obduction you're abducted (as the name gives away) and taken to a faraway alien planet with strange remnants and pieces of your home planet, Earth. It's up to you to traverse this wonderfully strange and breathtakingly beautiful landscape to figure out why you're here and how you can get back home.
Check out Obduction's new trailer below:
The entire game has been ported to the PSVR platform, which means you'll get the same experience that the Rift and Vive players got, but it also means no new features or content, unfortunately. However, some pre-orders do offer exclusive content like themes and avatars if you're into collecting those. If not then at least you still get to experience the whole game.
On a chill November day in 2010, a crowd of mourners gathered in Section 60 at Arlington National Cemetery, America's Valhalla. The highest-ranking U.S. military officer to lose a child in combat in the post-9/11 wars was there to bury his youngest son, 1st Lt. Robert Michael Kelly, killed in action in Afghanistan. Sitting at gravesite 9480 next to his son's wife, watching her accept the folded flag with the thanks of a grateful nation, hearing the report of the rifle salute and the sound of the bugler playing “Taps,” Gen. John Kelly was confronted with the same question that haunted the families of the more than 5,500 Americans killed in action in Iraq and Afghanistan. Was such unbearable sacrifice worth it?
At some point Kelly realized it was not for him to say. His son had already answered the question. “In his mind — and in his heart — he had decided somewhere between the day he was born at 2130, 5 September 1981 — and 0719, 9 November 2010 — that it was worth it to him to risk everything – even his own life — in the service of his country,” Kelly would later tell other Gold Star families. “So, in spite of the terrible emptiness that is in a corner of my heart and I now know will be there until I see him again, and the corners of the hearts of everyone who ever knew him, we are proud. So very proud.”
Ever since that day, John Kelly has striven to keep from politicizing his son's death or making too much of it based on his own stature. Just days later, he insisted that the loss of his son not be mentioned when he gave a moving speech commemorating two other Marines killed in combat. He has discouraged questions about his loss even as he rose from commander of U.S. Southern Command to the head of the Department of Homeland Security for the Trump administration and to White House chief of staff. When approached by the Washington Post for a profile in 2011, he revealed a source of his reticence in an email: “We are only one of the 5,500 American families who have suffered the loss of a child in this war. The death of my boy simply cannot be made to seem any more tragic than the others.”
Just as he has so often trampled the traditional boundaries of civil-military relations designed to cordon the U.S. military from Washington's hyperpartisan politics, President Trump this week thrust Kelly and his loss into the bright glare of controversy. Trump was asked by a reporter why he had been uncharacteristically silent for 12 days about the death of four U.S. Special Forces soldiers in Niger. During that time, Trump had tweeted incessantly about NFL players failing to stand during the national anthem. He had engaged in public feuds with the mayor of hurricane ravaged San Juan, Puerto Rico, and with Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker. In that stretch, Trump threatened the media for spreading “fake news,” and taunted the leader of North Korea. But no mention of the loss of four U.S. troops killed in a firefight with terrorists in Africa.
Replying to the reporter in typical counterpuncher mode, Trump attempted to elevate his own stature by denigrating others, falsely accusing his presidential predecessors of never or only rarely calling Gold Star families who lost loved ones. “If you look at President Obama and other presidents, most of them didn't make calls — a lot of them didn't make calls,” Trump said. “I like to call when it's appropriate, when I think I'm able to do it.”
When the predictable backlash erupted against those false claims, Trump characteristically doubled down. In an interview with Fox News radio on the controversy, Trump offered up his chief of staff as evidence that Obama didn't call families of fallen U.S. service members. “I think I've called every family of someone who died,” Trump said in a comment that was later disputed by a number of Gold Star families. “As for other representatives, I don't know. You could ask Gen. Kelly, did he get a call from Obama?”
In an extraordinary press conference on Thursday, Kelly confirmed that President Obama did not call after the death of his son. That was not a criticism, Kelly said, and indeed he initially advised Trump against calling the families of the four soldiers killed in Niger because there was little he could say to ease their pain. When Trump called the widow of Army Sgt. La David Johnson, one of the troops killed in Niger, he reportedly told the grieving Myeshia Johnson that her husband “knew what he signed up for … but when it happens, it hurts anyway.” That was the account given by Rep. Frederica Wilson, D-Fla., a family friend who was with Johnson during the call and called Trump's words insensitive.
African Development Bank Approves $324 Million For Renewable Energy Projects In Morocco & Côte d'Ivoire
December 12th, 2017 by Joshua S Hill
The African Development Bank announced this week that it has approved $324 million in loan support for two renewable energy projects in Morocco and Côte d'Ivoire that are expected to dramatically increase power supply in the African countries and keep their economic growth on track.
In line with the African Development Bank's “New Deal on Energy for Africa” — an aspirational partnership-driven effort aiming to provide universal access to energy across Africa by 2025 — the loans are also part of the Bank's top High 5 priority (see more below) on a continent that currently has at least 640 million with no access to energy. The two new renewable energy projects are a pair of solar power plants in North African country of Morocco, and a hydropower plant in the West African Republic of Côte d'Ivoire (known to some white speakers as the Ivory Coast).
The combined 800 megawatts (MW) of the NOORM I and NOORM II solar power plants in Morocco will account for $265 million of the Bank's loan, contributing to a total cost for the projects of €2.048 billion ($2.41 billion). Upon completion, the solar plants will be connected to the national grid and will provide electricity for the equivalent of over 2 million Moroccans, or around 6% of the population.
The 44 MW Singrobo-Ahouaty hydropower project in Côte d'Ivoire will benefit from the remaining $59 million to fund the design, construction, and operation on the Bandama River, the country's longest flowing river. The project will go a long way to meeting increasing energy demand which is expected to grow between 8 and 9% annually.
“These approvals demonstrate once again the Bank's leadership on renewable energy in Africa,” said Akinwumi Adesina, President of the African Development Bank. “These projects will be essential to achieving the countries' Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) under the Paris Agreement. I believe this sends a strong message ahead of the One Planet Summit on Climate [this week] in Paris.”
Already the investments made by the African Development Bank have this year contributed to 1.4 gigawatts (GW) worth of renewable energy generation capacity, covering a wide variety of projects, including:
Off-grid and mini-grid projects, such as the approval of the second phase of the Green Mini-Grid Market Development Program to address barriers to scaling-up of private sector mini-grids in Africa and the launch of the Off-grid Revolution by mobilizing funding, pushing for regulatory reform, achieving economies of scale, addressing currency risks and convening governments to provide incentives for off-grid.
Transmission and distribution projects including crucial regional interconnectors that are critical to evacuate power generated from renewable energy.
Investments in private equity and debt funds, such as the Facility for Energy Inclusion (FEI) for which the Bank approved a US$ 100 million anchor investment to close funding gaps in the small-scale energy infrastructure sector and catalyze growth in last-mile energy access solutions.
Project preparation support notably through the Bank's Sustainable Energy Fund for Africa (SEFA), which has approved 12 projects in 2017 that aim to bring additional 166 MW and leverage US$ 340 million.
Corbett Under Fire for Legal Brief Linking LGBT Couples with 12-Year-Olds
Written by Keegan Gibson, Managing Editor and Nick Field, Contributing Writer
Governor Tom Corbett is caught in the middle of an uproar over gay marriage thanks to a legal analogy used by his attorneys which seemed to compare LGBT couples to children.
In a legal brief filed to stop Montgomery County Register of Wills Bruce Hanes from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, the Governor's counsel equated the legal status of LGBT couples seeking to become involved in the case to that of 12-year-olds.
“Had the Clerk issued marriage licenses to twelve-year-olds in violation of state law, would anyone seriously contend that each twelve-year-old has a legally enforceable ‘interest' in his ‘license' and is entitled to a hearing on the validity of his ‘license,' else his due process rights be violated?” the brief stated. “Obviously not; there must be something of actual value or legitimacy at issue in order to rise to the level of a legally enforceable interest.”
—
Update: Corbett issued a statement calling the comparison inappropriate:
“The case involving Montgomery County revolves around a very basic question: Does a public official have the authority to disregard state law based on his own personal legal opinion about the constitutionality of a statute? The analogy chosen in the legal brief filed on August 28th is inappropriate.”
—
Essentially, the Governor's attorneys were saying that same-sex couples who had received the licenses have no standing to get involved in the case against Hanes.
In order to get involved in the case on Hanes' behalf, the couples must show that they would be directly affected by its outcome. But Corbett's attorneys argued that the licenses were issued against the law in the first place, they were at no point were legally binding. Thus, the outcome of the case couldn't affect them.
That's where the comparison to 12-year-olds comes in. Corbett's attorneys were not drawing an equivalent between the moral standing or inherent legitimacy of LGBT couples versus children. Rather, they were making the case that neither type of couple would have standing in the Hanes case.
But the attorneys chose a poor example, and the Pa. Democratic Party pounced.
“Yesterday, in a legal brief filed to defend Pennsylvania's discriminatory gay marriage law, Tom Corbett's office, led by his top lawyer, compared LGBT adults who have acquired marriage licenses to 12 year old children. This is beyond unacceptable and shows that the contempt Tom Corbett has for LGBT Pennsylvanians permeates his entire administration,” said Pennsylvania Democratic Party Chairman Jim Burn.
“The brief was written by Tom Corbett's top lawyer – James Schultz – and signed by two other top lawyers in the Corbett administration. They should be fired immediately.”
Ted Martin, the Executive Director of Equality Pennsylvania, also released a statement, although he seemed more disappointed and saddened than angry at the Governor.
“The statements made by the attorneys do not simply defend the laws of the state; they deny loving, committed same-sex couples the dignity they deserve. We're talking about couples who have been together for decades, who have built families together, who have given back to communities across Pennsylvania. We're not talking about children.”
Corbett's General Counsel fired back in a press release aimed as much at the press as it was at Pa. Democrats.
“Contrary to recent headlines, the administration does NOT equate same-sex marriage to the marriage of minors,” said Pennsylvania General Counsel James Schultz.
“In one passing reference, the legal brief notes other individuals whose marriages are excluded by Pennsylvania law, would have no standing to intervene in this type of case – and in any other circumstance the court would never entertain that type of effort to expand the scope of a case.”
Schultz turned his criticism to members the press, who he accused of distorting the legal brief to generate traffic.
“To distort the legal position of the commonwealth, either because of personal bias or as a gratuitous effort to draw a larger audience of readers or viewers is intellectually dishonest and disingenuous,” he blasted.
Legally, the Governor's Counsel is accurate. But rhetorically, they've ceded the high ground to Democrats. It's the latest fumble for an administration that has dealt awkwardly with contentious social issues.
The fallout validates, politically at least, the decision of Democratic Attorney General Kathleen Kane not to commit the resources of her office to charge Hanes or to defend the state's ban on same-sex marriages.
August 29th, 2013 | Posted in Front Page Stories, Governor, Harrisburg, Top Stories | 8 Comments
The Underreported Success of the Trump Presidency
Something is afoot. Even the circumspect Tucker Carlson has been warning how divided and close to losing it we are. The left is full of “passionate intensity” (a euphemism), while many of us on the right are lacking conviction to fight for good. However, there are a lot of positive moves coming from Washington, and it's important that we highlight them, since the media won't. We have a gifted group in power, they are doing what is necessary to allow us to hold. As conservatives, it's important to understand what their accomplishments are, how they are helping, and do what we can in support.
The underreported: While the Democrat/media complex tries to whip their base, and the country into a frenzy, this administration is putting good things in place. First and foremost for our culture is the restoration of law and order. That begins with giving the respect due to our law enforcement officials, which has been a hallmark of this administration. The outrageous demonization of law enforcement by the previous administration is gone. The ongoing praise of and cooperation with our police from Trump et al is not only refreshing, it's going to have a long term positive effect. Violent demonstrators are no longer being coddled (except in Berkeley), instead they are prosecuted. Eventually, they won't even get away with being lawless thugs in Berkeley. The existing border laws are being enforced. Illegal crossings are down 70%. ICE agents have been reenergized, rounding up criminals and deporting them. Bad guys are on notice. Drug trafficking will slow. MS-13 is being fought. This is just the beginning. The Attorney General is simply enforcing laws that exist. With Trump's resolve to control the borders, these border issues will get better, and become reasonably controlled. If this is successful, the nation will be able to take a deep breath. Genuine assimilation will have a chance to succeed. Having been a GOP poll watcher in a Democrat precinct, I have witnessed the Democrat drive to encourage vote fraud. Watching my Democrat counterpart demand that anyone be allowed to vote, regardless of identification, regardless of being on the precinct rolls, regardless of their legal status as citizens -- I knew this was a problem. Trump was laughed at when he claimed that Hillary's popular vote margin was due to vote fraud, yet having been up close and personal, I am certain that more than just a couple of percentage points of voter fraud has gone on many places for many years, including 2016. We now have an administration that intends to do something to ensure vote fraud is curtailed. A few may have complained before, but no member of the GOP has seriously challenged this crime. The new executive order, along with the new investigative commission is long overdue. It is certain they will allow states to clean up voter rolls, press for the common-sense demand that voters have proper ID, are US citizens, and vote only once. Other ways to ensure a true vote will be recommended and put in place. We can now be assured there will be less Democrat crime on this front; those who commit vote fraud will be fearful of real prosecution, and our precious franchise will see enhanced integrity. This is an important issue, far more so than discussed. It's a great move for our country and it will change elections. Another major push is for economic revitalization. The administration's proposed policies in this area are wonderful. The response of American business to the Trump administration is a good indicator. The undoing of so many bad regulations from prior administrations is one giant step, with more underway. The unleashing of our energy resources and businesses has been a major win. The first step in positive change to the failing Obamacare is a good sign. If health care legislation, and economic reforms pass, we will be on an economic trajectory that will be exciting, one that will repudiate the failings of Obama's policies, and we can be confident of another Reagan style recovery. In foreign relations, nothing has been a bigger surprise than Team Trump's many successes. In spite of the media perception of disarray, the Trump team has put together a burgeoning alliance in the Middle East, one that includes Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Egypt and others. This alliance will be key in dealing with the noxious mess left by the Obama/Clinton years. When Iran tries to flex its might, we will need the repair that the Trump team is working on. Likewise in Asia. The disaster left us by the feckless Clinton/Abright deal with North Korea is being navigated well. There is no easy fix to having been duped by a mad dictator into enabling his acquisititon of nuclear weapons. Democrats can take solace that most people don't know the degree of stupidity of their policies with North Korea, and don't yet grasp the elevl of peril. Trump's clear skill in negotiating and forming relations with China's premier was extraordinary. That China is helping us with the Korean mess, perhaps for the first time, is a testament to Trump's skills. All of this as a reminder that there is much to be praised since the Trump administration took office. The leftist media wants us to think all is horrible, every day being a constitutional crisis that will end the world, and it's all Trump's fault. Truth be known, it's the reverse. Trump's successes are finally beginning to overcome the awful years of the Obama/media collusion and their inept failures. Failures in virtually everything they did. These examples of unreported Trump team success are remarkable. The country is changing direction. In the face of almost total media opposition, the intransigence and destructive behavior of an entire political party, good things have been done, and better things are on the horizon. This is why we supported Trump, this is why we voted for him and still support his administration whole heartedly. America is reviving, be prepared to take part in this new American renaissance, because it's coming. Through the smog, haze, and ugliness of the Democrat/media complex, you can barely see it. Nonetheless, it's there; here it comes. Be encouraged
Tuesday the monthly Agile Tuesday took place, my first one. Thanks to Mario Gadet who invited me a long time ago and made sure I didn't forget about it. Already this put the bar quite high for me and I was quite nervous about it because I didn't expect the typical tech audience. And it all turned out different than expected :).
Refactoring hands-on
I talked a bit about refactoring. I tried to summarize the hows and whys for it in order to get to the doing, right after the talk. And I picked the beautiful Tennis kata to refactor some stuff where some interesting things evolved.
We did it mob-style. The mob, the entire audience, told me what to do. The only thing I did, was asking questions or trying to deal out who is next, when the amount of input came too fast. So I typed using WebStorm, which made some people be astonished about what is already possible with this IDE in combination with JavaScript. The tests ran automatically so we never left the green state for too long. Thanks to the crowd I got reminded a couple of times to do, what I had suggested in the talk before, use Ctrl+Z to undo changes.
And while at it we made a couple of interesting discoveries, let me share some with you.
The Evil of Native Constructs
A very interesting discussion spun off when we refactored the following switch
into this array
The valid arguments raised were that the explicitness of the `switch` gets lost in an implicit use of arrays, they are zero-indexed and therefore implicitly do the same as the switch, but it's not “visible” as well as in the code before. From there we started discussing how much the source code shall rely on language specific constructs. Shall a piece of domain knowledge, here is the mapping of 0 points to ‘Love' and 1 to ‘Fifteen' and so on, be hidden behind an implicit construct that actually does the same and allows for less code, but also reveals the intention less good?
Which raises a new question: what is the minimum level of language-specific knowledge required for the code to be maintainable, also by non-seniors? It's just a fact that there is a gap in knowledge between the original author, the team and/or the future maintainers of this code. Should therefore the code be written by using less “difficult” constructs? Maybe even prevent certain language constructs that might cause traps?
I doubt that this helps. Depending on the domain the code is written for the code has to adapt. If the mapping of 0 to ‘Love' and 1 to ‘Fifteen' are core concepts of the business domain we are in, make those concepts clear to the (future) maintainers by writing more explicit code.
Artificially reducing a programming language's feature set which sometimes just prevents that others have to learn new things, feels also very counter-productive and almost like trying to slow down evolution. A programmer just has to learn, constantly.
This led to an alternative construct we used, which makes the domain-level view more explicit. We write the relation between the numbers 0,1,2,3 and the according strings explicitly into the source code. We are not using a switch-case though.
The object-notation will be accessed just in the same way as the array above via `pointsMap[points]`. All participants have been really happy with this solution. So we all agreed to keep on moving forward from here.
Since JavaScript is an interpreted language the obligatory speed discussion came up. Is object creation and access not much slower compared to array creation and access? But that discussion stalled quickly, due to irrelevance. And I was happy about that, because if this is our hot path then we will find that out, but for now the better code has way more value.
Tie Scores
A little bit later we touched code that looked something like this:
The mapping is very much like the one we handled above, but has a little twist to it, which is the case for all values from 3 upwards. First thing the crowd decided to do is move the map out of the function.
Then we tried to reduce the actual function down to this.
The decision to remove the `if (points < 3)` was actually pretty easy. We said that this can be done implicitly by looking up if there is a value defined for the given number of points. Some people liked it some not. It is a very JavaScripty solution, but actually very common in JS land. Those are the kinds of discussion I love at non-JavaScript events, they always provide me with different views. It went a bit forth and back. The disadvantage of the latter solution is that you have to look up in two places to completely understand what the function does. You have to know what is defined in the `pointsMap` or you won't understand when the ‚Deuce‘ is returned. Another critique was that the string ‚Deuce‘ is in the function, but all other strings are in the map. Finally we tried something a bit unusual, we moved the `Deuce` string also into the map and changed the function to look like this:
And the crowd was happy, I mean really happy, it seemed.
Conclusion
The discussion about explicitness led us to use an object instead of an array. If this hadn't taken place we would never have seen the solution with the elegant `default` key in the object.
Doing all that in a mob-style fashion, which means discussing in the group and having one person execute the solution that had been agreed upon, is always again a fun experience and makes people engage and steer towards a good solution together, learning to accept opinions and find one (of the) the best solutions.
Can we help your project?
We love to discuss code and tests, build strategies and help to improve things. If you think this is something that should be done in your project/company/department please contact us! We are happily offering support and love to share our knowledge.
You can also find us at various events, we are always curious about learning new things and helping out if we can.
Sugar cubes image source
Dalhousie University is apologizing for a full monty performance that took place on campus Friday night.
It happened during a 50th anniversary for the department of health and human performance at University Club, a private facility for staff and faculty.
According to people who were there, two MCs of the event took to the stage and undressed to Def Leppard's Pour Some Sugar on Me.
"We certainly do apologize to anyone in attendance at the event who were offended," said Dalhousie spokesman Brian Leadbetter.
200 apology emails sent
Attendees said the two men, both faculty members, stripped down to a pair of flesh-coloured underwear.
There were about 200 people in the audience — all of them will get an email this week from the department's dean apologizing.
"We're certainly going to be connecting with those who were in attendance at the event as well as those who were MCing the event to get further information about what transpired," Leadbetter said.
'Respect standards of appropriate behavior'
Leadbetter said there have been a number of complaints about the performance, but he wouldn't say how many.
CBC News spoke with some people who attended the performance who said they were not offended and that it was all in good fun.
That's not the way the university sees it.
"We expect members of our community to respect standards of appropriate behavior," Leadbetter said. "And I believe [the dean] asked people who may have had concerns, or expressed concern about the event to contact her directly."
Let me begin this “review” by saying Catching Fire is my favorite movie so far this year. Maybe it's because I cannot subdue my Hunger Games inner-fangirl enough to give this film a completely objective review, or maybe it's because Catching Fire really is incredible. I think it's a little about the fangirl, and a lot about it being an amazing film. Either way, my normally spoiler-free reviews will not cut it this time.
Hardcore fans and first-time viewers alike will love the second film in The Hunger Games series. In fact, I would warn fellow hardcore fans to prepare yourself for absurd amounts of epicness. I'm not ashamed to admit I cried at least three times during the film because I was so overwhelmed. I hate to over-hype movies, but in some cases (like Catching Fire) it is much-deserved. So hold onto your mockingjay memorabilia and go see Catching Fire immediately, preferably in IMAX! Not only is the sound amazing, but Director Francis Lawrence (no relation to Jennifer) shot many of the scenes in the arena with an actual IMAX camera! It also wouldn't hurt to watch the first film to refresh your memory on all the goings-on in Panem.
With that said, we need to discuss the 25* the best moments from Catching Fire that caused me to have some pretty serious fangirl freakouts.
*Note: this list had to be cut down quite significantly to make it manageable. I could continue this list all day.
1) When the Lions Gate symbol appears signaling the movie is about to start. It's happening!!!
2) When the film opens on District 12 and shows Katniss hunting with the bow! Jennifer Lawrence is QUEEN.
3) When Gale appears and kisses Katniss… and every time he calls her Katnip.
4) When Katniss sasses President Snow because she is too awesome to put up with his bullshit!
5) When Effie appears in her first incredibly elaborate outfit.
6) When Caesar calls Katniss “The Girl On Fire” and I wanted to jump up and cheer from my seat.
7) When Peeta and Katniss kiss. We don't care if they are (at times) just doing it for appearances!
8) When Katniss says she's not good with making friends. Doesn't she know we all want to be her BFF?!
9) When everyone in District 11 makes the “District 12 sign” to show Katniss respect for what she did to help Rue.
10) When Katniss asks Peeta to sleep in the bed with her because she's having nightmares.
11) When Phillip Seymour Hoffman reveals himself as the perfect Plutarch!
12) When Peeta volunteers as tribute in place of Haymitch to be in the arena to protect Katniss. Our favorite couple is going back to the Games together!
13) When Finnick and his sugar cube grace us with their presence.
14) When Katniss is BOSS during the training sessions.
15) When Katniss' wedding dress lights on fire and turns into a Mockingjay. I almost didn't make it through this scene.
16) When Peeta tells everyone Katniss is pregnant as a last-ditch effort to try to save her.
17) When Jena Malone makes her grand entrance as Johanna– dropping f-bombs to the Capitol and stripping in the elevator.
18) When Katniss rises through the tube at the arena and we hear the “Let the 75th Hunger Games Begin. May the odds be ever in your favor. 5…4…3…2…1.”
19) When we breathe a sigh of relief that the CGI work on the baboons is so much better than the mutts in the first film.
20) When Peeta almost dies and has to get mouth to mouth from Finnick, while Katniss freaks out in the background. Although I knew he would live, I was freaking out too, Katniss!
21) When Wiress knows what's up with the arena and says “TICK TOCK” “TICK TOCK” “TICK TOCK” over and over and we are not as annoyed as Johanna.
22) When we realize the full extent of jabberjay torture.
23) When “the alliance” breaks up, but we know the other tributes have Katniss' back.
24) When Katniss uses her badass archery skills and breaks the force field with her arrow.
25) When Haymitch says “This is the revolution. You are the Mockingjay.” And District 13 is revealed.
Don't judge me for this super fangirl post… or Jennifer will be coming for you.
Catching Fire Trailer
Police say a Salem woman broke her leg after falling three stories down the trash chute of her apartment building early Monday morning.
The incident happened just after 5 a.m. at the Loring Towers apartment complex in Salem, according to police. When officers arrived at the scene, they were met by an emotional 19-year-old, according to the police report.
“He was hysterical and he kept saying you have to help me, you have to help me,” wrote Officer Michael Dunn in the report.
The man told police the 38-year-old woman was trying to help him retrieve his keys down the chute, the report said.
Advertisement
The man said he had accidentally dropped his keys down the chute with his trash, the report said. The man then offered the woman, a neighbor he knew, $20 to help him get the keys back and she agreed, the report said. Police say the man lowered the woman into the chute by her feet. When that didn't work, he tied a sheet around her and lowered her into the chute again, say police. The sheet then ripped and the woman fell three stories into the trash compactor, the report said.
Police said the compactor turned on when the woman fell in, breaking her leg.
“Her leg was badly twisted in the wrong direction,” according to the report.
She was taken to Massachusetts General Hospital for treatment.
Police said no charges have been filed.
Plane crashes into Lake Travis; all 3 on board safe Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved A Travis County Lake Patrol unit floats near a submerged plane after it crashed into Lake Travis on Saturday, July 22, 2017. (Photo courtesy: Will Howes) [ + - ] Video
LAKE TRAVIS, Texas (KXAN) – Three people were rescued by deputies with the Travis County Sheriff's Office Lake Patrol when the plane they were in crashed into Lake Travis near Starnes Island Saturday evening, said Travis County Sheriff's Office spokesperson Kristen Dark.
It happened at about 5:34 p.m. near the island located just southwest of Volente Beach, said Austin-Travis County EMS.
The TCSO Lake Patrol arrived quickly to the scene and safely removed all three passengers from the single-engine Cessna float plane. Dark said the plane did not sink, but was upside down and was being towed to shore.
It wasn't the scene Tony Dorsett was expecting when he came to the lake for the day. "But they have it cordoned off, nothing seems to be leaking," he said, "so everything looks okay."
"We just looked out and happened to see a bunch of emergency vehicles and realized that it was a plane that had crashed," Nick Kavanaugh, an employee at nearby U-Flote-M convenience store, said.
Department of Public Safety Trooper Richard Lomas said the pilot of the plane took off with two passengers for a short tour of Austin. The engine lost power and the pilot tried to land again immediately.
He swerved to miss a boat on the landing and the plane flipped, Lomas said.
"There were actually a lot of boats out today, Kavanaugh said, "so luckily nobody got hurt."
Of the three people rescued, Lomas said, the two passengers were taken to the hospital. Lake Travis Fire Rescue said only one of them was treated for breathing in some water, the other just went along to the hospital. The pilot was treated at the lake.
"Everybody was safe," Dorsett said. "That was the best part."
The plane remained upside-down in the water overnight Saturday. Lomas said it was to preserve the damage for the FAA investigation without causing more by flipping it and pulling it out of the water.
The FAA, which considers the damage to be substantial, planned to inspect the plane Monday.
A plane also crashed into Lake Travis earlier this month. Only a pilot was on that plane, and he escaped without injuries.
Express News Service By
Maharashtra is ready to release water to Bhima river to solve the drinking water crisis in Gulbarga city, Afzalpur and Jewargi taluks, but it wants the State government to adopt a give-and-take policy in this respect, Union Minister of State for Labour Mallikarjun Kharge said.
Speaking to reporters, Kharge said he has discussed the matter with Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Union Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar.
Chavan and Pawar said Maharashtra's Solapur city is facing acute drinking water problem. Karnataka should provide water to Solapur by releasing Krishna water through Narayanpur dam and in reciprocation, Maharashtra would release water to Bhima river.
“Maharashtra government has said that it will release water (to Bhima river) only after it receives Krishna river water from Narayanpur dam,” Kharge stated.
The problem is that Karnataka can release water from Narayanpur dam, but it cannot ensure that it will reach Solapur as the farmers along the way will draw water through pumpsets to their fields, Kharge said. “Still, we will exert pressure on Maharastra to release water to Bhima river,” he said.
Meanwhile, MLC Allamaprabhu Patil has written a letter to CM Siddaramaiah to hold talks with his Maharashtra counterpart and prevail upon him to release water to Bhima river as the people of Gulbarga city, Afzalpur and Jewargi taluks are facing drinking water problem.
A COUPLE OF GARRY SHANDLING MEMORIES
I was lucky enough to be on two episodes of The Larry Sanders Show. I remember filming a take then Garry walked over. He had a performance note for me. He didn't preface it with “this is what I want you to do.“ He prefaced it with “only try this if you think it's funny.” I was floored. I barely had any acting experience and couldn't believe he trusted me that much. I realized this is what made him the real deal.
Sometime after filming the episodes I planned a trip back to LA. I think Sarah Silverman told him I was coming. Before I left there was a message on my answering machine: “Todd, it's Garry Shandling. I heard you were coming to LA. Want to stop by the set? I think you should.”
So I went to Garry's office and hung out for hours. I told him about my girlfriend at the time. After rattling off a list of her good qualities, he said “she sounds great.”
There was pause.
“Do you want to call her?' I asked.
He smiled. “I was just about to ask.”
I laughed, gave him her number, then watched Garry Shandling call my girlfriend.
The U.S. saw 135 police officers die in the line of duty in 2016, which is the highest number of fatalities on the job in five years, according to a new analysis.
Nearly half of those who were killed while working this year were fatally shot, including 21 police officers who died in different ambush-style attacks carried out across the country, the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund said Thursday.
“We must never forget that 900,000 law enforcement officers nationwide risk their lives every day for our safety and protection,” Craig Floyd, the memorial fund's president and CEO, said in a statement. “This year, 135 of those men and women did not make it home to their families at the end of their shift.”
Other law enforcement officers lost their lives in traffic-related incidents and from suffering heart attacks on the job, the group's preliminary data shows.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The latest national figure is the highest since 2011 when 177 officers were killed, but it is still under the average annual total of 151 fatalities within the past decade. It also doesn't come close to 1930, the deadliest year on record for U.S. law enforcement when 307 officers were killed in the line of duty, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund.
The rise in deaths of on-duty police officers follow racial tensions that stem from several high-profile fatal police shootings of unarmed black men. Law enforcement officers have killed at least 1,058 people this year, according to the Guardian.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
This Sunday on Once Upon a Time (ABC, 8/7c), Regina pays a surprise visit to an adversary and makes a not-so-veiled threat — and TVLine has a first look at the intense encounter.
RELATED | ABC Sets Finale Dates for Once Upon a Time, a Supersized Revenge and Others
As gleaned at the end of last week's episode, Greg Mendel — the stranger who literally skidded into town (mowing down Hook in the process) — is actually a grown-up Owen Flynn, the lad we met in the flashbacks to 1983.
When Regina makes that connection herself, it calls for an impromptu appearance at his hotel room — and no, she isn't there to deliver fresh linens. Rather, a very frank conversation about their past connection ensues, raising among other questions in Greg's mind: How has madame mayor not aged a day in 30 years? (Answer: juice cleanse!)
RELATED | TVLine's 2013 Renewal Scorecard: What's Coming Back? What's Getting Cancelled?
Press PLAY to see how their tête-à-tête goes from there. Want more scoop on Once, or for any other show? Email mattmtvguy@gmail.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
Loading video...
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 20, 2017, 5:20 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 20, 2017, 9:22 PM GMT By Ali Vitali
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump applauded Republicans for passing a sweeping tax bill Wednesday, convening lawmakers to take a victory lap on the White House lawn after touting it as a "historic" achievement.
The president praised top Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for their hard work on the legislation that had been years in the making.
"It's always a lot of fun when you win," Trump said, all smiles for the outdoor celebration. He later remarked upon the magnitude of the day, saying he didn't know if the group would have bigger moments than this, "but we'll try."
Trump presided over the event, yielding the podium with fellow Republicans so they could share the "glamour and the glory" of the moment and even making jokes with conservatives who had been integral in the bill's process.
At one point, he described the group as "warriors together" as they worked the bill through the process. In another moment, during a shout out for the work done by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, Trump talked about the Louisiana lawmaker's tough year — a reference to him being shot during a congressional baseball practice this summer. "It's a hell of a way to lose weight, Steve," Trump quipped.
The lawmakers, in turn, heaped praise on the president, who marked his first major legislative achievement by complimenting his leadership and offering assurances that this was just the beginning of accomplishing the Republican agenda. Senator Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, told the president that he's "living up to everything I thought you would" and described him as "one heck of a leader."
While Trump had teased a press conference on Twitter if the tax bill passed, he took no questions from the press, who were seated a lengthy distance from the stage.
During a cabinet meeting Wednesday morning, Trump called the bill a "historic victory for the American people" and said it would be an "incredible Christmas gifts for hardworking Americans." He also touted the lower corporate tax rate that he says will keep businesses in the country.
"That's probably the biggest factor in our plan," he said.
Trump also got in a grumble about Democrats, who did not vote for the measure.
"Unfortunately, the Democrats don't like to see tax cutting; they like to see tax increases," Trump said, saying the party's members "complain a lot" but "don't get it done, unfortunately."
A senior administration official later told reporters that the White House "did make a sincere effort to try to win" over potentially persuadable Democrats, like Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va. This official attributed the bill's ultimate lack of bipartisan appeal to politics, more than policy.
Democrats opposed the bill as a boon to the wealthy while offering little for the middle class, with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., calling it "the worst bill to ever come to the floor of the House."
Trump, who mostly focused his remarks on how the bill achieved long-held Republican goals and allow jobs to "start pouring into the country" as a result, also trumpeted the repeal of the individual health care mandate, a key component of Obamacare, which was tucked inside the legislation.
“We have essentially repealed Obamacare,” Trump claimed, though previous attempts to fully repeal and replace former President Barack Obama's cornerstone health care legislation failed repeatedly on Capitol Hill earlier this year.
Vice President Mike Pence offered congratulations to the president for what he called a year of work that restored American credibility on the world stage, while delivering on a "middle class miracle" back home.
Trump has previously said the tax bill would cost him "a fortune," but an NBC News analysis of an earlier draft shows he and his family could save more than $1 billion. Asked about this Wednesday, Trump ignored the question.
The president trumpeted the legislation on Twitter Wednesday morning, calling the tax cuts "so large and so meaningful," promising more "Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!" to follow.
Trump's celebration of the tax bill's success will be a full day affair on Wednesday. The president will entertain Republicans from the House and Senate to fête the bill's passage at the White House, though he will not sign the bill at that time.
Donald Trump's mounting reversals, failures and betrayals make it increasingly clear that he is a fake and a fraud.
For many of us, this is affirmative reinforcement; for others, it is devastating revelation.
But it is those who believed — and cast supportive ballots — who should feel most cheated and also most contrite. You placed your faith in a phony. His promises are crashing to earth like a fleet of paper airplanes.
He oversold what he could deliver because he had no idea what would be required to deliver it, nor did he care. He told you what you wanted to hear so that he could get what he wanted to have. He played you for fools.
That wall will not be paid for by Mexico, if in fact it is ever built. If it is built, it will likely look nothing like what Trump said it would look like. His repeal and replace of Obamacare flopped. That failure endangers his ability to deliver on major tax reform and massive infrastructure spending. China is no longer in danger of being labeled a currency manipulator. The administration is now sending signals that ripping up the Iran nuclear deal isn't a sure bet.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has saved Christmas for Liverpool's players.
The Reds boss found out that his squad had cancelled their Christmas party for the third successive year because of their busy fixture schedule.
However the German didn't want Anfield's stars to miss out on the festive fun so he has invited them and their partners to join him on a special Christmas lunch usually reserved for the manager and his coaching staff.
A club insider told the Sunday Mirror: “The players decided that they would have to cancel their Christmas party for the third season in a row because of the schedule.
“They usually postpone it until the New Year – but we have a minimum of seven games in January, so that idea was also abandoned.
“Jurgen heard one of the players saying he had never been to a Christmas party in March before – and he decided he didn't want them missing out.
“The manager of ­Liverpool traditionally hosts a lunch for his backroom team and the club's staff.
“Jurgen was insistent that this time the players should be invited – along with their wives and partners.
“It's only a small gesture, but it is one that has really been appreciated by the players and their families.”
Liverpool's players will now join Klopp for the turkey dinner with all the trimmings at a restaurant in Southport on one of the days following the trip to Watford on December 20.
Klopp is accustomed to spending Christmas with his family because the Bundesliga has a winter break.
But he has previous form for getting his players into the spirit of things.
Last year, with his Borussia Dortmund team just a point off the bottom of the table, he threw a party for his players .
Dortmund's last game before the winter break was a 2-1 defeat at Werder Bremen – their 10th loss in 17 games.
But when the players switched on their mobile phones on the coach journey home, there was a message from their coach inviting them all to a party.
“Don't think for a second this is optional,” read the message. “Everyone comes, no exceptions.”
On their return, Klopp's men were buoyant and embarked on a run that lifted them to a seventh-place finish.
Bitcoin Classic is an alternative implementation of the Bitcoin protocol that would cause a hard fork of the blockchain in order to increase the block size limit to 2 MB. The hard fork would be activated after 750 of the last 1000 mined blocks announced their support for the change via coinbase transactions.
Bitcoin Classic Developer Gavin Andresen recently wrote a blog post regarding the safety of a hard fork with 75 percent support from the network hashrate. In his view, there are major incentives for all miners and economic participants to join the larger fork after (or even before) a split happens. In another blog post, Andresen stated his support for the 75 percent threshold is due to his unwillingness to allow a large mining pool to veto a potential change to Bitcoin's consensus rules.
Bitcoin Core Contributor Peter Todd does not agree with Andresen's views. In a recent interview on The Bitcoin Game, Todd discussed a variety of possible issues with a hard fork activated via support from 75 percent of network hashing power.
No One Knows What Will Happen
In Peter Todd's view, the first problem with a 75 percent hard fork activation threshold is that no one really knows what would happen once the fork was initiated. He stated, “I think the problem is we don't know.”
Todd then mentioned a thread on the Bitcoin development mailing list in which Chaincode Labs Co-Founder and Bitcoin Core Developer Alex Morcos called out Gavin Andresen for being overly optimistic about the chances of success for the Bitcoin Classic fork. Morcos wrote:
“In truth, no one has any idea what would happen if the proposed Classic hard fork activated with 75% right now. There is some chance you are right, but there is a very legitimate possibility that a concerted effort would arise to maintain a minority fork or perhaps if miners don't see nearly a complete switch over, many of them might themselves reverse the fork if they think it would be easier to achieve consensus that way. We as a community have never been in such a situation before and it behooves us to speak honestly and directly about the uncertainty of the situation.”
Peter Todd is uncomfortable with unknown risks when there is so much of other people's money on the line. He noted, “When you're working with billions of dollars, you don't take risks lightly.”
Todd continued, “I think Gavin is willing to take much bigger risks than most people.”
One of the key arguments often made by supporters of the Bitcoin Core roadmap in regards to not knowing what will happen when a contentious hard fork activates is that the economic majority controls the Bitcoin network, not miners. Additionally, 75 percent support from the network's total hashing power does not necessarily equate to 75 percent support from bitcoin holders, which means the economic participants have the power to effectively reject a hard fork after it has been activated by the miners.
Hard Fork Attacks from Miners
Peter Todd also pointed out a potential flaw in Bitcoin Classic's specific implementation of a hard fork activation. He described a situation where a miner or mining pool who is against the hard fork may broadcast their support for the change and then remove their support after the 28-day countdown to activation begins. This means the hard fork would essentially be put in motion with a lower percentage of support from the hashing power on the network. Todd claimed other miners may get cold feet and revert back to Bitcoin Core as a result of the confusion.
Another issue Todd has brought up on the Bitcoin development mailing list in the past is “Not Bitcoin Classic” nodes. This controversial strategy of fighting against a potential hard fork first came about in the summer of 2015 in response to the release of Bitcoin XT. The idea is to essentially fake support for Bitcoin Classic without having any intention of supporting the possible hard fork once it has been activated by the 75 percent threshold. This has the potential to cause turmoil, a premature hard fork, or both.
Disenfranchising Bitcoin Users
In response to Gavin Andresen's claim that a 95 percent or higher activation threshold would allow a single miner or mining pool to veto a change to Bitcoin's consensus rules, Peter Todd pointed out that a 75 percent activation threshold disenfranchises 25 percent of the network. He explained:
“If you're willing to go through with something like this, even though we have a quarter of the hashing power disagreeing with you, you're disenfranchising a lot of people. You're telling a lot of people, ‘We don't care about your thoughts. We're not going to try to compromise with you. We're just going to go ahead with this.' In a system that needs consensus, that's a pretty dangerous thing to be doing.”
Todd pointed to the recent letter from the Bitcoin Roundtable as evidence that there are plenty of people out there who do not wish to see a move to Bitcoin Classic as the reference implementation of the Bitcoin protocol. He added, “Right there, that's enough to say this Bitcoin Classic plan is probably not going to happen that way.”
Peter Todd also mentioned a proof-of-stake vote on Bitcoinocracy.com where holders of just under $12 million worth of bitcoin have signed a statement claiming a belief that large holders of bitcoin will crash the price if a non-Bitcoin Core implementation of the Bitcoin protocol activates a hard fork. More liquidity is likely needed on the shareholder-voting-esque website before any serious conclusions can be made from it.
A 95 Percent Threshold
Throughout his interview, Peter Todd made it clear that one of his main issues with Bitcoin Classic is the 75 percent threshold rather than the increase to a 2 MB block size limit. Todd explained his preference for a much higher activation threshold for a hard fork:
“Why don't you just release it with a higher threshold? I may not necessarily agree with what the change is, but if we, for instance, had 99 percent of hashing power agreeing to a hard fork, what happens to the 1 percent chain? 1 percent hashing power basically means you get a confirmation every sixteen hours or so. That's not a viable chain.”
If there is to be a hard fork of the Bitcoin blockchain, Todd would like to conduct the fork in the safest manner possible. He concluded:
Could you walk into a room, take a sniff, and blindly identify the strain of cannabis burning? Or based solely on a drag off a pipe, joint, or vaporizer, could you describe in detail what you taste? What's the flavor that lingers on your tongue and on your palate (the “roof” of your mouth), in your nostrils and lungs? Does it taste of toasted oak or black tea? Does it burn smoothly or sporadically? Where do these variations come from?
The answers to those questions tell the story of terroir — where the plant was grown, who grew it, how and when it was grown, and even to a certain extent why.
What Is Cannabis Terroir?
Let's start with where the word “terroir” (pronounced “tear-wahr”) originally came from. It derives from Renaissance French, roughly translating as “land” or “territory.” The concept has been key to wine for decades and is now starting to cross over to cannabis.
For many centuries, French farmers have framed and explained their relationship to the land, be it sensual or practical. Agriculturalist Olivier de Serres wrote in his 17th-century treatise Le théâtre d'agriculture et des mesnage des champs that “the fundamental task in agriculture is to understand the nature of the terroir, whether it is the land of your ancestors or land recently acquired.”
The term was brought into wider usage around the mid-20th century, when French wine producers became concerned about the future of their wine industry (similar to what's happening today in the booming cannabis business). Wine production in the New World, particularly in California, was taking off and increasing competition. So, to bolster the cachet of their wine, those clever Frenchies marketed the idea that the very land itself — the terroir — was special.
That's a matter of taste, of course. Still, it's undeniable that terroir as a concept helps connect us to the place where wine (or cannabis) is made, leading to a greater appreciation of the product. Pinot noir made in Oregon tastes distinctly different than the same grapes grown and vinified in Burgundy. By the same logic, cannabis grown and processed in Humboldt County, California, by someone who has been crafting cannabis there for many years, should produce a distinctive sensory experience, different from the same strain grown elsewhere by less-experienced growers.
Terroir is heady stuff, and there's some debate over whether the concept should even be applied to cannabis — you don't often hear brewers waxing poetically about the whys and wherefores of their beers, after all. But I personally think the idea has merit, especially if it makes folks take heed of their weed and where it came from.
What Factors Influence the Terroir of Cannabis?
Historically, the terroir of cannabis traces back more than 10,000 years to Asia and China, where the first naturally occurring cannabis plants were cultivated and farmed for medicinal (marijuana) and industrial (hemp) purposes. Over time, cannabis has spread around the world, thanks in great measure to its adaptability.
The plant thrives in a diverse range of environments, from the tropics of South America and redwood forests of Northern California to the inland coastal valleys of Alaska and rainforests of Oregon. Just as there are many different varieties of grapes, there are as many (if not many more) cannabis strains that have been developed around the world. Each strain has become very well adapted to specific regions — from Afghanistan to Mexico, Hawaii to Jamaica — and expresses its true essence when grown there. A variety of cannabis that has adapted to the local environment of a geographic location is referred to as a “landrace,” which comes close in translation to wine's definition of terroir.
Regardless of where a strain was developed, terroir also refers to the complete natural environment in which a grapevine or pot plant grows — the soil type, climate, temperature, sunlight, moisture, microbial life, and more. All of these environmental factors factors contribute to the character — including the appearance, aroma, flavor, taste, and texture — of the final product.
Furthermore, as grapes must be processed and aged to become wine, so must the cannabis plant be processed and cured to become the dried flower we're accustomed to purchasing. Properly aged and cured cannabis tastes better than wet-trimmed, flash-dried bud, just like a well-aged wine can be more complex than a new wine. A grower's choices in how he or she ages and cures his or her flower can highlight or mute certain elements of terroir initially derived from the soil, climate, and more.
How Do Growers Impart Character to Cannabis Through Terroir?
Cannabis plants are much hardier than grapevines, and indoor cultivation can be done with such scientific accuracy as to eliminate “vintage variation,” a common concern in wine connoisseurship. With pinot noir, for example, terroir plays a crucial role: in good years, the growing season must be cool enough to produce the perfect balance of acidity and sugars in the grapes in order to produce a wine of superior quality. Compared to vineyards, most indoor cannabis farms have almost complete control over soil, light, temperature, and humidity. Therefore, cannabis that is cultivated outdoors, in the natural soil and according to the elements and growing season, could be said to have much more terroir in the traditional wine sense.
Imagine, for instance, taking a trip to northern California to tour the Emerald Triangle, the largest cannabis-producing region in the United States. Rumors are that 18-foot-tall plants and rare, hard-to-come-by strains are grown here. Signs direct you to mom-and-pop cannabis floweries, tucked back in the rolling hills. You head to one you read about on Leafly. Supposedly it's been operating and developing “estate” flowers for 70 years, even during Prohibition.
This level of cannabis connoisseurship is not a new thing, but the ability to curate a collection of strains, like a library of wine, is more possible now since the legalization of recreational cannabis in some states. In Oregon, more than 700 licenses have been granted to grow cannabis in the past year alone — that's more than there are wineries in the state (676), a number that has taken 40 years to get to its current mark. That said, many of these growers are entrepreneurs who have never cultivated an agricultural crop before — in other words, they utterly lack an understanding of terroir. In the mind of the consumer, this should raise concerns about the methods by which the cannabis is grown (if you think all cannabis is created kindly and organically, think again), or at least lead the buyer to question whether the caliber of the product is as high as it would have been under other circumstances.
Cannabis is an incredibly willing and able plant to perform in whichever conditions a grower wants to give it, and the final product depends to a great extent on how these environmental and experiential factors are manipulated and controlled. To truly understand and isolate the things you love about your favorite strains is to understand terroir — not just the place where the cannabis was grown, but also who grew it, and how.
The Defense Department on Sunday released the name of the soldier who died this weekend in a non-combat-related incident in Jordan.
Spc. Isiah Booker, of Cibolo, Texas, died Saturday. He was assigned to 2nd Battalion, 5th Special Forces Group, Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
Booker, who was deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, was killed while operating construction equipment.
The incident is under investigation, and no further details were released Sunday.
The U.S. military typically maintains about 2,000 U.S. forces on the ground in Jordan to support training with the Jordanian military and operations against the Islamic State in neighboring Iraq and Syria.
According to the Congressional Research Service, U.S. assets there include a contingent of U.S. Air Force F-16s and a Patriot missile battery near Jordan's northern border with Syria.
You don't have to be a Founding Father to crave this creamy, cheesy comfort food. In this video, you'll learn how to make classic Thomas Jefferson-style macaroni and cheese. You'll also discover exactly what “Thomas Jefferson-style” means. You'll start by making a simple roux with butter and flour. From there, you'll build on the roux, adding herbs and spices, and cold milk—and learn how to avoid getting lumps in your mix. Then it's time for grated nutmeg, Worcestershire sauce, and three kinds of cheeses—with a bit of Dijon mustard stirred in at the end. Follow along with Chef John's recipe for Macaroni and Cheese. You can easily alter this recipe to your personal tastes by adjusting the amount of pasta you use. Finally, Chef John will reveal the secret to a perfectly crisp, caramelized macaroni and cheese crust.
An international team of astronomers has identified a record breaking brown dwarf (a star too small for nuclear fusion) with the ‘purest' composition and the highest mass yet known. The object, known as SDSS J0104+1535, is a member of the so-called halo – the outermost reaches – of our Galaxy, made up of the most ancient stars. The scientists report the discovery in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
Brown dwarfs are intermediate between planets and fully-fledged stars. Their mass is too small for full nuclear fusion of hydrogen to helium (with a consequent release of energy) to take place, but they are usually significantly more massive than planets.
Located 750 light years away in the constellation of Pisces, SDSS J0104+1535 is made of gas that is around 250 times purer than the Sun, so consists of more than 99.99% hydrogen and helium. Estimated to have formed about 10 billion years ago, measurements also suggest it has a mass equivalent to 90 times that of Jupiter, making it the most massive brown dwarf found to date.
It was previously not known if brown dwarfs could form from such primordial gas, and the discovery points the way to a larger undiscovered population of extremely pure brown dwarfs from our Galaxy's ancient past.
The research team was led by Dr ZengHua Zhang of the Institute of Astrophysics in the Canary Islands. He said: “We really didn't expect to see brown dwarfs that are this pure. Having found one though often suggests a much larger hitherto undiscovered population – I'd be very surprised if there aren't many more similar objects out there waiting to be found.”
SDSS J0104+1535 has been classified as an L type ultra-subdwarf using its optical and near-infrared spectrum, measured using the European Southern Observatory's “Very Large Telescope” (VLT). This classification was based on a scheme very recently established by Dr Zhang.
New York Comicon has come and gone this past weekend, and what an experience it was. If you ever get a chance to go to a Comicon I highly recommend it. This was my first, and I only went because I live in NYC and a few authors I wanted to meet were supposedly going. What I did not know is that the publishers of the fantasy and science fiction world turn out in force, with an army of famous writers under their wings. Authors are my heroes. The books I read when I was younger were a large force in shaping who I am today, and I have undying respect for their creators. As such it was a little daunting to realize I was going to meet so many of them at once. However, my fears were baseless and it was a tremendously fun experience. I met more than 20 famous authors; sometimes just having casual conversation, sometimes getting books signed, and sometimes squealing with glee. However, for me New York Comicon was also a deeply thoughtful time, where I realized with renewed fervor why I love authors and reading. Authors are celebrities, heroes, and great people. Every single interaction with every author I met was positive, but I want to highlight two to give you an idea of what I am talking about.
First let me tell you about Seth Dickinson, author of the brand new The Traitor Baru Cormorant. If you somehow have not heard about this book yet, know that it is being widely regarded as a masterpiece and that Seth is one of the newest great talents in fantasy. While I have not had a spare moment to buy and read the book myself yet, I was frothing at the mouth with excitement at a chance to meet him and talk. Unfortunately for me Seth was at NYCC on a day I wasn't, so my chances seemed very low. That was until I ended up next to him in a line at the Tor booth waiting to
get a signed copy of Radiance by Catherynne M. Valente. As I mentally rallied myself to talk to him, Sam Sykes (author of City Stained Red and other great books) walked up to us and began one of the most endearing conversations I have ever witnessed in my entire life. It went something like this:
Sam: … Seth, what are you doing?
Seth: What, I am waiting in line to get Catherynne's autograph! Why is that weird?
Sam: Seth, you are a Tor author, she is literally your coworker. You don't need to wait in this line, go to the front.
Seth: No man, everyone here is a fan of Catherynne and just as important as me. Everyone waited for my signing yesterday, and I want to do the same.
Sam: No, you are going to the front of the line.
It was at this point that Sam dragged Seth out of the line towards the front as the rest of the line cheered encouragement and laughed. This was just one example I saw of the many authors who are massive fantasy fans themselves, and do not place themselves higher than other readers.
The second really fantastic example I have of this is the lovely Myke Cole, author of Control Point, Gemini Cell, and other books. When I first got into NYCC I was overwhelmed by the number of things to do. However, I noticed Myke was doing a book signing right at the start of the day, and decided to run over and get in line to meet him while I figured out what else I wanted to do. While I was in line to meet Myke I noticed that an actor I like was also doing an autograph session… for $80 a signing. I love the actor's work, but this seemed really steep to me for what was likely going to be a few seconds with the star. As I was pondering this, I reached the front of the line and got to meet Myke Cole. Myke asked me how I was doing, what my plans for Comicon were, where I got my jacket because he liked it, where I was from, and a bunch of other earnest questions while he signed my book. He also answered all of my questions about him, and by the time he finished signing he had me feeling like we were friends. For someone who is a fan it was a heartwarming experience, especially in light of how much other celebrities were charging to just get their signature. But this wasn't even the end of my Comicon experience with Myke.
I ended up running into him again at an author/fan meet and greet at the end of the weekend. It was a small gathering with a slew of authors such as Terry Brooks, Naomi Novik, Alan Smale, and Michael Sullivan. This gathering was one of the most inception-y things I have ever experienced. While I freaked out as I got to talk to Myke again, I saw him freak out as he got to meet Alan Smale, who I saw freak out as he got to meet Terry Brooks, who I saw freak out because he got to meet Naomi Novik, etc etc. It was just a room full of people gushing happiness as they got to meet their idols. As I continued to talk with Myke he said something that really stuck with me: “At the end of the day, everyone is just a fan. No matter how famous someone gets they will always be a lover of the genre, it is why we start writing in the first place.”
The love of reading science fiction and fantasy permeated every single person I talked to this weekend, and it was a uniting force across the entire event. Whether it was the Del Ray editor talking about how how lucky he is to be paid to draw maps, or authors asking me if it is ok to pause a conversation because they see another author autograph whose autograph they want, or getting over 30 free books because people just wanted their work to be read, Comicon helped me find new levels of love for the authors who are my heroes and I cannot wait to go back every year.
Advertisements
Breaking
Apple is now operating a top secret production laboratory in Longtan, Taiwan, formerly run by Qualcomm to develop a unique, low-power display technology known as IMOD, or Interferometric Modulator Display.
Apple site in Longtan. Source: Maurice Tsai/Bloomberg
MEMS the word
Source: Qualcomm
Source: CNET
Source: Qualcomm
Also: Apple just bought a MEMS fab
"The end result is a flexible and robust process that enables conversion, with minimal modification, of many FPD fabs into Mirasol display foundries" - Qualcomm
Apple has acquired at least a half dozen mystery companies this year
Though they were constructed nearly 5,000 years ago, the Great Pyramids of Egypt are still packed with secrets. Using a technique that leverages the power of cosmic rays, scientists have confirmed the presence of a large empty space within Khufu's pyramid—a void that's signaling the presence of a possible hidden chamber.
It's tempting to think that all the great archaeological discoveries from ancient Egypt have already been made, but new research published today in Nature shows there's still plenty for us to uncover.
An investigation into the internal structure of Khufu's pyramid—the largest pyramid in Giza—has revealed the presence of a large and inaccessible “void” within the structure. The researchers who led the study, Mehdi Tayoubi from the HIP Institute in France and Kunihiro Morishima from Nagoya University in Japan, won't go so far as to say the cavity is a hidden chamber, but they're reasonably convinced the internal feature is a deliberate architectural feature of the pyramid. As to what's inside is anyone's guess, but the presence of artifacts and funeral items are not out of the question, according to Egyptologists.
Advertisement
The discovery was made possible through the unlikely intersection of archaeology and particle physics. By making meticulous measurements of muons—elementary particles that rain down on Earth from deep space and are capable of traveling through solid objects—researchers were able to characterize the densities within the pyramid, revealing the presence of an empty space that measures at least 100 feet (30 meters) in length.
The Structures Within
That Khufu's pyramid may still hold a chamber waiting to be found is within the realm of possibility.
Advertisement
This massive structure was built on the Giza Plateau during the Egyptian Fourth Dynasty (c. 2613 to 2494 BC) by the Pharaoh Khufu (sometimes referred to as Cheops), who reigned from 2509 to 2483 BC. The pyramid initially measured 481 feet (146 meters) in height, and was the tallest structure in the world for more than 3,800 years.
There are three known rooms inside the monument: the King's Chamber, the Queen's Chamber, and an unfinished room cut into the bedrock upon which the pyramid was built. There's also the Grand Gallery, a sloped hallway-like structure measuring 28 feet (8.6 meters) high, 153 feet (46.7 meters) long, and about 6 feet (2 meters) wide. The original entrance leading to these internal structures, known as the “descending corridor,” is located at the North Face, but today, tourists are allowed to enter the pyramid through a tunnel attributed to Caliph al-Ma'mun (around AD 820).
Advertisement
Archaeologists don't have the original blueprints to Khufu's pyramid, and there's no consensus on how the structure was created or what hidden features may still lie inside. The only known documents, written on papyri, only describe the logistics of the construction, such as how the stones were transported (fun fact: the Great Pyramid contains an estimated 2.3 million blocks).
Finding a New Way With Cosmic Rays
Detecting hidden chambers or corridors is not easy for archaeologists, who mustn't damage ancient structures in any way. Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities is very strict about what can and cannot be done to these historic monuments, requiring scientists to come up with innovative new ways of exploring the pyramids.
Advertisement
Back in the 1960s, archaeologist Luis Alvarez came up with the idea of using muons—a type of elementary particle that's capable of penetrating dense materials—to peer inside Khafre's pyramid (the second largest of the Giza Pyramids). Unfortunately, his team lacked the technological and scientific know-how to pull it off, but Alvarez's idea has proven its worth. Today, the technique, known as muography, has been used by archaeologists to analyze ancient Roman structures and Mexican pyramids, and by geologists to explore features such as volcanoes. Muography has also been used to assess damage at the beleaguered Fukushima nuclear power plant, and by the US military to find hidden caves and tunnels in Afghanistan.
In terms of the physics involved, muon particles originate from the interactions of cosmic rays with the atoms in the upper atmosphere. They pepper the Earth at nearly the speed of light (they're harmless to humans and other animal life), and researchers can visualize the presence and trajectory of these particles using various muon detection schemes. Muons are only partially absorbed by solid objects, and can thus penetrate stone. But by mapping the positions and trajectories if these particles, researchers can visualize the internal composition of solid structures—revealing things such as stone formations or open-air cavities.
“Similar to X-rays which can penetrate the body and allow bone imaging, these elementary particles can keep a quasi-linear trajectory while going through hundreds of meters of stone before decaying or being absorbed,” write the researchers in the new study.
Advertisement
Last year, the ScanPyramids project—the same team of researchers involved in this latest discovery—used muography and infrared thermography (which measures temperature) to uncover a corridor directly above the Great Pyramid's original entrance. Using the same idea, the researchers have now discovered the large void located directly above the Grand Gallery.
To validate the presence of the void, the researchers recruited specialists from three different institutions. Each team employed their own unique muon detection technique, and stationed their scanners both within and outside the pyramid.
Advertisement
Researchers from Nagoya University used nuclear emulsion films to track the muons in three dimensions, a team from France's Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) used scintillator hodoscopes (scintillating materials emit light when particles pass through it), and researchers from KEK High Energy Accelerator Research Organization did it using gas-based detectors. Because only one percent of muons reach the detectors, data must be meticulously accumulated over the course of several months (the exposures began in December 2015).
Explaining the Void
All three teams reached the same conclusion—there's a large, open cavity directly above the Great Gallery, and it's about the same size and shape. The void is about 70 feet (21 meters) above ground level, and is at least 100 feet (30 meters) long, but the researchers aren't sure of its inclination.
Advertisement
So what is it?
During a press conference held yesterday, the researchers stubbornly refused to speculate. “We're avoiding the word ‘chamber,'” said Mehdi Tayoubi. “We know that it's a big void, but we're not calling it a chamber.” The ScanPyramids scientists admitted they're not experts in this area, and that specialists in Egyptian architecture should use this discovery as an invitation to join in and help explain the mysterious cavity.
“There are still many architectural hypotheses to consider; in particular, the big void could be made of one or several adjacent structures, and it could be inclined or horizontal,” write the researchers in the study. “The detailed structure of the void should be further studied...more interdisciplinary collaborations [will be required to help understand] the pyramid and its construction process.”
Advertisement
Importantly, the researchers were able to rule out “non-void” possibilities. Because small gaps or crevices cannot be detected using the muon technique (it can only detect wide open spaces), there's virtually no way the space is a “swiss cheese” of stone, as some scientists have speculated. It's also unlikely, the researchers say, that it's just a sign of interior wear-and-tear, some kind of collapse or construction flaw in the design, or the juxtaposition of small and large stones. Importantly, the area in question produced the same muon data patterns as scans made of the Grand Gallery—a known “void” within the structure.
Kathlyn M. Cooney, an Associate Professor of Ancient Egyptian Art & Architecture at the University of California Los Angeles, says it's too early to speculate about the true nature of the void, but a hidden chamber is not an impossibility. Cooney, who wasn't involved in the new study, said Khufu and his father Sneferu, unlike their Third Dynasty predecessors, began to “float” chambers within their pyramids.
Advertisement
“To construct these internal structures they had to build from the bottom up,” she told Gizmodo, “They had to create the chambers and passages as they built upwards.” To make these interior structures inaccessible (which seems to be the intent), Cooney says the ancient Egyptians refrained from making adjoining corridors, and case the pyramid from the outside to prevent access. “It was brilliant,” she said, “but it was a short-lived phenomenon, and it didn't happen very often after these two kings.”
Like the ScanPyramids archaeologists, Cooney doesn't know what's inside the void, but she said “it would be extraordinary to find potential materials [such as] funerary items and treasures that are almost 5,000 years old.”
Potential Paths Forward
The obvious question at this stage is to ask what archaeologists plan on doing to find out more about this mysterious structure. During the press conference, the researchers said they'd like to perform more long term muon scans of the structure, and from different positions. This should allow them to create a more accurate picture of the space, and possibly find more hidden features.
Advertisement
More radically, INRIA researcher Jean-Baptiste Mouret, a member of the ScanPyramids team, is currently designing an innovative robot that will be capable of squirming through a very small hole, and possibly fly like an aerial drone once it's within the cavity (welcome to archaeology in the 21st century).
Unfortunately, the void is located in a very difficult place to access, and some drilling may be required. This prospect could be minimized should the researchers discover hidden adjoining corridors. Take the recently discovered corridor above the original entrance; this passageway could contain a tunnel all the way to the void in a mirror image of the structures below it.
Advertisement
“If an exploration has to be imagined, a good starting place would be from the suspected corridor at the North Face,” explained the researchers at yesterday's presser. “But for the moment there is no discussion about that—this is not our responsibility. But because we are engineers, and because we love innovation, we asked Jean-Baptiste to join our team...and we're currently in the thinking and design process.”
But as Cooney explained to Gizmodo, the researchers will still have to get past the Egyptian antiquities ministry.
“When you claim something like this, and even when you've got great science behind you, the Egyptians still have control over their national patrimony,” she said. “Ultimately, it'll be up to them as to how they'll want [the pyramid] investigated and analyzed as the archaeologists move forward.” She also says that outside researchers (which is the case here) will have to work with an Egyptian team, and work within the convoluted Egyptian political process.
Advertisement
Lastly, Cooney made a plea to both the press and the public to remain patient.
“We need to stop rushing archaeological discoveries that don't need to be rushed and push scientists to make declarations about discoveries that aren't yet proven,” she told Gizmodo, “It's important to remember the old adage, ‘archaeology is destructive,' and realize that the next generation will be able to do it better.”
[Nature]
Green Bay Packers running back Eddie Lacy is upended by New York Giants strong safety Landon Collins after running for a first down. (Photo: Mark Hoffman/Milwaukee Journal Sentinel)
GREEN BAY - Through the first half of Sunday night's game, Green Bay Packers running back Eddie Lacy was on pace to rush for 100 yards in consecutive games for only the second time in his career.
He entered halftime with 77 yards on nine carries, and that was without touching the football in the final eight minutes of the second quarter. Lacy was a healthy scratch to end the half, staying on the sideline while the Packers used backup James Starks in their two-minute offense.
He didn't stay healthy, though.
DOUGHERTY: Lacy in line for big role
D'AMATO: Rodgers' play still off
RELATED: Defense coming up big this year
On his second carry after halftime, Lacy injured his left ankle while running for 2 yards on the right side. He limped to the sideline and spent the bulk of the quarter on the training table. Lacy's ankle was heavily taped, and he tried to test his ankle around the bench area, but he was unable to return.
“It is frustrating,” Lacy said after finishing with 11 carries for 81 yards, “but it happens. Injuries are a part of the game. It's still early, but it's definitely frustrating. Especially when you're doing good, and you want to keep going but you can't.”
Lacy was able to walk unassisted after the game.
Coach Mike McCarthy said Monday that Lacy's injury didn't appear too serious, but he did not say he was a guarantee to play this week.
"Eddie's had some tests done, so we really won't know until he hits the field tomorrow," McCarthy said of a personal workout. "So I would say it's not serious. But I don't know what his status is for this week."
McCarthy also said that receiver Randall Cobb, who was hit in the neck late in the game, was sore but didn't appear to be worse for wear.
"Well, it didn't look very good," McCarthy said of the hit from Giants safety Landon Collins. "It didn't look very good live and it didn't look very good on film. Unnecessary, but he's going to be fine."
Lacy said his goal is to be ready for the Packers' next game against the Dallas Cowboys.
“I'm a pretty tough person,” Lacy said. “I should be all right.”
rwood@gannett.com and follow him on Twitter @ByRyanWood
Screamed vocals really are an art and can be just as important to a song as their clean counterparts. In the metalcore genre especially it can be tough for one screamer to truly stand out in a sea of similar-sounding vocalists. But some manage to do exactly that, establishing their own unique brand of screaming and pushing the boundaries of style. Here we acknowledge the best screamers in the metalcore genre today (in no particular order).
Photo Credit: Joe Lemke
1. Jason Butler of letlive.
Jason Butler is all over the place—vocally and physically. He can switch from screeching to roaring all while intricately rapping the words of our next revolution.
2. Caleb Shomo of Beartooth
Shomo's screams have gotten progressively higher since his first effort as a frontman on Attack Attack!'s 2010 self-titled album.
3. Tyler “Telle” Smith of the Word Alive
The word is never more alive than when it's traveling at sonic speeds in one of Smith's power-hitter screams.
4. Levi Benton of Miss May I
Benton's vocals are a speedy barrage of relentless chaos.
5. Michael Bohn of Issues
Bohn's ferocity is the perfect contrast to co-vocalist Tyler Carter's soft crooning.
The next version of the Nissan Leaf is going to come with quite a fancy innovation in the form of its e-Pedal option -- an all-in-one power and braking control that Nissan says should be good for 90 per cent of your driving day.
In short, you press it down to go, like you do in all cars. That's not the innovation. The new bit is that lifting off this e-Pedal activates the standard EV regenerative braking system and slows you down, fairground dodgem style, so it should do away with the brake pedal altogether for the majority of tedious stop-start modern driving situations. It even holds the cars stationary on hills, which ought to make it a lovely easy drive.
There's a video about it, as Nissan wants the world to stop talking about bloody Teslas you can't even buy all the time and start being excited about the new Leaf it'll be fully revealing this September:
The only concern is that Nissan says drivers still have to occasionally use the proper brake pedal in emergency/panic situations, so there's going to be some training of the brain to be done in order to gauge just how much a car can be brought safely to a stop using the regen system alone. [YouTube]
More Cars Posts:
national
Team of 40 volunteers has been speaking to auto rickshaw drivers based in Hadapsar, whose property was damaged in the riots that broke out after photos of Shivaji and Bal Thackeray uploaded on Facebook offended some people
The Pune wing of Aam Aadmi Party is expected to meet the auto rickshaw drivers and shopkeepers who lost their assets in the riots that erupted after photos of Chhatrapati Shivaji and Bal Thackeray uploaded on Facebook were deemed offensive by a section of the population last week.
Aam Aadmi Party District Committee member, Abha Mulay, said that party volunteers have submitted a plea to District Collector Saurabh Rao on Saturday, asking him to look into the case, and had demanded immediate action against those responsible for rioting. PIC/Mohan Patil
Aam Aadmi Party District Committee member, Abha Mulay, said that party volunteers have submitted a plea to District Collector Saurabh Rao on Saturday, asking him to look into the case, and had demanded immediate action against those responsible for rioting. Pic/Mohal Patil
In the past few days, a team of around 40 AAP volunteers has been doing groundwork in Hadapsar area, where auto rickshaws and some bakeries were ransacked by angry mobs.
“Instead of conducting protests or holding rallies, our volunteers are assessing the financial and material losses incurred by the auto rickshaw drivers when stones were pelted at them in Hadapsar. We will also keep tabs on whether the administration compensates the losses faced by shopkeepers whose shops were ransacked by the mob,” said Abha Mulay, AAP Pune district committee member.
She added that the party volunteers had also submitted a plea to District Collector Saurabh Rao on Saturday, asking him to look into the matter. They have demanded immediate action against those responsible for rioting.
AAP volunteer Deepak Tawari, who has been working in Hadapsar for the past few days, said that the party was also planning to conduct a sadbhavana sabha to encourage religious harmony in Hadapsar next week.
“This is not for political mileage but to genuinely help the people who suffered injuries or financial loss due to the unpleasant incidents in the city last week,” said Tawari. Asgar Beg, an auto driver and AAP volunteer from Hadapsar who has mapped out the survey work in the area, said that around four auto rickshaws were damaged and the party volunteers were assessing their financial losses.
“I went to meet an auto rickshaw driver who was injured in the riot; reaching his home, I found that he had already left Hadapsar, and gone back to his village in Vidarbha,” Beg said.
In the last few weeks, members of Congress have presented radically different estimates of the cost of the U.S. nuclear weapons program. The disparate estimates, which vary by hundreds of billions of dollars, reflect a lack of consensus about how to properly assess the cost of nuclear weapons.
“The U.S. will spend an estimated $700 billion on nuclear weapons and related programs over the next ten years,” according to an October 11 press release from Rep. Ed Markey (D-MA). Citing that estimate, which was based on an analysis by the Ploughshares Fund, Markey and 64 other Democratic members wrote to the Super Committee on Deficit Reduction to propose a cut of $200 million in spending on nuclear weapons.
But Rep. Mike Turner (R-OH) said last week that the entire nuclear weapons budget for the next ten years is only about $214 billion. He said that the cuts proposed by Democrats would therefore “amount to unilateral and immediate nuclear disarmament by the United States” with “catastrophic impacts to our national security and global stability.”
In his own letter to the Super Committee, Rep. Turner, chair of a House Armed Services Subcommittee, cited November 2 testimony from Administration officials including Thomas D'Agostino of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA), who said that “The 1251 report [on nuclear force structure] makes clear that the total for the Department of Defense and NNSA will cost approximately $200 billion over the next 10 years, not the $600 billion or so that some are claiming.”
That seemingly authoritative statement might have settled the issue — but it did not, according to Stephen I. Schwartz of the Monterey Institute of International Studies.
“Here's the fundamental problem: No one in the government knows exactly how much has been spent or continues to be spent on nuclear weapons because there is not and has never been a unified, comprehensive budget to monitor all their costs across departments and agencies and over time,” said Mr. Schwartz, an author of several studies on nuclear weapons spending.
The nominal budget for nuclear weapons, said Mr. Schwartz, “excludes a number of very expensive and critical programs that make the nuclear arsenal usable, including overhead and support costs; most research and development costs for delivery systems and support equipment; all costs for tactical nuclear weapons; airlift and sealift costs for strategic and tactical nuclear weapons programs; most centralized command, control, communications programs associated with nuclear weapons; all intelligence programs that support the nuclear weapons mission; and some training costs.”
To remedy the ambiguity in nuclear budgeting, Mr. Schwartz proposed that Congress enacts a new framework for financial transparency and accountability in the nuclear weapons program. In principle, he said, such a framework should appeal to political leaders and analysts of all persuasions.
“If Congress (and the interested public) had a clear understanding of what it costs to sustain the nuclear arsenal, or of, for example, the annual expenditures required to secure vulnerable nuclear materials in the United States and overseas, we could have a rational and logical discussion about the costs and benefits of these programs.”
“Unfortunately, we do not, which means that rhetoric and assumptions will most likely replace facts when it comes to making important decisions about the future of US nuclear security spending,” he wrote in a recent paper. See “Building Budgetary Transparency and Accountability for the US Nuclear Weapons Program” by Stephen I. Schwartz, September 8, 2011.
FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File)
DALLAS (AP) — President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts.
In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets.
“What you have been a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.”
Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course.
A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs.
Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions.
The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs.
However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater.
There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department.
Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans.
“Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000.
Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement.
Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said.
Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw.
In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply.
New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas.
Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business.
Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy.
“The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said.
The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor.
“No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.”
Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back.
“It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.”
___
Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report.
• Sentenced to more than 10 years' jail
• Found guilty of sexual violation by unlawful sexual connection and indecent act on a minor
• Victim was 10 when offending started
A female teacher who sexually violated and manipulated a boy was no better than male predators who abused girls, a court heard today.
Stacey Reriti was sentenced to more than 10 years in jail for her exploitation of a boy who was only 10 when the offending started in 2011.
She was found guilty last month on six charges of sexual violation by unlawful sexual connection and one charge of doing an indecent act on a minor.
Advertisement
At her sentencing today, the High Court at Wellington heard the boy felt betrayed, and his entire family felt Reriti's actions would be "a scar" on their lives forever.
Reriti used to teach at Natone Park School in Porirua.
Prosecutor Dale LaHood today said aggravating features of Reriti's offending included the "vulnerability" of the victim.
The boy was especially vulnerable at the time, Mr LaHood said, because one of his parents "was extremely unwell".
"Far from being a compassionate supporter" of the boy, Reriti manipulated him, the prosecutor said.
"The breach of trust in this case is extreme."
Reriti, he said, betrayed her duties as a teacher, a leader, and a deputy principal.
Mr LaHood said Reriti manipulated the boy emotionally.
"The real harm [to] this victim won't be known for some time."
Gender "shouldn't be a factor"
The starting point for Reriti's punishment should be 14-15 years in jail, the prosecutor said.
He suggested Reriti's gender shouldn't mean she should escape the sort of punishment a male teacher found guilty of child sex offences would face.
Mitigating features possibly included Reriti's lack of previous convictions, he said, but the length of her offending against the boy made this arguably irrelevant.
The offending continued until 2014.
Reriti's lawyer Stephen Iorns said the disgraced teacher suffered from "serious psychological and psychiatric illness".
There was no escaping the fact "traumatic" situations she'd experienced when younger, and her recent mental state, contributed to the offending, he said.
However, he described Reriti as vulnerable, and said a long jail term would not be good for her.
"Prior to this offending, Miss Reriti was on track to have a very impressive career."
But now, he said, "her career is over".
Justice Mark Woolford equated some of Reriti's offending with rape. He said the charge of unlawful sexual connection carried a penalty of up to 20 years' imprisonment.
He reminded the court that the victim was only 10 when the offending started, at a secluded area the teacher drove the boy to.
"You lay on top of him and kissed him as well as asking him to kiss you..."
Further visits to "secluded areas" followed.
"This occurred reasonably regularly," the judge said.
For these offences, she was found guilty of doing an indecent act.
But the offending escalated from kissing, culminating in sexual intercourse.
"Because a woman cannot be charged with rape" these incidents all resulted in charges of unlawful sexual connection, the judge said.
"A scar" on their lives forever
The boy, now in his mid-teens, made a victim impact statement, Justice Woolford said.
"He feels that his childhood has been taken from him and struggles to see how anything positive can come out of what has happened."
The boy felt betrayed, and his entire family felt Reriti's actions would be "a scar" on their lives forever.
"It has taken a toll on his family who have all felt the strain and the stress of these proceedings."
The court heard the boy was also disgusted after recalling sexually explicit texts Reriti sent him.
"He felt sick at what you said to him, and realising how you had control and manipulated him," the judge added.
"Some of the texts were extremely sexually explicit. You told him you loved him. You also requested naked pictures of him."
If the boy didn't do as commanded, the teacher would threaten him.
"You would threaten to report him to police."
Reriti was guilty of a gross breach of trust that would have long-term impacts on the boy, the school, and the community, the judge said.
"You have ruined that trust and have caused the victim to be suspicious of female teachers generally."
"Nothing in this case mitigates this offending."
Reriti showed no remorse or understanding of the offending, Justice Woolford said.
Reriti gasped and cried as the verdicts of "guilty" were read out last month.
During the trial, she accused the boy of being a liar and "manipulator".
Justice Woolford acknowledged Reriti was mentally unwell, and said her offending was less pathological and degrading than in some similar cases.
"It reflected a perturbing view that you were capable of [having a relationship] with a 10-year-old boy."
For the sexual violation charge, Reriti was sentenced to 10 years and six months in jail.
For indecent assault, she was sentenced to three years' imprisonment.
For the other offences, she was sentenced to eight years' jail, to be served concurrently.
There was no audible emotion from Reriti or the public gallery when the sentence was read out.
A conservative lobby group welcomed the sentence but said rape laws should be updated to remove the "gender inequality" which prevented Reriti from being charged with rape.
"This sentence sends a strong message that gross breaches of trust will receive the full weight of the law," said Bob McCoskrie, Family First national director.
"However, we would question what mitigating circumstances existed which allowed the sentence to be reduced from the prosecutor's starting point of 14-15 years. This offending was calculated and manipulative," Mr McCoskrie added.
Investors being persuaded to take their money out of fossil fuel sector, according to University of Oxford study
A campaign to persuade investors to take their money out of the fossil fuel sector is growing faster than any previous divestment campaign and could cause significant damage to coal, oil and gas companies, according to a study from the University of Oxford.
The report compares the current fossil fuel divestment campaign, which has attracted 41 institutions since 2010, with those against tobacco, apartheid in South Africa, armaments, gambling and pornography. It concludes that the direct financial impact of such campaigns on share prices or the ability to raise funds is small but the reputational damage can still have major financial consequences.
"Stigmatisation poses a far-reaching threat to fossil fuel companies – any direct impacts of divestment pale in comparison," said Ben Caldecott, a research fellow at the University of Oxford's Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment, and an author of the report. "In every case we reviewed, divestment campaigns were successful in lobbying for restrictive legislation."
The report is part of a new research programme on stranded assets backed by Aviva Investors, HSBC, Standard & Poor's and others. It found: "The fossil fuel campaign has achieved a lot in the relatively short time since its inception."
Some major investors, such as the $74bn Scandinavian asset manager Storebrand, have already pulled their funds from coal stocks. But the researchers found that even if the maximum possible capital was divested by university endowments and public pension funds, the total was relatively small compared to the market capitalisation of traded fossil fuel companies and the size of state-owned enterprises.
However, the team concluded: "The outcome of the stigmatisation process, which the fossil fuel divestment campaign has now triggered, poses the most far-reaching threat to fossil fuel companies and the vast energy value chain."
Analysing previous campaigns, the researchers found examples of stigmatised companies being shunned by governments and being barred from public contracts or acquiring licences. "Stigma attached to merely one small area of a large company may threaten sales across the board," the report found, citing the examples of Motorola dumping its defence business due to bad press and Revlon's decision to disinvest from its South African operation after customer groups threatened a boycott.
The report also found instances when customers, suppliers and potential employees were scared off by stigma and where stigma had led shareholders to demand changes in the management of companies.
Bill McKibben, the environmental campaigner who leads the 350.org divestment campaign which is expanding from the US into Europe this autumn, said: "This divestment campaign is just one front in the climate fight, but of all the actions people can take to bring about structural change, it's probably the easiest. Severing our ties with the guys digging up the carbon won't bankrupt them--but it will start to politically bankrupt them, and make their job of dominating the planet's politics that much harder."
A report in April backed by climate economist Lord Stern found that at least two-thirds of the fossil fuels listed as assets by the world's fossil fuel companies would have to remain in the ground if governments were to fulfil their pledge of keeping climate change below the danger limit of 2C. The UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), backed by 193 governments, reached a similar conclusion at the end of September.
David Nussbaum, chief executive at WWF-UK, said: "With the IPCC giving us the clearest signal yet of the threats posed by a changing climate, it's clear that we must consider the risks to businesses and investors posed by investments in fossil fuels. Prudent investors want to be ahead of pack, not following the herd, so they will be preparing for a world where we leave fossil fuels in the ground."
Myanmar's military has been invited to observe a major U.S.-Thai military exercise involving other countries, according to Reuters.
The Cobra Gold exercise, which takes place every year, is led by members of the U.S. and Thai militaries and include participants from other Asian militaries.
Pentagon spokesman Lt. Col. Christopher Logan told Reuters that Thailand had extended the invitation to Myanmar.
ADVERTISEMENT
Logan said Myanmar's military was invited to watch the humanitarian assistance and disaster relief part of the exercise.
Myanmar's invitation comes as the country faces intense backlash for accusations of ethnic cleansing against the minority Muslim Rohingya population.
An official from the Directorate of Joint Intelligence of the Royal Thai Armed Forces told the news organization that the controversy over the Rohingya was not mentioned when the invitation was delivered.
“That never came up in the discussions. We separated that issue (the Rohingya). We focus on training, on education, on military cooperation. That is our wish, to have Myanmar involved," the official said.
“That is politics. We are soldiers. This is a military exercise."
The news comes after the Trump administration on Thursday announced sanctions against Myanmar general Maung Maung Soe, who is accused of ethnic cleansing.
The move marked the first move against the Southeast Asian nation since it began to democratize during the Obama administration.
The United States national team flattened St. Vincent and the Grenadines on Friday night, but there are still plenty of questions to be answered. Who starts and in what formation when the Nats take the field in Port of Spain to take on Trinidad & Tobago in what will be their toughest test in CONCACAF's Fourth Round? Andrew wonders whether Bobby Wood should be a shoo-in starter, and Matt praises Darlington Nagbe's effect on the team. Not to be forgotten is the monumental victory up north by Canada against one-time boogieman Honduras. The guys look ahead to the CanMNT's next match in San Salvador and the nation's odds of qualifying for the Hex.
ET Radio Book Club: What can USMNT, MLS learns from German soccer?
World Cup Qualifiers hum along, but don't forget we are less than a week away from more Audi MLS Cup Playoffs action. Four teams enter the conference championships with their MLS Cup dreams intact. The guys look back on the offseason moves and regular-season performances got the Red Bulls, Crew SC, Timbers and FC Dallas to this point.
In the mailbag, the guys dive back into the ETR Book Club discussion as Matt weighs in on Das Reboot and explains what the US can borrow from World champion Germany. Plus, why aren't there more Germans in MLS?
Email your thoughts to extratime@mlssoccer.com to be included in the show!
DOWNLOAD THE SHOW
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Several dozen elementary school students in Sherburne County are safe after the bus they were on burst into flames Tuesday.
The driver smelled smoke moments before the fire. He pulled the bus over and got the kids off quickly.
The students were on their way home from Zimmerman and Westwood elementary schools. Even though the kids are OK, they are dealing with some inconvenient losses.
Gray Lacy was going to hang the ornament he spent half a day making at school on his family's tree.
“I was gonna give the ornament to my mom,” Lacy said.
It was just one of a list of things he and his bus mates lost on Tuesday.
“All the sudden the bus stopped, and then there was smoke everywhere,” he said. “So I put my coat over my mouth because I knew it was bad to breath in smoke.”
After the engine started smoking, Lacy's bus driver pulled over and quickly evacuated the students.
“He said, ‘Get off the bus because the engine blew, and leave all your stuff,'” Lacy said.
Moments later, the bus was engulfed in flames. Charlie Blesener with Elk River Area School District says it was a close call.
“We're thankful that nobody was injured, and obviously it's a little easier to replace a backpack than it is a child,” Blesener said.
The district already gave Lacy a replacement for his backpack, and volunteers are replacing all the books and planners of his fellow students.
They will also be able to re-create the homemade gifts that were lost in the fire.
They are losses that Lacy is dealing with just fine, after a ride that could have taken so much more.
The bus company, Vision, says they are proud of how the driver calmly handled the situation.
As for what happened, a team from the bus manufacturer is flying in next week to inspect the bus.
This week United Eleven and Nether both left us for the open seas of launch. But have no fear there are still plenty of new betas to take their place. This weekend Shards Online is hosting an open alpha. This is your one chance to try out the game while it is still on Kickstarter. MMORTS Astro Lords is hosting closed beta which beings on June 10th. We have beta keys available if you're interested in giving it a try. We also have more of the much sought after beta keys for Archlord II. We've added Dungeon Fighter Online to the list thanks to a tip from Reddit. And finally, new to Kickstarter this week is a Skara: The Blade Remains, and a Dota 2 in game app which will create banlists. You can find everything new below, just look for .
New This Week
Everything new added to the list can be found here as well as in the list below.
Astro Lords Closed Beta Begins June 10 Keys Available
Shards Online Open Alpha This Weekend Only
Dungeon Fighter Online Alpha
Dota 2 Banlist App on Kickstarter
Skara: The Blade Remains on Kickstarter
Pre-Alpha, Alpha, and Early Access
Games in Pre-Alpha, Alpha, and Early Access often require a purchase and/or access to Steam.
Albion Online Official Site
ArcheAge Official Site
Arena of Fate Official Site Steam Early Access Begins this Summer
Blockstorm Official Site Early Access
DayZ Official Site
Dungeon Fighter Online Official Site
Happy Wars Official Site Steam Early Access May 29 – June 30
Hex Official Site
Earthrise: First Impact Official Site
Life is Feudal Official Site
Monster Madness Online Official Site
Project Gorgon Official Site
The Repopulation Official Site
The Stomping Land Official Site Steam Early Access
Rust Official Site
Shadowrun Online Official Site
Trove Official Site
Venus Rising Official Site Internal Alpha
Windborne Official Site
World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor Official Site Alpha of Expansion
Closed Beta
MMOs in Closed Beta are those which require a key to participate in. These events are only for a limited number of people.
Astro Lords: Oort Cloud Official Site Begins June 10 Beta Keys Available
Age of Civilization Official Site
Archlord II Official Site
Armored Warfare Official Site Registration Open
Battlecry Official Site Begins 2015
Black Gold Official Site
Clancraft Official Site
Dizzel Official Site June 9
Elite: Dangerous Official Site
Everquest Next Landmark Official Site
Face of Mankind Official Site
F.E.A.R Online Official Site
FIFA World Official Site
Hazard Ops Official Site
Heroes of the Storm Official Site Registration Open
Legend of Slayers Official Site
Lego Legends of CHIMA Official Site Currently Between Beta Events
Line of Defense Official Site
MU Rebirth Official Site Currently Between Beta Events
Nosgoth Official Site
Onigiri Official Site Ends June 12
Origins of Malu Official Site Currently Between Beta Events
Panzer Tactics HD Official Site
Pocket Gunfighters Official Site
Pockie Kingdom Official Site
Velvet Sundown Official Site
Rushwar Official Site
Soul Master Official Site
Strife Official Site
Swordsman Official Site Begins June 16
Transformers Universe Official Site
TUG Official Site Now available on Steam Early Access
War Thunder Official Site
World of Tanks Blitz Mobile Game
Open Beta
Open Beta is the phase in which anyone can take part. No key is required.
Argo Official Site
Dawngate Official Site
Dogs of War Official Site
Eclipse War Online Official Site
Heroes & Generals Official Site
Holy Blade Official Site
Icarus Online Official Site
Infinite Crisis Official Site
Kingdom Under Fire II Official Site
Legend of Silkroad Official Site
Lego Minifigures Online Official Site Begins June
Lime Odyssey Official Site
LinkRealms Official Site
Lost Saga Official Site
Sentinel Heroes (Formerly Duty of Sentinel) Official Site
Starbound Official Site
World of the Living Dead Official Site
World Tour Fishing Official Site
Year 0 Official Site
Yulgang Online (EU) Official Site
Other Beta Related Events and Kickstarters
Find out about Game related betas and Kickstarter events taking place.
Origins of Malu Kickstarter Ends June 12 Only $3,500 raised
Shards Online Kickstarter Ends June 12 Only 53,000 raised
Apocalypse Z Kickstarter Ends June 14 Halfway to goal
Realm Zero Kickstarter Ends June 17
Combat Core Kickstarter Ends June 27
Racing Tanks 2 Kickstarter Ends July 4
Skara: The Blade Remains Kickstarter Ends July 4
DOTA 2 In-Game Banlist App Kickstarter Ends August 3
Giveaways
Grab beta keys, starter packs and more from MMOGames.
Archlord II Closed Beta Keys
Astro Lords: Oort Cloud Closed Beta Keys
Sentinel Heroes Open Beta Gift Pack
Related: Alpha
The Expendables 2 will be R-rated according to Sylvester Stallone, quashing previous rumours that the upcoming sequel would be aiming for a family-friendly certificate to maximise its potential audience.
Giving The Stallone Zone a concise comment on the matter, Stallone said: “After taking in all the odd rumours and hearsay, EXPENDABLES II is an R.” Which sounds pretty conclusive to us.
The film had previously been thought to have been toned down due to the involvement of Chuck Norris . The grizzled action star had reportedly insisted that the script involve no swearing if he were to sign on to make an appearance.
Indeed, Stallone himself had previously confirmed that the film would be a PG-13, telling AICN as much in a brief statement earlier in the year. “The PG-13 rumour is true,” he said, “ but before your readers pass judgement, trust me when I say this film is large in every way and delivers on every level.”
It could yet be the case that Norris' no-swear rule has been adhered to, but that the R-Rating is a result of the inevitable glut of blood-spattered violence. We can only hope so, anyway. The Expendables 2 opens in the UK on 17 August 2012.
James Eugene Patty Jr., 48, of Maryville, Tennessee, is currently being held at the Buncombe County Detention Center, charged with soliciting a child by a computer. (Photo credit: Asheville Police Department)
A sheriff's deputy out of Tennessee was arrested by the Asheville Police Department Thursday and charged with soliciting a child by a computer.
James Eugene Patty Jr., 48, of Maryville, Tennessee, is currently being held at the Buncombe County Detention Center under a $50,000.00 bond.
In a news release, the Asheville Police Department says, at the time of his arrest, Patty was serving as a Sheriff's Deputy for the Blount County, TN Sheriff's Office.
“Mr. Patty traveled from Merryville to Asheville with the intent to have a sexual encounter with a 14-year-old female,” said Special Agent Alan Flora with the SBI's Internet Crimes Against Children(ICAC) task force.
Patty was taken into custody by the SBI and APD shortly after arriving in Asheville, prior to making any physical contact with a minor.
“It's not ok for anyone to prey on a child,” said Flora. “But it seems especially offensive when it's someone who's sworn to protect them (children).”
The investigation began to the north in Boone County said Flora. An investigator there, he said, learned of Patty's alleged plan.
Patty did not make any contact with the girl. Police arrested him as he got out of his white truck he drove from Tennessee.
North Carolina agencies participating in the operation were the State Bureau of Investigation (SBI), the Boone Police Department and Asheville Police Department. APD has been an active member of the ICAC Task Force since 2007.
Additional assistance was provided by the Tennessee ICAC Task Force and the Blount County, TN Sheriff's Office. Blount County Sheriff James Lee Berrong has been very cooperative and is working with the SBI to resolve this matter.
More on this story here.
Miami Marlins reliever Carter Capps said he will be examined Monday by famed orthopedic surgeon James Andrews to determine the extent of the injury to his right elbow.
The hard-throwing Capps, who missed the last two months of the 2015 season with an elbow sprain, felt soreness as he prepared to face hitters in a batting practice session Sunday.
Capps had an MRI and said Thursday that the initial reading is “inconclusive right now. You know it's there, but you don't know if it's old, you don't know if it's new.
“Obviously, I'm concerned. I'd like to be out there pain free and competing. But at the same time it would be nice to have some peace of mind that comes with knowing that a guy that's looked at a lot of elbows, whatever he has to say, that will be more relaxing than just the wait-and-see wonder game, which is where I'm at right now.”
For pitchers, a visit to Andrews often leads to surgery. But that was deemed not necessary when Capps sought his opinion two years ago.
Either way, Marlins manager Don Mattingly expects Capps to be out of action for an extended period, a significant blow to the relief corps. The right-hander was counted on as a key component of the bullpen in the late innings, viewed as a potential future closer.
Check out the latest images from the Miami Marlins' spring training:
“Obviously, this is a little setback, but I think it's one of those things that we as an organization, as a team, we've got to be able to overcome,” Mattingly said. “We've got a lot of guys with good arms. We're going to have an opportunity for guys to step forward and take on a role.”
Capps, 25, with a fastball that averages 98 mph and an unusual delivery that makes him more confounding, was nearly unhittable over a span of about 2 1/2 months last season. Working in a setup role, he posted a 1.16 ERA and a 0.81 WHIP, striking out 58 batters in 31 innings before the injury surfaced Aug. 2.
“He was dominant last year,” Mattingly said. “He's been one of those guys that, it's not a matter of his stuff ever, it's a matter of staying out there and being dependable and creating some consistency for his club.
Capps came into camp expressing confidence he was fully recovered and ready to challenge A.J. Ramos for the Marlins' closer job. He didn't feel discomfort until warming up to face hitters for the first time this spring.
“I think it was just throwing versus game throwing. I was getting ready for that live BP, and that's just like another little bit of adrenaline,” he said.
"On the mound, the stuff comes out pretty good. It's just really painful right at the end right now. I'm going to see what is the problem there."
Health has been a recurring issue for Capps. He also spent time on the disabled list in 2014 with elbow trouble, which led to the previous consultation with Andrews, who willl examine him in Gulf Breeze, outside Pensacola.
“Waiting for him to read the MRI, and when I meet with him Monday, hopefully he'll shed some light on the subject. I saw him a couple years ago for a second opinion when I first had some issues. He's kind of been there, done that with me. He's obviously seen a lot of elbows, so he'll know what's the deal.
“I'd like a definite yes or no – things are good, things are not good. That would be nice to know.”
Vancouver Whitecaps FC announced today that midfielder Dane Richards has signed a contract with Burnley Football Club that will see him join the English League Championship side following the conclusion of Whitecaps FC's 2012 Major League Soccer season.
Richards was acquired by Whitecaps FC last month in a trade with New York Red Bulls for striker Sebastien Le Toux, as well as allocation money.
“Dane is in the final year of his MLS contract, so we knew there was a strong possibility he might get offers from Europe for next season,” said Martin Rennie, Whitecaps FC head coach. “When we traded for Dane we received allocation money, which is a valuable asset in our league. Dane will continue to be an important part of our squad, as we push for a playoff spot, and we look forward to his contributions throughout the rest of the season before he starts with his new club Burnley FC.”
"Burnley FC presented a good opportunity for me to play in Europe for the first time in my career," said Richards. "At the same time, I am really enjoying my time with Whitecaps FC and will continue to work hard to contribute to the team's success, as we move towards the postseason."
Richards, 28, joined Whitecaps FC on July 13 after five-and-a-half seasons with New York Red Bulls. So far this season, he has started six of seven matches for 580 minutes, scoring two goals. Richards will join Burnley FC - based in Burnley, Lancashire - in January 2013.
FPS Aim Training (New Update!)
Do you ever play a First-Person Shooter and feel like everyone else is better than you? Do you want to be like the pros? Or do you just want to hone, refine, and maintain your FPS skills? Look no further, as FPS Aim Training has all your needs! Use the target practice to perfect those crispy flicks, those tight snaps, and those crazy shots. FPS Aim Training supports many resolutions, aspect rations, and sensitivities, so you can recreate your perfect environment from your favorite First-Person Shooters! Get in the zone fast with FPS Aim Training, and warm up for a competitive match of the most intense FPS games out there.
Current Features:
Sensitivity Slider.
Multiple resolution support.
Options for size, amount, delay, and duration of targets. (access with M)
Settings automatically saved
Satisfying sound when you hit a target
Customizable crosshair
Different Ranges
Full screen support
Universal (Windows, Mac, Linux, and Web!)
For those people wondering if karma still exists, blog Celebrity Net Worth posted this poetic example of "carma" recorded earlier this year.
Documented in both pictures and a video that racked up more than 400,000 views, one sports car owner's moment of impatience turned into hours worth of embarrassment after a Porsche 911 got itself stuck in a patch of wet concrete.
The Porsche was stuck behind a line of cars in San Francisco's Marina district when the driver decided to take a shortcut through a construction zone. While the pavement may have seemed dry enough to the hurrying commuter, it quickly became apparent that the situation was far sticker than it originally appeared.
However, according to Yahoo!, the driver had it coming.
"It was coned off," notes Bobswire, a user of the Paceline bike forums, according to Yahoo's Motoramic blog. "He was just trying to sneak in from a side street. [The] concrete looked solid."
In front of a crowd of onlookers, a crew of construction workers toiled to move the vehicle. The driver, however, refused to get out of the car, both to prevent cement from seeping into the interior and perhaps to preserve a bit of dignity.
"This has got to be the most embarrassing day of this guy's life," narrates a bystander who later posted the video of the automotive rescue efforts to YouTube.
According to Kelly Blue Book, a 2013 Porsche with standard options costs upward of $80,000, with more luxe versions topping $100,000. According to the Daily Mail, the car from the video probably needed to have its entire undercarriage and brake system replaced.
The humorous incident was spotted originally by Jim Gorzelany, an automotive writer for Forbes.
From the sounds of it, that six-year, $120 million offer the Red Sox submitted to Jon Lester is doing work. Peter Gammons reported on Monday morning that the Red Sox and Lester reunion is "close to happening" according to a pair of National League general managers. The thing is, though, that we will still have to wait a couple of weeks to find out if "close" can become complete instead, and there are still some hurdles to clear.
For one, Lester is meeting with the Cardinals the week after Thanksgiving. The Cardinals are not as rich as the Red Sox, but they're arguably the best-run organization in baseball, and could provide Lester with the stability and environment he has publicly hoped for. The Giants, seemingly realizing that Pablo Sandoval is slipping away, have shifted their attention to Lester, and can also provide a Lester-worthy environment and paycheck. Most frighteningly, one reason Lester and the Sox haven't agreed to anything yet is because his agents are still waiting to hear from the Yankees. He might not have any intention of pitching for them, but if the Yankees express interest in him, the Sox (or whomever) will have to bump their offer up at least a little bit.
That's a whole lot to digest from one paragraph buried deep within Gammons' latest, but that appears to be where the Red Sox and Lester stand at the moment. The Hanley Ramirez deal isn't finalized, but it sounds like that's one of Monday's goals for both sides. The Pablo Sandoval deal isn't official, but a decision will come on Monday, and if the Sox lose him to the Giants or Padres, they will still have Yoenis Cespedes around, and can shift Hanley to third base the moment the ink dries on his deal.
The Sox need Lester. If not Lester specifically, they need a pitcher of his ability. If they can get him slightly under market because of their familiarity with him, the presence of John Farrell, and maybe their almost new additions, then that's fantastic news for the Sox. Even if they do still need another pitcher after that. There is time yet for that, as well as convincing Lester to come back home.
Take me with U: Prince gets intimate in London with first of ‘guerrilla gigs'
Seven years ago it was a 21-night residency at the 20,000-capacity O2 Arena. For his 2014 return to London on 4 February, Prince started off by playing in a suburban living room before moving to the still-cosy surrounds of north London's Electric Ballroom (capacity: just over 1,000).
Prince and backing band 3RDEYEGIRL had flown into London in the early hours of Tuesday at the start of a still-evolving string of dates in support of his upcoming album, Plectrum Electrum, which they had played to a small nightclub audience in New York on Sunday night.
After a day in which he had kept fans and the media guessing about the location of the first of a series of promised “guerrilla gigs”, Prince attended a press conference at the east London home of soul singer Lianne La Havas.
Her house in Leyton had been transformed into a venue lit by purple lights. Here, Prince and his band played new songs from Plectrum Electrum, including the new single PretzelBodyLogic.
Speaking to the small group of journalists regarding his future live dates, he explained that he wants to charge “about $10” for each ticket on his forthcoming tour. According to the BBC's Matt Everitt, who was at the press conference, Prince did not confirm details of dates or tour specifics, but said he was interested in performing at intimate venues in London such as Ronnie Scott's, the Bag O'Nails Club and the Electric Ballroom – where he ended up performing at later that evening.
When asked about a potential Glastonbury appearance, Prince told Everitt: “Do you want me to play there tomorrow?” before adding that he was “concentrating on these shows in London, I don't know what's happening after”. When prompted with the question, “That's not a no though?”, Prince replied, “No.”
Later that night, Prince turned up at the one-time roller disco in north London to play a set to a few dozen elated journalists and, towards the end of the show, a swarm of even more elated fans.
“Y'all don't look like press to me,” adeadpan Prince announced at the start of a set largely composed of new material but also including a cover of Play That Funky Music and a version of his song I Could Never Take the Place of Your Man.
If he and the members of the band were jetlagged it didn't show, as the crowd at the Electric Ballroom enjoyed the up-close performance for around an hour. The doors were opened for the last few songs to fans who had been queuing patiently in the rain after monitoring the Twitter-borne rumours of the gig's location throughout the day.
“I like you,” shouted one fan to Prince, in between tracks.“You're not too bad yourself,” replied the singer, clad in a black fur gilet and cradling a guitar behind a microphone stand bearing his signature male-female glyph symbol.
Mark Sinclair, who had jumped on a train from West Hampstead with friend Jake Howden, said: “I just kept an eye out once we heard that he was coming to London and then just decided to hop out of bed and come down here when I saw where he was. It was pretty spectacular to see him up close. I'll be buying the album but I just wonder if the songs are going to sound this good.”
Finishing the set a few minutes before 1am. “We'll be back tomorrow, earlier and funkier,” he told fans before departing.
Rumours have been circulating of Prince's next impromptu show, with an online countdown currently ticking for the next revelation.
***Update*** (12/12/16): Rob Sherman has been identified as the man who died in the plane crash. The title of this post now reflects that.
Sherman, 63, of Poplar Grove, was identified Monday after a forensic dental examination, according to a news release from the McHenry County Coroner. The autopsy revealed Sherman died from multiple crush injuries due to the airplane crash.
The Daily Herald has a comprehensive obituary right here.
…
A small plane belonging to longtime atheist activist Rob Sherman crashed last night in the city of Marengo, Illinois, killing the pilot on board. Authorities have not yet definitively identified the 63-year-old Sherman as the pilot.
For several years, peaking about a decade ago, Sherman was a media fixture in Chicago for his frequent church/state separation lawsuits. He even helped his daughter sue the state (unsuccessfully) after legislators passed a “Silent Reflection and Student Prayer Act,” mandating a moment of silence in public school classrooms. At one point, his mouth got him in trouble even with liberal allies; Keith Olbermann once called him the “Worst Person in the World.”
Most famously, perhaps, Sherman alleged in 1987 that President George H. W. Bush said to him, “I don't know that atheists should be regarded as citizens, nor should they be regarded as patriotic. This is one nation under God.” There was no audio or video of that statement and it was never confirmed by anyone else. However, that quotation has been repeated in many atheist circles.
Sherman was once a national spokesperson for American Atheists. In response to news of his apparent death,told me, “I'll miss him. He was a remarkable person and a great activist. Our movement has lost an asset.”
In 2007, Sherman inherited “a multimillion-dollar amount … more money than I can ever spend.” It gave him the freedom to fly a lot more, something he always loved.
He was a Green Party nominee for Congress this year, though he didn't win the race. Sherman's platform included a strong stance on secular government:
No more God on our money. No more God in the Pledge. It's time for the federal government to stop bullying atheists that way. Eliminate Christmas as a federal holiday. Christians want to put Christ back into Christmas. That won't happen as long as the government is involved. When the government is involved, Christmas has to be bland, generic and secular. Christians want Christmas to be religious. You do that by getting the government out of Christmas. Also, I will sponsor legislation to eliminate the National Day of Prayer. The government has no business telling us when to pray or if we should pray since, when you pray, Nobody is listening. Nobody lives in Heaven.
This post will be updated as more information comes in.
(Portions of this article were published earlier. Thanks to Brian for the link)
( UPDATE: Video added below.)
The nightmare comes in different versions. You show up for the first day of class, but it's really the final exam. You're introduced to speak to a large audience and totally forget what you're supposed to say.
For a politician, especially one running as a uniter for president of these 57 United States, it's something else. And just now it happened up in South Dakota which is right next to Iowa, which means they are different states.
The Democratic frontrunner Sen. Barack Obama of another state, Illinois, had an enthusiastic double-barreled stump introduction from two local luminaries, former Sens. Tom Daschle and George McGovern, who was an equally enthusiastic supporter of Sen. Hillary Clinton until recently. But he changed his mind.
McGovern knows a little about presidential races, having once been the Democratic presidential candidate himself way back in 1972. He lost though.
Both South Dakotans lavished all sorts of praise on Obama, according to reporters present, including The Times Nicholas Riccardi. As the large, enthusiastic crowd of some 7,000 supporters roared and waved "We can do it" signs and Bruce Springsteen's "The Rising" blared, Obama bounded onto stage, grabbed the microphone and said, "Thank you, Sioux City!"
Trouble is, Obama was in Sioux Falls.
So was the crowd, which suddenly fell silent. Where are those Southwest Airlines get-away flights when you need them?
"I'm sorry," Obama quickly caught himself. "Sioux Falls. I've been in Iowa too long." Now, that line may not go over too well in the Hawkeye State, which gave him his first big caucus win way back in January.
Obama went on to give yet another rousing stump speech, seeking support in the state's primary June 3, the last one along with Montana. The Dakota crowd was enthusiastic. And the freshman Illinois senator threw in several extra references to South Dakota for good measure.
On to who knows where now? More below.
And a hat tip to Cassy Fiano.
(UPDATE: In its story today on Obama's appearance and his geographic gaffe, the local newspaper's website, the ArgusLeader.com, made its own gaffe with the initial headline: "Obama starts speech with a gaff" )
— Andrew Malcolm
8 years ago
(CNN) – Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has more in common with the average voter than it may seem, or so he said during a campaign stop in Tampa, Florida Thursday.
After listening to a group of unemployed Floridians discuss the challenges they face in the job market, the presidential hopeful -and multi-millionaire– cheekily divulged, "I am also unemployed."
Romney's remarks were greeted with laughter from the crowd, and prompted one man to ask the former governor and businessman if he is on the online networking site 'LinkedIn.'
"Yes actually and I'm networking," Romney answered. "I have my sights on a particular job that I'm working for."
But not everyone appreciated Romney's humor.
Democratic National Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz called the remarks "inappropriate and insensitive to the millions of Americans looking for work," in a statement.
New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman Ray Buckley also issued a statement calling Romney's comments "completely unacceptable."
"I am not sure that I can think of anything more out of touch with Granite Staters than 'chuckling' at unemployment as Mitt Romney did today in Florida," Buckley said.
At a later campaign stop in Smyrna, Georgia, however, Romney insisted his humor was aimed only at himself.
"I'll always make light of myself, and self deprecating humor is part of who I am," Romney told reporters.
"I had the privilege of being with a lot of unemployed people today and talking about their concerns. That's why I was there. So I'm in touch. Our president simply doesn't understand that his policies are causing a level of unemployment that is really unparalleled in modern history," he added.
The Republican National Party will nominate their presidential candidate in Tampa next summer.
–CNN's Aaron Cooper and CNN All Platform Journalist John Couwels contributed to this report
Updated 5:28 p.m.
Britain to argue that there should be no substantial regulatory changes as a result of leaving the EU
The government is seeking to negotiate a deal over data sharing with Europe in which there are no substantial regulatory changes as a result of Brexit.
The ambitious strategy emerged on Thursday in the last of a series of summer policy papers published by the Department for Exiting the European Union ahead of the next round of talks in Brussels on Monday.
In it, the government argues that its “unique” status as a leading player in the world of electronic commerce means that it should be able to demand special treatment from the EU when agreeing future standards.
Regulation of online data is an increasing international flashpoint as technology companies and national security agencies both come under fire for infringing personal privacy. Since the Edward Snowden revelations and other high-profile privacy challenges against companies such as Google, it has been a particular source of tension between the EU and US.
But the UK paper argues that Britain should in future be exempt from usual European adequacy tests that are applied to third-party countries seeking to handle the data of EU citizens and instead enter into a more permanent harmonisation agreement to provide stability for companies.
“The government believes it would be in the interest of both the UK and EU to agree early in the process to mutually recognise each other's data protection frameworks as a basis for the continued free flows of data between the EU and the UK from the point of exit until such time as new and more permanent arrangements come into force,” said the policy paper.
The government refuses to say how it would seek to maintain this mutual recognition once the rapidly-evolving standards start to diverge but says it would like to have a shared policy process in place in which both sides would have to agree to future changes.
Such a concession is likely to be fiercely resisted by Brussels negotiators who see such moves as an attempt to limit their own autonomy to set EU rules, but the principle could serve as a clue to the UK approach in other areas of business regulation, such as financial services, where the City also hopes for some form of a lasting mutual recognition deal.
The government refused to speculate on Thursday about how such an arrangement with the EU might cope with the challenge of diverging standards with the US, where much of the industry is based.
It did acknowledge however that current EU/US regulatory harmonisation was much more limited and was a source of potential future UK advantage if it could pursue separate deals at the same time.
Turkey has been accused of cherry-picking the most qualified of Syrian refugees while sending on to Europe thousands of sick and uneducated migrants.
At an internal European Union meeting in Brussels last week a Luxembourg government official claimed Turkey was sending 'serious medical cases' to Greece.
Turkey is currently home to around three million refugees from the civil war in Syria, many of them housed in squalid camps along the border.
Volunteers walk on a pile of lifejackets left behind by refugees and migrants who arrived to the Greek island of Lesbos after crossing the Aegean Sea from Turkey last year
Many are desperate to travel across the Aegean Sea to Greece or across the border to Bulgaria, where they can gain access to the EU.
Under a deal agreed in March, the EU will resettle one Syrian refugee from Turkey in exchange for each Syrian deported from Greece.
But Turkey has been accused of sending ill and unskilled Syrian refugees on to Europe while blocking the exit applications of skilled professionals.
Migrants throw rocks toward the Greek police during a scuffle at the Macedonian border, in Idomeni earlier this week. The status of around 8,500 asylum-seekers in Greece have yet to be decided
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, right, shakes hands with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, prior to their meeting at the World Humanitarian Summit in Istanbul this week
The UN refugee agency usually decides on eligibility for resettlement but Turks have reportedly excluded Syrian doctors, engineers and academics from the scheme.
A Turkish government official told the Daily Telegraph they had the 'right' to choose who stays in Turkey.
Around 400 asylum-seekers have been returned to Turkey and 177 refugees resettled in Europe, but the status of 8,500 asylum-seekers in Greece has yet to be decided.
The German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, is on the defensive over the March deal, under which Turkey is supposed to get visa-free travel and six billion euros (£4.64billion) in aid in return for stopping the flow of Syrian migrants.
She told Turkey's president this week that Ankara must fulfill all the EU's conditions before securing visa-free travel for Turkish citizens.
One of the sticking points is Turkey's human rights record and its draconian anti-terrorism laws, which have been used to target journalists and political dissidents.
The EU planned to introduce visa-free entry for Turks on June 30 but although Turkey has fulfilled most of the 72 conditions Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has refused to budge on the terrorism laws.
On March 6, Donald Trump signed a second executive order banning people from certain majority-muslim countries from entering the USA. The previous order banned citizens of seven countries: Syria, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Yemen, and Iraq, but was stopped after legal action. The new ban applies to six countries - Iraq is not included - and uses different wording in the hopes of being on firmer legal ground.
Trump and his administration have claimed that this ban is to protect Americans. How effective is this ban for that purpose? I looked at data originally collected by New America. This data is from records of criminal convictions and deaths of terrorists. The data contains terrorist activity from after 9/11 up to 2017.
The ban is supposed to protect Americans from terrorism. An obvious metric we can look at for how much harm terrorists from the banned countries do to America is looking at the number of people killed on American soil by terrorists from these countries.
Immigration control isn't going to be of much help curbing harm from terrorists, since the vast majority of terrorism-related deaths are caused by people born in America. A few were caused by people born in other countries, and absolutely none by people from the banned countries.
However, the fact that terrorists from these countries didn't kill anyone does not mean that there are no terrorists from these countries, contrary to false claims by a federal judge. I was surprised to find that quite a few terrorists come from the banned countries - 58, if we include naturalized citizens and permanent residents. However the breakdown of where they come from is interesting. The vast majority of terrorists from the banned countries come from Somalia. None came from Libya. However, of those that come from the banned countries, most are naturalized citizens or permanent residents, and thus would not have been affected by the ban (except the first ban, which originally applied to permanent residents).
It's important to put the threat foreign terrorists pose to America in context. Currently, even among Democrats, a majority of list terrorism as a top policy priority. But would we actually be significantly safer even if we somehow managed to eliminate all terrorism caused by people born outside of America?
25 deaths over 16 years is not a very large number. On average, only slightly more people die each year by foreign terrorists as from alligator attacks or during enema administrations. More than twice as many people die riding roller-coasters, and the number of people killed each year by lightning is is one and a half times greater than the total number of people killed by foreign terrorists since 9/11.
There are plenty of costs to the Muslim ban - it exacerbates the doctor shortage and it hurts U.S. science. Many worry that the move hurts intelligence gathering on terrorist organizations by hurting relations with the banned countries, making us less safe from terrorists.
In terms of protecting Americans, legislation on roller-coasters would likely be more effective at keeping Americans safe than immigration policy reform possibly could.
Sources for non-terrorism death rates:
Alligators: Wikipedia. Data for 2001-2017
Enema administration: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Data for 1999-2016.
Roller-coasters: Injury Prevention. Data for 1994-2004
Lightning: National Weather Service. Data for 2006-2013
Author: Communications
Posted on Oct 9, 2013
Category: UNB Fredericton , myUNB
The Right Honourable Paul Martin, fall 2013 University of New Brunswick honorary degree recipient, joined First Nations' community groups and educational stakeholders at The Playhouse in Fredericton on October 24 for a conversation about First Nations' education in Canada.
The Playhouse conversation was hosted by UNB and UNB Associated Alumni as part of its fall convocation ceremonies. Dr. Ann Sherman, dean of education at UNB in Fredericton, moderated a question-and-answer style conversation between the former prime minister, and the Playhouse audience.
Mr. Martin was presented with an honorary degree alongside National Chief Shawn Atleo at UNB's 2013 fall graduation ceremonies in Fredericton on October 24 at 4:30 p.m.
Aboriginal leaders have pointed to past abuses as evidence that the federal government should allow First Nations' communities to craft their own education policies. Some have lamented the fact that federal policy-makers have failed to learn key lessons from the past, even as they prepare to present the First Nation Education Act in Parliament this fall. Issues related to curriculum and pedagogical methods continue to be a factor as First Nations seek more culturally appropriate ways to engage their students. More consultation is being sought and more public discussions are needed.
The Playhouse conversation was billed as a tribute to the late Andy Scott, former minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development, MP, and Andrews senior fellow in social policy at UNB.
Paul Martin is the former prime minister of Canada and president of the Martin Aboriginal Education Initiative.
NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath along with his cabinet reached Ayodhya on Wednesday in a bid to "recreate the treta yug Diwali " and to promote the city as a tourist destination."The government has sanctioned Rs 133 crore for Ayodhya. We are taking efforts so that Uttar Pradesh becomes tourism hub for India and the world. Ayodhya has taught the lesson on humanity to the world," Adityanath said while speaking at the "Deepotsav" or Diwali celebrations in the city."Ayodhya could get its identity, and respect, we're all present here. I am grateful to all the saints and ministers and all supporters present here. Remember, Ayodhya ki itni abaadi hai, utne deep jalenge (The number of diyas to be lit today is the population of Ayodhya)," he added.Explaining the true meaning of Ram Rajya, he said, "The real meaning of Ram Rajya is a home, electricity and LPG gas cylinders for all households."He also promised to provide 24x7 electricity to the city."Diwali gives us opportunity to take oath for the betterment. This is Ram Rajya, where there is no discrimination. It was Ravan Rajya which would discriminate on the basis of caste or background," he said.The chief minister wondered as to why there were negative discussions on Ayodhya."We are making an attempt to take it from negativity to positivity. I am happy all Ayodhya residents cooperated in this endeavour," he said.Adityanath, during the event, didn't shy away from taking a dig at the Congress-led opposition in the state."There are people in this country who will oppose every good initiative. If I come to Ayodhya, they'll question that. If I don't come to Ayodhya, they'll say I'm scared of coming here," he said,adding, "We don't discriminate on the basis of caste, creed and religion. In the previous 'Ravan Raj', there was discrimination on basis of family, caste and other factors."The chief minister said he found it below dignity to even to react to "insulting and dirty" allegations levelled by the opposition.Adityanath said this was first of the four phases planned for Ayodhya."There will be beautification of Ayodhya and its ghats. This effort will continue in other historic places. Be it Kashi, Mathura, Namisharayna (Sitapur), Mirzapur, Tulsipur (Balrampur), Saharanpur, we will develop historical places. The state should become a world tourism hub and it is a beginning from Ayodhya," he said.The chief minister said he wanted to restore the ancient glory of Ayodhya. Referring to the 1.71 of earthen lamps being lit on the bank of river Sarayu, Adityanath said the figure matched the population under the Ayodhya Nagar Nigam.Officials said that the 1.71 lakh earthen lamps being lit at an event could enter the Guinness Book of World Records.In his speech, UP Deputy Chief Minister Keshav Prasad Maurya said that "those opposed to Lord Ram cannot stop us from developing Ayodhya".Adityanath said that a 'Ramayan mela' will be associated with this programme next year onwards.UP Governor Ram Naik lauded the efforts of the Adityanath government in developing Ayodhya and thanked him for this assurance that all the work would be completed in two years, before his (Naik's) tenure ends.Prominent among others present included seers, Union Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma, Union Tourism Minister KJ Alphons and BJP state chief Mahendra Nath Pandey.After the main event, the stage was set for a grand laser show and 'aarti' (worship) of river Saryu.
After reviewing the latest data comparing sanctuary cities to non-sanctuary cities in the United States, the numbers show that the urban refuges welcoming illegal alien criminals – and set up by Leftist politicians – pose a much greater danger to residents, as witnessed by higher crime rates.
As President Donald Trump continues his attempts to shut down sanctuary cities across America – which are championed by progressive mayors and Left-leaning law enforcement agencies – WND endeavored to analyze a study conducted last August that set out find the relationship between “sanctuary city” policies and crime rates.
The numbers from the study titled, “The Politics of Refuge: Sanctuary Cities, Crime and Undocumented Immigration,” which is based on crime statistics published by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) were used to support arguments that sanctuary cities are anything but safe.
“[C]ities refusing to cooperate with federal immigration authorities consistently have significantly higher violent crimes rates than do non-sanctuary cities with similar populations and demographics,” WND gleaned from the research conducted by the University of California-Riverside and Highline College in Des Moines, Washington.
Sanctuary cities no sanctuaries
However, the same study has often been used by sanctuary city advocates from the radical Left to work toward their advantage, as their selective process has made America's cities of refuge appear more safe than they really are.
“[P]roponents of ‘sanctuary cities' [frequently site the study] … and ignore or downplay one important detail – the actual crime statistics of the carefully selected cities chosen for the comparison model,” WND's Alicia Powe reported. “An analysis of the data by WND reveals that non-sanctuary cities comparable in population, size and demographics consistently – year over year – experience and report lower percentages of violent crime as well as lower percentages of property crimes.”
As many have misinterpreted what an actual sanctuary city is, the researchers conducting the study defined the term.
“[A sanctuary city is] a city or police department that has passed a resolution or ordinance expressly forbidding city or law enforcement officials from inquiring into immigration status and/or cooperation with ICE,” Benjamin Gonzalez-O'Brien, Stephen El-Khatib and Loren Collingwood, who co-authored the study maintained.
But the trio admittedly began their study assuming that they would find insignificant differences between sanctuary cities and non-sanctuary cities – a conclusion they claimed was supported by their findings.
“Since undocumented immigrants face deportation in addition to criminal charges, it is logical that they would avoid breaking the law to a greater extent than the native-born population,” the research team stated, noting in their introduction that they were confident about the similar results they will find. “We expect to see no statistically significant difference between sanctuary and non-sanctuary cities. We find it unlikely that sanctuary cities will have more crime – be it violent, property, or rape – as claimed by some political candidates and opponents of sanctuary cities.”
Setting the numbers straight
Taking a closer look at the numbers, WND revealed that sanctuary cities are not sanctuaries for the law-abiding citizens who originally inhabited them.
“However, their report buries the actual statistics,” Powe asserted. “The statistics show, from 2000 through 2014, sanctuary cities have had higher crime rates than non-sanctuary cities, with the disparity growing over time. The researchers examined 54 cities in 19 states, plus the District of Columbia – cities listed by the National Immigration Law Center that implemented sanctuary ordinances post-9/11, during or after 2002. Using city-level crime data compiled by the FBI, they assessed crime rates at the city level immediately following the implementation of a sanctuary policy.”
After matching like cities, they made a conclusion that those with a sanctuary city designation are not much different.
“Our findings provide evidence that sanctuary policies have no effect on crime rates, despite narratives to the contrary,” the researchers wrote, according to WND. “The potential benefits of sanctuary cities, such as better incorporation of the undocumented community and cooperation with police, thus have little cost for the cities in question in terms of crime.”
But the propaganda used to persuade Americans to support sanctuary cities is said to be problematic, at best.
“One of the mantras of the pro-sanctuary movement has been that the policies of non-enforcement and non-reporting of immigration violations to federal authorities would have the effect of fostering cooperation between police and city officials in matters of crime reporting and finding witnesses for prosecutions,” Powe informed.
She then exposed the misinformation disseminated by Leftists to sell their sanctuary programs.
“No data has ever been collected to suggest illegal immigrants are offering such cooperation in preventing and fighting crime in these jurisdictions,” Powe continued. “Concurrently, there is no study – scientific or anecdotal – to suggest illegal immigrants cooperate in fighting crime in these jurisdictions. At the same time, data shows criminal aliens being released by sanctuary jurisdictions commit more crimes when they get out than do non-aliens.”
The numbers also prove the researchers' conclusions wrong.
“According to the Department of Homeland Security, from January 2014 to August 2014, more than 8,145 aliens were released from jail after arrest after their respective jurisdictions declined an immigration detainer request from Immigration and Customs Enforcement,” Powe divulged. “Sixty-two percent of them had a prior criminal record, and 3,000 of them were felons. Of the 8,145 individuals released, 1,867 were subsequently re-arrested a total of 4,298 times and accumulated a staggering 7,491 charges. The Government Accountability Office released a report on April 7, 2005, that found criminal aliens comprise about 27 percent of federal prisoners.”
Most Americans oppose sanctuary cities
Even though Democrats and many Leftists champion sanctuary cities in the name of tolerance, most Americans are opposed to the costly program.
“An overwhelming majority of Americans believe that cities that arrest illegal immigrants for crimes should be required to turn them over to federal authorities,” The Hill reported.
It was divulged that Trump's crackdown on sanctuary cities is viewed by most as a welcomed idea.
“A survey from Harvard–Harris Poll provided exclusively to The Hill found that 80 percent of voters say local authorities should have to comply with the law by reporting to federal agents the illegal immigrants they come into contact with,” The Hill's Jonathan Easley announced.
But despite the opposition of four out of five Americans to the program, local officials continue to push sanctuary city programs – at taxpayers' expense.
“As it stands, hundreds of cities across the nation – many with Democratic mayors or city councils – are refusing to do so,” Easley added.
And paying to live with illegal alien criminals has proven to be quite costly.
“Trump … signed an executive order directing Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to find ways to starve these sanctuary cities of federal funding,” Easley noted several weeks back. “A Reuters analysis found the top 10 sanctuary cities in the U.S. receive $2.27 billion in federal funding for programs ranging from public health services to early childhood education.”
Refusing to listen to the president or the majority of Americans, Texas' Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez – who was sworn in as the elected head of the Travis County Sheriff's Department earlier this year – was quick to adopt a policy of anti-cooperation that restricts her department from complying to virtually any (ICE) detainer requests.
“The public must be confident that local law enforcement is focused on local public safety – not on federal immigration enforcement,” Hernandez proclaimed, according to The Daily Signal.
But the thinking behind sanctuary cities is argued to defy common sense.
“No community of decent people – citizens, illegal immigrants or otherwise – wants to live in a society beset by violence and social dysfunction,” The Daily Signal's Scott Erickson insisted. “Stripping local law enforcement of the ability to merely cooperate with their federal counterparts on issues as plain as the removal of a dangerous criminal jeopardizes the safety of all law-abiding individuals.”
He contends that the Texas sheriff's naivety of buying into misleading sanctuary city propaganda needlessly puts innocent lives at risk.
“Hernandez and her refusal to cooperate with ICE on the removal of an individual accused of sexual assault against a child demonstrates the absurdity of those devoted to a dogmatic faith in sanctuary cities,” Erickson added. “Clarity and perspective should rule the day – especially when public safety is at stake.”
Center for Immigration Studies Director of Public Studies Jessica Vaughan insists that mayors subject residents to more crime when they declare their cities as sanctuary refuges for illegal alien criminals.
“Sanctuary policies don't actually work – they are just an excuse for the political objections that they have for immigration enforcement,” Vaughan impressed, according to WND. “Cops will tell you that the main way they solve crimes is by evidence – not necessarily relying on witnesses.”
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke also comes down hard against sanctuary cities.
“We are not a nation of immigrants,” Clarke told WND. “We are a nation of laws. When they can't construct and build out an argument, the Left resort to name-calling. I'm tired of people who are on the Left trying to mix this up, talking about lawful immigration verses illegal immigration.”
Rob Baur is generally a straightforward, sensible man. A senior operations analyst at an Oregon sewage treatment utility company, he's responsible for research and development in the wastewater field, something he's been doing for 33 years. ‘I've had one wife, one employer', he says, ‘try to keep it simple.' He's a liberal sort of fellow who loves The Simpsons .
It's the latter point that has given Rob Baur 15 minutes of fame that have lasted seven years. In 2003, inspired by an episode of The Simpsons , he grafted together a tobacco root and a tomato stem to make ‘tomacco'.
In ‘E-I E-I D'oh' (episode 231, first aired November 1999) Homer invents giant tomacco plants that taste disgusting but are completely addictive (‘That's horrible!' says Bart as he spits one onto the floor: ‘I want another one!').
Baur's tomacco, on the other hand, has made him something of a Simpsons legend and given him a story to dine out on to this day (at wastewater conferences, he says, he often gets introduced as ‘Mr Tomacco'). After the plant produced its first fruit, he sent a press release about what he'd done to a local television station, thinking they might find it reasonably funny.
Before long, people at The Simpsons heard about what Baur had done and invited him and his family to their offices. Baur had thought that one of the writing staff had probably read an article – as he had – in a mid-Seventies edition of Scientific American , in which a researcher grafted tobacco and tomato together. The idea was to show that you could grow tobacco leaves with no nicotine (which comes from the plant's roots).
The writer of the tomacco episode was Ian Maxtone-Graham, who'd come up with the storyline as a satire on big tobacco. Baur gave Maxtone-Graham a tomacco he managed to grow, and Maxtone-Graham ate it.
Part of Baur's intention in growing his tomacco was to poke fun at the tobacco industry. When he first read the article in Scientific American, he was moved: ‘I thought, wow, you could grow tobacco with no nicotine and prove the lie that people smoke for the flavour. They're smoking for this insecticide, nicotine.'
His parents were both smokers: his mother died of lung cancer and his father had a lung removed when he got the disease as well. Watching the episode of The Simpsons reminded him of all of that – not the sort of epiphany you can imagine getting from an episode of, say, Family Guy.
Love, sex, and relationships are all central themes of the CW's Jane the Virgin. I mean, let's not forget the original premise of the show. Over the course of the show's 4-ish seasons, Jane has been romantically involved to some degree with a handful of men. And none of them are thrown into the story by accident. Some are clearly better than others, both in terms of personality and purpose. But who is the best? Well, we're here to tell you. But let's start with the men who weren't meant-to-be.
7. Dennis
Nothing against Dennis, he's a good guy. But he and Jane were never meant to be together. He was Michael's co-worker and she rightfully wondered if she was interested in him just to try to keep Michael's spirit alive. But they aren't compatible and are awkward together. They aren't really a match and quickly, but maturely, end things. Dennis's role in Jane's story is important though, as he is the first guy Jane dates after Michael's passing.
6. Sam
Poor Sam didn't have much of a chance. As a quick refresher, Sam is the hunky book nerd who Jane crushed on for 17 months before he asked her out the day after her 21st birthday (i.e. when she and Michael met). They have the same interests, and he knows that Jane likes to know the end of stories before she reads them. Seems like a match made in heaven, right? Not necessarily. If you remember, Jane briefly tried to date both him and Michael at the same time, but that didn't really work out. Nothing against Sam, but he basically just seemed like a device used to bolster Jane and Michael's relationship. Jane is a hopeless romantic and even this seemingly perfect guy wasn't right for Jane because they want to make it clear that she was meant to end up with Michael.
5. Fabian
Fabian is pretty terrible. Sure he had his moments of endearment when his relationship with Jane began, but don't be fooled by the “nice guy” persona. Those are the ones to watch out for. Because truthfully, he's shallow, selfish, vengeful. And he called Jane a slut. So he sucks. But that's also kind of the point because it is what he represents that is important to Jane and her character development. It is her fling with Fabian where she changes her attitudes about sex (KEY to the show and her character) and is again open to the idea of being with someone after Michael's death. So his story and presence are important, but he personally is terrible.
4. Jonathan
Jane's fling with her grad school professor was short but steamy. There was definite long-term potential between the two. They had similar interests and clear chemistry, but he also challenged her, which was refreshing to see. Relationships don't have to be all dreamy and fairytale-like to be good. But ultimately, she is not ready to be with him (plus, she loves Michael, even if she wasn't sure at this point).
3. Adam
An old flame sweeping in at just the right moment is so fitting for Jane the Virgin, it hurts. I mean, not even Jane Villanueva could have written this story (jk, she totally could). You just can't help but feel warm and fuzzy when the two reconnect and sync up like no time has passed at all. Plus, it just feels so good to see Jane happy and to have things go right for her. Adam really cares about Jane and even surprises her by designing her book cover. And that dance he does with Mateo? SWOON. But now, he's moving to LA??? It all seemed too good to be true. So his future with Jane is unclear, his ranking might change…
2. Rafael
Even as an avid Jane the Virgin fan, sometimes I have to re-read episode recaps to remember where Jane and Rafael stand. The constant “will they or won't they” theme runs throughout the entire series, and sometimes I can't even keep up. But at the end of the day, Jane and Raf truly care for and love each other, even when they aren't romantically involved. And I love that. But adding in the Petra component always makes feelings confusing as well. Overall, I'm a fan of Jane and Rafael, regardless of where they stand romantically. Plus, he is her baby daddy… but would it be cheesy if they end up together? Undecided.
1. Michael
I was #TeamMichael from the beginning. Maybe I am blinded by his charm and winning smile, but how can you not be? He certainly has his flaws, but I do think he and Jane were the best match. All signs indicate that he is her true love, and you can't help but get teary-eyed whenever he is brought up in current episodes. Ugh, my heart.
The frequent plot twists and character developments in the show make this list subject to change. Who do you think is the best guy for Jane?
READ THIS NEXT
The Fantasy Elements of ‘Jane the Virgin' Are the Unsung Heroes of the Show
Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation is a film that sets a new precedent for excellence in the Mission Impossible series. A feat that is surprisingly rather difficult to accomplish as, upon reflection, I realized that they are all really quite good. To accomplish being so damn exceptional, Rogue Nation manages to succeed on every level. The script is tight, witty, and self aware. The action is intense and spectacular without becoming unbelievable. The performances are delightful and engaging. And the cinematography (a particular passion of mine) is, simply put, beautiful. The end result is a gorgeous spy thriller that achieves everything 2012's tremendously overblown Skyfall tried to do.
Rogue Nation was written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie. If the name is not familiar to you, he is the same man who wrote The Usual Suspects. If The Usual Suspects is not familiar to you, stop reading this review immediately and go watch it. The key to any good film is a good script, and McQuarrie's script twists and turns with both the elegance and balance of a ballerina. The story follows, once again, Tom Cruise's Ethan Hunt as he pursues a nefarious international criminal syndicate known as… The Syndicate. Joining him are familiar faces Jeremy Renner, Simon Pegg, and Ving Rhames, as well as new comers Rebecca Ferguson and Alec Baldwin (albeit as a pseudo-antagonist).
Let me interject for a moment to give my personal opinion of Tom Cruise. Is he a hit-or-miss actor who has starred in some truly awful films? Yes. Is he a Scientologist who therefore believes that negative emotions are the result of alien souls being trapped in our bodies after being nuked from space? Undoubtedly. But did he really actually for reals strap himself onto a plane and hang onto it for this film? You're god damn right he did. Tom Cruise is perfect for the role of Ethan Hunt. He plays him with a wry sense of fun counterbalanced with a relentless intensity of drive and purpose that makes the character really blossom. The perpetually dour Daniel Craig's James Bond should take notes. One would think that endless martinis and trysts with gorgeous women would make a body cheerful but apparently not. But I digress.
Opposite of Cruise is the leader of The Syndicate, Solomon Lane, played by Sean Harris. Harris's performance is my favorite part about this movie. He plays Lane as one of the best villains I can remember. On par with Javier Bardem's Anton Chigurgh from No Country for Old Men or Christoph Waltz's Hans Landa from Inglorious Bastards. So many villains in films of this genre come across as impotent buffoons whose convoluted schemes only succeed because it is necessary for them to succeed in order to advance the plot of the film. Solomon Lane is not an impotent buffoon. He is a devious and capable villain, a chess master who is always one move ahead. Having a villain of this caliber gives the film a real sense of danger and urgency and Sean Harris's depiction of Lane as a soft-spoken, slightly effeminate, perpetually grimacing, and intensely polite psychopath gives gravity to the character that McQuarrie wrote.
As the action jumps around the globe, from Belarus to London to Casa Blanca to Vienna, the plot weaves its way through Ethan Hunt's impossible mission. All of it is framed in Robert Elswit's stunning cinematography. A locked room being filled with white smoke, a chase through an ongoing opera, a knife fight under streetlights. Those are just a few examples of scenes with top notch use of color, lighting, and mise en scene. Unsurprising really, as Elswit is also responsible for the cinematography of There Will Be Blood and Nightcrawler.
It has become rare (although increasingly less so with this film and the latest Mad Max) for a summer action flick to also be a good film. Rogue Nation is absolutely a good film. It transcends the simple fun of the action genre by putting all of the vital pieces of a film into place. It has a tongue-in-cheek self awareness that doesn't push itself into becoming too campy performed to perfection by the entire cast and crew. I'm still flabbergasted with just how good it was, and heartily recommend that you see it at.
Verdict: 9.5/10
Advertisements
Egyptomania! Volume 57 Number 1, January/February 2004 by Bob Brier
What accounts for our intoxication with things Egyptian?
Sigmund Freud, the founder of psychoanalysis, was hooked on Egypt. His desk was covered with a small army of Egyptian gods, goddesses, and noblemen. Over the famous couch hung a print of Rameses the Great's temple at Abu Simbel. Fragments of mummy cases were suspended from the bookcase. What was it about Egypt that attracted Freud so strongly? In a letter to a lifelong friend, Freud confessed that he had "picked up a few Egyptian antiquities. These things put me in a good mood and speak to me of distant times and lands." Freud is not alone in that.
I succumbed to Egyptomania decades ago. My life has been spent studying ancient Egypt, but that doesn't explain why my house is packed with Egyptian kitsch-pseudo-Egyptian lamps, teapots decorated with hieroglyphs and crocodiles, and mummy movie posters on the walls. Do used-car salesmen have their walls plastered with vintage ads for Model Ts or Edsels? It is easy to be consumed by Egyptomania, but far harder to explain it.
Our fascination with ancient Egypt and its appearance in popular culture stems from several factors. There is, foremost, the civilization's antiquity. One of the first to suffer from Egyptomania was Herodotus, the Greek historian and tourist who visited Egypt around 450 B.C., when the pyramids and sphinx at Giza were already two thousand years old. In his Histories he exclaims that "nowhere are there so many marvels in the world." Of the Egyptians he wrote, "They have existed ever since men existed upon the earth." Herodotus was clearly fascinated by this almost mythical antiquity.
For an ancient civilization to have an impact on modern culture, it must also be accessible. That's where Egyptian art comes in, as a window through which everybody, not just scholars, can see something of life along the Nile thousands of years ago. There are statues of gods and goddesses, reliefs of pharaohs and queens, and tomb paintings with scenes of daily activities. And what do people look for in this inviting ancient landscape? Egyptomania seems to have three focal points: the Egyptian pursuit of immortality, a belief that the Egyptians had secret or profound knowledge, and simple escapism.
Modern history, too, has added to the Egyptomaniacal mix. In the 1820s, the encyclopedic Description de l'Égypte, compiled by the scholars who had accompanied Napoleon's expedition, brought the monuments and people of the Nile to the European public. In the 1840s, steamships made travel to Egypt convenient, bringing tourists there and unleashing a flood of travel books eagerly read by those who could not afford the journey. Finally, in 1922, King Tut's tomb and its treasure were discovered. These events brought Egypt to the masses, and the masses to Egypt, fueling Egyptomania.
Bob Brier is an Egyptologist on the C.W. Post Campus of Long Island University and contributing editor of ARCHAEOLOGY.
Further Reading
Korean animation, or aeni (; Korean: 애니), has become an industry that produces characters for other countries' companies, exports its creations globally and generates billions of dollars in profits.
Korean animation Hangul 애니 Revised Romanization aeni McCune–Reischauer aeni
Etymology [ edit ]
The word aeni comes from the English word "animation" as written in Hangeul, 애니메이션 (aenimeisyeon), similar to Japanese アニメーション (animēshon). Just like anime, aenimeisyeon was shortened to aeni and is the term generally used to refer to Korean animation both in Korea and outside of the country.
History [ edit ]
The Korean animation industry was in a period of crisis throughout the 2000s. Depression at the reality of being an industry that the West merely gave factory-type drawing to began to sink in. This followed the 1990s, a period of explosive growth for the industry when Korean studios made most of their profits from OEM, mostly from the United States.[citation needed]
In many ways, 2011 was a bright transitional year for Korean animation, with home-produced animated feature films finally finding box office success in South Korea, instead of facing the usual financial failure. As far as overseas export market is concerned, the likes of Rough Draft Korea (RDK) kept on landing new contracts, which have seen Rough Draft perform the manual work on over 45 popular Western cartoon titles over 16 years.[1]
Korean animation has boomed in popularity in Eastern Asia with the success of the series Pororo the Little Penguin and Origami Warriors in 2011, leaving fans wanting to discover more Korean animations. This success is due in part to perfecting the Korean animation technique, and financial returns being reinvested into new animated products.[citation needed]
Some Korean animators still blame the booming Korean game industry for draining the animation industry's talent pool, but the box office success of the Korean animated film Leafie[2] in 2011 in South Korea is inspiring a new generation.[citation needed]
Animation industry [ edit ]
Animation contracts for Korean animation studios range from collaboration/minor contribution contracts, to most of the work. The South Korean animation industry can be considered dynamic as there are more than a hundred animation studios. While it is mostly firms in South Korea that contract with Western studios, some of the work is reported to be subcontracted to North Korea as well.
Korean animation characters in public spaces [ edit ]
Tayo bus 'Rudolph'
Larva subway was a subway based on and featured a Larva character. It operated from November 2014 until May 2015 on line No. 2. The Seoul government and Metro explained that they wanted to give citizens a chance to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the subways opening. [3]
was a subway based on and featured a Larva character. It operated from November 2014 until May 2015 on line No. 2. The Seoul government and Metro explained that they wanted to give citizens a chance to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the subways opening. Tayo buses were organized by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, the Bus Transport Business Association, and the animation company which made Tayo the Little Bus for the Public Transportation Day. In 2014, the Seoul Metropolitan Government commissioned buses designed as the characters of Tayo the Little Bus to go around the Gwanghwamun Square area of the city. [4]
were organized by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, the Bus Transport Business Association, and the animation company which made Tayo the Little Bus for the Public Transportation Day. In 2014, the Seoul Metropolitan Government commissioned buses designed as the characters of Tayo the Little Bus to go around the Gwanghwamun Square area of the city. In 2014, statues of Larva and Pororo the Little Penguin were installed in World Park, which is a square in the Lotte World II Hotel. They were well received by citizens and tourist.[5]
Market [ edit ]
In 2010, according to the Korea Creative Content Agency, the Korean market share of domestic characters was about 28% and the remaining 72% was for foreign characters, such as those from Japan and USA. In 2012, experts predicted that the total market size would grow to 10 trillion won (about 9 billion dollars in July 2018) in the near future .[6] In 2014, the domestic character market share soared to 40% and its value in 2013 had reached 8 trillion won (about 7 billion dollars).
Korean characters as international business [ edit ]
Before the emergence of Korean domestic characters, characters that enjoyed popularity were mostly from the United States and Japan.[7] However, as the industry matured and grew in size, domestic characters received preference not just domestically but also internationally.
See also [ edit ]
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Last night, Senate Democrats held an all night “talkathon.” It was a lame attempt to persuade another Republican to join them in protest against Betsy DeVos and her “radical” views. Sen. Tim Scott actually spoke, but not against DeVos. He actually told his colleagues why he was supporting her.
“I believe she will help to improve public education,” Scott said. “For too many of our children a quality public education … is simply not happening.”
The teachers unions hate DeVos because she wants to promote school choice. They don't want to surrender any kind of control. They don't actually care about education. It's about power, control and money.
Despite the Democrats' protest, the Senate just voted. Vice President Mike Pence broke the tie, officially confirming DeVos as Secretary of Education.
History made.
A few weeks ago I previewed Zillion Whales' Mushroom Wars 2 at Play NYC 2017. I sat down with the developers and played a couple of rounds of the game using a controller and learning how things worked. The game has since been released on Steam, and while playing on PC is a bit different due to the control scheme, it's fundamentally the same game.
Right off the bat, the first thing that makes Mushroom Wars 2 stand out a bit is the focus on buildings. Your units do not fight one another as they would in most real-time strategy games; the core focus centers around the structures in fixed positions on the map. Sure, you can build towers that will attack enemy units within their range or you could use one of your hero abilities to affect enemy units, but the core of the game centers around controlling static points.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaPiMr4l41M
The three main types of buildings are Villages (which produce units), Forges (which enhance the attack and defense of your units), and Towers (which fire at enemies in range and are a bit tougher to capture). Villages automatically produce more units for you over time and can be upgraded three times for faster production and a larger maximum population. Forges don't produce units at all, and while having more is better, the diminishing returns on the power increases mean that you'll rarely need more than one or two (if at all). Towers don't produce units either, but their offensive capabilities make them ideal for holding chokepoints on maps and acting as staging areas for attacking enemy structures.
Aside from the core buildings, Mushroom Wars 2 has two special buildings that apply in other game modes. Conquest is your standard “capture every building to win” that RTS players are well familiar with. Domination features special mushroom towers that rapidly generate units when captured; players must attempt to capture and hold all the towers on the map to win. King of the Hill has shorter, chunkier towers that act similarly in terms of production but are mechanically different for the game mode. Each tower you hold reduces your score ever closer to zero, and the first person to reach zero wins.
Some maps also have special buildings or features that mix the game up a bit. There are floor tiles that increase or completely stop unit production, tiles that speed up or reduce movement and buildings that change the way you move units around entirely such as wind pushers or caves that act like Nydus Canals in Starcraft. The 40 multiplayer maps that launched with the game's Steam version rarely feature these buildings; you're more likely to encounter them in your time playing through the game's 100 campaign missions.
Mushroom Wars 2 has a campaign split into two episodes with 50 levels apiece (plus seven tutorial levels in the first campaign, some of which aren't strictly necessary to play). Episode 1 (titled Mosquito of a Dead Man) has you playing as the more “normal” Mushroom warriors looking to fend off invading forces and quell insurrection within your adorable little mushroom realm. Episode 2 (titled Pahom's Rachitis) has you take on the role of what can only be described as “zombie mushrooms” as you engage in a quest for power and conquest. Each campaign lets you choose between two heroes from that particular race, each with their own abilities.
It's a shame that the campaign only features two heroes each and doesn't touch on the other two races since each hero provides a different gameplay experience. For example, Klotz of the zombie mushrooms has the Exchange ability which allows you to trade buildings with an enemy. This could let you deploy a fully loaded tower in the heart of enemy territory while simultaneously stealing one of their own buildings by isolating it from their reinforcements. Some abilities enhance buildings (such as Kenor's Explosive Shell, which increases the damage of a Tower's weapon for a short time) and some affect the battlefield (such as Marty-O's “Energy Shield” which kills up to 150 enemy units passing through it). The game provided plenty of campaign missions, but it would have been nice to touch on the experiences of the other races, too. Perhaps we'll see them in an expansion pack or DLC in the future.
The majority of the campaign missions offer four difficulty levels. I beat most of the missions on Medium difficulty and only brought it down to Easy when I had lost a few times. Even on the easier difficulty setting, some missions were a challenge. While rolling about with a deathball of hundreds of units is viable in a game like Starcraft II, but it's less useful in Mushroom Wars 2. Once your units sally out of a building to attack, they're committed. Your opponent can't see where they're heading, although they can try to take a guess and reinforce buildings appropriately. Nothing really stops you from sending out multiple attacks at the same time, and my experience is that feints and counter-attacks while a big battle is going on can help you reshape the battlefield to your advantage. There's not much pain in losing a Level 3 Village if you can capture two buildings on the enemy's flank.
One of the areas I take issue with in Mushroom Wars 2 is the way that units deploy. You can choose to send out 100%, 75%, 50%, or 25% of a garrison of one or more buildings (if you've chosen to bandbox and select a bunch). This is a good way to keep deploying simple, but the way the controls and interface work feels unintuitive to me. 1-4 on the number row are bound to 25-100% in ascending order while the numbers are presented in descending order on the screen (from 100 down to 25). It felt a bit confusing to me, and I wish that the option to flip the numbers on the UI and rebind the keys existed so that I could rearrange things to a way that made more sense. In fact, you cannot rebind keys at all in Mushroom Wars 2. The default controls aren't completely terrible, but some users appreciate the ability to customize and it's not great to lack the option to rebind keys in a modern video game.
Another minor problem I had with the campaign was the sheer imbalance of unit distribution. Many of the missions are set up asymmetrically, so you might have one building with 100 units in it and your opponent(s) will have 3 buildings with 40 units each, essentially giving them a starting numerical advantage as well as a production advantage. While this seemed unfair at the beginning, I believe it was probably necessary to give the AI a fighting chance. I've found that it was possible to bait the AI into attacking certain structures (such as Forges) by moving units around, although I generally avoided using these kinds of cheesy tactics. There were also more than a few instances where the AI came to a complete standstill and wouldn't make any moves at all, essentially waiting for me to make the first move. Even towards the end, it was rare for the AI to attempt a desperation maneuver on a weaker structure. I feel this is an area that could do with a bit of improvement, but even with these flaws, I found the campaign missions engaging and challenging.
The campaign is plenty entertaining, but any real-time strategy game's longevity lies in its multiplayer. The beginning of my time with the PC version of Mushroom Wars 2 involved playing through various multiplayer modes and with different heroes on stream. Kevin and I had plenty of fun figuring things out and occasionally messing around with one another.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ev6wFKgI454
Mushroom Wars 2 seems to be in it for the long haul with multiplayer. Aside from the standard custom games, they have a ranked 1v1 system and support for replays. The game saves each and every one of your matches (even the casual ones) for future viewing. There have even been a few tournaments hosted through ESL such as this recent one and one hosted in May for the iOS version of the game. I do feel that multiplayer misses out by not having a Play Vs. AI option, although that feature is coming in an update very soon after the Steam launch. It would have been better to have this at launch.
Whether you're playing single-player or multiplayer, the core of the game seems similar to any other RTS: establish your production, control choke points, and hit targets of opportunity. Being able to manage multiple attacks and counter-attacks is the major focal point for playing well, and I would love to see what high-level professional games would look like. A set of featured replays offers a glance into some of the better gamers playing Mushroom Wars 2; while it's very interesting, I feel that we've just scratched the surface in seeing the limits of the game pushed.
Graphically, Mushroom Wars 2 features simple and clean visuals. It's easy enough to tell what's going at at a glance and that's important for when you need to make a split-second decision about mustering an attack to hit a target of opportunity or defend one of your structures The game's well-made cinematics wordlessly tell a story of mushroomy strife, conquest, and revenge with a lovely art style.
The music of the game is where the artistic bits of the game really shine. The game's music sounds much like any other epic orchestral score in a fantasy RTS or strategy game, but the choice of instruments gives it a diminutive feel which is all the more appropriate considering the rather tiny size of the soldiery. I did encounter one bug with the music where the game's BGM would continue to play over the victory music during the campaign, resulting in a jumbled auditory mess.
The last area of the game I'd like to speak on is the maps. Most of them felt well-designed in terms of their flow and positioning of buildings. The extra environmental features are a nice touch that livens up the standard gameplay every now and again. However, a few maps in both campaign and multiplayer had movement paths that were a bit difficult to figure out at a glance. I often found myself hit from a direction that didn't clearly seem like traversable terrain, and this could have been more obvious in these specific instances.
I've played Mushroom Wars 2 with a controller for about a half hour and 25 hours on PC with a mouse and keyboard. (I have yet to try the mobile versions of the game.) Between the two control schemes, I preferred mouse & keyboard, but the controller gameplay was serviceable enough. It's certainly not as difficult to play as something like Starcraft 64 was.
Mushroom Wars 2 makes for an interesting casual RTS experience that nonetheless provides plenty of depth for people who really want to get into the game. If you enjoy RTS games or you would like to get into them, this will make for a fun, quick experience that won't drive you up a wall or eat up 45 minutes of your time in a stalemate.
Our Mushroom Wars 2 review was conducted on PC via Steam with a code provided by the developers. It is also available on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Android, and iOS.
What do you think of Mushroom Wars 2? Do you prefer RTSes that are mechanically simple or are you more interested in the games with greater complexity? Let us know in the comments below!
7.5 Very Good Summary Mushroom Wars 2 is a simpler-than-average real-time strategy that nonetheless possesses a good bit of a depth and has potential for competitive play. Pros Easy To Understand Game Mechanics
Robust Multiplayer, Competitive, & Replay Systems
Adorable Art Style Cons Inability To Rebind Keys/Change UI
Campaign Only Features 4/12 Heroes
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs was a good sport today as he modeled a Team Canada hockey jersey at his briefing, paying off a bet placed on the Olympic gold medal hockey game last month.
Gibbs joked his attire "does signal casual Friday" at the White House, before turning around to show his last name and the No. 39 on the back of the red-and-white jersey featuring an iconic maple leaf.
To recap the wager: Gibbs said he'd wear a Canadian jersey to a news briefing if the Canadians won, and counterpart Dmitri Soudas, spokesman for Prime Minister Stephen Harper, would wear the U.S. jersey if the Americans won. Sadly, Team USA lost, but the Americans did have an impressive, record-setting medal haul at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Gibbs said he wanted to wear the No. 39 in honor of Ryan Miller, the U.S. team goalie and Buffalo Sabres star who was named Most Valuable Player of the Tournament.
The surprise for the assembled reporters -- and those watching on cable and the Internet -- was when Gibbs took off his Canadian jersey to display a blue Team USA jersey hidden underneath. The U.S. jersey bore the number 10, which Gibbs said was in honor of the 2010 Winter Olympics. Gibbs took most of his questions today wearing the U.S. jersey.
By the way, Gibbs said President Obama will pay off his own Olympic bet with Harper. One case each of Molson, Canada's favorite brew, and Yuengling, from America's oldest brewery in Pottsville, Pa., will be delivered to Harper. Gibbs joked that Soudas might be drinking the beer himself.
(Posted by Catalina Camia)
Columnist Charles Krauthammer dubbed the Clinton Foundation “a gigantic access influence machine” on Wednesday's “O'Reilly Factor” on the Fox News Channel.
“It's big and it's bad, but there's one problem for those of us who are concerned about it, she burned the tapes. She eliminated the emails” he said.
Krauthammer added, “the problem is the Clintons. The problem is a whole array, of where they walk the line, they collect huge amounts. Look, you know, the first story that we heard about, was that Algeria gave a lot of money for the Haitian rescue after the earthquake. Well, tell me why the Algerian Ambassador cannot pick up the phone and call the Haitian Embassy for a direct sending of the check. Why does it have to go through the Clinton Foundation? We all know why it does. It goes through the Clinton Foundation to buy access and influence. This is a gigantic access influence machine. Again, there may not be enough evidence or explicit evidence of a criminal quid pro quo, but this is simply shady.”
Krauthammer concluded, “you have to have a little bit more than that to go to a criminal case. And itt's in the criminal case where you'd be able to issue subpoenas. In the absence of that, the Clintons are clever, they cover their tracks.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
The Rest Must Step Aside and Support Ted Cruz
On his radio show Wednesday morning, Glenn and his posse, Pat, Stu and Jeffy, did a recap of the Super Tuesday results. Everyone now knows that despite Trump winning 7 States, his night was not the runaway success he predicted and that pundits touted the day after.
As it stands today, before this weekend's five primaries, the delegate count is relatively close – less than 100 delegates separate Trump and Cruz. Then there are the other three, Rubio, Kasich and Carson. Combined, the bottom three doesn't even come close to Cruz's delegate count, much less Trump's.
So that would lead any thinking person to conclude that there is, as Ben Carson said, “no way forward” for any of these three. Try as he may, Rubio can attempt to put lipstick on his pig of a campaign, but it won't change the facts. And they are that there is no way for him to win.
Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet
Carson has admitted his campaign is going nowhere, yet we must wait until today for an official announcement during his speech at CPAC – I guess. Everyone expects him to announce – but with this guy – who knows. It's very odd. One would expect most of his votes would revert to Cruz, but again – who knows.
Then there's Kasich. Did you know he was the son of a Mailman? If you didn't, you'd be the only one. He, like Rubio, appears to be hanging on until his state's primary on March 15. He obviously is going nowhere but I guess he wants to prove he can win his state. Ohio has historically been an important general election state. Perhaps, if he shows he can win there, Trump will tag him for V.P. Otherwise he's just wasting everyone's time.
Marco Rubio, in his heart of hearts, has to know he can't win. I agree with Beck that left to his own devices he would drop out. But he's surrounded himself with the establishment brain-trust who is filling his head with phony visions of grandeur. If the polls are anywhere close, he will be swamped on the 15th in his home state, and then it really will be over.
Unfortunately, if he waits until then to finally concede, it will be too late. The 15th has 6 winner-take-all races. If Trump wins them, it's over – for everyone.
So again, I agree with Beck when he says Rubio and Carson must withdraw immediately and coalesce behind Cruz. Beck says despite their differences, Cruz should ask Rubio to be his running mate. Will he do it? Cruz might – he may have already. Would Rubio agree to it? That's rather doubtful, but for the good of the nation, he certainly should.
Again the problem goes back to Rubio's brain-trust – the beltway establishment boys who would rue the day Cruz ever became Chief Executive. As Beck said – there's too much money and power concentrated in Washington and these guys are not going to give that up for God or Country or anything. Beck says Cruz would say to them: “Get out. Get out. All of this is unconstitutional, get out. Let's listen to the people.” The beltway leaches would never stand for that. They will support anyone but Cruz – even Trump – even Hillary.
The only shot we have at derailing The Donald is to unite behind Cruz – develop an unstoppable “Dream Team.” To do so would mean offering them each a position in a Cruz administration. This would not be difficult as many ex-candidates have a lot to offer. Beck says he would tap Rubio as V.P. I agree. He says Rand Paul would make an excellent Treasury Secretary. I certainly agree with that. Carson should be promoted to become the new Florida Senator, taking Rubio's seat. That or Surgeon General and heading up the healthcare transition back to the private sector. Heck, I might even tap Carly Fiorina for Secretary of State.
Beck added that he would select Mike Lee to become the next Supreme Court Justice. I agree, although I would rather keep him in the Senate and ask Mark Levin to fill the vacancy.
As Ted Cruz has said since Iowa – he is the only one who has and can defeat Donald Trump – Rubio's paltry Minnesota win not withstanding. No one else has even a remote shot. But Cruz can't do it alone. For the good of the republic, this coalescence must happen – and fast.
Also see,
But College is Free in Europe
You Might Like
U.S. adult-use marijuana sales rose 184% in the past year, according to a new report from New Frontier and ArcView Market Research.
ArcView's estimate for the legal cannabis industry is $5.4 billion for 2015, a big jump from 2014's $4.6 billion. Most of that increase is due to the incredible growth of recreational marijuana sales which grew from $351 million in 2014 to $998 million in 2015, a 184% increase.
“It is undeniable that cannabis is one of the fastest growing industry in the U.S. Twenty-three states already permit medical cannabis use, along with four states and the District of Columbia allowing full adult use. With nearly a dozen states debating changes to their cannabis laws in the coming year, 2016 will be the tipping point in which a majority of U.S. states transition from cannabis prohibition to some form of regulated legal market,” said New Frontier CEO and Founder Giadha DeCarcer.
Part of the growth can be attributed to American's quickly changing attitudes toward pot. In 2005, only 36% of Americans supported legalization, now 58% approve according to a Gallup poll. ArcView believes that the compound annual growth rate for marijuana sales including medical and recreational between 2014 and 2020 will be 30%.
Colorado was the first state to take the plunge and reaped $135 million in cannabis taxes and licensing fee in 2015, a 77 % increase over 2014. Even in a state like Washington that was beset with problems as its program was initiated managed to generate $70 million in tax revenues in its first year. Those tax dollars have prompted seven more states to vote on recreational marijuana laws this year.
“Many in the business and financial sector have taken a ‘wait and see' approach to the legal cannabis industry. The new data confirms what pioneer investors and entrepreneurs suspected. Legalization of cannabis is one of the greatest business opportunities of our time and it's still early enough to see huge growth,” said ArcView Group CEO Troy Dayton.
Looking ahead, New Frontier and ArcView belive there will be more competition on price as new growers enter the market. They also think there will be an increased emphasis on compliance and regulation. Since almost every state varies widely in its own particular rules, staying within the rules is becoming big business for ancillary cannabis companies.
The report wasn't all rainbows and unicorns. It noted that cannabis is the most energy intensive of all agricultural crops produced in the U.S. Since most marijuana is grown indoors, the industry consumes 1% of the country's electrical output at a cost of $6 billion annually. The report says that this unrestrained use of energy cannot be sustained in legal cannabis markets.
New Frontier is based in Washington DC and provides comprehensive reporting for the cannabis industry. The ArcView Group connects investors with cannabis companies and has helped put more than $64 million behind 103 companies.
PHOENIX — When Conor Mullee was approached at his locker on Monday, he apologized for not being able to speak with a reporter at the moment. There was a pitchers' meeting in four minutes, and he could not afford to be late.
“I'm just trying to keep my head down and do my work and figure out how things work here,” Mullee said when he returned about 20 minutes later.
He was not the only player in the Yankees' clubhouse this month to face a steep learning curve. For all the familiar names there, like C. C. Sabathia, Alex Rodriguez, Mark Teixeira, Jacoby Ellsbury and Carlos Beltran, there has also been a steady stream of little-known players like Mullee, 28, a rookie who overcame three elbow operations before being called up last week from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
The Yankees have used the last few spots on their 25-man roster to shuffle players to and from Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, not only because of injuries — in addition to Rodriguez, Sabathia and Luis Severino, who are on the disabled list, Ellsbury and Teixeira have missed several games — but also to fill specific needs game to game.
Many accidents could be avoided if everyone had their car side and rearview mirrors positioned correctly, eliminating blind spots and making it easier to change lanes quickly. This illustration from Car and Driver shows how your car mirrors should be positioned.
The recommendations for how your mirrors should be adjusted come from the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE):
The paper advocates adjusting the mirrors so far outward that the viewing angle of the side mirrors just overlaps that of the cabin's rearview mirror. This can be disorienting for drivers used to seeing the flanks of their own car in the side mirrors. But when correctly positioned, the mirrors negate a car's blind spots. This obviates the need to glance over your shoulder to safely change lanes as well as the need for an expensive blind-spot warning system.
Advertisement
Here's the full illustration from Car and Driver (click to expand):
If your side mirrors right now reflect some of your own car, best adjust them so you can avoid blind spots and the accidents they cause.
Advertisement
How To: Adjust Your Mirrors to Avoid Blind Spots | Car and Driver
Computer scientists at MIT's CSAIL program have developed a novel defense against an old yet still omnipresent programming fuckup: allowing software users to overrun the (physical) limits of an allocated memory address. This is a vulnerability beloved by hackers and one that often leads to programmer self-sabotage via innocent yet catastrophic errors. Potential overruns are highly adept at code camouflage and notoriously difficult to debug.
In the age of anything-goes poser-proof JavaScript it's probably a bit too easy to forget about the actual guts of computing and its rules and persistent breakability, which are still governed by wires and electricity and binary bits. That's the risk of programming at super-high levels (with large amounts of coder-friendly abstraction and interpretation, like JavaScript)—buying into the illusion of limitless machines. And one of the more profound limits of these machines is in data types. Some data types can stash more information than others, and it's here that we find our old-school bug: data overflow. It only takes one to sink an entire program.
From x86 assembly code to JavaScript to Processing, programming is all about variables. Whether it's a string of alphanumeric characters, a long decimal sequence, or a user-defined object (which could be anything), values are associated with names, which are associated with types. The most basic type is an integer, usually referred to as an "int" in programming languages, and there are also "doubles" and "floats," which are usually for decimal (not whole number) values, "chars" for characters (letters and symbols), arrays (lists, basically), and a few others, depending on the level of abstraction given by a particular language.
These types represent sizes (in bytes, which are units of eight binary digits). An integer will represent four bytes of information or 32 bits. (A 32-bit computer is one that uses that as a standard size for manipulating and moving around data.) A "long long" data type can store 8 bytes, which widens the range of possible stored values immensely. An int can store a range of values between –2,147,483,648 and 2,147,483,647, while a long long can store numbers between –9,223,372,036,854,775,808 and 9,223,372,036,854,775,807.
​
The size of an int, in particular, is a direct or close to direct correspondence to the actual machine and its capabilities for data handling and processing. If a machine is presented with value that's too large to represent as an int—too large to store in an int's memory address—it will truncate it, lopping it off as necessary as the odometer in a car. This is how a program can wind up with bad data, which can break things, causing a program to terminate or worse.
In research being presented this month at the the Association for Computing Machinery's International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems, the MIT researchers will present an overflow debugging system, called DIODE (for Directed Integer Overflow Detection), that has so far successfully identified 11 whole new bugs within five common open-source programs, on top of three that had already been known.
"Integer overflow errors are an insidious source of software failures and security vulnerabilities," the researchers note in an accompanying paper. "Because programs with latent overflow errors often process typical inputs correctly, such errors can easily escape detection during testing only to appear later in production. Overflow errors that occur at memory allocation sites can be especially problematic as they comprise a prime target for code injection attacks."
Code injection is a bit what it sounds like. A hacker will identify a vulnerability in some piece of code, and use it to introduce their own code, which might be a worm or any other sort of exploit.
"A typical scenario is that a malicious input exploits the overflow to cause the program to allocate a memory block that is too small to hold the data that the program will write into the allocated block," the MIT group explains. "The resulting out-of-bounds writes can easily enable code injection attacks."
This sort of overflow debugging can be viewed as a search operation. A given program is taken as a graph (as in graph theory) that represents the possible flows of a sample input. Historically, this has meant probing or attempting to probe every possible path that an input might take, which adds up to be a whole lot of effort and time, with imperfect results.
"What this means is that you can find a lot of errors in the early input-processing code," offers Martin Rinard, a computer science professor and co-author on the new paper, in a separate summary. "But you haven't gotten past that part of the code before the whole thing poops out. And then there are all these errors deep in the program, and how do you find them?"
The DIODE solution also begins with a sample input, but, in this case, the input has a memory of sorts. As it probes deeper and deeper into the program, extra digits are added to its value. These digits are "symbolic expressions" that tell the human debugger what happened to the integer and where. As Rinard explains, the resulting values can reveal pages and pages of information about what happened as the input bounces around the system. While the sample input itself won't trigger an overflow, the resulting symbolic expression finds out what will.
The whole process is recursive. The problem with earlier debugging schemes is that once the sample input runs into an input check—put there by an attentive programmer—the process is over and so the debugging starts again at the beginning. With DIODE, once the sample input fails one of these checks, a new value is immediately computed using the symbolic expression and the checkpoint is tested again. This continues until either the revised sample input makes it through and on to the next potential vulnerability or it's determined that the programmer did a really good job at data validation and getting through the check is impossible.
Finally, Rinard and co. conclude, "Our results show that, for our benchmark set of applications, and for every target memory allocation site exercised by our seed inputs (which the applications process correctly with no overflows), either 1) DIODE is able to generate an input that triggers an overflow at that site or 2) there is no input that would trigger an overflow for the observed target expression at that site."
- The Orlando Police Department (OPD) reports that a man allegedly almost beat another man to death because he refused to lift his shirt up and show him his tattoos.
According to the OPD, two of their officers responded to requests of immediate assistance towards apprehending a subject who was not complying with an officer.
Upon arrival, the suspect was apprehended and placed in the back of a patrol car . OPD reports that this subject, named Ryan Taylor Kegler, was running away from Target after allegedly punching an older male in the face by the store's elevators.
Kegler was seen by an officer running from the direction of store and eventually driving his car towards an officer. Four officers chased the subject down, two of which had their guns drawn. Kegler was caught when an officer tactically positioned his vehicle in front of Kegler.
The victim of the attack at Target, David Robertson, was still groggy from the incident when officers finally reached him, according to the OPD. The victim could not even remember the date or where he was. He was even asked if he would like to press charges, but he could not remember what occurred.
OPD then made contact with ambulance service Rural Metro, who stated that Robertson was having difficulty providing them with any information about the incident or what injuries he sustained. Rural Metro went on to say that Robertson should be seen by a doctor, but Robertson refused. However, he was soon convinced to be transported to the Orlando Regional Medical Center.
OPD reports that they then made contact with Cheryl Lynn Lake, who was with Robertson at the time of the incident. Lake stated that Robertson was approached by a white male and confronted about the "Outlaw" shirt that he was wearing. The white male asked Robertson to lift his shirt to show the tattoos he had under. Robertson refused, so the suspect began to punch him in the face until Robertson fell down. He then began to kick his stomach until eventually running off when other witnesses appeared.
OPD also made contact with three other witnesses and Target security, the latter of which provided security video of the incident. The video shows Kegler in a check out line with a female and small child in a stroller. Kegler noticed Robertson walking in front of the register lines. Kegler then began to pace back and forth as if he was mad at Robertson. Nonetheless, Robertson exited the Target with Lynn. Kegler jogged after him and confronted Robertson at the elevators of Target.
The video then shows Kegler begin to punch Robertson after a few brief words. Robertson falls to the ground and Kegler commences to kick Robertson. Robertson is obviously unconscious for several minutes and lying motionless in front of the elevators.
OPD reports that probable cause was found to charge Kegler with aggravated battery because of the punches and kicks Kegler landed to the head and body of Robertson, rendering him unconscious. In addition, these punches and kicks could have possibly led to Robertson's death. Kegler has been transported to Booking and Release Center.
Image caption Alan Partridge's previous cars include a Vauxhall Insignia and a Rover 800
A petition is calling on the BBC to hire Alan Partridge as the new presenter of Top Gear.
The fictional broadcaster, played by Steve Coogan, is said to be the ideal person to step in for Jeremy Clarkson, who has been suspended following a "fracas" with a producer.
The petition says Partridge has a diverse broadcasting career and a "noted passion for cars".
A petition to reinstate Clarkson has received close to a million signatures.
The campaign to have Partridge take on the role is some way behind, but has been backed by more than 15,000 people since the Change.org petition was started on Monday.
Image caption Steve Coogan is a self-confessed fan of Top Gear and has been on the show as a guest
Lorn Macdonald, who started the campaign, said: "Alan has a strong track record for broadcast presenting, from his relaxed professionalism with guests on BBC chat show Knowing Me Knowing You to his effortless banter on his talk shows at Radio Norwich."
The BBC has started an investigation into the alleged altercation between Clarkson and producer Oisin Tymon.
The row is said to have occurred because no hot food was laid on for the presenter following a day's filming in North Yorkshire.
Image caption Steve Coogan tackled the Top Gear circuit in 2008
Top Gear has an estimated worldwide audience of 350 million people but Sunday's show was not broadcast, with a documentary about the Red Arrows shown instead.
Coogan, who has played Partridge on TV, radio and film, has appeared on Top Gear in the past and described himself as a "huge fan".
However, in 2011 he spoke out about about the behaviour of the "rich, middle-aged" presenters "laughing at poor Mexicans", during a review of a Mexican sports car.
I made it Damon Corso Quoting LegoPredator ! Great work with 15 pieces! It´s very cool! Thanks predator! It was real tricky to get it down from 17 parts, once i made the hurdle eliminating the 17th, the 16th i had to test multiple options to make the right adjustments. This was a super fun challenge. Quoting David Roberts Very neat. I like the wings. This means alot coming from you Mr. Roberts! If it wasn't for your most recent pocket money challenge, i wouldn't have signed up for Mocpages! Cheers! Quoting Karsten Bier looking good! Thank-you very much Karten. Quoting Sam the first Brilliant work! Really clean and sharp style, which I very much like! The man, the myth, the legend! Wow, thank-you so much for the positive comments Sam, this means a ton! Your contest if just brilliant! Im so excited to see the rest of the entries as the month rolls along! And a big advanced Thank-you to you and the rest of the judges who will be taking their time to pick the winners. Cheers. Quoting Commander Bricks Great now I have to throw away my design it was just like this but without the SNOT to make it more like the original. Oh no! I'm sorry commander bricks! As i was building and trying to decide if i wanted to take the photos and post my entry so quickly i decided i should in case someone else gets the idea to follow suit. oops! I would love to see your version if you ever get around to posting it, seeing studs would be more authentic. Thanks predator! It was real tricky to get it down from 17 parts, once i made the hurdle eliminating the 17th, the 16th i had to test multiple options to make the right adjustments. This was a super fun challenge.This means alot coming from you Mr. Roberts! If it wasn't for your most recent pocket money challenge, i wouldn't have signed up for Mocpages! Cheers!Thank-you very much Karten.The man, the myth, the legend! Wow, thank-you so much for the positive comments Sam, this means a ton! Your contest if just brilliant! Im so excited to see the rest of the entries as the month rolls along! And a big advanced Thank-you to you and the rest of the judges who will be taking their time to pick the winners. Cheers.Oh no! I'm sorry commander bricks! As i was building and trying to decide if i wanted to take the photos and post my entry so quickly i decided i should in case someone else gets the idea to follow suit. oops! I would love to see your version if you ever get around to posting it, seeing studs would be more authentic.
This month marks the twentieth anniversary of David Bowie's Earthling album, a record that saw him experimenting with new forms of electronic dance music. It came in the midst of his creative resurgence, a reaction of sorts to the albums he made in the mid-'80s that seemed to do little more than unsuccessfully chasing the success of 1983's Let's Dance.
A big part of that resurgence was guitarist Reeves Gabrels, who was a member of Bowie's late-'80s/early-'90s band, Tin Machine. After that band broke up, he stuck with Bowie, playing on his '90s solo albums. A trusted collaborator to Bowie, he co-wrote and co-produced much of Bowie's material during that time, and was also his musical director. And although he left the band in 1999, you could argue that the work he did with Bowie put him on the path to his final album, 2016's classic Blackstar, which won five GRAMMY Awards earlier this month.
Gabrels hasn't spoken publically very much about his former bandmate since his passing last year, but he agreed to discuss his entire era with Bowie with Radio.com.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 4, 2013, 6:02 PM GMT By Alan Boyle, Science Editor
The oldest human DNA ever recovered is throwing scientists for a loop: The 400,000-year-old genetic material comes from bones that have been linked to Neanderthals in Spain — but its signature is most similar to that of a different ancient human population from Siberia, known as the Denisovans.
The researchers who did the analysis said their findings show an "unexpected link" between two of our extinct cousin species. Follow-up studies could crack the mystery — not only for the early humans who lived in the cave complex known as Sima de los Huesos (Spanish for "Pit of Bones"), but for other mysterious populations in the Pleistocene epoch.
"Ancient DNA sequencing techniques have become sensitive enough to warrant further investigation of DNA survival at sites where Middle Pleistocene hominins are found," the research team, led by Matthias Meyer and Svante Pääbo of Germany's Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, wrote in Thursday's issue of the journal Nature. ("Hominin" is the currently accepted term for humans and our close evolutionary cousins.)
As anthropologists are getting better at extracting DNA from ancient bones, genetic mysteries are cropping up more frequently: Last month, researchers at scientific meetings talked about not-yet-published findings that hinted at interbreeding among Neanderthals, Denisovans and previously unknown populations of early humans.
A new standard
The age of the mitochondrial DNA analyzed for the Nature study sets a new standard: Researchers used statistical analysis of the DNA and other samples to estimate that the material was roughly 400,000 years old. That meshed with the estimated age for similar DNA extracted from bear bones found in the same cave.
More than 6,000 human fossils, representing about 28 individuals, have been recovered from the Sima de los Huesos site, a hard-to-get-to cave chamber that lies about 100 feet (30 meters) below the surface in northern Spain. The fossils are unusually well-preserved, thanks in part to the undisturbed cave's constant cool temperature and high humidity.
The thigh bone of a 400,000-year-old hominin yielded mitochondrial DNA for analysis. Javier Trueba / Madrid Scientific Films
Researchers drilled a series of tiny holes into the cracks in a human femur recovered from the cave to obtain nearly 2 grams (0.07 ounce) of powdered bone. At first, they looked for the signature of ancient nuclear DNA, which could have provided information about the genome of the individual behind the femur — but that information was overwhelmed by the signature of modern-day human contamination.
Then they turned their attention to the mitochondrial DNA, which lies outside the cell's nucleus and is passed down from a mother to her children. That strategy was more successful.
Unusual finding
Previous analysis of bones from the cave had led researchers to assume that the Sima de los Huesos people were closely related to Neanderthals on the basis of their skeletal features. But the mitochondrial DNA was far more similar to that of the Denisovans, an early human population that was thought to have split off from Neanderthals around 640,000 years ago. The first Denisovan specimens were identified in 2010, based on an analysis of 30,000-year-old bones excavated in Siberia.
This skeleton from the Sima de los Huesos cave has been assigned to an early human species known as Homo heidelbergensis. However, researchers say the skeletal structure is similar to that of Neanderthals - so much so that some say the Sima de los Huesos people were actually Neanderthals rather than representatives of Homo heidelbergensis. Javier Trueba / Madrid Scientific Films
The latest DNA analysis sent scientists scrambling for an explanation.
"This unusual finding could be due to at least two different scenarios, both relating to the material inheritance of mtDNA [mitochondrial DNA] and the ease with which it can be lost in a lineage," Chris Stringer, a paleoanthropologist at London's Natural History Museum who was not involved in the Nature study, wrote in an email.
One scenario could be that the DNA was passed down the maternal line from a population that was ancestral to the Sima de los Huesos humans as well as the Denisovans, but that the lineage died out among Neanderthals and modern humans.
The other scenario is that an as-yet-undetermined population interbred with ancestors of the Spanish cave-dwellers as well as the Denisovans. Meyer, Pääbo and their colleagues tentatively favor that scenario. "Based on the fossil record, more than one evolutionary lineage may have existed in Europe during the Middle Pleistocene," they write.
"Either way, this new finding can help us start to disentangle the relationships of the various human groups known from the last 600,000 years," Stringer said. "If more mtDNA can be recovered from the Sima 'population' of fossils, it may demonstrate how these individuals were related to each other, and how varied their population was."
Update for 10:30 p.m. ET Dec. 4: Erik Trinkaus, a paleoanthropologist at Washington University in St. Louis, told NBC News that the DNA findings were interesting from a technical standpoint — but he pointed out that the mitochondrial DNA alone doesn't reveal how the Sima de los Huesos people and their ancestors lived. He suspects that further DNA studies will show that the relationships between populations of early humans were messier and more tangled than the typical diagrams of human origins would suggest. That's appropriate, he said, "because I think the real world is messy."
More about our tangled origin story:
In addition to Meyer and Pääbo, authors of "A Mitochondrial Genome Sequence of a Hominin From Sima de los Huesos" include Qiaomei Fu, Ayinuer Aximu-Petri, Isabelle Glocke, Birgit Nickel, Juan-Luis Arsuaga, Ignacio Martínez, Ana Gracia, José María Bermúdez de Castro and Eudald Carbonell.
Alan Boyle is NBCNews.com's science editor. Connect with the Cosmic Log community by "liking" the NBC News Science Facebook page, following @b0yle on Twitter and adding +Alan Boyle to your Google+ circles. To keep up with NBCNews.com's stories about science and space, sign up for the Tech & Science newsletter, delivered to your email in-box every weekday. You can also check out "The Case for Pluto," my book about the controversial dwarf planet and the search for new worlds.
Rob James-Collier says he's rejected other gay roles because he "really wanted to show something different"
Downton Abbey star Rob James-Collier has suggested that playing a gay character in the show has hurt his career.
James-Collier portrayed Thomas Barrow in the ITV period drama from 2010-2015. He previously played Liam Connor in Coronation Street.
Speaking to Radio Times recently, James-Collier said that his role in Downton Abbey has left him “typecast”.
“I think audiences in the US can identify quite easily with the quintessential English gent and English lady,” he said, “whereas a neurotic, dark, gay character like Thomas is a hard thing to put into the American market. It can lead to typecasting.”
“Because Thomas Barrow is gay and is, essentially, the bad guy for much of the show, a lot of people within the industry can only see you as that,” the actor continued.
“They might not be in a rush to see you as a heterosexual love interest. That takes time.”
James-Collier also revealed that he has turned down theatrical roles “which happened to be gay characters” since Downton Abbey finished because he “really wanted to show something different”.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
The final episode of Downton Abbey aired on Christmas Day 2015.
Last year, there were reports that Maggie Smith had signed up for a Downton Abbey film.
Meanwhile, P Diddy has revealed that he cried while watching an episode of Downton Abbey.
The presidential candidates are devoting most of their time and energy to courting voters in South Carolina and Nevada, but Florida voters are already starting to cast ballots — even though the state's presidential primary isn't until March 15.
Ballots are starting to arrive at the homes of voters who signed up to vote by mail.
Voters can fill out the ballots and mail them back right away.
But that's risky, unless your crystal ball is 100 percent accurate and you're convinced your favorite candidate is infallible and won't have a cringe-inducing debate performance leading people to wonder if he's up to the job.
Bob Wolfe, who made his living running campaigns during 25 years as a political strategist in Florida and California, founded the Lauderdale Beach Republican Club and is a co-chairman of former Gov. Jeb Bush's Broward campaign, thinks it's a mistake to cast a mail ballot too early. "Mine's going in my desk at home until after Carolina," he said.
South Carolina's Republican primary is Feb. 20.
Just ask anyone who voted for Rick Perry, then the governor of Texas, or Jon Huntsman, the former governor of Utah, in Florida's 2012 Republican presidential primary if it pays to vote too soon.
Perry entered the presidential race with huge fanfare. Then he faded, performed dismally in the Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary, and dropped out 12 days before the Florida primary.
Perry's withdrawal meant that 468 people in Broward and Palm Beach counties who voted for Perry missed the chance to vote for another Republican candidate. (Though, it's true, some could have gone with Perry after he dropped out, as a show of support for the Texan.)
The same thing happened to 545 Huntsman voters; he dropped out 16 days before the Florida primary after failing to sell himself as a moderate Republican in a field of conservatives.
With South Carolina and Nevada set to weigh in on the candidates this month and a slew of southern states voting on March 1, there's a good chance the field will shrink before Florida's March 15 primary.
And once that ballot goes back in the mail to the county elections office, it can't be changed even if the person you've voted for has dropped out.
"Every presidential election, I usually get at least one question or phone call from someone who asks me — they voted for a candidate who is no longer in the race — how do I get a new ballot to vote again? The short answer is: You don't," said Kevin Wagner, a political scientist at Florida Atlantic University. "Everybody's got a right to vote, but you only get to vote once."
"If you're not sure, you should wait until you're sure who the candidates are," Wagner said. "It's quite possible that on the Republican side the list of candidates will be shorter by the time they get to Florida."
He said that's not a problem on the Democratic side. Three of the five original candidates already have dropped out, leaving just Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.
Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes said she hopes voters don't wait until the last minute so there isn't a logjam of absentee votes to process on primary day, which could delay final results. Elections offices are allowed to start processing mail ballots before the day of the election, but they aren't counted until after the polls close.
Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections Susan Bucher said people can take some time before returning their ballots.
"If you want to wait, it's OK, as long as you don't wait too long," she said.
Ballots must be back at elections office in the county were a voter lives by the time the polls close, at 7 p.m. March 15. Postmarked ballots don't count if they're not at the elections office by poll closing time.
Arriving soon
Many of the state's largest counties already have sent their ballots to voters. Bucher had a batch of 82,000 ballots ready to go in the mail on Friday.
The rest of the state's counties are mailing them by a state-imposed Tuesday deadline. Snipes said her office would deliver more than 82,000 ballots — enough to fill an 18-wheeler truck and a box truck — to a Postal Service processing center on Tuesday. The Miami-Dade County Elections Office is mailing out 157,000 on Tuesday, said Carolina D. Lopez, deputy supervisor of elections.
No party affiliation/independent voters will get ballots if they live in cities, towns or villages holding elections on March 15. But they won't include the presidential candidates.
Former candidates on ballots
The ballots arriving in voters' mailboxes — along with the ones they'll see at early voting sites and at neighborhood polling places on primary day — contain a slew of names.
Some of the Democratic and Republican candidates have dropped out, but only after the state certified 13 Republican and three Democratic candidates for Florida's ballots.
So Sunshine State Republicans will be able to vote for current candidates Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Marco Rubio and Donald Trump — as well as dropouts Chris Christie, Carly Fiorina, Jim Gilmore, Lindsey Graham, Mike Huckabee, Rand Paul and Rick Santorum.
Democrats can choose Clinton, Sanders or dropout Martin O'Malley.
Get a ballot
Voting by mail is the name many elections officials now use for what has traditionally been called absentee voting. Absentee ballots no longer require a reason; voters can vote by mail as a matter of convenience.
Absentee ballots may be requested until six days before the election. But Bucher cautioned people against waiting that long.
She said the Postal Service, which takes extra steps to ensure the timely delivery of ballots, has lengthened the allowable delivery time for first class mail since the last election. Bucher said that means there may not be enough time for someone who requests an absentee ballot close to the deadline to receive it, fill it out, and get it back by the deadline.
Snipes said people should doublecheck the instructions, especially about where to sign and how to place the ballot in the return envelope to make sure it's safe and secret. If people follow the instructions, "no one can see what another voter has written," she said.
Broward voters can get mail ballots by going to browardsoe.org, then clicking on the "voting methods" tab in the left-hand column, then "vote by mail voting." Information at 954-357-7050.
Palm Beach County voters can get mail ballots by going to pbcelections.org, then clicking on "vote by mail" in the center of the page, marked with an illustration of a mailbox. Information at 561-656-6200.
Image caption Tuition fees will rise in 2012
Universities in England are facing cuts of 12% - before funding changes linked to student fees come in, according to figures from their funding body.
Teaching and research funding is falling on average by 4%, while capital spending is more than halved.
Universities which focus on research do best, while newer ones which do more teaching fare worse.
Universities Minister David Willetts has said universities could have 10% more in cash terms by 2014.
England's 130 universities are learning to learn how much they are being allocated in direct government funding, which is given through the Higher Education Funding Council for England (Hefce).
Overall, the grant for teaching has been cut by more than 8% and that for research by nearly 3% compared with last year. Capital spending is down by 58%.
Taking into account some special funding programmes which are ending, and the end of the one-year University Modernisation Fund, this brings the total to a 12.6% cut.
Almost all universities will experience a cut. Just one, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, will see a rise in its grant - 4.6% in cash terms, or 2.2% if an inflationary measure of 2.4% is taken into account.
'Challenging settlement'
On average, according to Hefce, universities will experience a cut in their "recurrent grant" (largely teaching and research) of about 4% (cash terms).
Hefce's chief executive Sir Alan Langlands said it was a "challenging settlement" for universities and that the grant had been distributed in a way designed to try to ensure a "smooth transition" to the new funding system being brought in in 2012.
That is when students in England, once they graduate, will have to pay tuition fees of between £6,000 and £9,000 a year.
Then, the government wants funds from the increased fees largely to replace direct government funding of courses.
It has pledged to protect research and science and maths-based subjects.
Exceptional universities that concentrate on teaching and widening participation have been told today that they are being left to scrap it out in an untried marketplace Sally Hunt , University and College Union
Sir Alan said: "Universities that don't lose out so much are those that benefit from the very modest nature of the cut in research funding, as opposed to the more significant cut in teaching funding."
He added that the university sector was on "fairly strong foundations", with good cash reserves and should be able to withstand the pressure. Universities had been preparing for the changes.
Amongst the biggest losers are Bishop Grossesteste University College, Lincoln, which will see its funding cut by 13.4% in cash terms, and 15.8% in real terms.
City University, London will see its funding reduced by 8.4% in cash terms (10.8% in real terms), while funding at the University for the Creative Arts is down 7.8% (10.2%).
Also seeing high real terms cuts are the Royal Academy of Music (7.9% in cash terms, 10.3% in real terms) and Sunderland University (6.4% in cash terms, 8.8% in real terms ).
Oxford's funding will be cut in real terms by 1%, while Cambridge University's will be cut by 3%.
Overall, only 30% of university income comes from Hefce, with universities raising other funds through research, student fees and their own business ventures.
Hefce also announced a further concentration of research funding on top-rated work.
'Uncertainty'
Professor Steve Smith, president of the vice-chancellors' umbrella group Universities UK, said: "The funding allocations announced today are the result of recent cuts of around £1 billion to universities' public funding, before the new tuition charges even begin to come into play.
"There remains a great a deal of uncertainty about funding over the coming years. The government must now provide more clarity on final plans for the 2012 system as soon as possible."
The University and College Union - which represents university lecturers - says the biggest losers are new city-based universities, with a strong focus on teaching and attracting students from groups which are under-represented in higher education.
UCU general secretary, Sally Hunt, said it could be the "beginning of the end" for some departments and subjects.
"Exceptional universities that concentrate on teaching and widening participation have been told today that they are being left to scrap it out in an untried marketplace," she said.
"There's a real worry that some universities will not continue to offer excellent courses for the fear that they will not generate enough profit.
"We risk seeing arts and humanities courses and departments shut down and institutions that focus on widening participation being damaged."
Universities Minister David Willettts said: "Next year will be a year of transition to a new funding regime where more teaching funding will follow the choices of students.
"We recognise the vital role that higher education plays, which is why revenue funding for teaching and research in higher education could rise by nearly 10% in cash terms by 2014-15.
"These changes will support a more diverse sector, where the choices of informed students provide a drive towards high quality teaching and efficient use of resources."
Vice-Chancellor of City University, London, Professor Paul Curran said: "We would not welcome a cut, but City has a very low dependency on Hefce. That [overall Hefce funding] accounts for not more than 20% of our income because a third of our students are post graduates."
Professor Elaine Thomas, Vice-Chancellor of the University for the Creative Arts, said she was disappointed. The institution, which has several bases in the south of England, was experiencing "unprecedented high levels of applications", she said.
"As a specialist creative arts university we have been hit disproportionately by the impact of the cuts to university teaching grants. Demand is strong nationally for graduates in creative subjects, " she said.
"Even during the recession, the creative industries have continued to grow."
Corrupt practices by Saudi royals and officials have cost the kingdom at least $100 billion over decades.
Saudi Arabia's attorney general, Sheikh Saud Al Mojeb, gave the estimate of the losses in a statement Thursday.
He also said that 208 individuals have been questioned as part of an extensive investigation. Seven of them have been released without charge.
"Based on our investigations over the past three years, we estimate that at least $100 billion has been misused through systematic corruption and embezzlement over several decades," the kingdom's top legal official said.
"The evidence for this wrongdoing is very strong, and confirms the original suspicions which led the Saudi Arabian authorities to begin the investigation in the first place."
Saudi authorities arrested dozens of royals, businessmen and senior government officials on Saturday in a surprise anti-corruption sweep. Those arrested included billionaire businessman Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, the former head of the royal court Khaled Al-Tuwaijri and Saudi media mogul Waleed Al-Ibrahim.
The Saudi central bank has frozen the personal accounts of people under investigation. And authorities in the United Arab Emirates have reportedly asked banks there for information about assets held by 19 Saudi royals and officials.
Related: Arrested Saudi prince built empire from Riyadh to Silicon Valley
It looks like the Saudi authorities may be gearing up for a lengthy probe. Some those arrested are reportedly being held in Riyadh's 5-star Ritz Carlton, which has been out of bounds to other guests since the weekend. Now it appears to be "fully booked" until February 1, 2018.
Marriott (MAR), which owns the hotel, declined to comment on the situation at the Ritz citing "guest privacy."
"We do not discuss the guests or groups with whom we do business or who may be visitors of the hotel," a spokesperson said.
The arrests followed the establishment of a new anti-corruption committee headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. It has the power to investigate, arrest, issue travel bans and freeze the assets of those it finds corrupt.
Saudi officials say the arrests are part of an effort to clean house in support of the crown prince's push to overhaul the country's economy and end what he once called its "addiction" to oil. Sweeping changes are already happening, including subsidy cuts, new taxes and the end of a controversial ban on women driving.
Related: Women driving could rev up Saudi economy
"The strengthening of [bin Salman's] position should benefit near-term reform momentum given that the crown prince has been the dominant driving force behind Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030 reform agenda," said Fitch ratings agency in a report on Thursday, but it also warned of an increased risk of a political backlash.
--Tamara Qiblawi contributed to this report.
After teasing in a press release just a few weeks ago, Honda has finally revealed the all new Civic Type R at the 2015 Geneva Motor Show. The new Type R will produce 231kW from its high-revving all-new 2.0 litre VTEC TURBO engine, offering greater power, torque and response than any previous Honda production car engine.
Honda is touting the new model as a ‘race car for the road', aiming to set new standards in the high-performance front-wheel drive hatchback segment. The red-lining 7,000 rpm engine is part of Honda's next-generation Earth Dreams Technology series, featuring an advanced new turbocharger with VTEC technology that boosts low-end torque and delivers sustained acceleration.
The Civic Type R will sprint 0-to-100 km/h in just 5.7 seconds, making it the fastest accelerating performance front-wheel drive hatchback. Its top speed, where permitted of course is a class-leading 270 km/h. The new engine is mated to a slick-shifting six-speed manual transmission and power is directed through the front wheels.
The styling changes that are unique to the Civic Type R give the car an aggressive, purposeful stance, yet almost all have a functional purpose. The sleek and aerodynamically-efficient design reflects a car developed to perform at speed. The focus on aerodynamics has ensured high-speed stability and high levels of downforce.
Inside, a range of aesthetic and functional upgrades within the cabin reinforce the Type R's sporting character. As with previous Type R models, the gear lever knob is made from machined aluminium alloy. High-backed sports seats, trimmed in suede-effect black fabric with red double stitching, provide driver and front-seat passenger with ample lateral support during harder cornering. Matching red double stitching also appears on the black leather-clad steering wheel and black gear-lever gaiter. The roof-lining is trimmed in black fabric.
The new Civic Type R will mark the debut of the new ‘+R' button that increases the response of various chassis and drivetrain systems. The result is an even more intense driving experience, ideal for the track and sure to be appreciated by the genuine sports-driving enthusiast. The behaviour of the car in this mode will make it firmer and agile for high-performance handling.
As per our teaser article, Honda Australia has confirmed that the new Civic Type R will be available down under, possibly in 2016.
SHARE Facebook
Tumblr
Twitter
Reddit
Email
West Indies' T20 captain does not feature on their list of centrally-contracted players for 2015-16 © AFP
The WICB's contracted players for 2015-16 Jason Holder, Kraigg Brathwaite, Rajendra Chandrika, Darren Bravo, Marlon Samuels, Denesh Ramdin, Devendra Bishoo, Shannon Gabriel, Jermaine Blackwood, Jerome Taylor, Sheldon Cottrell, Shai Hope, Shane Dowrich, Leon Johnson, Kemar Roach In: Devendra Bishoo, Shannon Gabriel, Sheldon Cottrell, Jermaine Blackwood, Rajendra Chandrika, Shai Hope, Shane Dowrich, Leon Johnson Out: Darren Sammy, Andre Russell, Sulieman Benn, Shivnarine Chanderpaul, Dwayne Bravo
West Indies' Twenty20 captain Darren Sammy has not been contracted by the WICB for 2015-2016, along with allrounder Andre Russell and spinner Sulieman Benn. Chris Gayle, who had previously turned down West Indies contracts more than once, including last year, is not on the list of centrally contracted players which was increased from 12 to 15. Sunil Narine, who had also turned down a contract last year and is currently suspended from bowling in internationals due to an illegal action, also does not feature on the list.
The other two to miss out from the list issued for 2014-15 are Shivnarine Chanderpaul and the out-of-favour Dwayne Bravo.
The contracts, issued for the period from October 1, 2015, to September 30, 2016, include several batsmen who have debuted for West Indies in Test cricket over the past year and a half, including Jermaine Blackwood, Leon Johnson, Shane Dowrich, Shai Hope and Rajendra Chandrika. Legspinner Devendra Bishoo was also added, as well as fast bowlers Shannon Gabriel and Sheldon Cottrell.
Sammy had turned out for West Indies in the T20s against Sri Lanka as recently as November last year, though he was left out for the preceding ODI series on that tour. Globetrotting T20 specialist Russell had played both the ODIs and T20s on that tour. Left-arm spinner Benn last represented West Indies during their home Test series against England in April 2015.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Get those eye popping video ideas ready, Avatars! Like last year's trailer design contest, this is your chance to show that Shroud of the Avatar is both the game, and community, that new players will want to play to launch and beyond.
The ‘Welcome to New Britannia' Community Trailer Contest kicks off today!
You have from July 13, 2017 (Now) to August 18 22, 2017 (11:59 PM CT) to design a video trailer for all New Britannians to admire. Capture shots of key city districts, bustling player-owned towns, luxurious houses, intense combat, majestic outdoor scenes, crafting valuable goods, or any of the other amazing features of our game that you think will help sell the game to other players.
Key features to highlight include:
Sandbox RPG
Selective Multiplayer: Offline Plus 3 Online Modes (Single, Friends, & Open)
Multipath Story by Richard Garriott and Tracy Hickman
Classless Character System
Dynamic Combat with Customized Decks
Player Driven Economy
Deep Crafting System
Player Owned Housing
Housing Decoration System
Player Owned Towns
etc…
Below are the details of the contest, including what you can win!
SELECT A THEME
Theme 1: Complete 1-2.5 minute trailer. There's so much content one could add to such a trailer of this length, but most importantly, it should all be of high impact value. The more exciting and powerful it is for broad audiences that don't already know what Shroud is about the better!
Example 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv4nPNagoT4
Example 2 (using Animoto): https://youtu.be/AL4SUG-UKPs
Example 3 (w/voiceover): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbN6aqgGtuc
Theme 2: Short 30 seconds or less advertisment video. For such a short video, high impact and quick to understand imagery is going to bring your video to life.
Example 1: (different game theme, focus on the camera cut style, and don't forget to
include an exit slide!): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yptYN0hT1Q
include an exit slide!): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yptYN0hT1Q Example 2 (similar to above): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAC0YF2iM2c
Example 3 (combat focus): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68wCCTPhFE8
Example 4 (textual teaser): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtIDkKKg7Q4
Also, we recommend you check out all the videos from the previous contest! http://bit.ly/2ujj1VI
Examples are of the highest quality, so don't worry about trying to duplicate them. They are only basic guides. Some of the ways you record footage will be limited to our camera system. Do the best you can and have fun with your own ideas on what a trailer should include!
Both themes can contain textual cut-scenes and audio explanations if you wish, though we suggest limiting these and letting the scenes explain the game itself. This includes carefully selecting what kind of Shroud approved music (anything from our game or is completely free for public use) works with the visuals.
Please be sure to mention in the submission post which theme your video is designed around.
WINNERS & PRIZES
Trailers will be judged by a team at Portalarium on the following merits:
Keeping to the Shroud of the Avatar world (Only SotA footage)
Overall originality and artistic flair (Don't overdo it! Simplicity can work wonders)
Diversity of in-game areas presented (Outside scenes, inside homes, dungeons, etc.!)
Overall flow from opening scenes, buildup of in-game footage, and end scene
Seamless transitions, consistency, and smooth gameplay throughout
Will it make a fan shed a tear in joy? Brownie points here!
Theme 1 Prizes:
Grand Prize: $1,000 Store Credit, an in-game title, and a thank-you letter from Lord British
2nd Place: $500 Store Credit, an in-game title
3rd Place: $300 Store Credit, an in-game title
Theme 2 Prizes:
Grand Prize: $250 Store Credit, an in-game title, and a thank-you letter from Lord British
2nd Place: $150 Store Credit, an in-game title
3rd Place: $100 Store Credit, an in-game title
* Can redeem up to $85 in COTOs
All Other Submissions: Everyone else that submits an eligible and feature complete trailer will have theirs included in a contest playlist on the official Portalarium YouTube channel for proudly submitting their work.
Final entries and winners will be mentioned and shown on the Community Livestream on August 25! Keep watch on the main website and the game's social channels for details and updates.
SUBMITTING A VIDEO
Requirements:
Resolution: 1920×1080, or 3840×2160 if all scenes play smoothly at 30fps or higher
Runtime: 1-2.5 minutes for Theme 1, 30 seconds or less for Theme 2
Assets: May only use SotA graphics, music, or your own customized assets. NOTE: If you use your own assets you must have all rights to those assets and you must assign us perpetual non-exclusive rights to those assets so we can use them as part of the trailer when we use the trailer for promotional purposes.
Quality: For optimal game recording quality, set all game settings to their max
Scale back game settings if framerate drops consistently below 30fps
Scale back game settings if framerate drops consistently below 30fps Audio: Must have at least some music, sound effects only at the intro and exit scenes as needed, and voiceovers are not necessary. Also consider keeping gameplay sound effects low, or turning them off entirely. Music is usually the only main audio you need.
Contains a “Created by:” message at the end scene, as well as a Shroud of the Avatar logo either in this same scene or elsewhere.
Must list the official website URL at the end of the video: www.shroudoftheavatar.com
Your video must be shareable on YouTube. Submit your trailer in the community forums with a title, description, why you created it, and a YouTube link to the trailer.
VIDEO RESOURCES
There are plenty of tools out there to use to put together a gameplay trailer! Some online web suggestions would be Animoto.com, Flixtime, and Stupeflix. Production tools include Adobe Premiere, Cyberlink Director, and Sony Vegas. As long as the trailer adheres to the contest requirements, you can use any software at your disposal.
There are many ways to create great trailers! We recommend you start by considering if you want any graphics at the beginning of the trailer to introduce it, as well as exit slides (including the “Created by:” message in the end scene). One of the examples we provided above is a super duper fancy Animoto.com version, so don't feel obligated to abide by that structure.
Click here to download our Media Kit that includes additional logos and items for your video.
You are also required to save raw footage in case we would like to reuse the footage in future videos. Please do not send raw footage until we ask though, unless it is via an easy-to-use link that downloads the footage in one path.
CONTEST RULES
Since this is a skill based contest, a committee of judges will be formed at Portalarium, and any tiebreakers will be resolved by the committee. Any concerns and disputes on who won must be sent to community@portalarium.com. Do not post in the submission thread or other public areas any disputes or challenges about the winners.
Inappropriate/Vulgar submissions are prohibited and will result in disqualification.
Submissions containing any of the following are considered inappropriate:
Any disparagement of a race/gender/group of people or ideals
Drug/alcohol abuse, sexual connotations, and other derogatory or disturbing imagery
Graphical bugs, or otherwise depicting the state of the game in a negative manner
Anything that would be a violation of the common Community Rules & Guidelines
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. MUST BE AGE 13 OR OLDER. ONE ENTRY PER PERSON OR HOUSEHOLD.
THIS IS A SKILL-BASED CONTEST. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. VIDEO FOOTAGE CAN BE FROM ANY SOURCE AVAILABLE TO YOU, INCLUDING YOUR OWN GAME ACCOUNT AND THIRD PARTY SOURCES. ASK FOR PERMISSION WHERE APPROPRIATE. AFFIDAVIT OF ELIGIBILITY / RELEASE OF LIABILITY / PRIZE ACCEPTANCE AGREEMENT MAY BE REQUIRED.
ALL SUBMITTED VIDEOS ARE ABLE TO BE USED AND COPIED BY PORTALARIUM FOR PROMOTING SHROUD OF THE AVATAR AS PORTALARIUM AND ITS PARTNERS SEES FIT.
Good luck Avatars, and have fun creating an amazing video!
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Robin Brant: "The timing of the comment made before the Holocaust Memorial Day has attracted criticism"
A Liberal Democrat MP who accused "the Jews" of "inflicting atrocities on Palestinians... on a daily basis" has apologised for the "unintended offence".
Bradford East MP David Ward said in a blog post he had been "trying to make clear that everybody needs to learn the lessons of the Holocaust".
He had made his initial comments ahead of Sunday's Holocaust Memorial Day.
On Friday, his party "condemned" his "use of language".
He was also summoned to a meeting with party whips next week.
I recognise, of course, the deep sensitivities of these issues at all times, and particularly on occasions of commemoration such as this weekend David Ward MP
Last week he said he was "saddened that the Jews, who suffered unbelievable levels of persecution during the Holocaust, could within a few years of liberation from the death camps be inflicting atrocities on Palestinians in the new State of Israel and continue to do so on a daily basis in the West Bank and Gaza".
But in a blog posting on Saturday he apologised, saying: "I never for a moment intended to criticise or offend the Jewish people as a whole, either as a race or as a people of faith, and apologise sincerely for the unintended offence which my words caused.
"I recognise, of course, the deep sensitivities of these issues at all times, and particularly on occasions of commemoration such as this weekend."
He said his criticisms "of actions since 1948 in the Palestinian territories in the name of the state of Israel remain as strong as ever".
He added: "I will continue to make criticisms of actions in Palestine in the strongest possible terms for as long as Israel continues to oppress the Palestinian people."
In the article published on his website on Friday, Mr Ward had looked ahead to Holocaust Memorial Day, which marks the 68th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz concentration camp.
More than one million people - mostly Jews - died at the camp.
'Reprimand regrettable'
The article said he supported efforts "to combat prejudice and racism today" by the Holocaust Educational Trust and had honoured "those who were persecuted and killed during the Holocaust" by signing "a book of commitment".
His initial comments drew criticism from his own party, as well as the Holocaust Educational Trust and the Board of Deputies of British Jews.
The Israeli embassy said Mr Ward's comments demonstrated a "shocking insensitivity to the feelings of both Holocaust survivors and Israeli victims of terrorism".
Embassy spokesman Amir Ofek said: "David Ward's comments show a troubling ignorance of the brutal campaign of terrorist attacks waged against Israeli children, women and men by Palestinian terrorist groups, and of the extraordinary efforts made by Israel to protect its citizens in an effective and humane manner."
Earlier in the week, Mr Ward's party said: "This is a matter we take extremely seriously. The Liberal Democrats deeply regret and condemn the statement issued by David Ward and his use of language which is unacceptable."
On Saturday, a party spokesman said this position had not changed and he was still set to meet party whips.
Mr Ward had, at first, reacted by telling BBC News he had chosen his words carefully and did not regret the timing of the statement.
"I've spoken to the chief whip and he's got his views. I don't feel bad about it in any way. They consider my comments regrettable - I consider their reprimand regrettable," he added.
Update August 2013: This story has been amended following a complaint to the BBC Trust's editorial standards committee which was partly upheld.
Triple world champion Andy Priaulx will make a sensational return to the BTCC in 2015 after signing for last year's champion team West Surrey Racing.
Priaulx, who launched his touring car career in the BTCC with Triple Eight in 2001 and took one victory for Honda Racing in 2002, maintains a long relationship with BMW which saw him win the European Touring Car Championship in 2004, and consecutive World Touring Car Championship titles from 2005 to 2007.
More recently, the Guernseyman has competed in the DTM and sportscars, and will dovetail his BTCC campaign with drives in the European Le Mans Series and the Patron North American Endurance Cup.
The deal between Priaulx and West Surrey Racing was announced this morning at the Autosport International Show in Birmingham. The 40-year-old, who says he has “unfinished business” in the BTCC, will now commence an intensive test programme before the opening round of the season at Brands Hatch.
Priaulx said: “I am very excited about 2015. To have the opportunity to race again in the UK with my long-term partners IHG, alongside race and test programmes in America and Europe, is going to be a lot of fun.
“The BTCC is one of the strongest touring car championships in Europe and unfinished business for me. I am looking forward to joining West Surrey Racing in their championship winning BMW 125i M Sport and working with Dick Bennetts, whose engineering success speaks for itself.”
Team principal Bennetts added: “What can one say… to have Andy Priaulx join WSR for the BTCC in 2015 is a real privilege. I have known Andy for many years, so to have him – a three time World Touring Car Champion – in one of our BMW 125i's is fantastic news, not only for WSR but the BTCC as well.”
The deal with Priaulx means two of the three seats at WSR are now filled, with Sam Tordoff joining from Triple Eight last month. Reigning champion Colin Turkington has faced a tough winter following the withdrawal of eBay as title sponsor, and is yet to confirm his plans.
“Having already signed Sam Tordoff, with a third driver hopefully announced in the next week or so, everyone at WSR is really looking forward to another exciting season in the BTCC,” said Bennetts.
Last year, there was a lot of chatter within the green community about a new farming concept that would counter the issue of depleting sustainable food for the American population, primarily for those living in urban areas. It was known as vertical farming.
For those unfamiliar with what it is exactly, data solutions organization Dickson explored the concept as a means to boost urban food security. In an infographic they provided, a 30-story building could feed 50,000 people on a 2,000-calorie-per-day diet for an entire year. This is possible by how efficient the vertical farming concept could be, which includes light utilization cutting plant growth time by six to 12 weeks and using 90 percent less water than conventional farming through unique water recycling methods.
Now there is an updated version of vertical farming now being explored. In this version of a vertical farm, all the benefits of vertical farming previously explained are still utilized, but it now incorporates wind power as its source of clean energy.
Inspired by the 2015 Milan Expo theme “Feed the World,” the Skyfarm was developed by Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners to help solve the worldwide food crisis, a debilitating situation exacerbated if traditional food production fails to keep up with the exponentially growing world population. Utilizing the vertical farming method, which has all the aforementioned benefits, as the base, the Skyfarm improves on the design by making it a tensegrity structure with a light bamboo frame. This optimizes solar exposure and efficient water distribution more so than the previous vertical farm model. The upper levels support aquaponics, the agricultural method that produces both crops and fish within a near-closed loop circuit system. The lower levels, specifically the base, can be turned into public areas such as markets, restaurants, and educational facilities. Finally, the Skyfarm can be built in the specification of a location's climate. For example, a double-skin enclosure and heating can be added if said Skyfarm were built in cooler climates.
Probably the coolest feature on the Skyfarm is the wind turbine built at the very top of it. It provides electricity to the rest of the Skyfarm by utilizing the windmill design. [Image via Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners]
It is amazing just how many positive attributes are packed into the Skyfarm. Just the fact it is both a productive and commercial area that concentrates on green technology and green community standards and living is amazing. However, the most interesting part of the Skyfarm is built on the very top of it: the wind turbine. Unlike previous vertical farms that utilize solar energy for its clean source of energy, the Skyfarm relies on the wind. Taking in the design of windmills often used on traditional farms, the wind turbine will rotate to receive an optimum amount of wind force to move the turbine. The power is converted into electricity for the Skyfarm.
The only drawback discerned from this design is the fact the wind turbine is useless on non-windy days. Unless the Skyfarm also has solar panels, something that was not made clear, it may have to depend on either reserve battery power or grid power.
Still, the Skyfarm was a marvel among architects and the green community. According to Inhabitat, the Skyfarm was the winner of the 2014 World Architecture Festival's Future Projects Experimental category. It was praised by their jury as a “thorough, believable, and beautiful project.” That was two years ago, and it is possible that Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners have improved on the design since then. Maybe they actually added solar panels to the Skyfarm given the earlier analysis that the wind turbine would be useless on windless days.
[Image via Rogers Stirk Harbour + Partners]
Michael Noonan: When one understands the widely pervasive but narrowly understood phenomenon of cognitive dissonance that permeates most of the Western world, it is not so difficult to put into context the disparity between demand
for physical gold and silver and supply for the faux paper market. There is a growing sense for many that everything in the financial world is out of line, and way out of line for many others.
Cognitive dissonance: an inner need to maintain harmony in one's attitudes and beliefs while avoiding disharmony, [dissonance]. When a conflict arises that produces a sense of inner discomfort about one's beliefs or attitudes over something that promotes an alteration of those same beliefs and attitudes, there is a driving need to restore the inner balance or calm. In other words, it is easier to go along in order to get along.
This inability to reconcile gross inequities brought about by the world's central bankers; outright theft from events like MF Global, “bail-ins” for bank account holders being held [hostage] responsible for the failed financial activities of the bankers themselves, which is just another form of theft; and the most insidious form of theft, confiscation of wealth via fiat-issued currencies, creating inflation and destroying capital.
Despite this recent and brazen form of theft from people's bank accounts, the money on deposit in banks continues to rise, begging to be stolen by the bankers, [and they will steal it, count on it]. It would seem these kinds of situations would cause people to close out brokerage accounts and bank accounts, but it is not happening.
Detroit's pensioners may be lucky to receive 16 cents for the dollar of what they expected to collect, and every state is grossly underfunded for public pensions. When pensioners get hit across the country, it will be viewed like a Black Swan event: “Who could have seen it coming?” Thank the politicians who keep raising the debt ceiling, allowing government to shut down, and then raise the [nonexistent] “ceiling” and resume spending with abandon.
There is the blatant manipulation of the gold and silver markets themselves, with so many PMs experts calling for higher prices that refuse to show up, for a reason. The cognitive dissonance aspect to gold and silver and their disconnect between demand for the physical and supply for the paper, with paper prices prevailing, is the refusal for those outside the banking system, [governments being a puppet subset of the central bankers], to recognize central banking for the criminal enterprise that it is.
How can the insatiable appetite for the physical metal be subservient to the corrupt LBMA and COMEX? There is a war going on, one that has already been lost by the West to a yet to be declared victorious East/BRICS. The Western central banking system is choking on the fiat of its own making, force-feeding their same fiat down the debt-ridden throats of lesser countries like Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, et al.
Then there has been the theft of gold from Libya, once Gaddafi was disposed of, and from Somalia, to help satisfy Germany's demand for the return of its gold. There are reports of allocated gold accounts that no longer have the gold, stolen from the account holders who fear going public for a variety of reasons.
The Obama regime, led by a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, the leading advocate for war for any [false] reason, was stopped cold by Russia, and in the process, the US was abandoned by its partner in crime, UK. This happened, most likely, because Russia reminded the UK from where its source for winter heating fuel comes.
The West is in a relentless state of decline matched by the increasing rise in status and power of the East/BRICS nations, with gold being the ultimate trump card. China is by far the largest buyer of gold on the market. Do you think it has any interest in seeing the price of gold go to $2,000, or higher? As a huge buyer, China has a vested interest in seeing the price of gold where it is, not caring if it continues lower, which is even better.
If gold were to go higher, it exposes the largest Ponzi scheme ever, conducted by the world's central bankers who are left with empty gold vaults, and who would have to accept the collapse of Western fiat currencies. Evidence of this comes from the sale of J P Morgan's Morgan Guarantee Company building, housing the world's largest gold vault, able to withstand an earthquake, for a relatively cheap $725 million. The buyer? China. The reality and symbolism are rich in irony.
All the news announcements of which country has increased their gold buying, how many tonnes of gold does China actually own, record sales for gold and silver coins, empty or nearly empty COMEX gold holdings, all validate why the price of gold and silver will eventually go much higher. However, it has little to no bearing on the price of gold, and no impact on Western central bankers and all the unelected organizations that rule the Western financial world and governments, [Basel, BIS, IMF].
This is a behind the scenes change of players, literally, on the world's stage, and the New World Order elite are doing what they can to fight off the inevitable, steal as much as possible before the end arrives, and jockey for position, if possible, even as a bit player lording over the ashes of another fallen empire, as it were. It will be RIP USA. The American people do not see this coming.
Until that day of reckoning, there are forces not fully understood that still exerts influence and control on the gold/silver market. For how much longer can it last? It is unlikely that it will be measured in months, a lower probability factor, but more likely still in years, fewer than more, but it is anyone's guess. This Ponzi scheme will go on, and on, because it is the largest holders in the Western world who maintain control, and they are unopposed in their control. All the bullish news that has been reported, month after month, for the past few years has done nothing to change the recent downtrend. None of the bullish news that will come out next week or next month will have any effect, either. People are looking at the wrong measures for a turnaround.
The best advice always has been and always will be, “Follow the money.” The Western “money” is imaginary, but few are willing to see the financial emperor “is wearing no clothes.” Cognitive dissonance works in favor of the money changers, and they rely on it. Those who choose to hold the fiat will end up with the value of all fiats, ultimately.
Those who choose to follow the true money will continue to buy gold and silver. We each are captains of our own ship. Those in control of the helm are the buyers and holders of real money. Everyone else is sailing on a ship of fools.
It may be fool-hardy to look at charts of an increasingly minor factor on the gold/silver landscape, but we have no way of charting what is unseen. If the arrival of the end game creates an overnight several hundred-dollar gap up in gold, those who own and continue to buy the physical will be immediate beneficiaries, rewarded for their patience and willingness to not get caught in the eventual maelstrom of reality coming to the fore.
It may also be possible to be positioned in futures for a turn in market trend before any such upheaval occurs. No one knows how any of this will play out, so for now, best to play whatever opportunity may be available from reading current market activity.
The trend is down, and price continues to show bouts of strong selling. That said, the last two weeks had some sizeable daily sell-offs, but the net effect has been minimal against the gains of the two-week preceding. It takes time for any market to base, in preparation for a sustained reversal of trend, and gold may be in that process.
Price is holding at a band of support. What is absent is ongoing buying that can lift price above the swing high at “A.”
There was a sharp increase in the level of volume for the last two days on the chart. The closes are on the lower end of the range, and this says sellers are in control. What sellers need now is continuation lower to take advantage of what appears to be a weakened market.
How price reacts next week will provide an important clue.
Silver looks relatively more promising because the decline is holding better than gold's.
The character of the silver daily is better than that of daily gold. The decline from 23 was fast, but the extent of the downside has been somewhat muted, by comparison. There is no reason to buy silver, or gold futures, at current levels, for additional downside cannot be ruled out.
This article is brought to you courtesy of Michael Noonan from Edge Trader Plus.
I switch very often between Emacs and vim for my editing, and for this reason I've set up Emacs to use viper (vi emulation) and a couple more hacks that emulate vim's visual mode as well.
However, I've always been dissatisfied with the way vim's autoindent works. I find Emacs's usage of Tab to indent the current line very easy to use and intuitive. I ended up disabling it completely; recently I found a hint in the cinkeys-format help entry about setting up Emacs-style autoindent, and even though my vimrc skills are close to zero, I managed to improve it to behave more or less than in viper.
First of all, I make Tab have the desired effect in insert mode by putting this in my .vimrc file (this is the part I found in vim's help):
set cinkeys=0{,0},0),0#,!<Tab>,;,:,o,O,e set indentkeys=!<Tab>,o,O
Then I add a new normal mode command for <Tab> like this: it goes into insert mode just to do <Tab> and then moves to the first non-space character of the line:
map <Tab> i<Tab><Esc>^
To enable autoindent completely, you need a couple more options to set the per-type indentation and to set up the C indentation options to the style you like by default, for example:
filetype indent on set cinoptions=:0,(0,u0,W1s
These cinoptions correspond to kernel-style indentation, not GNU-style. For GNU-style you need
set cinoptions={1s,>2s,e-1s,^-1s,n-1s,:1s,p5,i4,(0,u0,W1s shiftwidth=2
and it's fun to see why it works. :-)
Unfortunately, this is still not enough because some ill-behaved vim files reset indentkeys instead of adding to it. For this I used the following shell snippet:
for i in tcl gitconfig ruby html xml php rst css make dtd xinetd yacc; do echo 'setlocal indentkeys+=!<Tab>' > .vim/after/indent/$i done
This does not cover all vim format files, just the ones I'm somewhat likely to ever use.
(Photo: REUTERS / Cathal McNaughton)Signposts point the way to toilets, the hearing of Confessions and the location to collect Holy Water in the village of Knock, County Mayo, in this photo taken May 29, 2010. The reverence with which the Irish hold the Catholic Church had begun to fade even before the abuse scandals of recent years. As the economy boomed in the 1990s and 2000s, churches emptied. The abuse revelations have further undermined the Church's authority and fractured trust, alienating committed believers as senior clergy have remained in their posts. Parents, politicians, and even church leaders have begun to call for a rollback of clerical power. Why should our children have to follow a creed just to get an education, many ask.
The Evangelical Alliance Ireland has said that believers, and not the State, should fund their own schools
The EAI stance is similar to that held by a prominent atheist group and a leading Muslim academic in the predominantly Catholic country.
EAI executive director Nick Park said evangelical Christians feel alienated by State-funded schools that are usually run by the Catholic Church, which has by far the largest religious following in Ireland.
He mentioned Catholic practices such as the First Communion which can be a problem for evangelical parents.
"Should we allow our children to sit through religious activities which are contrary to our beliefs? Or should we ask that our children be exempted?" he said.
In Ireland - once considered the most Catholic country in the world - the Catholic Church runs more than 90 percent of public schools.
Increased prosperity in the 1990s along with cover ups by Catholic leaders of child abuse at schools in the 20th century have undermined church credibility and led to many Irish now shunning Catholicism.
The Irish Times reported that the position of EAI to call for a secular education system in Irish schools is similar to the one proposed by Atheist Ireland.
The Atheist Ireland group has also welcomed calls by Dr. Ali Selim of the Islamic Cultural Centre in Dublin for a "revolution of inclusivity" in Irish schools and "an upheaval in Irish educational perspectives."
Selim is a lecturer at Trinity College Dublin and along with the Mater Dei Institute, made the calls for secularization in his new book, Islam and Education in Ireland.
The group revealed that it looks forward to working with the Islamic Foundation of Ireland.
It aims "to promote a revolution of inclusivity, so that all children regardless of what their parents believe will have access to a neutral studying environment in accordance with human rights law and access to their local school without religious discrimination."
Polls show that if given a choice, three out of four parents say they would send their children to schools run by groups other than churches.
The most prominent substitute for church-run education is a multi-denominational model from Educate Together, a group with no church affiliation that operates 65 of Ireland's nearly 3,200 primary schools.
We are Department of Memes are no fan of Turkey or its military, but what Turkish soldiers did this past week to illegal Syrian refugees was flat-out hilarious.
For once we're laughing with the Turks, not at the Turks.
Apparently, Turkey is growing sick of Syrian refugees sneaking across the border and their troops are taking it upon themselves to teach the migrants a lesson.
Images posted on Twitter show the refugees being forced to wear multiple sets of neon lingerie for the enjoyment of the soldiers. It's an ingenious and hilarious idea.
Obviously libtards are triggered over the whole scene.
Via Daily Mail:
“Syrian refugees are being abused and humiliated by Turkish military as they try to cross the border, with the most recent incident showing men being made to wear lingerie. Images published on social media shows three men, reportedly Syrian refugees, all wearing brightly coloured women's underwear with visible bruising and lacerations on their arms and backs. The incident is said to have taken place at the border, just days after several Turkish soldiers were arrested for abusing Syrian refugees. They are all dressed in boots, trousers and yellow, pink and red lingerie sets, standing next to a tank.
The pictures themselves, courtesy of Twitter users who have now been removed:
As for the Turkish people? They seem to think it's pretty damn funny too.
In this one instance, Western countries would do well to learn from Turkey, as measures need to be taken to control the mass flow of bodies from Syria into the developed part of the world.
This might be one such measure.
Comments
comments
3D-printing useful widgets and dohickeys is great and all, but sometimes you just want to mess around. And what could be better for that than good, old-fashioned Play-Doh? What was once a ThinkGeek April Fool's prank is now a reality from another company altogether: Meet the 3D PlayDoh printer.
Advertisement
Hyrel 3D, maker of 3D printers in the $2,000 to $3,000 range, has come out with a special extruder that forgoes all that specialized plastic for simpler materials like plasticine, air-drying modeling clay, and Play-Doh. You know, for when you just want to have some fun.
3D printers still cost a bit much for toys whether they're printing with Play-Doh or not, but skipping hot plastic for something reusable and non-toxic could be fantastic for schools where bright little rapscallions are just starting to cut their 3d-printing teeth.
Hyrel 3D doesn't seem to be selling the extruder on its own, but it'll only work with its printers anyway, so you're on the hook for at least two grand if you want to play. Hopefully this is a fad that'll catch on with some of the other big boys, too. Now where are those Bane walkie-talkies? [Hyrel 3D via Geek.com]
The Unthinkable: A Democratic Challenge To Obama
OK, OK. Of course it's not going to happen. No Democrat in his or her right mind would contemplate challenging President Obama in 2012.
In fact, when the Democratic National Committee issued a press release this month announcing the date for the party's national convention, DNC Chairman Tim Kaine emphasized -- twice -- that the Democrats fully intend to renominate President Obama and Vice President Biden.
But despite the obvious long odds, anything is possible in American politics. There are historical examples of tough intraparty challenges to incumbent presidents.
Courtesy of Ken Rudin
In 1968, Eugene McCarthy took on President Lyndon Johnson in New Hampshire's Democratic primary and came close. Two weeks later, Johnson dropped out of the race. Ronald Reagan made a run at stumbling incumbent President Gerald Ford in 1976; Ted Kennedy went after a weakened President Jimmy Carter in 1980; and Pat Buchanan ran against the first George Bush in 1992.
All three of those most recent forays ended unsuccessfully for the challengers. But all three sitting presidents were dethroned in the general election.
Will these precedents affect this president?
Presidents Rejected By Their Party Throughout history, several incumbent presidents have been denied nomination at their party's national convention. But only one elected president went down to such inglorious defeat. That was Franklin Pierce, elected in 1852. At the 1856 Democratic convention, he lost the nomination — on the 17th ballot — to James Buchanan, who had been the U.S. ambassador to Great Britain. Four other incumbent presidents who sought their party's nomination were defeated at the convention. All of them had ascended to the presidency owing to the death of their predecessor: Chester A. Arthur became president on Sept. 20, 1881, following the assassination of James Garfield. He lost the Republican nomination in 1884 to James Blaine on the fourth convention ballot. Andrew Johnson, who was Abraham Lincoln's Democratic vice president, succeeded the slain Lincoln on April 15, 1865. Johnson showed some early strength at the 1868 Democratic convention, but the nomination went to former New York Gov. Horatio Seymour. Millard Fillmore became president when Zachary Taylor died in July 1850. Fillmore sought to be nominated at the Whig Party's convention in 1852 and led on the first ballot. But the convention chose Gen. Winfield Scott, a Mexican War hero, on the 53rd ballot. John Tyler succeeded to the presidency following the death of William Henry Harrison on April 4, 1841. But Tyler, a Whig and a former Democrat, found support lacking from either party when he sought the job in 1844. The Whigs went with Henry Clay, the Democrats with James K. Polk, and so Tyler formed his own Democratic-Republican Party. But his bid went nowhere, and Tyler eventually withdrew and backed Polk. —Ken Rudin
Suppose: The Republicans win big in 2010. The situation in Afghanistan totally melts down. Another horrific housing crisis arises. Unemployment hits double digits. Energy prices skyrocket. Obama can't push any more major legislation through Congress. Or pick any one of these. Epic panic sets in. And every news home page looks like the Drudge Report.
During the ugly and protracted debate over the health care overhaul, Obama -- who eventually triumphed -- began to look increasingly vulnerable to vulturish Republicans. Dick Cheney and Karl Rove predicted, predictably, that he would be a one-termer. The president himself seemed to acknowledge his own political mortality when he told Diane Sawyer of ABC News in January that he'd rather be a good one-term president than a mediocre two-term president. And most Americans kind of agree with the one-termer idea: A USA Today/Gallup Poll in early April -- even after Obama's health care victory -- found that 50 percent of people polled believe Obama does not deserve to be re-elected.
The one-and-done drumbeat, which began in the heat of the health care battle, may be more muted now. But it hasn't gone away because there are so many other bugbears looming on the horizon.
The key to challenging Obama will not be his low poll numbers, says Julian Zelizer, a presidential historian at Princeton University, "It would all depend on his popularity with the liberal base. This is the only place where you might see someone willing to challenge Obama in the primaries."
But whom? The John Edwards train has been derailed. And as Zelizer and others point out, there is no one as strong as Obama on the horizon.
Still, we can't help but wonder which Democratic understudies might be waiting in the wings should the leading man falter. Here are five possibilities, even if they're not plausibilities:
Courtesy of Ken Rudin
1. The Seasoned Pro. Americans have a more favorable opinion of Hillary Clinton than of President Obama, according to an April 13 CNN/Opinion Research poll. And why not? In the words of the Los Angeles Times, Clinton is "free of political tussles with an enhanced resume burnished on the world stage, thanks to Obama himself." Peter Roff, U.S.News & World Report contributing editor, writes: "The chatter has increased in recent days about Clinton leaving the Cabinet sometime in the first term, likely over some matter of principle, so that she can position herself to challenge Obama in 2012. Perhaps it is just wishful thinking on the part of those Democrats who have already grown tired of Obama." Roff suggests that Clinton knows how to mobilize the necessary political forces to make a run at Obama. The jury is still out on whether she can do it successfully. (See 2008)
Courtesy of Ken Rudin
2. The Rabble Rouser. Howard Dean, former chairman of the Democratic National Committee, is "perfectly positioned" to challenge President Obama in the 2012 primary, according to a provocative post by F. Flambeau on Firedoglake's blog, The Seminal. Because Dean was not invited to join the Obama administration as secretary of health and human services or as surgeon general, the poster asserts, "Dean can publicly criticize the Obama administration as he did recently when he said the health care bill being advanced in the Senate is not worth voting for." Sure, Dean came around on Obama's health care plan, but he has shown that he can be critical of the president. And, Flambeau continues, Dean "is not tied in any way to this administration which is looking more and more like the S.S. Titanic-Obama." Plus: Dean is well-known; he's considered a Washington outsider; and he is a darling of the same progressives and liberals who banded together to elect Obama.
Courtesy of Ken Rudin
3. The Out Of Left Field Candidate. Granted, Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich's flopping on the health care debate places him closer to the Obama center on the political spectrum, not way to the left where he usually hangs out. But that doesn't stop the Kucinichistas, who would like their candidate to run again and score some radical philosophical, push-Obama-further-to-the-left points, if nothing else. In preparation, they have launched a Kucinich 2012 website and a Ron Paul/Dennis Kucinich 2012 Facebook fan page and YouTube channel.
Courtesy of Ken Rudin
4. The Vanity Candidate. Given the flagging economy, who can even afford to mount a challenge to the incumbent president? Multi-gazillionaire Michael Bloomberg, that's who. He's worth some $18 billion, according to a recent Forbes list. He has proved so popular as mayor of New York that he was able to extend the term limit and win a third straight election. Over the years, he has been an avowed Democrat, a Republican and an independent. He sniffed around the presidential contest in 2008, freaking out Democrats who viewed him as a spoiler. He could run as an independent in 2012, but who's to say he won't try to return to his roots and run as a Democrat?
Courtesy of Ken Rudin
5. The Mystery Pol. The candidate most likely to try to dethrone the king may not have really emerged yet. As editors at NPR keep shouting, it's too early to be talking like this. But what if there is some Palin-like politician lurking in the wings out there whom we haven't even thought of? Maybe someone who is a combination of former Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine, former Rep. Harold Ford Jr. of Tennessee, Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri and the Sisters Sanchez (congresswomen Loretta and Linda) of California. Someone who just may be known as the Next Barack Obama.
Because students used to call women ‘bitches' and ‘gold digging ho's,' scholar explains
A women's and gender studies lecturer at North Carolina State University is docking her students' grades for using “sexist language” in class assignments.
What's sexist? “Generalized pronouns,” according to a portion of a syllabus obtained by The College Fix.
The directive is aimed at students in Nancy Bishop's online class “Women and Poverty.”
“Thanks to evolution, generalized pronouns and other biased references are no longer acceptable in any class,” the syllabus reads in a section on “Non-Sexist Language.”
“You may NOT use ‘he' or ‘him' or ‘man' to refer to both men and women,” it continues. Bishop tells students they can replace “mankind” with “humans” or “humankind,” and should write “she or he” instead of just “he,” though the syllabus is unclear on whether students should always lead with a female pronoun.
“Grades will be docked for sexist language in assignments,” the section concludes. It doesn't specify how students should address gender identities outside of the male-female binary.
Time management is the rationale for the language rules
Bishop told The Fix in an email that she requires students to abide by these language directives because of the vulgar language of previous students.
“When addressing women in an academic setting—especially an online one, some students feel that by being behind a computer keyboard they are ‘free' to address women and even women addressing men as something other than what is really respectful,” Bishop said.
“I have had students call women ‘bitches' and ‘gold digging ho's' or label women as ‘maid's or the dishwasher'—etc. and some female students label men as ‘typical ass chasing dicks', etc.,” she said.
Bishop portrayed the language rules as necessary to use time wisely in class and prevent tempers from flaring.
“I would have to spend the semester ‘putting out fires' instead of spending that valuable time teaching. This also opens up the ideal to students that we can live and function in a world without sexism,” she said.
Though North Carolina State doesn't forbid the use of “generalized pronouns” as a school, professors are allowed to set their own rules for class, a university spokesman said in an email to The Fix.
The spokesman added that it is not standard practice at the school to dock points from students for using purportedly sexist language in class.
“The university is dedicated to the transmission and advancement of knowledge and understanding,” the spokesman said. “Academic freedom is essential to the achievement of these purposes.”
‘Failure for the semester' if you keep calling women ‘females'
Bishop isn't the first teacher to punish students academically for politically incorrect language.
Selena Lester Breikks, who is listed as a graduate teaching assistant in the Department of Critical Culture, Gender & Race Studies at Washington State University, goes much further in her syllabus for “Women & Popular Culture.”
As reported by Campus Reform, Breikks lists a wide range of language as “oppressive and hateful” – not only “The Man,” “Colored People” and “Tranny,” but also “referring to women/men as females or males.”
While promising that she will correct such language in class as a “learning moment” for students, Breikks threatens much worse for “repeated use” of verboten terms, “including but not limited to removal from the class without attendance or participation points, failure of the assignment, and – in extreme cases – failure for the semester.”
Immigration references are a sore spot for both Breikks and another WSU colleague, fellow Ph.D. candidate Rebecca Fowler.
Though Breikks is less specific about the consequences students will face for using the term “illegals” or “illegal aliens,” Fowler's syllabus for “Introduction to Comparative Ethnic Studies” – also highlighted by Campus Reform – is quite clear.
Using such terms for undocumented immigrants will earn students a “deduction of one point per incident,” Fowler's syllabus states. She notes that the latest version of the Associated Press Stylebook, which governs many mainstream-media newsrooms, counsels users to reserve “illegal” as an adjective for actions, not people.
Professors at the University of Tennessee-Knoxville have also been given marching orders on how to address students, in a university-wide memo from the Office for Diversity and Inclusion, as The Fix reported last week.
Pride Center Director Donna Braquet wrote on the office's website: “In the first weeks of classes, instead of calling roll, ask everyone to provide their name and pronouns. This ensures you are not singling out transgender or non-binary students.”
Professors should use the name-and-pronoun introduction at every opportunity, Braquet wrote, including on nametags for various meetings.
RELATED: Univ. of Tennessee: Use ‘ze, xe, xem, xyr, zirs, hirs' gender-neutral pronouns
RELATED: UTK student refuses ‘ze, xe, xyr, zirs' gender-neutral pronouns: ‘I will not change my entire vocabulary'
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: Shutterstock
Hints of Lee Rigby. Meanwhile, the British government is busy bringing in many, many more Muslims, which will mean more jihadis, which will mean more abducted and murdered servicemen. It's one of the key glories of multiculturalism.
“Pair who tried to kidnap RAF Marham serviceman ‘part of larger gang,'” Telegraph, July 23, 2016:
Two men who tried to abduct an RAF serviceman at knife-point are likely to have been part of a bigger team, police have warned. The married serviceman was jogging near RAF Marham, Norfolk, on Wednesday when he was grabbed by a man who tried to drag him towards a nearby car.
He was wearing headphones and listening to music so did not hear what the attacker said, but knocked the man to the ground. An accomplice, carrying a knife, helped the attacker to his feet before they both fled.
The serviceman, who is in his late twenties, was said to have been left “very shaken by his ordeal”.
Police have appealed for witnesses to help find two “Middle Eastern” men, and said other people not seen by the victim may have been in the car….
Norfolk Police released descriptions of the two suspects on Friday as service personnel were reportedly sent a memo warning them about the incident. The first suspect is described as between 20 and 30 years old, about 6ft tall, of athletic, stocky build, with dark hair, which was long on top. He had a well-groomed beard, was Middle Eastern in appearance, with a dark skin tone, and he wore dark, casual clothing.
The second suspect is described as being between 20 and 30 but younger than the first suspect and of a slimmer build. He was approximately 5ft 10in, clean-shaven, with short dark hair. He was also Middle Eastern in appearance, and wore a white T-shirt and dark shorts….
Sunday, former Northwestern quarterback Trevor Siemian made his NFL debut with the Denver Broncos. With future Hall of Famer Peyton Manning hurt, Brock Osweiler was the starter and Siemian was his backup. Osweiler got hurt in the second quarter, and the Broncos turned to Siemian.
To Broncos fans, the debut was lost in the shuffle: Osweiler came back in the second half of Denver's 34-27 loss, a critical defeat as the team tries to hang on to its AFC West lead. But to Northwestern fans, it was big: This was the first NFL playing time by a Northwestern quarterback since Jan. 1, 2012, when Mike Kafka played his last of four games with the Philadelphia Eagles.
So we had to do a complete, comprehensive analysis of Siemian's debut. We broke down every snap Siemian played Sunday, and found some good things and found some bad things. Let's take a look:
HIGHLIGHTS
No surprises here. There was one play that was clearly the best play Siemian made Sunday:
Trevor went in and executed the QB kneel absolutely perfectly. Manning might be hurt, but even in his prime he couldn't run the QB kneel better than Siemian did here. It's clear the rookie hasn't been wasting his time on the sidelines with the clipboard. He's been studying up, making sure he knows the playbook inside and out. That showed here.
Plus, Siemian showed some qualities any coach would love to see in their quarterback. It's clear ball security is a priority for Siemian, who smartly keeps himself out of harm's way to avoid taking a dangerous hit or perhaps even fumbling the ball. And he showed his awareness of the game scenario by not trying to force anything with just two seconds before the half.
Some NFL veterans struggle to know when they should and shouldn't force things. That Siemian has such a solid grasp on the game as a rookie speaks to his intelligence -- and in many ways, it speaks to the way he was developed through Northwestern's program.
LOWLIGHTS
I think you guys know which play I'm going to bring up here. If you were watching Sunday, this play will make you cringe.
Trevor, what are you doing! There's nobody near you. Why would you willingly take a loss on the play?
I'm not going to be too harsh on Siemian. This is the type of thing that happens to quarterbacks in their NFL debuts all the time. You spend your whole life playing this game, hours and hours practicing and practicing every possible skill. And then, your first time in front of all those fans on that big stage, you freak out. Your brain turns to mush, your arm turns to flubber, and all those finely tuned skills vanish.
Siemian wasn't the most graceful quarterback in college -- far from it -- but I think we watched him enough to know that a gaffe this gauche is atypical. Let's chalk this one up to panic under the bright lights and pretend it never happened. Hopefully, Siemian can do the same. The worst case scenario is he can't clear his head and never gets past his rookie mistake.
SHOWING OFF THE SKILLS
I watched every snap Siemian took, and although this one might fly under the radar, it's the play that stood out most to me as one where Siemian showed his potential:
Is this the flashiest play? No. But Siemian's footwork is impeccable. Look at the ease with which he makes his steps.
A lot of times, you'll see a rookie QB thinking instead of doing. You don't have time to do that in the NFL. Siemian's clearly practiced to the point where he doesn't have to think.
Plus -- jokes about his 4.38 speed aside -- Siemian shows great agility here. Remember, speed and agility are different things, and both help.
ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT
Watching the tape, I saw one play that I know Siemian's coaches are gonna show him over and over in the film room this week. Was it the worst play the Broncos ran all day? No. But when you look at what might've been, you'll see what I mean.
To understand what I'm talking about here, let's look at how the Steelers line up before the snap:
Ummmm, Trevor, look up: The Steelers are overloading your right side... and you don't have any players on the right side. That means that somewhere, somebody's going to be unguarded.
But it gets worse. As soon as Siemian snaps the ball, Pittsburgh's left inside linebacker, Terence Garvin, immediately begins running towards the right sideline.
It's clear that Pittsburgh was suspecting something to the right side of the field. If Siemian audibles to a play to the left -- maybe even as simple as a power run to the left side -- Denver's going to have a numbers advantage, and Pittsburgh might not be able to do anything about it until there's a man in the end zone.
A veteran QB probably makes these reads and subsequent adjustments immediately. Siemian just isn't there yet. It's clear that he needs more reps.
This play didn't go as well as it could've Sunday, but if Siemian and the Broncos coaching staff make sure he knows what he did wrong here, we won't see him making these mistakes for long.
* * *
Sunday, Siemian showed he has everything you need to play quarterback in the NFL: arms, legs, a uniform, a contract with an NFL team, and perhaps most importantly, one of those little pouches that you can put your hands in during the game. When the coaches called his name, he was ready. I think it's safe to say that at this point, Trevor Siemian now has an NFL career.
From the smell of flowers to the taste of wine, our perception is strongly influenced by prior knowledge and expectations, a cognitive process known as top-down control.
In a University of California, San Diego School of Medicine study published July 13 in the online journal Nature Neuroscience, a research team led by Takaki Komiyama, PhD, assistant professor of neurosciences and neurobiology, reports that in mouse models, the brain significantly changed its visual cortex operation modes by implementing top-down processes during learning.
"We found that when the mouse assigns a new meaning to a previously neutral visual stimulus, top-down control becomes much more influential in activating the visual cortex," said first author Hiroshi Makino, PhD, postdoctoral researcher in Komiyama's lab. "Top-down inputs interact with specific neuron types in the visual cortex to modulate its operation modes."
This cognitive process uses our thoughts and influences our senses. For example, when we see a word with missing letters, our brain is able to fill in the blank based on past experiences.
Researchers looked at activity in excitatory neurons and somatostatin-expressing inhibitory neurons in the visual cortex and top-down inputs from the retrosplenial cortex (RSC) during associative learning to see how these affected the top-down and bottom-up processing--when perception begins with the senses.
The findings indicate that intricate interactions of various circuit components effectively change the balance of top-down and bottom-up processing, with learning enhancing the contribution of top-down control. These results support the long-standing theory that the brain does not faithfully represent the environment but rather attempts to predict it based upon prior information.
"In addition to revealing circuit mechanisms underlying these learning-related changes, our findings may have implications in understanding the pathophysiology of psychiatric diseases, such as schizophrenia, that generate abnormal perception," said Makino.
Funding for this research came, in part, from the National Institutes of Health (1R01NS091010-01, 1R01DC014690-01), Japan Science and Technology Agency (PRESTO), Pew Charitable Trusts, Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, David & Lucile Packard Foundation, Human Frontier Science Program, McKnight Foundation and New York Stem Cell Foundation.
Ben Platt, the 23-year-old Tony award-winning star of “Dear Evan Hansen,” loves the National High School Musical Theater Awards. Or to use his words, he is “totally obsessed” with the competition, also known as the Jimmy Awards, now in its ninth year.
The Jimmys take over Broadway's Minskoff Theater for one sparkly Monday night each June, transforming the set of “The Lion King” into a showcase for 74 of the nation's most talented theatrical hopefuls. The teenage contestants warble ballads, show off their fan kicks and smile until their faces hurt in an attempt to win college scholarships and cash prizes. And, if they are really lucky, they just might catch the eye of a powerful Broadway casting director.
Mr. Platt was not discovered through the Jimmys — though the casting director of “Dear Evan Hansen,” Tara Rubin, serves as a regular judge — but as this year's host, he admitted during the June 26 ceremony that he is a rabid fan, having binged on past performances thanks to YouTube. “I watch those videos religiously,” Mr. Platt said after the show via phone. “If I was 17 again, I would have one-million percent wanted to be in the Jimmys. I would have focused my whole year around it.”
And his participation must have felt particularly exciting for its young contestants — he is, after all, not that much older than them, and fresh off winning a Tony for playing an awkward teenager struggling to connect.
Nate Silver earlier this morning
That plan has been outmoded by a new plan hammered out by the White House and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, still being finalized. When it's completed, it will be attached as an amendment to Reid's bill (Reid will be able to recall that legislation by voting to filibuster his own plan, knowing it's doomed anyhow).
It's difficult to see how it could have ended otherwise. Virtually no Democrats are willing to go past Aug. 2 without raising the debt ceiling. Plenty of Republicans are prepared to blow through the deadline. That's not a dynamic that lends itself to a deal. That's a dynamic that lends itself to a ransom. But Democrats will have their turn. On Dec. 31, 2012, three weeks before the end of President Barack Obama's current term in office, the Bush tax cuts expire. Income tax rates will return to their Clinton-era levels. That amounts to a $3.6 trillion tax increase over 10 years, three or four times the $800 billion to $1.2 trillion in revenue increases that Obama and Speaker John Boehner were kicking around. And all Democrats need to do to secure that deal is...nothing.
What happens next, from TPM And while we wait, here's a piece from Ezra arguing that the Bush tax cuts are the undiscussed other side of the coin, the shoe that's yet to drop.That, of course, requires some trust in the White House to either stand firm or cut taxes in an election year.
Trust, we'll note for the record, is currently in short supply.
Canada defeated arch-rivals the United States to win the inaugural BT Wheelchair Rugby Challenge at the Copper Box Arena in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London today.
The two countries were meeting for the second time in the tournament after Canada had earned a 58-57 victory in the group stage and both sides produced an equally thrilling match to bring the curtain down on the five-day tournament.
Michael Whitehead scored an early hat-trick but Canada still finished the opening quarter 15-14 behind.
They fought back in the second, though, to take a 28-26 half-time lead.
Canada preserved their narrow lead in the third quarter and, with the game stretched in the closing eight minutes, they exploited gaps in the American defence to extend their advantage and seal a 54-50 win in a tournament staged to coincide with the Rugby World Cup currently being held in England.
European champions Britain overcame France to seal fifth place in front of their home crowd ©IWRF
Paralympic and world champions Australia were able to make some amends for their semi-final loss to the US, claiming the bronze medal after another thrilling and closely fought match, seeing off the challenge of Japan.
The Australian side moved into a 19-16 lead by the close of the first quarter but rather than being brushed aside, as they were in yesterday's semi-final defeat against Canada, Japan remained in the tie throughout the majority of the contest.
They ultimately fell short in the closing stages as Australia's produced some high-quality moves in the final quarter to eventually emerge 60-55 winners.
Earlier in the day, Britain underlined their status as European champions, overcoming France in impressive style in front of their home fans.
Ayaz Bhuta and Jim Roberts proved to be two of the star performers for the British team won 53-49.
South Africa ended the eight team tournament without a win to their credit after they were comprehensively beaten 76-29 by New Zealand in the seventh place classification match.
Related stories
October 2015: United States stun Paralympic champions Australia to reach BT World Wheelchair Rugby Challenge final
October 2015: Paralympic champions the first to qualify for semi-finals of BT World Wheelchair Rugby Challenge
October 2015: Ayaz Bhuta: They don't call wheelchair rugby "murderball" for nothing
October 2015: Australia begin BT Wheelchair Rugby Challenge campaign with two victories
October 2015: Canada and Great Britain off to winning starts at the BT World Wheelchair Rugby Challenge
A collision between U.S. and Russian satellites in early February may have been a test of new U.S. technology to intercept and destroy satellites rather than an accident, a Russian military expert has said.
MOSCOW, March 3 (RIA Novosti) - A collision between U.S. and Russian satellites in early February may have been a test of new U.S. technology to intercept and destroy satellites rather than an accident, a Russian military expert has said.
According to official reports, one of 66 satellites owned by Iridium, a U.S. telecoms company, and the Russian Cosmos-2251 satellite, launched in 1993 and believed to be defunct, collided on February 10 about 800 kilometers (500 miles) above Siberia.
However, Maj. Gen. (Ret.) Leonid Shershnev, a former head of Russia's military space intelligence, said in an interview published by the Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper on Tuesday that the U.S. satellite involved in the collision was used by the U.S. military as part of the "dual-purpose" Orbital Express research project, which began in 2007.
Orbital Express was a space mission managed by the United States Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and a team led by engineers at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC).
According to the DARPA, the program was "to validate the technical feasibility of robotic, autonomous on-orbit refueling and reconfiguration of satellites to support a broad range of future U.S. national security and commercial space programs."
Orbital Express was launched in March 2007 as part of the U.S. Air Force Space Test Program's STP-1 mission. It tested a prototype servicing satellite (ASTRO) and a surrogate next generation serviceable satellite (NextSat). The demonstration program met all the mission success criteria and was officially completed in July 2007.
Shershnev claims the U.S. military decided to continue with the project to "develop technology that would allow monitoring and inspections of orbital spacecraft by fully-automated satellites equipped with robotic devices."
The February collision could be an indication that the U.S. has successfully developed such technology and is capable of manipulating 'hostile satellites,' including their destruction, with a single command from a ground control center, the general said.
Search Gallery Portraits Eye See You by Liam J. York MrYorkie 282 Advertisement Advertisement The Joker - finished MrYorkie 12 Ironman by Liam J. York MrYorkie 272 Ezio Auditore Da Firenze by Liam York MrYorkie 310 Captain Jack Sparrow by Liam J. York MrYorkie 100 Prince of Persia by Liam York MrYorkie 31 Connor Kenway by Liam York MrYorkie 126 Elsa - Frozen MrYorkie 171 Jimi Hendrix by Liam York MrYorkie 104 The Amazing Spider-Man by Liam J. York MrYorkie 63 American Psycho by Liam York MrYorkie 40 Robert Downey Jr. by Liam J. York MrYorkie 98 Lauren Bacall by Liam J. York MrYorkie 1,433 Freddy Kruger MrYorkie 116 Gandalf The Grey by Liam J. York MrYorkie 266 The Batman by Liam J. York MrYorkie 321 The Crow by Liam J. York MrYorkie 189 The Joker by Liam J. York MrYorkie 151 Why So Serious? by Liam J. York MrYorkie 302 Bane by Liam J. York MrYorkie 93 Marv by Liam J. York MrYorkie 42 Darth Vader by Liam J. York MrYorkie 108 Dave Grohl by Liam York MrYorkie 12 Audrey Hepburn by Liam York MrYorkie 45
February starts with a ‘replay'
Hi everyone,
A very cold Sunday has been the end to a week that leaves a good win at home, but there is no time for celebrations as this very Tuesday we have the FA Cup replay against Cambridge. We want to make it to the next round and we are absolutely focused on that because, as I said before, the team is very excited about this competition.
Against Leicester we were able to take our good chances in the first half, and that allowed us to have a quiet game and to enjoy it more than other weeks. We don't want to relax though. Every game is complicated: see what happened to Bayern after the Bundesliga break.
In sports, having respect for your opponent is a must. Even more in football, where distances have shortened. That is something we are aware of ahead of our game against Cambridge. Not long ago they proved to be a tough rival.
A few days later, on Sunday, we will play at West Ham. There is no time for a break. At this stage of the season we need to be more consistent than ever in order to retain the third spot and to approach the teams in the top two.
This week I have had a good time in front of the TV with the Asian Cup and the African Cup. I would like to congratulate Australia, one of our rivals in the World Cup a few months ago, for winning a very interesting final against South Korea, always a combative team. I haven't watched many games of the Asian Cup, but enough to see some good players such as Mathew Ryan, Son Heung Min or Abdulhraman.
In Spain, Real Madrid displayed all their quality to beat Real Sociedad and now they face two important challenges in la Liga: Sevilla at home and Atlético away. Barça had to come back twice against Villarreal, a very good side full of skilled players. Aside from that, I would like to highlight two great goals from my former team-mate Aduriz versus Levante. He has had a good week because he also scored in the Copa del Rey.
There have been a few more sporting events to follow recently, like the Australian Open, where Nole Djokovic showed how good he is, although Andy Murray had his chances too. This is the fifth title in Australia for the Serbian, what else can I say. He is one of my favourite tennis players. I've been lucky to meet him personally several times, and by the way, he is a great football fan.
In handball, it's a pity that Spain couldn't get the bronze medal at the end, although the team did a great tournament. Congratulations to Poland, who beat Spain, and to France, the winners in Qatar. Also to Valero Rivera because, as he did in the previous World Championship, he has showed what a good coach he is.
Moving to a different sport, as I write this the Super Bowl is starting. I'm not an expert on American football, but I'm sure I'm going to learn a couple of things more tonight… The media coverage of the match is amazing!
Have a nice week! Hugs!
Juan
PS: I say goodbye with a few words of remembrance for Luis Aragonés, who passed away a year ago. He was a charismatic manager and played a key role in the success of the Spanish football. He will always be remembered.
Also, I want to wish good luck to my friend Anderson, who is back to football in his native Brazil. All the best, my friend!
Andhra Pradesh, a pioneering state in implementing e-Governance initiatives, is set to take another giant step by introducing e-Office system in all districts.
Advertising
e-Office will be introduced on a pilot basis in all 13 districts in June followed by a full-scale launch in July, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu announced at the two-day conference of district collectors in Vijayawada on Wednesday.
Already 2,23,582 files with 1,72,40,119 pages have been scanned and kept ready while another 2,02,193 files would also be digitised soon.
[related-post]
Incidentally, a first-of-its-kind e-Cabinet system is already in place, enabling paperless meetings of the state Cabinet, with the Chief Minister and his colleagues using iPads for transacting the agenda.
The Chief Minister directed officials to constitute a Cybersecurity wing to ensure safety of the electronic files.
A three-member committee would also be constituted to prepare the e-file protocol.
He directed the Information Technology Department to submit quarterly reports on e-files and e-Office implementation.
“Many files come to my office but only some are directly placed before me depending on one's likes. But with e-Office,
priorities can be easily listed and I can directly peruse them,” the Chief Minister remarked.
Even the employees associations were happy with the e-Office system as it eases the work, he said.
Advisor to government (Information Technology) J Satyanarayana made a presentation on various e-Governance initiatives.
Advertising
Chief Secretary Satya Prakash Tucker and other top bureaucrats attended.
Some of the bosses are completely nuts.
Housemarque clearly still believes in the futuristic-retro-action-neon-light-show launch-game strategy that served them so well with Super Stardust HD years ago on the PlayStation 3. Now they're back at the dawn of the PS4 with Resogun, which is to Defender what Stardust HD was to Asteroids. And just like Stardust HD, Resogun is a game you'd be crazy not to install on your new console the day you get it, unless super-fast twin-stick shooters with pounding beats and a hell of bullets just make you sick or something.
If you remember much about the way Defender works, Resogun is basically that, with a few extra mechanics layered on there. Each of the five levels has 10 stranded electro-pixel people that you want to save and deliver to a drop-off point before they die in their glowing jail cells. You free the humans by killing all of a set of enemy "keepers" that occasionally spawn somewhere in the level. If you miss the keepers before they fly out the top of the map, the associated human dies, and you miss the chance for the score and power-up they would have provided if you'd saved them. The biggest catch with the keepers is that they'll often spawn clear on the other side of the level, so if the robo-announcer lady happens to mention that some new keepers have shown up and you can't see them, it's a mad dash around the map to figure out where they are before you miss your chance.
Of course, all of this is going on in the midst of about a zillion other enemies trying to destroy you at all times, but you've got some effective tools to fight them off. There's a crucial ability to boost, which lets you invincibly fly through enemies and bullets and then creates a little area-of-effect explosion at the end. The boost charges back up quickly, which is a good thing, since it's your most important way to not only get out of a tight spot but also haul yourself to where a human needs saving before they die. You build up a separate overdrive meter by killing enemies that lets you go into a slo-mo state and gives you a massive energy beam that ruins everything around you and racks up combo points. And then there's a map-clearing smart bomb, which no dual-joystick shooter should be without. You can sometimes pick up more of those by dropping off enough humans.
There's kind of a push-and-pull dynamic in each level that I found myself really enjoying as I got deeper into the game. Shooting regular enemies increases your basic score multiplier, so you want to be shooting enemies constantly. But you have to weigh the importance of maintaining your multiplier, which resets itself very quickly, against staying on your toes to keep up with the keepers and save all the humans in a level. You don't have to save everyone to progress--once you've killed enough enemies, you fight a boss and move on--but it certainly behooves your weapon upgrades and final score. And make no mistake, this is a score game. There's a decent amount of variability in the way you play Resogun since there are three ships that are stronger and weaker in areas like speed, boost, and overdrive, so you can mix and match from level to see what play style works best where. But with only five levels that feature preset enemy distributions on a given difficulty, there's only so much reason to keep playing the game if you aren't the kind of person who likes to go for higher scores and obsess over leaderboards. If you are that kind of person, you'll stick with the game for a while.
There is in fact a video game taking place in here somewhere.
Even if you only want to play through the five levels once--which might take you a while on anything but the easiest difficulty level, because the game is no joke later on--the spectacle alone is easily worth showing up for. Resogun features the highest concentration of neon particle effects and shimmering voxel showers you're going to find this season, and the soundtrack's tempo is perfectly timed to the action. It's also got the best retro-future arcade sound effects and post-processed robot voices I've heard in a long, long time. The game is a real audio-visual treat, even if it might make you want to go lie down after a while.
Resogun probably owes its existence largely to Our Father of Holy Dual-Joystick Launch Games Geometry Wars, and I'm glad Housemarque is keeping that tradition going. Every suped-up new console should launch with a game like this. It's no happy accident that Resogun is going to be available free to PlayStation Plus members for a while, and since every PS4 ships with a free Plus trial in the box, the game is effectively free for the month-long trial to anyone who buys the system around launch. It's a little hard to wrap your head around the idea that what's arguably the best exclusive game on the PS4 so far is sort of a pack-in freebie, but even at the normal $15 asking price, Resogun would be an easy download to recommend.
Twenty-four-year old Smita Tandi is a policewoman who puts her proficiency in social media to good use by serving people from disadvantaged backgrounds. The Chattisgarh-based cop has more than 7,20,000 followers on Facebook, who keep track of her every post to see how they can help people in distress.
Smita joined the police force for training in 2011. However in 2013, her father Shiv Kumar Tandi fell ill and the family was unable to fund his medical treatment.
Shiv Kumar Tandi was a constable too, but after he met with an accident in 2007, he was forced to retire from the police force. Following his untimely demise in a private hospital, Smita realised that there were thousands of people whose death could be prevented with timely medical intervention.
She decided to help poor people in medical need by making the general public aware of such cases and requesting them to help out with the expenses of the treatment, if possible.
She and her friends launched a Facebook group in 2014 in order to create awareness about government schemes for poor people as well as to help them seek donations. She told Hindustan Times, “I decided to take the cause to Facebook. Initially, people did not respond to my posts, but in a month started donating money. I believe people accepted I was not ‘fake' and trusted me.” Whenever the state-level volleyball player learns about the problem of a poor person in Bhilai, Raipur or anywhere close by, she visits the person when she can and posts about them on Facebook only after checking out the facts.
Up until now, Smita has managed to help 25 people pay for expensive medical treatment. One such person is an autorickshaw driver called Dinesh Pratap Singh, who is based out of Bhilai. His 13-year-old daughter was suffering from a form of cancer, which doctors in Bhilai were unable to diagnose. He told Hindustan Times, “I went to Raipur and admitted her to a private hospital. I came to know of Smita Tandi. She came to my house and raised money for me through Facebook. I managed to take my daughter to Delhi. Her condition is better now.”
Her quick responses and proactive approach to helping people in need has helped her develop a good rapport with her seniors in Chattisgarh. She was recently assigned the role of heading the social media complaint cell of Bhilai women's helpline.
To follow her on Facebook, click here.
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.
NEW: Click here to get positive news on Whatsapp!
This post is an analysis of a very interesting optimization proposed by Nicholas Frechette in the comments under the previous post and t0rakka on Reddit. They proposed to use one of the oldest tricks in performance cookbook - divide and conquer. Well, it did not turn out as I expected.
Recap
The last implementation of GetNonZeroIndexes looked like this:
public IList < int > GetNonZeroIndexes () { List < int > ret = new List < int >(); for ( var i = 0 ; i < _array . Length ; i ++) { var a = _array [ i ]; if ( a != 0U L ) { if (( a & 1U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 0 ); if (( a & 2U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 1 ); if (( a & 4U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 2 ); if (( a & 8U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 3 ); . . . . . if (( a & 1152921504606846976U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 60 ); if (( a & 2305843009213693952U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 61 ); if (( a & 4611686018427387904U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 62 ); if (( a & 9223372036854775808U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 63 ); } } return ret ; }
How can this get better?
Divide and conquer
Theory
The above approach is a brute force approach. Why? I am iterating over the long and checking for every bit if it is set. This is wasteful since most of them are not set (remember those are sparse arrays). The better approach would be to test multiple bits at once. How? Bit masks - as always :)
Using bit masks and the AND operation I could check the first 32 bits (from 64 that ulong has):
0000000011111111 <- masc 0001100110001001 <- value 0000000010001001 <- after AND
If any bit in this range is set then the result will be greater than zero. Simple as that.
Implementation
I could replace GetNonZeroIndexes with this code:
public IList < int > GetNonZeroIndexes () { var ret = new List < int >(); for ( var i = 0 ; i < _array . Length ; i ++) { var a = _array [ i ]; if ( a != 0U L ) //is any bit set? { if (( a & BitVectorMaskConsts . _0_32 ) > 0 ) //is any of the 32 least significant bits set? { if (( a & BitVectorMaskConsts . _0_16 ) > 0 ) //is any of the 16 least significant bits set? { if (( a & BitVectorMaskConsts . _0_8 ) > 0 ) //is any of the 8 least significant bits set? { if (( a & BitVectorMaskConsts . _0_4 ) > 0 ) //is any of the 4 least significant bits set? { if (( a & 1U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 0 ); if (( a & 2U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 1 ); if (( a & 4U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 2 ); if (( a & 8U L ) != 0U L ) ret . Add ( i * 64 + 3 ); } if (( a & BitVectorMaskConsts . _4_8 ) > 0 ){ . . . . } } } } } return ret ; }
Complexity
What divide and conquer is doing is simulating a binary tree consisting of 64 nodes.
Since my tree is fully balanced (equal number of nodes on the left and right) its max depth is equal to log n . With n equal to a number of leafs in the tree. I am doing a brute force iteration over the last 4 elements so my number of leafs is 64/4 = 16. This means that I'll be doing from 5 to 9 checks in the worst case. Looks promising.
Performance results
How did it affect performance? The last best sample run took 297 seconds. With divide and conquer it takes 283 seconds. This translates to:
(283 / 2199) * 182184 ~ 6,5 hours (starting from 34 hours, and 6,8 in the best run)
So I am doing even an order of magnitude fewer operations than before and all I get is 15 seconds? Maybe if I go to leaf size of 2 it will be better? I will be doing less so it should be faster? Even more, let's plot how execution time is dependent on leaf size
Leaf size vs. time
Below is a table comparing leaf size to execution time (they are an average of 3 runs).
Size of the chunk Execution time St.dev 64 299 seconds 2.3 32 277 seconds 3.5 16 296 seconds 3.5 8 293 seconds 2.3 4 283 seconds 6.5 2 297 seconds 4.3
Making sense of it all
Why did my execution time not go down as expected? Couple reasons:
Things changed
I've started from 968 seconds for the test run, and most of this time was spent in Similarity . Now if I look at the profiler:
Similarity is still using the most CPU, but it is not the GetNonZeroIndexes that is the hogger. I'm just slowly getting closer and closer to the minimum execution time.
Why leaf size of 2 is slower than leaf size of 4?
Execution in current processors in not linear. They execute instructions in advance hoping that they will guess the flow. When they are right it is very fast, when it is a miss performance suffers greatly. It is called branch prediction.
This situation leads to the fact that sorting and then processing the array may be faster then just processing, or calculating the minimum of two numbers is faster using bit operations then using if.
My guess is that two and four leaf implementation suffers mostly from that.
AFTER YEARS OF INTENSE SECRECY , the Obama administration on Monday announced that it will for the first time acknowledge the number of people it has killed in drone strikes outside of conventional war zones, including civilians. The report, administration officials said, will be released “in the coming weeks,” and will continue to be released annually. The news came as the Pentagon confirmed that it had carried out one of the largest airstrikes in the history of the war on terror.
Lisa Monaco, the president's counterterrorism and homeland security adviser, described the plan in comments made during a talk at the Council on Foreign Relations. “We know that not only is greater transparency the right thing to do, it is the best way to maintain the legitimacy of our counterterrorism actions and the broad support of our allies,” Monaco said, adding that the operations described in the report would not cover areas of “active hostilities,” such as Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria.
Human rights groups and legal organizations acknowledged the significance of the move but said more needs to be done. “This is an important step, but it should be part of a broader reconsideration of the secrecy surrounding the drone campaign,” the ACLU's deputy legal director, Jameel Jaffer, said in a statement. On Friday, the U.S. government, as part of a long-running legal battle with the ACLU, said it would release a redacted version of the Presidential Policy Guidance, the rules and law it relies on for so-called targeted killing. Jaffer argued such documents must be released in order to have a full accounting of the administration's drone program.
“The administration should also release the legal memos that supply the purported legal basis for drone strikes — particularly those carried out away from recognized battlefields,” Jaffer said. “The authority to use lethal force should be subject to more stringent oversight by the public, by Congress, and, at least in some contexts, by the courts.”
Amnesty International's Naureen Shah echoed the call for more precise information on the administration's legal standards. “Today's announcement is a welcome and crucial step, but the upcoming disclosure must include information on the U.S. government's definitions and legal standards for these strikes,” Shah said in a statement. “Only then will policymakers, the human rights community, and the general public have the information necessary to assess the administration's numbers and the drone program's impact.”
For years, U.S. policymakers and national security officials have alluded to varying numbers of casualties resulting from drone strikes. Dianne Feinstein, a member of Senate Intelligence Committee, and John Brennan, the director of the CIA, have both described civilian casualty totals in the “single digits.” Meanwhile, Sen. Lindsey Graham once put the overall death toll at 4,700. Last year, in The Drone Papers, The Intercept published a cache of classified military documents revealing the technological limitations of the Pentagon's drone program outside of active war zones, its controversial reliance on electronic intelligence to trigger strikes, and, in the case of one campaign in Afghanistan, a tendency to kill large numbers of people in pursuit of a single target.
While the administration's newly announced drone report would mark a turning point in acknowledging some of its most controversial counterterrorism operations, its full scope was not immediately clear. The Obama administration has overseen targeted killing operations in several countries, including Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, and Libya. Both the military and the CIA carry out the strikes. The CIA's drone strikes, however, are classified as covert, meaning they are not officially acknowledged by the administration.
The Intercept posed several questions to the White House regarding the administration's upcoming drone strike reports, including whether the data will reflect covert operations and strikes in Pakistan and whether it will incorporate the years of data gathered by NGOs. Those questions were not answered. A senior administration official said in an email, “When deciding whether an operational area is an ‘area of active hostilities' for purposes of the President's [counterterrorism] policy guidance, we take into consideration, among other things, the scope and intensity of the fighting.”
“We consider, for example, Iraq and Syria to be ‘areas of active hostilities' based on what we are seeing on the ground right now,” the official added. “This is not the same as a determination that an armed conflict is taking place in the country at issue. Regardless of that determination, we are committed to being precise and discriminating in our use of lethal force; to comply with all applicable law, including the law of armed conflict; and to taking extreme care to minimize the risk of civilian casualties in all of our actions.”
Last month, retired Gen. Michael Hayden, the former head of the CIA and the NSA, wrote an op-ed for the New York Times lavishing praise on drone warfare as “the most precise and effective application of firepower in the history of armed conflict.” Days later, the Stimson Center, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank, published a report card evaluating the administration's transparency on drone policy. The administration received a string of failing grades.
As if to underscore how engrained the administration's approach to warfare has become, while Monaco spoke Monday, reports began to surface of a massive U.S. counterterrorism strike in Somalia. The Pentagon reported that more than 150 suspected members of al Shabaab had been killed roughly 120 miles north of the nation's capital of Mogadishu, making it one of the largest instances of U.S. airpower in recent memory, with a death toll that exceeded every U.S. counterterrorism mission in Somalia over the past nine years combined.
“We know they were going to be departing the camp and they posed an imminent threat to U.S. and [African Union] forces,” said Captain Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesperson. “Initial assessments are that more than 150 terrorist fighters were eliminated.” Early reports attributed to the attack to a drone strike. The Pentagon later corrected itself, and the Associated Press reported that the strikes included multiple drones and manned aircraft launching missiles at the camp. The Pentagon spokesperson said he was confident the strikes would “degrade al Shabaab's ability.”
Related:
There's a chance Spider-Man will finally be included in the Marvel movie universe where he belongs. The Register is reporting that Sony is looking to sell off some of their movie properties, including Spider-Man and Resident Evil. Apparently, Sony Pictures is going through some financial issues. This is basically a cost cutting measure in order to put more work and effort into the company's electronics division. This is the direct quote form the site:
Sony has said that it will consider a proposal from activist investor Daniel Loeb that the group should sell off parts of its music and movies business, which includes popular franchises Spider-Man and Resident Evil and the weepy ballads of Brit crooner Adele.
Sony Chief executive Kazuo Hirai, confirms the news and says the board is actually considering the proposal saying,
Third Point's proposal involves the way we manage a core business of the Sony group and the direction of our management. So the Sony board will give it thorough consideration before replying to Mr Loeb.
Nothing is set in stone yet, but it looks like there's a chance Spider-Man could go back to Marvel if they want it. And why wouldn't they? I'm curious to see how this all plays out. But in all honesty I don't see why Sony would get rid of one of their biggest most profitable properties, it's hard to believe that they would be willing to do that, and I doubt that they will.
BRIEF SYNOPSIS: A fantasy story about a clash of empires and how their people try to survive as pawns.
MY REVIEW :
PROS: Superb world building, rigorous research, and achingly detailed lives of its characters; a Renaissance that doesn't forget brown people existed.
CONS: Plot can be slow; not all characters are given enough to do.
BOTTOM LINE: Another successful Literary Fantasy from Guy Gavriel Kay, where the quiet is as important as the noise.
Guy Gavriel Kay picks hard targets. Children of Earth and Sky is a novel about the conflict between what people want to do with their lives, and how others define them. This is the theme of Pero Villani, an artist who's worked his entire life to paint one thing he can be proud of, only for his employer to order that canvas destroyed. The theme follows to dire times, as when a skirmish between forces on the highway could change international affairs, but the archers involved are just scrambling to survive. This gives rise to a conflict larger than the entire novel, between a fantastical Renaissance Italy and their Ottoman counterpart. Neither side cares about each other's interests or cultures, only the anticipated threats.
Where switching points of view is often cloying in Fantasy, the disorientation is key to the pleasure. Early on we meet Marin Djivo in bed, saddened that his lover is already dressing to leave him. He's caught up in economic intrigue and a pit of depression and feels so fully defined that I was stunned to later meet him from Pero's point of view and learn Marin was supposed to be gorgeous and dashing. It's because Marin doesn't see himself that way, and that inequity is part of what makes him attractive to others. You could argue that they misread him. The novel would like you to argue about it.
This is the reason you're reading. Yes, empires are heading into war, and our lead characters are assembled on a perilous spying mission. But that's just what endangers their lives. It's never the point. Some leads are killed before their arcs end, while others outlive their arcs leaving you to wonder what's left for them. Their lives keep dispersing, and you'll follow them toiling in foreign courts or falling bleeding to the deck of a ship because of the strong sense of defined existence.
The novel has less unified forward motion than Under Heaven or River of Stars, trading it for an even deeper investment into what it is to be very small in the face of historic conflicts. This often means waiting, the pain of resignation, and chapters passing with the characters accomplishing little. Pero and Marin's allies, Dr. Jacopo Miucci and Leonora Valeri must pose as a married couple, pretending this, but also helplessly pretending they couldn't be poisoned or abducted on any given day. That will frustrate some readers, where others will become hooked on its subtle pleasures. Those times when you despair for a character stranded in the wrong place in the world, and an errant line suggests someone they love might be nearby. Out of nowhere, you hope for them.
Danica is going to be many people's favorite character, especially if you felt stifled by the role of women in River of Stars. She has clear missions in life, both to intervene in the bloodshed, and to find her lost brother. She's highly capable with a bow, unafraid of going rogue from the establishment, always brings her pet dog and her grandfather's ghost on an adventure.
Oh yeah. Danica's dead grandfather talks to her in italics, and it's delightfully disorienting. The other characters are trapped in unrelentingly plausible existences – the strangest thing about Pero's life is that he painted something nice once. Because the lives we observe are so grounded, this bald supernaturalism jars the reader. The novel doesn't even wink at this.
This is a broken-in sort of haunting, Danica casually arguing with a dead man while rowing off into deep waters to foil an assassination plot. You're knocked back by it, just as you're knocked back by how Pero sees Marin, or how the scenes switch from past to present tense. If a major death or plot burst happens, don't be surprised if the point of view suddenly swings to put it in an entirely different context. That's how Children of Earth and Sky works. Your head keeps swiveling.
Danica's brother Neven was taken among the djannis, a holy warrior path serving the dreaded khalif. Danica and her ghost of a grandfather cannot rest until he's found, but it's been years. As she ventures with the group hoping for a lead on him, we become increasingly worried that one of them will find the other with an arrow on the battlefield and not even recognize who they've slain. It would be awful to say if that happens. But I guarantee when they cross paths, the novel has an enormous payload for you.
This is far from a conventional fantasy novel. The fantastic elements are often spare, the cultures are rigorously researched, and the characters are often as defined by lack of agency as what they do when they have it. It's a novel to be savored, not devoured.
John Wiswell lives where New York keeps all its trees. John's stories have been published at Fireside, Flash Fiction Online, Daily Science Fiction, and PodCastle. He has been chronically ill for most of his life, and thanks books for restoring his will to live on many nights. He will happily talk books with you until you're both sleep deprived. Follow John on his blog, on Facebook as John Wiswell, and on Twitter as @Wiswell.
Like this: Like Loading...
The 100 Club aims to formally recognise some of the Club's greatest former players.
An official launch event was held in November 2013 with a host of former Arsenal legends in attendance including two goalkeepers - Jimmy Rimmer and John Lukic - defenders Billy McCullough, Lauren and club appearance record holder David O'Leary.
Former midfielders included Michael Thomas, whose goal sealed the 1989 league triumph at Liverpool, Invincibles star Robert Pires and Alan Skirton. Also enjoying the celebrations were forwards Tony Woodcock, John Radford and Alan Smith.
1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15
At 78, Billy ‘Flint' McCullough was the oldest player in attendance. George Eastham, 80, who amassed 207 league appearances for Arsenal between 1960-1966, is the oldest member of The 100 Club.
In their time with Arsenal, The 100 Club members contributed to the Club's 31 major trophies. Their combined appearances total 16,308 over 59 seasons.
Arsenal chairman Sir Chips Keswick said: “It is a pleasure to welcome such an esteemed group of former players to The 100 Club. The faces in attendance bring back so many happy memories for everyone connected with Arsenal Football Club.
“It is only right that as we continue to evolve and aim for new honours and success, we remember those former players that helped make Arsenal what it is today. I look forward to seeing members of The 100 Club at future matches.”
Led by a committee of Bob Wilson, Pat Rice and Frank McLintock, The 100 Club will provide its members with an ongoing official forum to engage with Arsenal, and regular opportunities to attend matches at Emirates Stadium and official Club events.
In addition, an executive box is being made available to The 100 Club for regular use by members.
Bob Wilson, former Arsenal goalkeeper and The 100 Club committee member said: “The Club was very receptive when Pat Rice, Frank McLintock and I started to talk through how such a large group of ex-players could still feel engaged and part of The Arsenal in its present day existence, and we are beyond delighted to be here today at the launch of this very special club.
“Arsenal is a club steeped in history, tradition and class, and I know that every member of The 100 Club is delighted to have a continued official connection. We're one big family and are very much looking forward to seeing the familiar faces at Emirates Stadium on a matchday and at future events.”
All members of The 100 Club have received specially-designed red and white ties. In the future all players with 100 Arsenal league appearances to their names will automatically be enrolled in to The 100 Club when they finish their playing careers, and will be presented with the official tie.
Current members of The 100 Club are as follows:
Men
Player Career Arsenal League Apps John Barnwell 1957-1964 138 Jonny MacLeod 1961-1964 101 Jimmy Magill 1959-1965 116 Billy McCullough 1958-1966 253 Alan Skirton 1960-1966 145 George Eastham 1960-1966 207 Jim Furnell 1963-1968 141 Ian Ure 1963-1969 168 Terry Neill 1960-1970 241 David Court 1962-1970 175 Jon Sammels 1963-1971 215 George Graham 1966-1972 227 Frank McLintock 1964-1973 314 Bob Wilson 1963-1974 234 Ray Kennedy 1969-1974 158 Bob McNab 1966-1975 278 Charlie George 1969-1975 133 Eddie Kelly 1969-1975 175 John Radford 1964-1976 379 Peter Storey 1965-1977 391 Jimmy Rimmer 1974-1977 124 Peter Simpson 1964-1978 370 Pat Rice 1967-1980 397 Liam Brady 1973-1980 235 Sammy Nelson 1969-1981 255 David Price 1973-1981 126 Willie Young 1977-1981 170 Frank Stapleton 1975-1981 225 Alan Sunderland 1977-1983 206 John Hollins 1979-1983 127 Pat Jennings 1977-1984 237 Brian Talbot 1979-1985 254 Stewart Robson 1981-1986 151 Tony Woodcock 1982-1986 131 Charlie Nicholas 1983-1987 151 Viv Anderson 1984-1987 120 Kenny Sansom 1980-1988 314 Graham Rix 1977-1988 351 John Lukic 1984-1990 241 Martin Hayes 1985-1990 102 Michael Thomas 1987-1991 163 Perry Groves 1986-1992 156 David O'Leary 1975-1993 558 Paul Davis 1980-1994 351 Alan Smith 1987-1995 264 Kevin Campbell 1988-1995 166 Andy Linighan 1990-1996 118 David Hillier 1990-1996 104 Paul Merson 1986-1997 327 Ian Wright 1991-1998 221 Steve Bould 1988-1999 287 Nigel Winterburn 1987-2000 440 Marc Overmars 1997-2000 100 Tony Adams 1983-2002 504 Gilles Grimandi 1997-2002 114 Lee Dixon 1988-2002 458 David Seaman 1990-2003 405 Sylvain Wiltord 2000-2004 106 Nwankwo Kanu 1999-2004 119 Ray Parlour 1992-2004 333 Martin Keown 1993-2004 332 Patrick Vieira 1996-2005 279 Robert Pires 2000-2006 189 Lauren 2000-2006 159 Dennis Bergkamp 1995-2006 315 Sol Campbell 2001-2006 146 Freddie Ljungberg 1998-2007 216 Gilberto 2002-2008 170 Kolo Toure 2002-2009 225 William Gallas 2006-2010 101 Jens Lehmann 2003-2011 148 Thierry Henry 1999-2012 258 Manuel Almunia 2004-2012 109 Andrey Arshavin 2009-2013 105 Mikel Arteta 2011-2016 110 Tomas Rosicky 2006-2016 170 Per Mertesacker 2011-2018 156
STILL PLAYING
A further 26 players will become members of The 100 Club when they finish their careers.
Player Career Arsenal League Apps Ashley Cole 1999-2006 156 Emmanuel Adebayor 2006-2009 142 Cesc Fabregas 2003-2011 212 Gael Clichy 2003-2011 187 Emmanuel Eboue 2005-2011 132 Robin van Persie 2004-2012 194 Alex Song 2005-2012 143 Nicklas Bendtner 2005-2013 108 Thomas Vermaelen 2009-2014 110 Bacary Sagna 2007-2014 213 Abou Diaby 2006-2015 125 Mathieu Flamini 2004-2016 168 Aaron Ramsey 2008- 213 Santi Cazorla 2012-2018 129 Laurent Koscielny 2010- 216 Olivier Giroud 2012-2018 180 Kieran Gibbs 2007-2017 137 Wojciech Szczesny 2009-2017 132 Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 2011-2017 132 Jack Wilshere 2008-2018 125 Nacho Monreal 2013- 139 Mesut Ozil 2013- 119 Francis Coquelin 2008-2018 105 Alexis 2014-2018 122 Hector Bellerin 2013- 142 Petr Cech 2015- 110
* Appearances correct at start of 2018/19 season
WOMen
Player Career Total Arsenal Apps Anita Asante 1998-2008 160 Angela Banks 1999-2005 143 Emma Byrne 2000-2016 459 Danielle Carter 2009- 178 Leanne Champ 2001-2008 135 Katie Chapman 2006-2013 181 Gemma Davison 2005-2013* 214 Niamh Fahey 2008-2014 144 Kelley Few 1998-2003 100 Gilly Flaherty 2006-2013 155 Julie Fleeting 2004-2012 141 Ciara Grant 1998-2014 403 Kim Little 2008-* 170 Jayne Ludlow 2000-2013 356 Emma Mitchell 2013- 108 Jordan Nobbs 2010- 181 Kirsty Pealling 1987-2006 177 Mary Phillip 2004-2008 135 Lianne Sanderson 1997-2016* 184 Alex Scott 2002-2018* 313 Kelly Smith 1996-2017* 156 Marieanne Spacey 1993-2002 100 Casey Stoney 1999-2016* 122 Yvonne Tracey 2000-2014 139 Clare Wheatley 1993-2005 155 Faye White 1996-2013 227 Sian Williams 1990-2004 123 Leah Williamson 2014- 101 Rachel Yankey 1996-2016* 314
* Appearances correct as of January 31, 2019
DOG owners have been put on notice after a record fine was imposed on a Sydney man whose pit bull mauled and killed another dog.
Nick Raptis, 34, of Beverly Park, was fined $20, 223 and disqualified from owning a dog for three years after his American pit bull terrier Hannibal attacked a Maltese-silky cross terrier being walked by its owner at Carss Park, in Sydney's south, in April last year.
Happier times ... Jennifer Aldridge and her pet dog Honey at Cronulla Beach six weeks before the dog was mauled and killed.
Jennifer Aldridge, 22, had been walking her dog Honey when the pit bull charged, dragging it out of its collar and onto a road, where the pit bull began eating Honey.
The woman's husband, Murray, tried to stop the attack by beating the dog with a shovel, but had to stop when it bared its teeth at him.
Advertisement Police: 4-year-old boy's wheelchair stolen Prince George's County police release surveillance video Share Copy Link Copy
A 4-year-old whose wheelchair was stolen from the lobby of the apartments where he lives will receive a replacement chair paid for by a woman who says she empathizes with the boy's mother.Mobile users tap here to watch videoThe boy's wheelchair was stolen this week after his mother left it in the lobby of their building as usual. It is easier for her to carry her son, Joshua Romero, to their second-floor apartment on Merrimac Drive in Langley Park.Prince George's County police released surveillance video on Thursday showing a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot and asked for the public's help in identifying the person."It's disturbing to have actually seen that happen. We have watched that video. He doesn't look uncomfortable about anything that he did, and that doesn't sit well with me and hopefully it doesn't sit well with members of the community and they reach out to us," Prince George's County police Capt. Ken Humbel said.On Friday, Nikisha Marshall, of Upper Marlboro, contacted police and said she would donate a customized wheelchair her son outgrew to Joshua. Police have received other offers of donations from as far away as Florida.Workers at an Anne Arundel County adult day care said they were touched when they heard about the story and decided to lend a helping hand by collecting a few hundred dollars for the Romero family."I can't believe that would happen," said Steven Jones, with Foundations Medical Adult Day Care in Linthicum Heights.Jones said it's about paying it forward."If we didn't do it, somebody else would have and hopefully people will continue to help, whether it's helping that family or another family," Jones said.Workers also said they want to invite the family to visit the National Aquarium in Baltimore.Anyone with information about the theft is asked to call police at 866-411-TIPS.32420664Mobile users tap here to watch video
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Sen. Bernie Sanders has accepted an invitation to speak at the Vatican for a conference on social justice next week. The April 15 event, which will be hosted by the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences, is scheduled to cover a number of the Democratic presidential hopeful's signature campaign issues, including income inequality and the environment.
NEW: @BernieSanders invited to speak at the Vatican: ‘I am a big, big fan of the Pope' https://t.co/H3hsF1W5te — Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) April 8, 2016
Sanders' appearance at Vatican City will come just days before the New York primary on April 19.
“I am delighted to have been invited by the Vatican to a meeting on restoring social justice and environmental sustainability to the world economy,” Sanders announced in a statement on Friday.
“Pope Francis has made clear that we must overcome ‘the globalization of indifference' in order to reduce economic inequalities, stop financial corruption, and protect the natural environment. That is our challenge in the United States and in the world.”
How would you spend £691.67bn? That is total spending by the British government for the financial year which ended this March. It's up by 0.3% on the year before if you take inflation into account.
That might sound like an increase. But, for the first time, the data has shown the scale of the cuts hitting government departments in the coalition's first year.
The cuts across departments appear to equal at least £24.9bn in slashed spending to individual government programmes and agencies. Worse is yet to come for Whitehall - with cuts of up to 30% per department coming down the pipeline.
Only 15 out of 54 government departments and major agencies surveyed received no cut.
Thanks to Guardian graphic artist Jenny Ridley, we can see how that spending fits together - and how anything less than a billion is really not that much in government terms - particularly compared to a budget deficit of £110bn for 2010/11.
The biggest departmental cut is for the Department for Transport - which is down over 15%, including inflation, to £12.3bn. That is followed by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA), which has been hit by a 13.4% cut, including inflation, and the Home Office, which is down 7.69%
But, hefty as those cuts are, the research reveals for the first time, the scale of reductions to individual programmes within government. Of 304 specific items of spending identified by the Guardian's data analysis, 201 have been cut - to an average of 17.4%
This is the most comprehensive atlas of public spending available, put together by us with the help of the Institute of Fiscal Studies.
Each year every government department publishes an annual report which includes detailed breakdowns of spending. These are what we have gone through to get the key numbers for you. [If you want to do it yourself, there's a little guide to how to find it at the bottom of this article.]
Included in the worst cuts to major programmes are (including inflation):
• School meals, DFE, -55.1% to £6m
• Rail, DFT, -41% to £2.98bn
• Neighbourhoods, DCLG, -38.45% to £6bn
• Children & families, DFE, -31% to £2bn
• Low carbon UK, DECC, -29.1% to £623m
• Climate change, Defra, -23.2% to £18m
• Roads, Transport, -18.2% to £3.8bn
• Further Education, DFE, -16% to £4.7bn
• Sport, DCMS, -12.3% to £121m
• Coastguard, DFT, -11% to £132m
• BBC, DCMS, -8.69% to £2.955bn
• British Council, FCO, -8.7% to £189m
• Natural History Museum, DCMS, -8% to £49m
• British Museum, DCMS, -7% to £46m
At the same time, benefit spending look set to rise with other programmes which received big real-term increases, including:
• Nuclear Decommissioning Authority, DECC, +81% to £7bn
• Academies, DFE, +58.8% to £2.08bn
• Defence equipment spending, MoD, +31.7% to £22.77bn
• Ceremonial spending, DCMS, +25% to £25m
• Debt relief, DFID, +24% to £66m
• Incapacity benefit, DWP, +13% to £7.8bn
• Criminal legal aid, +8% to £1.2bn
• Housing benefit, +5% to £21.6bn
There are, of course, some hefty caveats. The large cuts in investment spending in part reflect that Labour brought some capital spending forward from 2010-11 into 2009-10. PBR 2008 figures suggest this reallocation would on its own have accounted for a £5.5bn drop in (cash) investment spending between 2009-10 and 2010-11. Roughly £5bn of in-year cuts was announced by the coalition government in May last year. A reasonably large part of the rise in benefits spending is simply accounted for by the fact that benefits are increased each year in line with CPI/average earnings, so even if there were no increase in claimants the amount spent would go up. In particular, state pension spending increased by £3bn in cash terms.
The full data is below. What can you do with it?
The first thing to do is to find each department's annual resource accounts, which come out in July each year. They give you the figures you want, just not in the format you need. Government departmental spending is split into four parts:
• Departmental Expenditure limits (DEL) - capital
• Departmental Expenditure limits (DEL) - resource
• Annually Managed Expenditure (AME) - capital
• Annually Managed Expenditure (AME) - resource
Add those four together and you get the department's total spending - in most of the resource accounts, this is table 1 of the core tables, always labelled Total Departmental Spending. Most of them now sum up the department's totals but not the totals for individual projects. So, you need to add together those four numbers, the resource and capital DEL and AME figures for each project.
We should point out that the new departmental resource accounts - designed to be read by accountants, as opposed to the general public, have made this process harder. See my name and shame guide to the worst government departmental reports here.
When you get the two figures, you may want to work out the %-change including inflation - which makes small increases effectively a cut in spending. Thanks to the IFS' Gemma Tetlow, here's how to do it:
Inflation-adjusted changes are calculated by deflating the cash spending figures by the change in the GDP deflator, which is available from HM Treasury. GDP deflator growth between 2009-10 and 2010-11 was 2.97%. So, as an example: If spending on Department X in 2009-10 was £100bn… … and spending on Department X in 2010-11 was £120bn... …then the inflation-adjusted spending figure for 2010-11 is: 120/1.0297 = £116.54 (i.e. in 2009-10 prices) ...and the "real growth" in Department X spending between 2009-10 and 2010-11 is: 100*(120/(100*1.0297)-1) = 16.5% growth.
How government departments compare
Government spending by department, 2010/11 Click heading to sort table. Download this data DEPARTMENT 2009/10, £bn 2010/11, £bn % change including inflation TOTAL EXPENDITURE 669.44 691.67 0.34 Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) 155.28 160.18 0.18 Department of Health (DH) 102.28 105.6 0.28 Department for Education 56.8 58.34 -0.24 HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) 44.95 45.78 -1.09 Debt interest payments 31.3 43.9 36.21 Ministry of Defence (MoD) 39.09 39.46 -1.95 Communities and Local Government (CLG) 39.73 37.83 -7.51 DEVOLVED SPENDING SCOTLAND 32.9 34.88 2.95 Department for Business, Innovation and Skills 26.39 24.04 -11.52 DEVOLVED SPENDING WALES 16.04 15.87 -3.92 Department for Transport (DfT) 14.65 12.32 -18.33 Home Office (HO) 10.99 10.45 -7.69 Ministry of Justice (MoJ) 9.1 9.46 1 DEVOLVED SPENDING NORTHERN IRELAND 8.97 9.05 -2.01 Department of Energy and Climate Change 3.18 8.06 146.02 Department for International Development (DfID) 6.63 7.69 12.65 Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) 6.87 7.02 -0.72 Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) 3.08 2.69 -15.22 Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) 2.26 2.26 -2.97 Security and intelligence services 1.83 1.91 1.33 HM Treasury (exc financial stability) 0.17 1.68 870 Office of Gas and Electricity Markets/Gas and Electricity Markets Authority (OFGEM) 0.48 0.7 40.14 Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) 0.67 0.61 -11.53 Cabinet Office (CO) 0.6 0.57 -7.47 UK Statistics Authority 0.22 0.3 36.23 National School of Government (NSG) 0.03 0.23 Office for Standards in Education (OFSTED) 0.2 0.18 -12.46 Health Protection Agency 0.23 0.18 -25.1 House of Commons 1.66 0.16 National Savings and Investments 0.16 0.16 -1.14 Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority 0 0.13 Office of Communications (Ofcomm) from government funding (rest from license fees) 0.14 0.12 -13.14 UK Trade & Investment (UKTI) 0.1 0.08 -12.54 House of Lords 0.1 0.08 -22.27 Food Standards Agency 0.12 0.07 -41.74 National Audit Office 0.06 0.07 7.91 Office of Fair Trading (OFT) 0.06 0.06 -9.16 Revenue and Customs Prosecutions Office (RCPO) 0.04 0.05 -1.09 Northern Ireland Office (NIO) 0.04 0.04 0.86 Serious Fraud Office (SFO) 0.04 0.04 -12.45 Charity Commission for England and Wales 0.03 0.03 -4.56 Office of Rail Regulation (ORR) 0.03 0.03 -11.03 Electoral Commission 0.02 0.02 -2.21 Government Actuary's Department (GAD) 0.02 0.02 17.39 Water Services Regulation Authority (Ofwat) 0.02 0.02 -3.4 Postal Services Commission (Postcomm) 0.01 0.01 -2.06 Scotland Office (SO) 0.01 0.01 -5.87 Wales Office (WO) 0.01 0 -12.13 Attorney General's Office (see also LSLO) 0 0 -8.71 HM Crown Prosecution Service Inspectorate 0 0 -27.7 Office for Budget Responsibility 0 Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission 0 0 -4 Treasury Solicitors' Department 0 0
• DATA: download the full list as a spreadsheet
More open data
Data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian
World government data
• Search the world's government data with our gateway
Development and aid data
• Search the world's global development data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data?
• Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group
• Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
• Like us on Facebook
Dushanbe: Ex-Soviet Tajikistan on Friday imposed a legal ban on giving newborn babies surnames with Russian-style endings, in line with a government drive towards a more traditional national identity.
Tajiks began Russifying their surnames while under Soviet rule and this grew into a mass phenomenon in the postwar years.
But the long-serving president of the impoverished Central Asian country, Emomali Rakhmon, has discouraged this in recent years in a drive to boost patriotism.
He also ended the use of Russian as an official language in 2009, although the Tajik language is still written in an adapted form of the Russian Cyrillic alphabet.
Tajikistan passed the new law in March and officials began applying it immediately when drawing up birth certificates although it only entered force Friday.
The move, under which "-ov" and "-ev" endings are banned, comes after Rakhmon himself in 2007 changed his surname from Rakhmonov, prompting ministers and civil servants to follow, as well as his own children.
However there was some resistance, particularly among Tajiks who work abroad in Russia.
Under the new law, all children must be given surnames with endings that are native to the country, including "-zod," "-pur" and "-far."
A few months ago the Tajik parliament passed a law banning first names for children that are "alien to national culture and tradition" as well as naming them after household objects and wild animals.
Rakhmon has criticised Tajiks for giving their children "scary names" such as "Wolf," saying such names made him shudder.
New documents released on Wednesday by the American Civil Liberties Union of California show that for the last several years, police in the city of Anaheim, California—home of Disneyland—have been using an invasive cell phone surveillance device, known as a "dirtbox." The ACLU obtained the 464 pages of documents after it sued the Anaheim Police Department last year over the agency's failure to respond to its public records request concerning such surveillance-related documents.
The DRTBox has been described by one Chicago privacy activist as a "stingray on steroids," referring to the controversial cell-site simulator that spoofs cell towers to locate phones and intercept calls and texts.
Last year, both the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice (which oversees the FBI) said that they would require a warrant during stingray deployments. A new law that took effect in California on January 1, 2016 would also require use of a warrant for a cell-site simulator.
"If a city of a few hundred thousand can have this kind of arsenal, it raises questions as to what similar cities across America might have it as well," Matt Cagle, an ACLU lawyer, told Ars.
Anaheim is now the third city in the US, after Los Angeles and Chicago, known to deploy this particular surveillance technology. It has also been used by the National Security Agency in France and likely elsewhere. (The spy technology was also mentioned briefly in the first episode of the new X-Files miniseries.) A heavily-redacted letter shows that among other devices, the APD likely acquired the DRT1201B, the same one used by the Air Force years earlier.
The Chicago activist, Freddy Martinez, who is currently suing his city's police department over access to stingray-related records, told Ars that these new documents raise notable questions. He points out that a newer version, the DRT120C, is capable of full digital interception and recording.
"It's troubling that DRT is in The Intercept's catalog and that local police departments are buying similar models," he said. "It makes me wonder if this surveillance is doing full scale voice decryption on possibly hundreds of people."
In a blog post, Cagle wrote:
While the documents do not discuss Anaheim's aerial use of the device, they include an email from Lt. Dave Vangsness, head of the Anaheim Police Department's Air Support Bureau, discussing what appears to be a memorandum of understanding for the dirtbox. Vangsness has publicly boasted about an Anaheim-owned 10-seat Cessna that "can quietly conduct surveillance during narcotics investigations." It's worth noting that Anaheim police purchased the same dirtbox model sought by the U.S. Air Force around 2012. All of this raises troubling questions about how exactly Anaheim used their device and just how many people have been affected.
The Wall Street Journal's 2014 revelation that the United States Marshals Service had been flying dirtboxes from five major airports across America raised concerns with privacy scholars. "Regarding using planes as cell towers, that is problematic in my opinion. It strikes me as analogous to the use of stingrays," Brian Owsley, a former federal magistrate judge and current law professor at the University of North Texas, told Ars . "Therefore, I think the government would need to obtain a search warrant based on probable cause consistent with the Fourth Amendment.
"I think the growth of the use of drones will further exacerbate this problem," he added.
Ganking your crypto keys
As Reveal reported in August 2015, a DRTBox can "simultaneously break the encryption of communications from hundreds of cellphones at once. A 2011 purchase order for this equipment by the Washington Headquarters Services, a branch of the Pentagon, states the devices can retrieve the encryption session keys for a cellphone ‘in less than a second with success rates of 50 to 75% (in real world conditions).'"
Various federal law enforcement agencies, including the United States Marshals Service, the US Special Operations Command, Drug Enforcement Administration, FBI, and US Customs and Border Protection are also known to use the snooping devices.
The dirtbox gets its name from the Boeing subsidiary that manufactures them—Digital Receiver Technology or DRT. On its website, Boeing used to tout that DRT creates "a miniature yet powerful receiver measurement capability to test and monitor wireless signals... While other products require multiple scanners linked together to perform similar system measurements, Boeing offers this capability within a single portable product."
It is not clear if the APD is still using the gear. One 2014 e-mail released by the ACLU from an APD police investigator to a colleague said that the "DRT gear is sitting on a shelf now because it's become obsolete and is not [REDACTED]. DRT really fell behind the curve and has not come out with updates in about two years."
The APD refused to answer Ars' questions as to how many DRTBoxes the agency has, under what circumstances they are deployed, and whether the agency has changed its policy to require a warrant for their use—as is required under a new 2015 state law.
"As you are aware, the Anaheim Police Department and the City of Anaheim are involved in civil litigation regarding this issue," Sgt. Daron L. Wyatt, an APD spokesman, told Ars by e-mail. "As such, the police department will not comment on anything that may be deemed related to the civil action and we are referring all inquiries to the Anaheim City Attorney's Office."
Neither the city attorney, nor the city manager, nor Mayor Tom Tait responded to Ars' request for comment.
UPDATE 12:00pm ET: In an e-mail sent to Ars, FBI spokesman Christopher Allen said: "I cannot comment on investigative tools or techniques that may have been used in specific cases. But certainly anytime we use a cell site simulator we adhere to the policies in place at the time."
The Canada Revenue Agency rejects allegations of a report, based on secret interviews with its own employees, that Canada's tax system is plagued with problems, including political interference, that are costing billions in uncollected revenue.
Philippe Brideau, a spokesperson for the agency, said the report, by Canadians for Tax Fairness, has no data to back its claims, adding CRA has taken “significant steps” to transform its operations to meet the challenges of global finance.
Rather, the agency counters the report's claims of mismanagement by presenting itself as a model employer — selected last year as one of Canada's Top Employers for Young People and among the top employers in the National Capital Region.
The report alleges that the agency is mismanaged, underwent an ill-conceived restructuring and targets ordinary Canadian taxpayers rather than the “big-time tax cheats” hiding money offshore.
The public servants interviewed worked on complicated international audits. They claim that politicians and lobbyists influence the agency's operations; that corporations successfully lobby to avoid prosecution; and that political interference can stop investigations.
They also complained about the impact of reducing or shutting down enforcement offices across Canada. Seasoned colleagues are often poached for higher paying jobs at legal and accounting firms, they said, and many felt unable to carry out their professional responsibilities.
In an email, Brideau noted the views of the 28 anonymous tax auditors, fraud investigators and managers interviewed for the report are at odds with the 31,500 employees who — also anonymously — took the 2014 Public Service Employees Survey and gave the agency rave reviews as a workplace.
The survey found that nearly 90 per cent are proud of their work, 85 per cent say co-workers carry out their duties in the public interest, and 84 per cent feel they have the tools to do their jobs. Responses of auditors in areas of international investigations and audits were not provided.
“The CRA is confident — and the evidence shows — that our employees are committed to achieving agency objectives and that our programs are delivering intended results,” said the email.
The agency addressed the report's concerns about its capacity by noting that it is pumping an additional $200 million into the audit program over the next five years and boosted funding for international and large audit programs by 12 per cent.
It claimed unreported taxes “identified” by the audit program grew 24 per cent in three years to $11.7 billion, but was unclear how much was collected. Similarly, the international and large business program “detected” $7.8 billion in unreported tax last year.
The agency also took exception with the union representing auditors that the revamped multi-disciplinary audit teams that replaced many international audit units were not effective because the new teams don't begin until 2016.
What's unusual about the report – if not unprecedented – is for public servants, who are supposed to be loyal and non-partisan, to team up with an advocacy group to complain about the government and its policies. The public servants were not identified and they divulged nothing about specific cases.
Their involvement appears to breach the ethics code of the agency, which doesn't seem to be taking action.
“Any allegation of a breach of the code must be investigated through a fair and impartial process before it can be confirmed,” said Brideau.
“As the CRA does not currently have the information required to confirm that the information did, in fact, come from current CRA employees or, if it did, to identify those employees, it is not possible to confirm whether a breach has occurred or not,” she said in an email.
Many say the Liberals would be hard-pressed to take any action because it promised to overhaul the tax agency in the same election letter to public servants that it promised a new culture of openness.
Independent Liberal Senator Percy Downe, who has long pressed the CRA to crack down on tax evasion, said he didn't think the actions of these employees would set a precedent. He argued the big problem is that public servants were fed up hearing the Conservative government say it was cracking down on tax cheats when it wasn't.
“Public servants know the government sets the direction and they implement it,” said Downe. “It's this dichotomy between what the government was saying and what it was doing that drove people at CRA to do what they did. I don't see that happening in other departments.”
FITCHBURG – Fitchburg Republican Dean A. Tran, elected Tuesday to represent the Worcester and Middlesex District in the state Senate, is no stranger to struggles, having immigrated to Massachusetts from Vietnam as a child with others known as “boat people.”
Mr. Tran, 42, won Tuesday's special election for the open state Senate seat in the Worcester and Middlesex District, defeating Democrat Susan A. Chalifoux Zephir of Leominster by 675 votes. Also in the running were Leominster City Councilor Claire M. Freda, who is not enrolled in a political party, and Charlene DiCalogero of Berlin, a Green-Rainbow Party candidate.
The Senate district consists of Fitchburg, Gardner, Leominster, Berlin, Bolton, Lancaster, Lunenburg, Sterling, Westminster, Townsend and Precincts 1 and 2 in Clinton.
The unofficial results from Tuesday: Mr. Tran, 7,289 votes; Ms. Chalifoux Zephir, 6,614; Ms. Freda, 1,552; and Ms. DiCalogero, 201.
Mr. Tran says he plans to resign his seat on the city council at the end of the month and also leave his job as a senior manager at a software development company. He said he will open four district offices, in Gardner, on the Bolton-Berlin line, in Sterling, and a main office in Leominster that would also cover Fitchburg and surrounding communities. Mr. Tran has served on the city council, his first elected position, since 2006.
“I think it will be a little sad to leave the City Council,” he said Wednesday. “I have enjoyed working with department heads and my colleagues on the council, but at the same time I'm ecstatic that my constituency has grown and I can provide services to not just the people in Fitchburg, but now to 10 other communities.”
Mr. Tran said he plans to push a review of the state-funding formula for public schools to ensure less-wealthy communities in the district are receiving their fair share; advocate for improvements to infrastructure in communities “west of Route 495,” and work to attract businesses to the area, and help expand existing businesses, to spur economic development. He said he would also continue working on mental health and substance abuse issues, as did Democrat Jennifer L. Flanagan of Leominster, who held the Senate seat until earlier this year, when Gov. Charles D. Baker Jr. appointed her to the Cannabis Control Commission.
Mr. Tran said he will also focus on prevention in the opioid crisis, including making the state border more secure and targeting drug traffickers and those who overprescribe opioids.
Mr. Tran said he plans to remain in Fitchburg, where he moved in 1986 from Clinton – the community he and his family first moved to when they arrived in the U.S. in 1980 from Vietnam.
“We left Vietnam on a boat when I was 2 and drifted to Thailand and stayed in a refugee camp for another two years,” Mr. Tran said. “We got green cards sponsored by a Catholic priest in 1980.”
He is the second youngest of five children who came to the U.S. with their parents. They left Vietnam in 1977 at the end of the war. His father had served in the Army for 25 years and the family saved all their money to leave, he said.
“My father saved every single penny and put the family on a wooden boat,” he said. “I watched a documentary. We were called ‘boat people' and drifted on the ocean for 12 days. I still remember the smell – a mixture of salt water and fuel from the old engine on the wooden boat. I can still smell that. We were very lucky. A lot of people died from dehydration drinking salt water.”
He said believes immigration policies established by the Trump-Pence administration are a “little harsh” and believes the federal government should provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.
“In certain circumstances, good people who contribute to society, there should always be a way for them to become citizens,” he said. “There needs to be a path for these people like there was a path for us. We received green cards and took a naturalization class. There should be a path whether they are undocumented or not.”
He said he is strongly opposed to tying the hands of law enforcement officials and withholding funding to communities that limit their cooperation with federal immigration enforcement.
“I'm not aware of any police department in the state arresting people and handing them over to ICE (U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement). That's a good thing,” Mr. Tran said. “Second, withholding funds to cities and towns that don't abide to federal regulations – I fully disagree. I have experience on the local level and know that every penny that goes to towns and cities is needed to provide necessary services. You can't punish towns or cities for decisions made by some idiotic elected officials.”
Mr. Tran and his wife, Kerry, have four children, three in the Fitchburg public school system: Isabelle, 19, Olivia, 14, Madilyn, 8, and Dean Jr., 5.
Adrian Peterson plans to have a big game against his former team.
The running back signed with New Orleans last week after 10 years with the Vikings, and in a twist of scheduling fate will play his first game at U.S. Bank Stadium, a Sept. 11 Monday night game.
Peterson's former teammates weren't allowed to tackle him in practice, and he used to taunt them about what he could do against them in a real game. Related Articles Charley Walters: Twins' latest signing shows they're serious about winning AL Central
Vikings awarded three compensatory picks in 2019 NFL Draft
Vikings' kicking woes are a top priority for new special-teams coordinator
Football lifer Gary Kubiak thrilled to be ‘back in the foxhole' with Vikings
Vikings add two coaches to staff, promote another
In an interview posted on the Saints' website, Peterson referenced that old back-and-forth.
“I can let them know (that) when I was doing that talking, telling them, ‘Hey, I'll hit you guys for 150 or 200 yards,' that I wasn't just talking,” he said. “They'll see.”
When first asked about facing the Vikings, Peterson joked, “Revenge.”
“It's going to be exciting,'' he said. “You know, it's just ironic. When the schedule came out and I saw that, I was like, ‘Wow, this is meant to be.' So many great memories down there in Minnesota. Great fan base. They supported me through everything, throughout my career, so just to embrace the love once I get there will be exciting.''
Peterson, 32, the leading rusher in Vikings history with 11,747 yards, said he doesn't even know where the visiting locker room is at U.S. Bank Stadium.
“I'm looking forward to going against my defense, guys that I've been practicing against for so long, hearing them yack about, ‘You couldn't do this against me, against us,' ” Peterson said.
Did Mueller Coordinate with Comey On Anti-Trump Testimony
(Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch announced it filed Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Justice for all records of communications relating to former FBI Director James Comey's controversial testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. (Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of Justice (No. 1:17-cv-02316)).
Judicial Watch sued after the Justice Department failed to respond to an August 14, 2017, FOIA request seeking:
All records of communications between the Department of Justice and former FBI Director James Comey prior to and regarding Comey's testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on June 8, 2017.
Fox News reported: “A source close to James Comey tells Fox News the former FBI director's Senate testimony has been ‘closely coordinated' with Robert Mueller, whom the Justice Department appointed as special counsel to oversee the Russia investigation.”
On June 8, 2017, Comey gave testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, in which he admitted: “I asked a friend of mine to share the content of the memo with a reporter [for The New York Times]. I didn't do it myself for a variety of reasons, but I asked him to because I thought that might prompt the appointment of a special counsel.”
In his testimony Comey detailed multiple conversations with President Trump. Comey confirmed he told President Trump three times that he was not a target of investigation and testified about President Trump's firing of him.
On May 16, 2017, The New York Times reported that it received a leaked memorandum from former Director Comey detailing a conversation between President Trump and Comey regarding the FBI's investigation of potential Russian interference in the 2016 United States presidential election.
Judicial Watch is pursuing numerous additional FOIA lawsuits (see here, here, here, and here) relating to former Director Comey's memoranda and FBI exit records.
Judicial Watch also sent Acting FBI Director Andrew G. McCabe a warning letter concerning the FBI's legal responsibility under the Federal Records Act (FRA) to recover records, including memos Comey subsequently leaked to the media, unlawfully removed from the Bureau by former Director James Comey.
“Mr. Comey may have violated the law in leaking these memos to the media,” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. “It would be a scandal if Comey coordinated his Senate testimony with Mr. Mueller's special counsel office. That we have had to sue in federal court speaks volumes.”
###
~ roll mouse over image to Derobe (both images)~
~After you watch our video, mannpill has more details~
This just in: The New American Gladiators is rigged. Fake. Scripted. PC. Bullshit. Words cannot describe how disapointed I am. I grew up watching Malibu and Gemini dominate no-name gym teachers and secretaries. Then one day the Old American Gladiators was canceled and re-runs filled the void. My life went on and Laser probably settled back into his job as assistant manager for Bally's; Saber resumed her career as an applause-sign-holder for Jeopardy…
Then I heard the rumors that the show was to be revived -bigger and better than ever! As Malibu would say, “I was stoked.” I watched the first 2 episodes in disgust and slightly puked in mouth when I realized the obvious: the contest was scripted. I noticed the contestants/actors faked fatigue to let the other actors catch up in the final event: The Eliminator, or as the announcer called it: the Great Equalizer. Although, for now, it is only the Derobers' opinion the show is rigged, let the following video serve as blatant evidence. We should have known better when Hulk Hogan, a legend of FAKE WWF wrestling, was slated to host of the show. Grab a tissue and enjoy the show (before NBC pulls the video). You decide for yourself…
UC Berkeley has seen a spate of chalk graffiti over the past few weeks, from “Straight Liberation Movement” to supportive messages for LGBT people and pro-animal rights slogans.
Most recently, campus staff washed away chalk messages voicing support for survivors of sexual assault and harassment. Protesters wrote the messages on and near the site of their Wednesday demonstration at Boalt Hall against the return of Sujit Choudhry, the former UC Berkeley School of Law dean, who was found by a campus investigation to have violated UC sexual misconduct policy.
Axenya Kachen, a UC Berkeley senior, organized the protest with another student, Pablo Gomez.
“I think for me it was disappointing but not unexpected,” Kachen said upon learning the messages had been washed away. “Chalking is a huge way to raise awareness for things on campus.”
UC Berkeley does not allow chalking on campus property at any time, according to campus spokesperson Adam Ratliff, adding that any messages are removed as soon as possible. Campus policy specifically does not differentiate between chalk, paint or permanent markings.
When chalking or any other graffiti are reported to campus police, the instances are documented with photos and a written report, according to UCPD Lt. John Suezaki. UCPD contacts Facilities Services, the campus unit in charge of groundskeeping and janitorial duties, which then must remove the graffiti.
Campus services washed away chalk messages at Boalt Hall on Thursday morning and in nearby planters written in support of survivors of sexual harassment, according to Berkeley resident Vic Coffield. Coffield said he saw a custodian using a hose, bucket and broom to clean the graffiti.
Coffield found the image striking enough to “jump up” from his chair at Caffe Strada and talk with the groundskeeper about why he was washing the graffiti away.
“That visual is a very strong statement that the university has its priorities all wrong,” Coffield said. “The students used chalk rather than totally vandalize the buildings. They could have used paint, which would have been really hard to get off. But they used chalk.”
Kachen said that while the campus had been quick to erase the messages in support of survivors of sexual harassment and assault, she felt campus police had not taken graffiti reading “Straight Lives Matter,” or SLM, as seriously.
“I almost want to laugh. Why is it OK to remove survivor support messages and not literal hate speech?” Kachen said.
Only one person was found responsible for the graffiti targeting the LGBT community, according to Suezaki. That man was given a citation for chalking Sept. 6 and received a stay-away order that forbade him from going on UC regents-owned property for seven days.
“I don't think it was meant on purpose to be left up,” Suezaki said of the allegedly homophobic graffiti. “Anything that's written on campus, it's supposed to be erased as soon as possible.”
Anna Sturla is the lead student life reporter. Contact her at [email protected].
Earlier this week the Khronos Group issued a press release concerning the availability of a finalised OpenCL 2.2 specification with SPIR-V 1.2. However, eagle eyed Scott Michaud at PCPer noticed something that slipped by many other tech reporters. A single line statement at the end of paragraph three signalled a very important update on the horizon; "We are also working to converge with, and leverage, the Khronos Vulkan API — merging advanced graphics and compute into a single API."
Michaud was surprised that such a significant statement was squirreled away so modestly within the press release, so sought confirmation. The Kronos Group did indeed confirm its intentions as follows "The OpenCL working group has taken the decision to converge its roadmap with Vulkan, and use Vulkan as the basis for the next generation of explicit compute APIs – this also provides the opportunity for the OpenCL roadmap to merge graphics and compute." This provided a little more specific direction over the original statement: OpenCL into Vulkan.
With the two open standards merged developers will be able to address a wide range of programming needs and disciplines under a single 'best of both worlds' API and it should be a boon to Vulkan adoption. Meanwhile Vulkan support already seems to be on the rise on both PCs and mobile platforms.
On PCs it would appear that AMD users would benefit more from this merged open API gaining traction. We already see that AMD CPUs and GPUs do particularly well with Vulkan games. Furthermore AMD keeps its OpenCL support up to date while Nvidia favours the use of its own CUDA parallel computing platform and API.
Amid warnings that the TTC could still be relying largely on its antiquated fare-payment system during the Pan Am Games, a key international stage, chairwoman Karen Stintz is pushing for a faster smart-card rollout.
Ms. Stintz has repeatedly said that the Presto smart-card system would be "substantially complete" for the games, a pledge that appeared optimistic in the face of a TTC report to the board Thursday.
Commissioners heard that 50 new streetcars and 23 subway stations would be Presto-equipped beginning next fall. Only then would procurement begin for the second wave of implementation. Under this timeline, it's unclear how much of the system would have the technology to allow passengers to use the card by the games, in the summer of 2015.
Story continues below advertisement
"Based on this schedule, it's unlikely that we'll meet our commitments," Ms. Stintz told reporters after moving a motion to urge quicker work. "I would expect the subway stations to be equipped, I would expect the new buses to be equipped and I would expect Wheel-Trans to be equipped."
The timeline depends on procurement, which is being done by Metrolinx, the regional transit agency, with input from the TTC. In an e-mail, a Metrolinx spokeswoman said they were "confident" in the current plan and that they expect Presto to be ready "to serve key venues in time for Pan Am games."
The TTC is already far behind other transit agencies in bringing in a smart-card payment. Many passengers still rely on tokens, a technology that dates back decades.
Andy Byford, the CEO of the TTC, said that he shared with Ms. Stintz the desire to speed up introduction of Presto. But he warned that it is a complex implementation, made more complicated by the fact that it falls in a period during which the TTC is rolling out new streetcars.
"Absolutely we want to have [it] implemented by the Pan-Am Games, but let's not progress so quickly that the implementation goes wrong," he said. "I want to get on with it, but no one will thank the TTC if the Presto is system is rushed and if it doesn't work."
A report to the TTC board on Presto implementation sparked a series of sharp questions from commissioners. The oversight body for the transit service questioned why off-the-shelf technology couldn't be used, the effect on passengers of having both smart-card-compatible and token-only vehicles in use at once and the timing of the technology's deployment.
Ms. Stintz later introduced a motion – which was modified and then passed – asking that Metrolinx confirm the Pan Am commitment, that the schedule be expedited, that Mr. Byford meet with Metrolinx to speed the process and that the board be updated fortnightly on progress.
NUNAVUT – After years of fundraising and construction work, Muslims living in Iqaluit city, in Canada's newest, largest, northernmost, and least populous territory of Nunavut, celebrated the inauguration of the city's first mosque.
“By establishing this mosque, we are saying one thing: we are now an integral part of Iqaluit, we are now a part of the Iqaluit community,” Hussain Guisti, the Zubaidah Tallab Foundation's general manager, told CBC News on Saturday, February 13.
The worshipping house, inaugurated on Friday, will serve as a prayer space and a community centre for Iqaluit's 100 or so Muslims, as well as a place to learn about Islam.
The mosque, which was built at the cost of $800,000, is the result of cooperation between members of Zubaidah Tallab Foundation and the Islamic Association of Nunavut.
The foundation has also helped construct mosques in Inuvik, N.W.T., and Thompson, Manitoba.
“We just finished the mosque now. The guys were working outside underneath the mosque in –56 below,” Guisti said.
“I mean, that's treacherous. If you can build a mosque in Iqaluit, you can build it anywhere else on the planet.”
According to Guisti, the new mosque will encourage more Muslim families to move to the Nunavut capital.
Along with catering for Muslim worshippers, the mosque leaders plan to operate a food bank at the site.
The makeup of Iqaluit's Muslim population is already diverse. They're engineers, doctors, teachers, government workers, taxi drivers.
“This mosque is not only for prayer, but for educating our kids, our families,” said Muhammad Wani, vice-president of the Islamic Association of Nunavut.
“This was a dream which came true.”
Muslims represent 3.2% of Canada's total population.
Muslims are the fastest growing religious community in Canada, according to the country's statistical agency, Statistics Canada.
Canada's Muslim population increased by 82 percent over the past decade – from about 579,000 in 2001 to more than 1 million in 2011.
GAZA (Reuters) - Israel and the Islamist group Hamas, which controls the Gaza Strip, have agreed to a cease-fire after five days of cross-border violence, officials said on Monday.
One official who was involved in mediating talks between Israel and Palestinian factions in Gaza said the groups had “reached an understanding on a truce and that the truce has started.”
A Palestinian official said Hamas had agreed to ensure the recognition of the cease-fire by smaller militant groups which were responsible for most of the rockets fired at Israel in the latest surge in violence.
The Israeli security cabinet met earlier on Monday and decided the military would cease its strikes in the Gaza Strip if militants there halted attacks on Israel, according to an Israeli official.
The fighting also sparked a diplomatic row between Israel and Egypt after five Egyptian security officers were killed as Israeli troops along the border pursued gunmen who had carried out a series of deadly attacks in Israel.
Like similar arrangements in the past, the truce is not a formal agreement, but consists of each side saying it would halt hostilities if the other side did the same.
Eight Israelis — six civilians and two soldiers — were killed on Thursday when the gunmen crossed into southern Israel and opened fire on a number of vehicles on a quiet desert road. At least seven of the attackers were killed, Israel said.
A total of 15 Palestinians, including five civilians, and one Israeli were killed in the subsequent cross-border air strikes and rocket attacks.
Israel blamed the Popular Resistance Committees (PRC) in Gaza for the attack and killed two of its leaders and three of its militants in an air strike shortly afterwards.
But it said the gunmen had entered Israel from the Sinai desert and raised doubts as to whether Egypt was able to maintain control in the border area.
Egypt's cabinet, facing growing pressure for a tough response to the killing of the five Egyptian security personnel, was due on Monday to discuss the growing lawlessness along the border.
The PRC, whose members fired many of the rockets launched over the past few days, agreed to “temporarily halt firing rockets to preserve the interest of our people,” but said it remained dedicated to the goal of Israel's destruction.
Israeli leaders, looking to lower tensions, have expressed regret over the Egyptian deaths and reiterated that Egypt is an important and strategic ally.
They have also said they want to avoid further escalations in violence with the Palestinians, which analysts said could hurt Israel ahead of a Palestinian statehood bid next month in the United Nations.
This topic is part of a series about how to deploy a Windows Server 2016 RDS farm in Microsoft Azure. In previous topics, we saw how to deploy networks, storage and virtual machines in Azure. We added also the domain controller to the On-Prem forest across the Site-to-Site VPN. In this topic, we will deploy RDS 2016 farm in Azure. This farm is executed on Windows Server 2016. This series consists of the following topics:
Deploy the Azure SQL database
In the previous topics, we have not deployed the Azure SQL database. In this part, I will deploy this component. In Microsoft Azure, open marketplace and look for SQL Database. Create a blank database and create a new SQL Server. I have called the SQL server sql-rds and the database DBA-Broker.
Deploy RDS 2016 Farm
Once all your VM has joined the Active Directory, you can create a new Remote Desktop deployment based on session. The first broker server is AZRDB0, the first RD host server is AZRAH0 and the first RD access server is AZRDA0. From AZRDB0, I run the following cmdlet:
New-RDSessionDeployment -ConnectionBroker AZRDB0.homecloud.net ` -SessionHost AZRAH0.homecloud.net ` -WebAccessServer AZRDA0.homecloud.net
Next, in the Server Manager of AZRDB0, add all servers of the RDS farm.
Then, I add additional server to the RDS Farm. First, I add two license servers. Each server will have some licenses, so even if a server is down, a license server is available.
Add-RDServer -ConnectionBroker AZRDB0.homecloud.net -Server AZRDB0.homecloud.net -Role RDS-LICENSING Add-RDServer -ConnectionBroker AZRDB0.homecloud.net -Server AZRDB1.homecloud.net -Role RDS-LICENSING
Then I add an additional RD host server:
Add-RDServer -ConnectionBroker AZRDB0.homecloud.net -Server AZRAH1.homecloud.net -Role RDS-RD-SERVER
And I add an additional RD Web Access server:
Add-RDServer -ConnectionBroker AZRDB0.homecloud.net -Server AZRDA1.homecloud.net -Role RDS-WEB-ACCESS
In Server Manager, if you browse the Remote Desktop Deployment, you should have the following diagram.
Configure the RD Broker in High Availability
Before configuring the RD Broker in High Availability mode, go back to the Azure Portal and open the SQL database settings. Click on the link connection strings.
Then create two DNS records where each DNS record is associated to one RD broker.
N.B: you can use an Azure Load Balancer instead of DNS round-robin for the RD Broker. For more information, you can read this topic.
Then install the SQL Native Client on each RD Broker server. Next run the following cmdlet. Replace in the Connection String the SQL server and database name.
Set-RDConnectionBrokerHighAvailability -ConnectionBroker 'azrdb0.homecloud.net' ` -DatabaseConnectionString 'Driver={SQL Server Native Client 11.0};Server=tcp:sql-rds.database.windows.net,1433;Database=DBA-Broker;Uid=master@sql-rds;Pwd={DATABASE PASSWORD};Encrypt=yes;TrustServerCertificate=no;Connection Timeout=30;' ` -ClientAccessName 'broker.homecloud.net'
To finish, run the following cmdlet to add an additional RD Broker server:
Add-RDServer -ConnectionBroker AZRDB0.homecloud.net -Server AZRDB1.homecloud.net -Role RDS-CONNECTION-BROKER
If you come back to the deployment overview In Server Manager, the RD Connection Broker should be marked as a High Availability Mode.
Configure RD Gateway
To add RD Gateways, click on the + symbol in the deployment overview. Then select both RD Gateway servers and add them to selected box.
Provide an SSL certificate name which should be the FQDN of the RD Gateway servers.
Then click on add to start the RD Gateway deployment.
Now the deployment overview should look like that :
In each RD Gateway server, open the RD Gateway console and edit the server properties. Then navigate to Transport Settings and disable UDP.
In Server Farm tab, add both servers and click on Apply.
Repeat these steps for each RD Gateway server.
Deploy the Load Balancer
A Load Balancer is required for the RD Web Access and the RD Gateways. You can use also an Azure Load Balancer for the RD Broker. But in this example I deploy an Azure Load Balancer for RD Web Access and Gateway. Open the marketplace and specify load balancer in the search box.
Provide a name to the Load Balancer and select public. Select the Public IP address previously created from the JSON template.
Once the Azure Load Balancer is created, open the Backend Pools settings. Then click on Add.
Specify a name for the backend pool and select associated to Availability Set. Select the RD Access availability set and add both virtual machines.
Next add a Health probe based on TCP 443 (HTTP / 443 is currently not supported).
Add also a load balancing rule based on TCP. Specify the public TCP port and the backend port. Then select the health probe.
Now you can try the public IP (https://<IP>/rdweb). You should get the Remote Web Access authentication page.
What is missing?
For the moment, no certificate has been deployed. So, you should have some security alerts in the web browser and the RD Gateway still not working. We will configure these certificates in another topic.
Next topic
In the next topic, I'll deploy a SOFS cluster based on Storage Spaces Direct to store User Profile Disk.
Henry Bolton says cap would be ‘entirely unrealistic' despite claiming that migrants are overwhelming public services
The new leader of Ukip has said mass immigration is harming British culture but refused to call for a cap on the number of people who are allowed to come to the UK.
Henry Bolton used his first leader's speech at the party's Torquay conference to claim that immigration was overwhelming public services and British culture was being “buried” by Islam.
Bolton, a former soldier and Thames Valley police officer, was elected leader of the rightwing party during its annual conference on Friday, beating an anti-Islam candidate into second place.
He said the present rate of immigration was unacceptable and called for an Australian-style points-based system for managing migration.
He told the conference: “Immigration is overwhelming our public services, which themselves are being slashed – 25% off the police, for example, in some cases nearly 50% off local government.
“Housing and communities are being overwhelmed. It is harming our own culture, traditions and way of life. We must demand that our own concerns about our own British culture are heard and that that feeds into our policy on immigration.”
Earlier, he watered down Ukip's past promises to cap immigration.
In 2015 the party promised a temporary block on low-skilled and unskilled migration and a limit of 50,000 high-skilled immigrants a year, while in 2017 the party committed to zero net migration.
The prime minister, Theresa May, remains committed to a target of reducing net migration to the “tens of thousands”.
But Bolton said: “Anybody who says put a figure on it is actually being entirely unrealistic and trying to paint politicians like me into a corner that gives you a nice thing to hang a comment on, but you're not going to get it from me because actually we need to be a lot more practical and operational about it.”
On Brexit, he told the conference a transition period as proposed by the Conservatives and Labour was unacceptable and said Britain must be prepared to leave the European Union immediately.
He claimed May's recent Florence speech, in which she set out plans for a two-year transition and made a first offer towards a financial settlement, showed that “the UK does not want to leave the EU in anything but name”.
Earlier in the day on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Bolton said he did not believe the UK government would reach a deal with Brussels on Brexit and should be prepared to end negotiations.
Bolton, a former Liberal Democrat who later worked for the UN in Kosovo and the EU, said it was an assumption to state that the UK was on its way out of the EU, given conflicting reports about the level of progress made in the negotiations with Brussels.
“I do not believe there will be a deal,” he said. “I actually do not credit some of the people in the European Union with any wish whatsoever to have a smooth deal.
“I do not believe we should be pushing this out and allowing the negotiations to be endless before we leave. It is absolutely crucial that this country is fully prepared to walk away because otherwise the European Union is just going to be negotiating forever on this and they would just string us along.”
Anne Marie Waters, who has called Islam “evil” and has links to the far right, finished second in the seven-candidate race with 2,755 votes to Bolton's 3,874 votes.
Waters made her displeasure at the result clear. She tweeted:
Anne Marie Waters (@AMDWaters) Today:
Jihad - 1
Truth - 0
Bolton distanced himself from his rival's Islamophobic stance. Asked if he would ban burqas, garments worn by women in some Islamic traditions that include a full-face covering, he said he would not want to lobby for changes in legislation if they were not necessary.
Asked about Ukip's relevance given the result of the EU referendum, Bolton said it was “a little bit of an assumption that we're on our way out”.
“We thought we were on our way out, we'd be fully out in March 2019,” he said. “But we're clearly not going to be. The prime minister has made that quite clear – that we're leaving in name only.”
Bolton's election was immediately welcomed by the former Ukip leader Nigel Farage, who had reportedly planned to start a new party if Waters won. Farage tweeted that Bolton was “a man of real substance”, while Arron Banks, the insurance millionaire who was Ukip's biggest donor, said he was ready to engage with the party again.
Two-thirds of all children will be diagnosed with an ear infection before their first birthday. Although this can be a very frightening diagnosis for parents of young children, ear infections are actually very manageable and they usually go away without the use of medication.
However, many parents turn to harmful antibiotics to treat their child's ear infection when there is already an easy-to-make, natural home remedy that doesn't come with all of the side effects of these over-the-counter drugs. But first, let's take a look at what an ear infection really is.
What Is An Ear Infection?
An ear infection, otherwise known as acute otitis media, is the most common cause of earaches and is characterized by a bacterial infection of the middle ear, which is the space behind the eardrum that connects to the inner ear. Ear infections are often caused by the common cold or the flu.
This is because the middle ear is connected to the upper respiratory tract by a tiny channel called the Eustachian tube. Bacteria from the infected respiratory tract is able to travel through this tube and cause an infection of the ear as a result.
Although ear infections can occur during any age, they frequently affect infants and young children. Ear infections are so common in children, in fact, that they account for 30 million doctor visits a year in the U.S. Many experts believe that the reason ear infections affect so many infants and young children is that their Eustachian tube is still developing.
In developing children it is very soft and has a hard time staying open, leading to a build-up of bacteria and germs which then cause the ear infection.
Aside from young children and infants, people who are at risk of developing an ear infection include:
Males
People with a family history of ear infections
Babies who are bottle fed
Children that attend daycare centers
People who consume second-hand smoke
People with a cleft palate
People with poor immune systems or chronic respiratory diseases
Side Effects Of Over-The-Counter Drugs
In order to help treat and cure ear infections, many people turn towards over-the-counter antibiotics and other medications. However, these can often cause a variety of side-effects that can end up being more unpleasant than the ear infection itself.
Here are some of the side effects of medications commonly used for ear infections:
Trouble breathing
Swelling of face, lips, tongue or throat
Hives
Stomach pain
Black or bloody stools
Unusual bleeding or bruising
Fever and chills
Diarrhea
Nausea or vomiting
Vaginal discharge and itching
Aside from a large number of side effects that come with these medications, the overuse of antibiotics has been linked to the development of new strains of antibiotic-resistant bacteria as well. This should be enough of a reason to start using this natural home remedy for ear infections instead of those harmful antibiotics.
Ear Infection Remedy You Can Make At Home
Garlic And Olive Oil For Ear Infections
The use of a garlic olive oil remedy for ear infections has been around for possibly hundreds of years. What makes this remedy so effective is that both ingredients have amazing, natural antimicrobial properties.
Garlic‘s antimicrobial properties come from an organic compound that it contains called allicin. One study found that allicin was incredibly effective at inhibiting the growth of gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria, including drug-resistant strains. It was also shown to have antiviral and antifungal properties, making it effective at treating an ear infection no matter what the cause is.
Olive oil not only has antimicrobial properties, but it is also able to soothe an irritated or inflamed ear. One study found that olive oil was able to inhibit the growth of all bacteria strains it was tested against, with researchers attributing its antimicrobial effectiveness to the phenolic compounds found in the solution.
Garlic Olive Oil Remedy
Ingredients:
Half a clove of fresh garlic, minced
1 tablespoon of olive oil
Instructions:
Heat up olive oil in a small saucepan. Add minced garlic once olive oil is hot. Place on low heat and allow it to sit for around 20 minutes. Strain the olive oil, make sure there are no bits of garlic left in it. Wait for olive oil to get to room temperature. Pour two to three drops in the infected ear.
It is advised to always make a fresh batch of this mixture every time you use it. Let us know if this helped treat your ear infection in the comment section.
May 25, 2012
Here's a great catch from the Environmental Law & Policy Center in Chicago. A coal group posted a Craigslist ad offering people $50 to wear pro-coal t-shirts at an upcoming EPA meeting in Illinois. The posting has been deleted, but here's a screenshot:
A local Sierra Club blog took pictures of people wearing the shirt at the meeting:
Narrow political interests often lack actual grassroots support, so they simply pay people to pose. AT&T lobbyists used donations to manipulate pro-gay organizations, health insurance lobbyists authored fake letters in support of the wasteful Medicare Advantage program, oil companies routinely pay for buses to ship demonstrators for rallies, and even, on occasion, some unions pay people under minimum wage to picket.
Too often, influence peddling is only quantified by registered lobbying or sophisticated ad campaigns. But these astroturf — fake grassroots — efforts are part of how powerful interests control the policy process. In this Illinois case, the coal interests were simply caught red-handed.
Talking CCTV is a CCTV surveillance camera that is equipped with a speaker to allow an operator to speak to the people at the CCTV-monitored site.
UK An example of a CCTV camera with speakers attached, in Ipswich
In Wiltshire, UK, 2003, a pilot scheme for what is now known as "Talking CCTV" was put into action; allowing operators of CCTV cameras to order offenders to stop what they were doing, ranging from ordering subjects to pick up their rubbish and put it in a bin to ordering groups of vandals to disperse. In 2005 Ray Mallon, the mayor and former senior police officer of Middlesbrough implemented "Talking CCTV" in his area.[1]
John Reid, Home Secretary, claimed, "The new funding for Talking CCTV is aimed at the small minority who think it is acceptable to litter our streets, vandalise our communities and damage our properties", as he gave grants of £500,000 to 21 areas for the implementation of the "Talking CCTV" camera; Southwark, Barking and Dagenham, Reading, Thanet, Harlow, Norwich, Ipswich, Plymouth, Gloucester, Derby, Northampton, Mansfield, Nottingham, Coventry, Sandwell, Wirral, Blackpool, Salford, Middlesbrough, South Tyneside and Darlington.
Systems in Middlesbrough, West Bromwich, Redbridge,[2] Manchester and Nottingham [3] were implemented by Complus Teltronic Ltd using switching, telemetry and control room interfacing control systems from Synectic Systems Group Ltd a market leader in public area CCTV control systems.
The move has already received critics, dubbing the idea "Big Brother gone mad"[4]
Other towns have had such cameras installed. In 2007 several of the devices were installed in Bridlington town centre, East Riding of Yorkshire.[5]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The Simpsons episode "To Surveil with Love" was based around the idea of communicative CCTV.
See also [ edit ]
Theodore Roosevelt - African Safari & Scientific Expedition
Expedition Members Newland & Tarlton, outfitters
R.J. Cunninghame, leader
Leslie J. Tarlton, adjutant
Edmund Heller, zoologist, age 34
J. Alden Loring, zoologist, age 38
Edgar A. Means, physician, age 52
Kermit Roosevelt, photographer, age 21
Theodore Roosevelt, bwana, age 50 Hunting Licenses 50gbp, 50 animals/hunter
17gbp, extra bull elephant
5gbp, extra giraffe, rhino, or eland
3gbp, extra antelope
2gbp, extra wildebeest
2gbp, extra waterbuck Expedition Costs $50,000 from Smithsonian Museum appeal
$25,000 from Theodore Roosevelt
$25,000 from Andrew Carnegie 2005 equivalent = appx. $1.8 million dollars Books in T.R.'s "Pigskin Library" in T.R.'s Own Hand
QUICK FACTS
READ MORE ABOUT THIS TOPIC
- from Wikipedia :In March 1909, shortly after the end of his presidency, Roosevelt left New York for a safari in east and central Africa. Roosevelt's party landed in Mombasa, British East Africa (now Kenya), traveled to the Belgian Congo (now Democratic Republic of the Congo) before following the Nile up to Khartoum in modern Sudan. Financed by Andrew Carnegie and by his own proposed writings, Roosevelt's party hunted for specimens for the Smithsonian Institution and for the American Museum of Natural History in New York. The group included scientists from the Smithsonian and was led by the legendary hunter-tracker R.J. Cunninghame and was joined from time to time by Frederick Selous, the famous big game hunter and explorer. Among other items, Roosevelt brought with him four tons of salt for preserving animal hides, a lucky rabbit's foot given to him by boxer John L. Sullivan, an elephant-rifle donated by a group of 56 admiring Britons, and the famous Pigskin Library, a collection of classics bound in pig leather and transported in a single reinforced trunk.All told, Roosevelt and his companions killed or trapped over 11,397 animals, from insects and moles to hippopotamuses and elephants. These included 512 big game animals, including six rare white rhinos. The expedition consumed 262 of the animals. Tons of salted animals and their skins were shipped to Washington; the quantity was so large that it took years to mount them all, and the Smithsonian was able to share many duplicate animals with other museums.Regarding the large number of animals taken, Roosevelt said, "I can be condemned only if the existence of the National Museum, the American Museum of Natural History, and all similar zoological institutions are to be condemned." However, although the safari was ostensibly conducted in the name of science, there was another, quite large element to it as well. Along with many native peoples and local leaders, interaction with renowned professional hunters and land owning families made the safari as much a political and social event, as it was a hunting excursion. Roosevelt wrote a detailed account of the adventure in the book African Game Trails, where he describes the excitement of the chase, the people he met, and the flora and fauna he collected in the name of science.
When F is not equal to m a: classical examples of effective mass
The world of electrons is a strange place.
It's not that the actual physical environment in which electrons dwell is so odd; the weird thing about electrons is that they seem to follow a very different set of rules than the every-day objects around us. This is why physicists and chemists spend so much time obsessing over them. We have this idea that if we can better understand the strange rules that govern the world of electrons, then maybe we can gain deep insight into the nature of the universe around us.
And, on a more basic level, it's just fun to stumble around in a strange, alternate reality, discovering it by bits and pieces as you go. In this sense physicists are like fantasy/science fiction enthusiasts. We like discovery and we like weirdness.
The weird world of electrons
In this post I want to discuss one of the weirder behaviors of electrons: the effective mass. Consider, as an example, electrons trapped inside a periodic crystal (a diamond, perhaps). The world in which these electrons live looks something like this:
It's a dramatic-looking world, but it's not a terribly hard one to visualize. You can imagine throwing a ball down one of these crystal “hallways” and watching what it would do: it would bounce around on the atoms, getting reflected in different directions as it went. You could also imagine a whole bunch of balls bouncing around in the crystal, careening randomly in all different directions.
This is essentially what the inside of a crystal looks like; the “balls” are electrons, careening through the crystal. The rules that govern the electrons, however, are very different from the ones that dictate the behavior of bouncy balls. For one thing, the electrons are never allowed to come to a stop. You can make the crystal as cold and as stationary as you want; even at absolute zero the electrons will still be flying around like crazy (an electron in zero-temperature copper, for example, moves at an average speed of 3 million miles per hour). This is a consequence of Pauli's exclusion principle, which says (roughly) that no two electrons can be simultaneously close to each other in space and close to each other in kinetic energy. In order to follow Pauli's rule, the densely-packed electrons must keep moving forever, each with a slightly different speed, so that no two nearby electrons have the same kinetic energy. All this frantic motion is sometimes called “zero point motion” or “zero point energy”. And no, despite what you see on crackpot youtube videos, there is no way to harness it to turn a tiny object into a source of limitless power.
There is another strange rule that electrons obey. Namely, it can be surprisingly hard or easy to push an electron around. That is, the electrons, which have a very well-defined mass kg, will sometimes respond to force as if their mass was ten times larger, or ten times smaller. On rare occasion you will even find that when you push on an electron it accelerates in the opposite direction.
In condensed matter physics, this strange behavior of electrons gets described by the electron “effective mass”, which can depend on the speed of the electron and on the type of crystal it is sitting in. We say that the real mass of the electron, , gets replaced by the effective mass . The kinetic energy, momentum, and acceleration of the electron all behave as if the electron had some mass that can be very different than the real mass .
But why is this allowed? Doesn't it contradict Isaac Newton's most sacred law, ?
The derivation of the electron effective mass that I got in class, which involves Bloch functions and the Schrodinger equation, was never very satisfying to me. It didn't really seem to answer my question: why is this allowed? What I wanted to know was: does there have to be quantum mechanics for there to be effective mass? Are there any examples of objects in my world (not the electron's world) which respond to force as if they had some completely different (or even negative!) mass?
As it turns out, there are. In this post I want to give two examples from classical physics of objects with effective mass that is very different from the real mass.
Before I proceed, though, I want to make the following clear: effective mass has nothing to do with friction. A lot of times people describe the phenomenon of effective mass as “friction between the electron and the crystal”. While it's true that friction can make something feel harder to accelerate, and therefore “feel heavier”, real effective mass cannot be a result of friction. If it were, than the electron would be hard to speed up but easy to slow down (since friction would help). Also, the energy that you put into accelerating the electron could not be regained later; it would be lost to heat. Neither of these is the case with electrons. Their effective mass does not depend on whether the electron is speeding up or slowing down and it does not imply any kind of energy dissipation. All the energy that you put into accelerating the electron is retained and can be used later. It's just that, in giving that energy to the electron, it responds as if it were significantly heavier or lighter. How is this possible?
The weird world of rocket-powered sleds
Consider the following situation, which is silly but in a completely non-quantum way.
Imagine that you are driving a rocket-powered sled around the inside of a frictionless cone of ice. Something like this:
Because the sled is racing around on a frictionless ring, there is a definite relationship between the sled's velocity and the radius of curvature on which it is sliding. For example, if the sled is moving around near the bottom of the cone, then it can be going slowly in that small circular path. If you speed the sled up greatly, though, it will be going too fast for gravity to hold it in such a small radius (the inward component of the normal force is too small to provide the necessary centripetal force). So the sled will slide up the side of the cone until its radius of curvature is large enough to accommodate the large velocity.
So there is a definite relation between the sled's velocity and its height above the bottom of the cone. You can work it out at home (using some basic force diagrams) if you want, but I'll give you the answer:
(you'll find that it doesn't depend on the angle of the cone). The total energy of the sled is its kinetic energy plus its potential energy . Combined, this is
.
The total energy of this sled can be written as , where . In other words, the effective mass is three times the normal mass.
What does this effective mass imply for you, the rider, as you ride around the cone? It means that your sled responds as if it were three times heavier than it really is. When you turn on the rocket booster to speed up, you'll find that you don't accelerate according to . Instead, you accelerate more slowly, like . The reason for this is fairly simple: it's not that Newton's law is violated. But when you turn on the jet booster, you are paying for both an increase in kinetic energy and an increase in your potential energy as you rise up the side of the cone. The result is that your rocket sled feels heavier than it would if you were sliding on a flat surface.
That extra potential energy that you paid for, of course, is not lost. If you turn the rocket booster around and use it to slow yourself down, you'll find that that the sled is harder to slow down than you expected. When the rocket fires, the sled velocity decreases, but then as a consequence the sled slides down the side of the cone and regains some of the lost kinetic energy. So you will feel as if the sled is three times harder to slow down than you would expect; again, the sled feels heavier.
Negative effective mass… in space!
One more example: one that is perhaps not as silly as a rocket-powered sled. Imagine a spaceship orbiting the Earth. The spaceship has some positive kinetic energy, but it also has some negative potential energy due to its gravitational interaction with the Earth. As it turns out, the potential energy is larger in magnitude than the kinetic energy (if it weren't, then the spaceship would escape the Earth's orbit), so the total energy is negative and equal to
,
where is Newton's gravitational constant, is the spaceship mass, and is the radius of the orbit. Since the gravitational force holds the spaceship in place in orbit, there is also a relation between the velocity of the spaceship and its radius:
.
Put the two equations together and you get
.
In other words, the spaceship has negative effective mass .
This means that if the spaceship fires its thrusters while it is in orbit, it will slow down. The spaceship accelerates in the opposite direction of the applied force.
This negative effect mass is a peculiar result of the shape of the gravitational potential. When you fire the rocket thrusters, your ship is pushed further away from the Earth. This process consumes both the energy of your burnt fuel and some of the kinetic energy that you formerly had, resulting in a decrease in your speed. Similarly, if the spaceship fires some reverse thrusters, then it will fall lower into the orbit and speed up.
Again, Newton's law is not violated when all forces are taken into account. But for the driver of the spaceship, the shuttle seems to have negative mass.
Epilogue: So what's really happening with electrons?
So far in this post, I haven't really explained why electrons are crazy. I just told you that they are, and then I showed you how classical objects can be crazy too. I haven't answered the real question: why do electrons have negative mass?
The short answer is that electrons have effective mass because there is another energy in the game: the electron's interaction energy with the crystal lattice. When you change the speed of an electron, you change this potential energy as well, and this makes the electron “feel” as though it were heavier or lighter than it really is (just like the rocket-powered sled or the spaceship). In essence, the dependence of the potential energy on velocity is the only thing required to give an object effective mass.
For an electron, the reason that the potential energy depends on velocity can be understood with some very schematic quantum mechanical arguments. Remember that electrons (and all matter) have a particular quantum wavelength called the “de Broglie wavelength”. That is, an electron is best thought of not as a point but as a wave of negative charge density. Like this:
The wavelength of the probability wave is related to the speed of the electron: the faster the electron is moving, the smaller the wavelength. But the wavelength of the electron is very much involved in how strongly the electron interacts with the lattice of positive atoms around it. Like this:
It is this interaction between the (negative) electron wave and the (positive) crystal lattice that gives the electron its strange effective mass. And crystal lattices can have all sorts of sizes and strange structures, so every crystal has its own electron effective mass: some large, some small, and some negative.
In summary, the world of electrons is indeed a crazy place. But this particular aspect of its craziness is one that applies to our world as well.
Pinellas Park Chick-fil-A protest angers parents, scares kids Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Video
PINELLAS PARK, Fla. (WFLA) - Real-looking knives, splattered fake blood and screaming kids. It's not the kind of scene Chick-fil-A envisioned when they kicked off "Cow Appreciation Day."
But, that's what happened when protesters stormed the Pinellas Park restaurant during the lunch rush. The restaurant offered free food to people dressed like a cow.
An animal rights organization picked the spot to make its point. In front of dozens of startled customers, including many kids, they staged a loud protest.
Videos from cell phones show, at first, customers laughing as protesters entered the Chick-fil-A on 34th Street.
Smiles turned to anger as they realized fake blood covered people in cow and chicken costumes and one person carried a huge knife.
"People running in with knives, bleeding. Like bleeding on their shirts and just bloody knives. It scared the kids," said Nichole Kretchmar.
Some parents shielded kids from the gory protest, but plenty watched.
"That's sad, because a lot of the kids are an age where they can't tell the difference between what's real and fake. So, I believe everybody has a right to say what they believe in and what they feel is right. But, I also believe they took it too far," said Tina Leacock.
The protesters are from Direct Action Everywhere Pinellas.
It opposes eating meat or anything else from animals.
"People might be upset, but I think that putting it out on the table and showing people, like this is the reality of where the animals are coming from and how bad the animals are suffering," said spokeswoman Kayla Leaming.
The cell phone video shows others shouting and some protesters falling on the floor.
"They came in slicing each other's throats, putting each other on their knees, dropping them onto the floor in front of a bunch of children," said Crystal Valle-Najar.
Chick-fil-A employees pleaded with the protesters to leave.
They did, before cops arrived.
The protest spokesperson is calling the Chick-fil-A event a success, saying more people are talking about "veganism."
Some parents would disagree, saying this group ruined their free meal in a cow outfit.
http://wx.wfla.com/oembed/app_promo/app_dl.html
The cast of 'Super Smash Bros. Melee'
If you'd asked me four years ago where I thought the competitive Super Smash Bros. Melee scene would be in 2016, I'd have shrugged and guessed that it would be a distant memory by now. But as it happens, fate had something special in store.
The year 2013 saw something of a revolution for Nintendo's accidental fighting game masterpiece, with two huge events converging to elevate the community beyond all expectation. The nine-part documentary The Smash Brothers dropped, boosting the then-dwindling grassroots community with a huge influx of new players. This, combined with the Spirit Bomb moment in the Evo 2013 donation drive for breast cancer, granted SSBM a place at the tournament. Fast-forward three years, and Evo 2016, taking place in Las Vegas from July 15 to 17, is set to be the biggest SSBM tournament of all time.
Nobody could have predicted the growth that the SSBM scene saw in 2013, or that it's seen since. For starters, it was an outcast among fighting games. Traditional fighters tend to have more adult aesthetics, and Nintendo has a reputation for being childish among hardcore gamers. Not to mention the completely different take that SSBM offers on fighting games. As a dedicated member of the competitive community, I've often felt that it was the plight of our community to remain on the periphery.
SSBM has avoided the fate of the other games of its late-1990s/early-00s era, Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike and Marvel vs. Capcom 2. It has far outlived the lifespan of a traditional competitive fighting game. This is in no small part due to its ability to stay fresh to its players and spectators, despite being 15 years old. At the highest levels, Melee is a deeply complex game. Its seemingly simple systems allow for multiple layers on top of a traditional fighter's rock-paper-scissors system of block, grab, and attack. It takes years to be able to understand the depth at which some players are able to see SSBM. What spectators get from watching Melee, across many levels of play, are custom combos that play out at hyper speed, topped off with flourishes of competitor individuality.
My own career as a competitive Melee player started on the morning of Saturday, May 25, 2002. I was a Nintendo fanboy, 13 years old, and desperately awaiting the arrival of SSBM in the mail. In the ten minutes I had to play the game before my tennis lesson, I picked a newcomer to the series, Princess Peach, and floated around on the Kirby stage, Green Greens. Instantly, it felt far better than the original Super Smash Bros. had on the Nintendo 64. Almost exactly five years later, and with countless hours sunk into it, I was utterly convinced that I was the best player to ever touch a Smash Bros. game. Time to find a tournament, then.
Article continues after the video below
In May 2007, at age 18, I walked into a working men's club in Yeovil, Somerset. The room was full of smoke and glowering men, a fine location for some Melee competition. I would "drown in pools" at this tournament—which means I went out in the round-robin stage. Evidently, I was not quite as good as I thought I was. Undeterred, I plugged away at the game for several years, reaching the lofty heights of the British top three and a top 20 ranking for Europe. I never pictured myself at the age of 27 and wanting to compete at this game more than ever. Yet here I am.
Personally, I feel that the mechanics of the game are what keeps it fresh. Precise control of your character is fundamental to competitive SSBM play, and the game itself is unique in the control it grants the player. There are numerous exploits, or advanced techniques, to master. Given that it takes a number of months, and in my opinion years, to learn to move fluidly at a competitive level, it amazes me that new players continue to join the community so long after the game's release. But it's not so difficult to understand why those of us that have spent years playing it love it so much: Once mastered, the movement becomes almost addictive to perform.
A core mechanic that stands out among other fighting games I've played is the control SSBM grants a player after you take a hit from your opponent. Directional Influence, or DI, plays a huge part in defining a player's skill, and can dictate the outcome of competitive games. Melee also grants the player analogue control of the characters in the air, even after jumping. This is vastly different to traditional 2D fighters such as the Street Fighter and King of Fighters series, which have fixed animations for forward and backward jumps. I couldn't say how many variations of a back jump the analogue controls of SSBM allow for, there are so many.
But while its longevity continues to amaze, Melee truly is a fighting game of its era. By which I mean that there are broken parts of the game. Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is well known for its broken infinite combos and overpowered characters. Melee, too, has powerful moves, characters that some argue are unfairly strong, and even its own infinite combos. The difference is that these broken elements have evolved with the game, and influenced its rules. For example, Fox's waveshine infinite is limited to one tournament legal stage, and for some reason, though not particularly difficult to perform, it's not seen widely in tournaments. This might partly be due to players' inability to perform it consistently.
The growth of Melee, both inside and outside the game, and its place in the hearts of its spectators is maintained through the narratives of its players. Any initiate of the Melee community will tell you that there are Five Gods of Melee. Well, there were, as in 2016 a sixth God has risen: The Godslayer. William "Leffen" Hjelte took recent Canadian international major Get on My Level with alarming confidence, beating the four Gods of Melee in attendance on the way to the win. The constant flux among these top players and their battle for the number one spot is fascinating to behold. The top three players in the UK have lost fewer than five times in six years to opponents ranked outside the top three. This is a skill gap that needs to be shortened, clearly, but the community respects that it exists on many levels and upsetting the status quo won't happen overnight. But that's just another gripping part of playing and spectating Melee: watching players getting close to and bridging this skill gap separating the very best from the incredibly talented.
Leffen wins at Get on My Level
Melee redefines the rules of competitive fighting games and competitive video games as a whole. As a fighting game, its meta-game is constantly shifting, while outside the game the Melee community has demonstrated the power of its passion. When Nintendo stepped in to block Melee at Evo 2013 from happening, the community rallied and Nintendo ultimately allowed it to go ahead, something that the community is ever grateful for. Leffen was blocked from entry to the USA for months after his competitive video games visa was denied. The Melee community came together once more and generated more than 100,000 petition signatures—enough to elevate the issue to the White House. He was also granted a temporary visa for the summer of 2016.
Melee has survived and emerged as the breakout star of fighting games largely due to the unbridled passion of its grassroots community. It's exhilarating to watch, frustratingly addictive to play and emotional to be part of. If you've played it for years and never attended or watched a tournament, I urge you to start now. Otherwise, you're missing out. It might be 15 years old, star a cast of cuddly cartoon characters, and not be as visually arresting as the modern competition, but for me, Melee is without a doubt the most exciting eSport to watch in 2016, and anyone tunes into Evo 2016 would do well to prioritize it over the alternative fighters on offer.
Follow Robby Gee on Twitter.
Getty Images
At points before the start of free agency, Mario Manningham made noise about wanting to be paid like a number one receiver.
Matt Maiocco of CSNBayArea.com has the details from his contract with the 49ers and that certainly did not happen. Manningham will make base salaries of $1.2 million and $3.6 million in his two years with the 49ers with a $2 million signing bonus this year. According to the report, $2.45 million of the salary is guaranteed.
That's a good bit less than a number one receiver would get and, as Maiocco points out, it's a good bit less than former 49ers wide receiver Josh Morgan got from the Redskins for his two-year deal. Morgan, who is coming off of a broken leg, got a $5.5 million signing bonus from Washington, more than the total guaranteed money in Manningham's deal, and more than $ 7 million guaranteed overall. That doesn't mean Morgan won't wind up earning that salary, of course, but he's definitely at a lower point in his career arc than Manningham.
Then again, Manningham has yet to demonstrate the total skill set that would command a significant payday. And while he had a huge play in Super Bowl XLVI, teams apparently have figured out that a right-place, right-time performance on the biggest stage in sports won't transform a guy who has never been an A-list talent into one. Indeed, the fact that the Giants apparently wouldn't make an equal investment to keep Manningham proves that the market simply wasn't there for a one-catch wonder.
The head of the House Space, Science and Technology Committee says he might call U.S. Chief Technology Officer Megan Smith to testify about potential HealthCare.gov consumer privacy gaps.
Committee Chairman Lamar Smith, R-Texas, sent letters to Smith, as well as the heads of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, following an Associated Press investigation into the presence of data mining companies on HealthCare.gov
A Jan. 20 AP report revealed data firms embedded on the health-insurance sign-up site -- including digital giants such as Facebook, Google and Twitter -- could “glean details” about users, including age, income, ZIP code, whether they smoke and if they are pregnant.
A few days after the AP report was published, officials said they were curtailing the practice.
Still, Lamar Smith called the extent of the potential data mining “astonishing.”
“Once a data mining company seizes this treasure trove of sensitive personal information, it is able to combine this data with other information collected by tapping into commercial websites and databases such as phone calls, texts, social media posts, frequently visited websites and credit card purchases,” he said in the letter to officials.
The letters were addressed to Megan Smith as well as Sylvia Burwell, the head of HHS, and Marilyn Tavenner, the CMS administrator.
Lamar Smith, citing the “serious issues of personal privacy and government information security” raised by the AP report, said the committee may ask the officials to “to appear on relatively short notice and testify,” according the letter.
In his letter, the chairman said he wants to know:
Whether the officials were aware of the data mining before the AP report was published;
Who was consulted about the presence of third parties on the site and who ultimately approved it;
The justification for allowing the companies access to the site and whether that conforms with the Federal Information Security Management Act and other cybersecurity regulations; and
Whether CMS is able to track the activities of third-party data mining companies.
If requested to appear before the committee, it will be the first time Megan Smith testifies before a congressional committee since becoming the country's top technologist in August. Her appointment did not require Senate confirmation.
It may not be the friendliest terrain for the former Google executive.
Lamar Smith's committee sought numerous times last year to tie her predecessor, Todd Park, to the failed launch of the Obamacare website, even going so far as to subpoena him to appear before the panel to answer questions about site security.
Before limiting the practice, Aaron Albright, a CMS spokesman, had initially defended the data mining firms' access to the health care site, telling the AP that outside vendors are allowed access to the site to measure its performance and to offer consumers a “simpler, more streamlined and intuitive experience.”
But he added companies “are prohibited from using information from these tools on HealthCare.gov for their companies' purposes."
However, Lamar Smith in his letter to the administration officials said it isn't clear how the agency would monitor what data mining companies do with the data.
Third-party sites that track website performance and collect targeted information on users are pretty much par for the course for much of the rest of the Web, the AP noted. And there was no indication personal information collected on HealthCare.gov had been misused by the companies.
Rather, it was simply the sheer number of third-party connections -- numbering at least 50, including Google's data-analytics service, Twitter and Facebook as well as a number of advertisers -- that raised eyebrows.
"Anything that is health related is something very private," said Mehdi Daoudi, CEO of Catchpoint Systems, whose company examined the health care site at the AP's request. "Personally, I look at this, and I am on a government website, and I don't know what is going on between the government and Facebook, and Google, and Twitter. Why is that there?"
(Image via txking/Shutterstock.com)
The e-cigarette market is suddenly getting more crowded.
Makers of the “vaping” devices launched a flood of new products in the United States ahead of new federal regulations, taking effect on Monday, that require companies to submit e-cigarettes for government approval before marketing them, according to company officials and industry experts.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which announced the regulations in May, will allow e-cigarette devices introduced before the regulations came into force to be sold for up to three years while companies apply and await regulatory review.
The regulations also ban the sale of e-cigarettes to anyone under age 18. The multibillion-dollar industry had sought to delay the new rules through lawsuits and proposed legislation in the U.S. Congress. At the same time, many of the smaller players hedged their bets by releasing new products during the three-month period between the announcement of the regulations and their effective date.
“I would be surprised if there was any other period when so many products were introduced,” said Bryan Haynes, an attorney with the firm Troutman Sanders who represents several e-cigarette companies.
Not of all the new products may be available immediately to consumers. Many companies beat the regulatory deadline with only limited shipments and product prototypes.
“There are scores of new products getting out ahead” of the deadline, said Oliver Kershaw, founder of the website e-cigarette-forum.com that tracks the industry.
“They've been put quietly into the market. Some of them are just brand refreshers. Some are quite interesting products,” Kershaw said, referring to such innovations as “pods”—capsules that can be inserted into the devices—that are prefilled with flavored nicotine.
The FDA regulations for the first time bring regulation of e-cigarettes, cigars, pipe tobacco and hookah tobacco in line with existing rules for cigarettes, smokeless tobacco and roll-your-own tobacco.
The rules require companies to submit these products for government approval, list their ingredients and place health warnings on packages and in advertisements.
Cigar makers also rushed new products to the market to beat the regulations.
“We have attempted to do in 90 days what we usually do in three years,” said Eric Newman, president of J.C. Newman Cigar, in business since 1895. “If it wasn't so serious, it would be comical to see the hoops we're going through.”
Big Companies May Benefit
E-cigarettes are handheld electronic devices: metal tubes that heat liquids typically laced with nicotine and deliver vapor when inhaled. The liquids come in thousands of flavors, from cotton candy to pizza. Using them is called “vaping.”
Reynolds American (rai), Altria Group (mo) and Fontem Ventures, a subsidiary of Imperial Brands (ityby), are among the leading manufacturers of the devices. Their use has grown quickly in the past decade, with U.S. sales expected to reach $4.1 billion in 2016, according to Wells Fargo Securities (wfc).
The healthcare community remains divided over the devices. Some experts are concerned about how little is known about their potential health risks and about growing use by teenagers, fearing that a new generation will become hooked on nicotine.
Others support them as a safer alternative to tobacco for smokers unable to quit.
The FDA regulations are expected to shutter many “vape shops” that make their own products and cannot afford to undergo the approval process. The rules may benefit the big manufacturers, especially tobacco companies like Reynolds and Altria, which have the checkbooks and experience to navigate regulatory agencies.
Despite the new rules, France's leading manufacturer of “e-liquids” used in the devices started doing business in the United States last month. The company said it hoped the new market could help double its current sales of about $55 million.
“The vaping consumer is going to be drowned in a lot of new products,” said Arnaud Dumas de Rauly, president of Gaïatrend USA, referring both to new devices and to types of liquids.
Reynolds, which makes the top-selling VUSE, did not introduce any new products this summer. Altria launched new flavor varieties including Menthol Ice and Smooth Cream.
Altria's Nu Mark e-cigarette company “has a robust pipeline of products and takes a disciplined approach to introducing those products to understand adult smoker and vaper acceptance,” Altria spokesman Steve Callahan said.
Callahan said the company was also mindful of the requirements of the new regulations and complying with the timelines the FDA established.
Mistic E-Cigs had planned to introduce sometime this year a new product called the Mistic 2.0 POD-MOD personal vaporizer, which has pods prefilled with liquids, but said its staff worked 14-hour days to ensure it was ready before the regulations took effect.
“We got a little lucky but we had to work a little extra hard,” said Justin Wiesehan, Mistic's vice president of regulatory affairs.
by
Just as there is no moral equivalence of a rapist and the rape victim, there is none between the police and Blacks. It is nowhere near a 50/50 equivalence of blame between the police and Blacks, though it is not surprising that there may be some Black pastors or some in the NAACP who will equally tell police and Blacks to tone down the rhetoric, or worse tell only Blacks to do so. It is not a school ground situation where a principal may tell two boys who are fighting to just shake hands and make peace.
Yes, there is finger-pointing and it is distinctly clear thereof that the origin and thereby the solution to police problems is with the police themselves, given that the very origin of policing in the U.S. was slave patrols, to the current extensive documentation of the problems to this very moment. This also applies in a way to the toxic historical and current relationship between police and Hispanic and poor whites, but we need to stay focused today on what is going on in the nation in regard to Blacks.
It is not the rhetoric that simply kills people, as Houston officials claim, but the circumstances. Also, when Houston officers refer to “police lives” mattering and the ideal that all “lives matter,” that is not the current practice nor the history in society. When the Harris County (Houston) DA says “It is not anything we can tolerate” about a deputy killed, that is obvious, though they have obviously been tolerating the killing of people of color disproportionately. Another official said “cops don't deserve this at all,” but you have not heard him say that Blacks don't deserve being killed. Moreover, the president of a deputy organization there pointed out public sentiment against police. If that is the case, he should ask why.
The police still expect that their story line is the one to go on, that they are to be believed, though their lying is so second-nature that there is what they themselves refer to “testilying” in court, of all things. Lying from officials got us into Vietnam and the millions killed then and over a million in the Middle East recently.
Prior to being recorded as they are now, police false accounts were to be believed and white juries have been notorious for believing them. Police now blame those recording for the killing of a tiny number of theirs while saying nothing of the thousands they have killed intentionally and their lies about it all. A favorite pastime of police is arresting those who record them. “Coffee with a Cop” was cancelled in a city when a cop drew a gun on someone who simply was recording him, with no attendant crime scene, etc., otherwise. Thus they are blaming the messenger, including the media in order to cow the latter into submission, but that is unnecessary because the coverage of one police killed is much more extensive (and thus police more valued) than the many Blacks killed by police. Numbers of police killed, by the way, are deceiving in that the majority die in vehicle accidents, etc., not by direct shootings of police, which when it does occur is more likely to be by white supremacist types. Policing in fact is safer than about 10 other occupations. Once while I was driving in Houston I had to stop and tap hard on the window of a police cruiser to wake up the officer to ask for directions.
Not long ago Harris County (Houston) was called “the death machine” because of the high proportion of their sending black, brown and poor white bodies to the execution chamber, which Texas still does disproportionately than other states. In the daytime you can see how Houston schools treat such children, and in the nighttime you can see how police treat them such adults, the school-to-prison pipeline in action.
Just how little black lives matter was seen in Ohio when a Black was pulled over the other day simply for making “direct eye contact” with an officer. A Black was shot in the back while fleeing a police officer, who lied about it. A 12 year old holding a play gun was killed within two seconds, and police lied about it. A baby was killed by the police when they bust into a house. The examples of Black live not mattering in comparison with White lives and the subsequent lying are countless.
It is not just Black lives that have not mattered much to police. The reason drones are used in the Middle East is to kill “suspects” and other innocents including many children who are valued less than American lives. Likewise Israeli lives are valued more than Palestinian “vermin.”
All this bloodlust is not going to be tempered with body cameras on police or more black and brown skin police and more female officers, since these latter folks often act more brutally against their own, to prove their police creds. Police culture will not change on its own without a very extensive resolution of many circumstances, not the least of which are the caustic socioeconomic circumstance of those who are Black and Hispanic (likewise schools will not become any better without such changes also). The frustrations in the U.S. are not (or have not been so far) found in Europe, hence no killings to speak of by police of citizens there nor of police there, proportionately. In a 24 day period this year here police killed more than police did in England and Wales in the past 24 years.
Police are not about to concede defeat in this war as they call it between them and Blacks. If anything they exert a great show of force for a time, as they did after two police were killed in New York several months ago. They will hunker down, seeking more public support for them than for BlackLivesMatter, and the public will perceive moral equivalency. Since this can't go on forever, the greater reality of Blacks killed will resurface, and subside again when another officer may be killed, and the cycle will continue.
Whatever happens, it should be clear that the narrative the police put out is largely false. The disbelief of it is now seen around the country in the long honking against police traffic stops. Cynicism is well deserved. Similar examples are shown with the CIA's death squads, etc,; the NSA; the FBI with their COINTELPRO, etc.; and the Pentagon, etc., who have simply been lying, in addition to the police. This is the past and now. They are guilty of deception and worse until proven innocent, not the other way around, given their past. That is not conjecture.
The extensive coverage of police funeral parades is obvious. Just as obvious is the nightly parading of black and brown skins in orange inmate jumpsuit mug shots. Not paraded are the arrests (there are none to speak of) of white collar criminals for their more deadly acts against the black and brown skinned and poor whites. How many banksters have gone to prison or been executed for their crimes causing death and destruction? What Blacks and Hispanics do is in no way equivalent to what banksters, the CIA, police, etc. do and have done.
The jungle position used to be a roster spot that most North American LCS teams looked to import from other regions.
But if there's one thing that the 2017 NA LCS Spring Split has shown us so far, it's that North America is ripe with young jungle talent as junglers like Cloud9 rookie Juan "Contractz" Arturo Garcia, Echo Fox's Matthew "Akaadian" Higginbotham and Phoenix1's Rami "Inori" Charagh are just a few domestic junglers that have put together impressive starts to the season.
theScore esports spoke with Akaadian ahead of this weekend's matches to talk about his time with Echo Fox and the overall strength of North America's jungle talent.
The jungle is something that infamously changed prior to the start of the season and you've been outspoken about the status of the jungle. How do you feel about the current state of the jungle?
I think right now the jungle is pretty simple. Your job is to impact the game as much as possible in the early game and then play teamfights well later. Junglers aren't exactly carries except a namely few (i.e. Kha'zix/Rengar), so most junglers have very specific jobs they need to execute in the mid-late game. If you do that well, fantastic.
How do you feel like you've adjusted to recent jungle changes thus far?
I think I've adjusted very well to the recent jungle changes simply because I focused on the early game a lot, and spoke with Gate about what was best even since back in Korea in early December, constantly refining it. I'd say my early game pathing is one of the best in the LCS right now.
Other NA junglers have spoken about the struggles with becoming more DPS carries than tanky initiators, but some of your best games have been more DPS-oriented with low death counts. How difficult has the adjustment been for you if at all?
There was no transition to carries for me. I've always been an extremely adept carry player and love playing those types of champions. On the flip side I love playing tanks that can initiate well so I think I'll be fine. But yeah, champions like Kha'zix and Graves come naturally to me because I've been an assassin/carry player for so long.
How would you rate your performance thus far?
I think my performance has been pretty good, If I had to rank myself I would say I have been performing like a Top 5 jungler thus far.
You currently hold the highest First Blood rate of any jungler in NA. How does your team set up those early plays? How do you keep getting a jump on your opponents?
I think I just track the enemy jungler well in the early game so I can help prevent my team from dying in the early game. It also helps that they know how to lane to not die and are good laners in the first place. I think the most important factor in my First Bloods has been my communication. I communicate clearly about what I'm going to do, where I'm going to go and how my laners should play to best facilitate what I'm going to do in the early game at the start of every game.
Echo Fox is one of many new hybrid rosters this split. How is your team coming together?
My team is coming together pretty well, I would say we have devised a good win condition for our team that we play off of now.
You recently became the first team to beat FlyQuest. How do you feel like your team performed?
My team performed extremely well against FlyQuest, particularly Froggen and Keith they did great!! As for myself, not so much.
How do you go about integrating your success in the jungle with the rest of your team?
It's just about having the best synergy possible with my team. If I am having great individual performances but my team is struggling to win, then there's obviously a disconnect. Just some things we have to figure out I guess.
Where does Echo Fox go from here? What is the team environment like?
Team environment is generally good. Sometimes it gets rough when we lose a lot in scrims, but I think that's been every team I have been on so far. It's just a work in progress. Everyone has respect for each other so it's easy to improve as a team for us.
This split, we've seen the rise of NA junglers including yourself, Contractz, Inori, and Moon. Previously, many thought that jungle was a position to be imported. Why do you think homegrown talent has done so well this split?
I think the jungle role particularly serves to make everyone better. Great North American players have trained others just by playing against them and winning. I would definitely say junglers are the strongest role in NA by far right now.
Of all junglers in NA, who are you looking forward to facing the most?
I'm equally excited to play against Reignover and Contractz, the former because he's been SO good in the past and he has such a good reputation, and the latter because he's my competition for rookie of the split. I want to win.
Of all junglers in the world, are there any that you look up to and try to emulate their playstyle? How would you describe your own playstyle?
Not really. I used to have very clear players I looked up to but not anymore. I just think you should watch people who are having success that do things differently from you and see if there is anything you can take from their play and apply it to your own. Everything for me is about being my own type of player. I want to be the type of player that doesn't just copy the good players, I want to have my own style and my own way I play that's distinct from everyone else.
*This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.
Emily Rand is a staff writer for theScore esports. You can follow her on Twitter.
Jimmy McMillan Evicted from NYC Apartment for 'Too Damn Cheap' Rent
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
As President Obama holds $35,000 a plate fundraiser and potential GOP candidate Mitt Romney gets $1 million from mysterious companies, one presidential hopeful is getting evicted from his apartment.
Jimmy McMillan, the man with the beard who caught the attention of America when he formed the “Rent is Too Damn High” party and ran for governor of New York, becoming a fly-by cultural icon in the process, is now getting evicted. The reason?
His rent is too damn cheap.
McMillan lives in New York City's East Village and pays only $872 a month for his rent-controlled digs in a neighborhood where apartments average approximately $3,500 a month.
And now, he says, the building owners are trying to evict him in order to bypass New York City rent-control laws and get more money.
"I've been here since 1977, and they want more money!" McMillan told The New York Post. "It's about 'My Rent is Too Damn Low.' "
The building's owner, Lisco Holdings, says they are kicking McMillan out because he does not really live there. Rent-control laws require that the rent-stabilized apartment be the tenant's primary residence, and McMillan told The New York Times in an interview last year that he lives in a Brooklyn apartment in exchange for maintenance work.
McMillan admits that he maintains an office in Brooklyn, but insists the East Village apartment really is his primary residence.
"That's my apartment. It is my residence. My name is on the lease," he said.
The case is currently in the housing court, but McMillan is not sitting back. In fact, he told his lawyer to file a counter-claim for $70,000.
“I'm not going to let them get away with it,” he said. “You don't tell an American how to live.”
Despite the court drama, the former Vietnam veteran is not letting it get in the way of his presidential campaign. However, he might actually need that $70,000 counter-claim since he has not raised any money.
“Not one person has sent a dollar or a quarter,” he told Politico.
“They haven't donated a nickel.”
The cost of running for president is too damn high, too.
Deepan Budlakoti has an Ontario birth certificate. The government once considered him a Canadian citizen and issued him a passport.
It now claims that was all a mistake, and although Mr. Budlakoti was born in Canada and his parents and younger brother are Canadian, he was never really a citizen, the government says. He's also a criminal and thus deserves to be deported, it says.
Mr. Budlakoti, 23, whose extensive criminal record includes trying to sell a gun to an Ottawa undercover cop and hundreds of break-ins, faces a last-chance effort to stay in Canada at a hearing on Wednesday. But the prospects are grim.
Story continues below advertisement
Unless the Harper government has a change of heart, federal agents will take him from a Toronto jail to Pearson airport and bundle him onto a flight bound for India – a country he has never visited.
Mr. Budlakoti admits he's scared at the prospect of being forcibly sent to India, where he has no home, no job, no friends and no prospect of returning to Canada.
"Canada is my country," he said in a telephone interview from prison. "I had a passport, the government told me I was a citizen." Now, he said, they "found a way to take my citizenship away."
The government argues Mr. Budlakoti should be tossed out of Canada, just like any other convicted criminal who is not a citizen or landed immigrant. It says Mr. Budlakoti was born while his parents were working as servants to the Indian High Commissioner in 1989 and therefore – unlike children born to tourists or those illegally in Canada – is Indian, not Canadian.
His lawyer, Peter Stieda, accuses the government of using a technicality and ignoring its own mistakes. It wants to rid Canada of someone it does not like, he said.
Ottawa is "punishing Deepan, by way of banishment, as a result of a strict technicality of the law," Mr. Stieda said, adding that the government "is definitely not acting in good faith."
Mr. Stieda, who represents many poor clients on a pro bono basis, said the government likes "deporting the disenfranchised."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
When Deepan was 12, his parents became Canadian citizens after years of cleaning toilets and gardening at the Indian embassy. On their original landed immigrant applications, they listed themselves, but not Deepan, because, as they wrote on the forms, their son was already a Canadian, born in Ontario.
The government admits it made a mistake giving him a passport, but says the fault is Mr. Budlakoti's. "While it's true that he was issued a Canadian passport, the passport application incorrectly referred to Mr. Budlakoti as a citizen," Paul Northcott, spokesman for Citizenship and Immigration, said in response to written questions from The Globe and Mail. "This inaccurate information led to Mr. Budlakoti acquiring a passport that should not have been issued."
Passports are issued only to citizens, and government officials are supposed to check the supporting documents that applicants submit. When Mr. Budlakoti wound up in Joyceville penitentiary, the government ordered a review of his status.
Nathalie Des Rosiers, general counsel for the Canadian Civil Liberties Union, said the government is taking advantage of an opportunity to expel a criminal.
"There is no indication of fraud here, simply that Mr. Budlakoti is no longer the type of citizen that the minster [Jason Kenney] wants in Canada because he has committed a crime," she said.
"It is dangerous for a democracy to create a system where people should always be fearful of not breaching any laws or of upsetting anyone so that they can remain safely where they live."
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Budlakoti's deportation is likely to be permanent exile. "Deportation usually means that one cannot ever return to Canada," Mr. Northcott said, adding "there are certain limited circumstances in which a person who has been deported may return."
Mr. Budlakoti has little hope. "Some people are not allowed to come to Canada. They are known as 'inadmissible,'" Mr. Northcott said. "There are a number of reasons you can be found inadmissible, denied a visa or refused entry to Canada … including criminality."
Ms. Des Rosiers warns the case is about far more than just a young man being kicked out of Canada because he has a criminal record.
"All Canadians and permanent residents should be worried about this vendetta, because it undermines the security and validity of immigration status and determination of citizenship."
Prime Minister John Key has no time for losing, and runs a mile from political disasters.
OPINION: The flag referendum result gives all of John Key's haters a rare chance to rejoice.
For once the prime minister has seriously misjudged the mood of the public.
And after all these years of preaching financial constraint, that's $26 million down the toilet.
Every politician hates losing, but Key hates it more than anyone. It's a big part of his success, both before and after entering politics. It's what drives him.
READ MORE:
* Flag debate: Full coverage
* The missing vote in NZ's flag referendum
* Flag selection process 'undemocratic'
* Hugh Jackman: Time to ditch the flag
* Flag voting papers stolen
* Duncan Garner: The shameful case of David Bain's compo
* Duncan Garner: Steering bored teens in the right direction
* Duncan Garner: Awaroa beach boys are humble heroes
He's a chirpy, happy, likeable, positive, ambitious, calculating, smiling assassin.
I also respected Helen Clark. And she could be warm and likable – especially away from the cameras.
Key has no time for losing – runs a mile from political disasters, like they never actually happened.
The flag result is a disaster for him.
But it's also not. He'll say, 'Oh well, we gave you a chance, we move on'.
But this was his idea. It was his baby. It's an entirely own goal. And the people said, No thanks John.
The public's given him a bloody nose, but that's all he got. And he prepared himself for this result.
He's headed off overseas to absent himself from all the fallout and dissection of the result, just as the Easter weekend began.
It's a total news dead-zone.
It's when all the disastrous news gets released. And buried. Total manipulation. Total master-stroke. Maybe a pure coincidence. Highly unlikely.
Key has so moved on. He did the same with the Northland by-election result – he shot through.
And it's Easter and honestly, does anyone care anymore about this flag? I don't. That was a big part of the problem.
So why did Key pursue a flag change in the first place?
Because this was supposed to have been his legacy project – a lasting symbol of his lasting contribution to the country.
It would have still been flying in the wind in 50 years' time and we could all say that came in under Sir John Key.
He'll get a knighthood too – but bringing those back is not his legacy.
So what is it? Does he have one? Not really.
He brought in tax cuts and sold half our assets. That's not creating a legacy.
Perhaps borrowing money and being a happy-go-luck prime minister may end up being what we remember him for long-term.
His Government has borrowed close to $60 billion for future generations to pay back. That's $8.5b for every year they have been in office.
That's $164m for every week they have sat on the Treasury benches. They failed to balance the books in the tough times.
But did Key have much of a choice? Not really. He had to steer us through a global financial meltdown, collapsing tax revenues and a massive Christchurch earthquake. There was little option.
So his legacy is that he's happy John Key.
He got National back in the game. He was trusted and well-liked by enough people to keep National in office.
He laughed, at himself at times, mangled his words, was sensible and pragmatic.
His legacy is that he could end up being the most popular prime minister of all time. A man with few economic options, so he traded on his personality.
On the other hand, Labour and its support partners had golden economic times while in power.
They delivered interest-free student loans in the form of an election bribe that National criticised – then embraced – in office.
Labour also gave us Kiwibank, paid parental leave, KiwiSaver, Working for Families, civil unions, a ban on smacking children, and legalising prostitution.
Now that's a legacy. The highest praise possible is that none of this has been dismantled by National.
I'll never forget the day Michael Cullen walked into a room in Parliament to announce a windfall gain in tax revenues (Kiwis being overtaxed) and then walked to another room to extend Working for Families to the middle classes at a cost of $500m.
It was raining money for Labour. It's been years of pain for National.
For all the talk of nanny state and voters eventually turning toxic on Helen Clark she can look back on her time in power with pride.
She set a clear path and used every inch of her formidable personality to make things happen.
John Key may still be swamped with selfie requests in shopping malls, but that's not the definition of a great leader.
Key has enjoyed a tonne of political capital and the disappointing thing is that he hasn't used it for any meaningful, lasting project.
Surely that's not good enough for a man driven by a deep ambition.
*comments are closed
Spread the love
The Real African|| By Dumani Mandela
In the book, The Historical Roots of the ANC (Understanding the ANC Today) Adekeye Adebajo deals effectively with the effects of The Washington Consensus on developing states.
Although initially aimed at Latin America their application was wide ranging to developing nations on the African continent. The Washington Consensus is a set of 10 economic policy prescriptions considered constituting the “standard” reform package promoted for crisis-wracked developing countries by Washington, D.C. based institutions such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Bank, and the US Treasury Department.
Advertisements
It was coined in 1989 by English economist John Williamson. The prescriptions encompassed policies in such areas as macroeconomic stabilization, economic opening with respect to both trade and investment, and the expansion of market forces within the domestic economy.
The ten points of the Washington Consensus were:
John Williamson himself goes on to discuss the disasters brought about in 2002 by the West's neo liberal policies by saying the following:
“It is difficult even for the creator of the term to deny that the phrase “Washington Consensus” is a damaged brand name. Audiences the world over seem to believe that this signifies a set of neoliberal policies that have been imposed on helpless countries by the Washington-based international financial institutions and have led them to crisis and misery. There are people who cannot utter the term without foaming at the mouth”.
The neoliberal policies of the Washington Consensus brought about by the advent of globalization, culminated in debt strapped African nations whom focused mostly on export lead growth and import substitution as a result of these policies.
As we all know this export lead growth lead to African states not being able to design their own secondary and tertiary industries of local production and relied mostly on exporting raw materials where they would be turned into finished goods in the West and the sold back to African states at a premium.
Also a lot of these African states were not able to protect their own local industries in a post colonial era because of trade liberalization and import substitution which also resulted in the wide scale selling of national assets for very low costs in order to maintain the debt positions to the IMF and World Bank.
The former World Bank Chief Economist Joseph Stiglitz had the following to say about the impacts of globalization on developing nations like those in Africa;
“The critics of globalization accuse Western countries of hypocrisy and the critics are right. The Western countries have pushed poor countries to eliminate trade barriers, preventing developing countries from exporting their agricultural products and depriving them desperately of export income. But even when not guilty of hypocrisy, the West has driven the globalization agenda ensuring that it garners a disapropriate share of the benefits, at the expense of the developing world”.
But however in the new millennium Africa is beginning to deal constructively with the effects of neo colonialism and globalization on its markets and beginning to develop indigenous growth structures, which are propelling African nation states in an upward trajectory towards global market normalization.
To a large degree the NEPAD document outlines Africa's response to the globalization question of the Washington Consensus of how Africa should respond to the complexities of the effects of globalization on African states. NEPAD -The New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) is a VISION and STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK FOR AFRICA's RENEWAL.
Its mandate is to develop an integrated socio-economic development framework for Africa. The International Relations and Corporation Department of South Africa describes NEPAD in the flowing manner:
“NEPAD is designed to address the current challenges facing the African continent. Issues such as the escalating poverty levels, underdevelopment and the continued marginalization of Africa needed a new radical intervention, spearheaded by African leaders, to develop a new Vision that would guarantee Africa's Renewal”.
The primary Objectives of NEPAD are to: eradicate poverty, place African countries, both individually and collectively on a path of sustainable growth and development, halt the marginalization of Africa in the globalization process and enhance its full and beneficial integration into the global economy; and to accelerate the empowerment of women.
In due course NEPAD will slowly lift Africa from the continental effects of the Washington consensus. African nations are beginning to demand more preferable negotiation terms for global trade in order to foster a new continental self determination which is founded on Pan African ideals which is allowing the continent to be able to determine the grounds for its own manifest destiny.
In his book : Emerging Africa , Kingsley Chiedu Moghalu has the following to say about the potential of Africa in the new millennium:
“And yet to others, Africa is the new frontier – the last, really, since virtually all others have opened up – in the relentless march of globalization. It is, in this view, a frontier with limitless opportunities for wealth creation for the agents of global capital and a few Africans who can now count on the newly emerging continent of 900 million consumers – a profitable market. The market is all the more imperative because the Western World epicenters of the global economy have recently been battered by economic and financial crisis the magnitude of which just slightly fell short of the Great Depression”.
Africa however still has a long way to go. Africa's share of world trade is about 3% with less than 5% of global Foreign Direct Investment Flows (FDI). According to Kinglsley Chiedu Moghalu in Emerging Africa , the combined GDP that makes up the 54 countries that make up the continent was barely equal to that of India.
The GDP of the entire Sub Saharan Africa, including South Africa is less than that of Sweden and Norway combined. In 2010, 100 000 people in Africa accounted for 80% of Africa's GDP. Clearly there is a need in Africa to spread the wealth it generates in order to meet the demands of change for its population of 900 million people.
There must be holistic development, which encompasses human development as a reflection of the real quality of life for Africans. Focusing on economic growth should translate into more jobs for its citizens and better education and healthcare. Africa needs indigenous growth model, which manufactures goods for its own markets and thereby create economic advantage.
The market in Africa should not simply become a playground for globalization, but growth in Africa should be transformative.
African economic growth cannot be derived purely from economic growth and statistics and dependence on primary products, but it should be a self-sufficient player based on indigenous growth. Deeper thinking about the continents place in the global marketplace is required, and what interventions can be made to fast track the African development paradigm.
Africa needs to develop a new worldview in the marketplace that is uniquely African, and it is beginning to do that in the new Millennium. This worldview beyond Pan Africanism will constitute the thinking of all African nations about the development prerequisites for Africa as a whole and not just each nation for their own, in the development global debate.
Africa's new worldview should determine who is responsible for Africa's future and who is not. It should determine exactly what is globalization in the African context and how the increasing interconnectedness of economies affects nation states in Africa and their sovereignty, commercial and financial flows.
The NEPAD document sets out Africa's worldview to a certain extent and addresses some of the concerns around capital formations flows but it is only a start. Africa needs to ensure it can protect its own gains with globalization.
This post first appeared at TalkPoverty.
In 1963, the Supreme Court declared that states are obligated to provide a lawyer to anyone accused of a crime who cannot afford one. In Gideon v. Wainwright, the Court made clear that a lawyer is essential to ensure justice is served and liberty is protected — that laypeople cannot possibly safeguard their own liberty in a complex system of law and procedure without a lawyer.
Yet, more than 50 years later, some jurisdictions deprive low-income people of the right to counsel simply because they own property or hold a job.
Imagine you are accused of a crime. Your government devotes vast resources to take you from your family and lock you away. You know you need a lawyer in order to prove your innocence. The judge demands that you sell your house to pay for one. Few scenarios are less consistent with our nation's ideals.
Welcome to criminal justice in much of America today, where too often the test of whether a person can or cannot afford a lawyer is so extreme that even the most indigent of defendants may be deemed unworthy of counsel. I was reminded of this as I watched a news story out of Orlando, Florida, entitled Taxpayer Money Wasted on Undeserving Defendants. The title made me wonder who the reporter understood as undeserving of the essential right to counsel.
The story showed three examples of people who were allegedly “defrauding” the system by requesting lawyers. Evidence that the first man could afford a lawyer was the fact that he owned a home. Another man presumably exemplified the term “undeserving” because he owned a car. The third example was an unemployed man who requested a public defender.
A judge, held up in the story as a model jurist, interrogated the third man for daring to ask for a lawyer. The man explained that he mowed lawns “off the books” on occasion to earn money. That was all the judge needed. She accused him in open court of trying to bilk the taxpaying audience of their money and denied him counsel. The message is not subtle: anyone who owns something of value, or has any income, is undeserving of a lawyer funded by the state.
Perhaps the most troubling aspect of the story is that the call to deprive counsel to these people who were just making ends meet was led by “several local attorneys.” Despite all of the taxpayer dollars used to mindlessly police, prosecute, and incarcerate poor people, these lawyers were most concerned that people hovering just above the poverty line might obtain court-appointed lawyers. Far too many lawyers prey on people who — in their effort to prove their innocence — are forced to mortgage their homes, or borrow money they cannot afford to pay back. Far too often these lawyers do little to deliver on their promise to provide quality representation. One has to wonder if the real incentive of these “whistleblowers” in Orlando is that they hope to be able to squeeze these defendants once their request for a public defender is denied.
The story reminded me of countless anecdotes I have heard from public defenders across the country about judges who deny court appointed counsel because a defendant has a decent watch, jewelry, or nice clothes. It also reminded me of a recent news story out of Waco, Texas where the county assigned a sheriff's detective to investigate poor defendants who request counsel. The detective visits their homes and tells them that if he determines they have been misleading in their application they could face a felony charge of tampering with government property. (The detective also said he tells people they are required to talk to him according to the application they signed, even though the application includes no such agreement.) Predictably, the threat causes many people to withdraw their application. Certainly, even many honest people prefer to avoid the increased scrutiny of the law. This is particularly true among populations that already have a distrustful relationship with law enforcement. Lauding the cost-savings of such intimidation, the county's indigent defense coordinator called it “helpful” and said that in a single week “several people just said, ‘I don't want to deal with this, I don't want to have to be bothered by the detectives — just throw my application away.'”
Clarence Earl Gideon was the Florida man behind the Supreme Court case that guarantee a lawyer to every person accused of a crime who cannot afford one. Although he is frequently used as the symbol of the right to counsel, Gideon — who survived by doing odd jobs — ironically would likely be deemed undeserving in Orlando if he were accused today.
Most working people in this country live paycheck to paycheck. Once wrongly accused, a good lawyer costs thousands of dollars. It is a necessity most people simply cannot afford. The ability to get justice in this country has become a luxury reserved for the rich. This is not Gideon's Promise.
Watch our show with Bryan Stevenson talking about the Supreme Court's landmark decision in the case of Gideon v. Wainwright.
The views expressed in this post are the author's alone, and presented here to offer a variety of perspectives to our readers.
California's two-year legislative session will come to a close at the end of August, which means the next few weeks will see a sprint of public policy infused with interest-group politics on as many as 1,500 bills.
The August proceedings in the second year of a legislative term, before lawmakers return home for the fall campaign season, are historically fraught with intense last-minute negotiations and private deals.
In short, it's seen as an opportunity to push through controversial plans by twisting the arms of lawmakers either in need of support for the November election or those who are ineligible to run again because of term limits and thus are more willing to cast votes that once had been too politically dangerous.
Even with a large number of issues on tap, a few key policy battles likely will garner the most significant attention. Here are a few worth watching.
A climate change clash: Will lawmakers extend California's landmark law?
Next month, the state law that mandates a rollback to 1990 greenhouse gas levels celebrates its 10th anniversary. And it has sparked an intense debate about whether the law needs to be renewed and, if so, whether to also expand the state's climate change goals.
Two measures are at the center of the discussion.
Senate Bill 32 by Sen. Fran Pavley (D-Agoura Hills) would lower carbon emissions in California to 40% below the 1990 levels by 2030.
87975048 Watch Gov. Jerry Brown speak about climate change at the Democratic National Convention.
A statewide public poll last week found that, in concept, 68% of Californians are in support of the proposal. The bill has been linked to another climate change effort, Assembly Bill 197 by Assemblyman Eduardo Garcia (D-Coachella). That proposal seeks more legislative input on California's climate change strategies and also would create six-year terms for members of the powerful state Air Resources Board, an agency largely under the direction of Gov. Jerry Brown.
There's a significant political backstory to this debate. Last summer, the oil and gas industry successfully blocked an effort to mandate fuel limits on California vehicles — a fight that pitted environmental and business-aligned Democrats in the Legislature against each other. And add to that Brown's efforts this summer to find common ground with the oil industry amid concerns that a pending lawsuit could squash California's cap and trade system, which forces companies to buy greenhouse gas pollution credits.
Gov. Jerry Brown in talks with oil companies about climate change programs »
Assembly race centers on climate debate »
A final push on affordable housing, and a tough one for Brown
When striking a state budget deal in June, Brown and lawmakers agreed to spend $400 million on low-income housing subsidies if the Legislature passed a bill in line with the governor's idea to streamline local approval for developments that reserved units for low-income Californians.
Now, comes the hard part.
No legislator has championed the governor's streamlining plan to date, and major opposition has emerged from powerful labor and environmental groups. They argue that housing developments to be fast-tracked under Brown's plan would wrongly sidestep additional environmental review. One debate that's proved especially thorny is whether the measure would require developers to pay construction workers higher wages.
Follow what's happening in Sacramento »
Summer showdowns over policing, Stanford rape case likely to spark legislative action
Legislators often are sparked to take action by news events, and pending efforts on police conduct and criminal sentences for rape may take on a new intensity in the Capitol.
Several closely watched bills on police body cameras and other law enforcement transparency issues already have died this year, as lawmakers failed to reach agreement to either loosen or further strengthen state laws that keep most police information private. One measure still in play from Assemblyman Evan Low (D-Campbell) seeks to restrict the release of any body camera footage showing the death of an officer.
Low also is the author, along with Assemblyman Bill Dodd (D-Napa), of a bill introduced in the wake of the much-publicized Stanford University rape case. Responding to criticisms that the assailant, a former student, should have been sentenced to prison, Assembly Bill 2888 would remove probation as an option for certain felony sex crimes. A separate bill inspired by the Stanford case, Assembly Bill 701 by Assemblywomen Cristina Garcia (D-Bell Gardens) and Susan Eggman (D-Stockton), would require more sex crimes be treated as rape and not a lesser offense. Several lawmakers also have publicly backed the effort to recall Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge Aaron Persky.
Also closely watched is an effort that has tried and failed before, requiring a criminal conviction before law enforcement agencies can keep property taken during an arrest.
(Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
A return to the politics of pot, with voters waiting in the wings
A year after approving the first statewide system to regulate the sale of medical marijuana, lawmakers are expected to grapple this month with several follow-up measures. And all of this comes just months before voters consider Proposition 64, a ballot measure to fully legalize pot in California.
One proposal, Assembly Bill 2243 by Assemblyman Jim Wood (D-Healdsburg), would impose an excise tax on distributors of $9.25 per ounce of medical cannabis flowers.
Other bills to be considered would allow landlords to bar tenants from using medical marijuana in apartments and call for USC to study the effect of marijuana on driving skills. And because banks face potential federal sanctions if they process the proceeds from sales of marijuana, one pending proposal would allow the state and counties to collect cash tax payments from medical cannabis businesses.
Sign up for our daily Essential Politics newsletter »
Shaking up the California Public Utilities Commission
A strong push from lawmakers to reform the state agency regulating California's electric and gas industries led to Brown's agreeing to support a package of bills that would strengthen the agency's oversight and transparency.
The plan to change the marching orders of the California Public Utilities Commission comes after numerous criticisms of the agency's too-chummy relationship with energy companies, including its handling of last year's Aliso Canyon gas leak.
Many details of the reform package, however, have yet to be put down on paper through actual legislation — and the clock is ticking. The key issues include how the agency would shift some of its authority over Uber, Lyft and other ride-hailing companies to other regulators.
Beset by scandals, the state's energy regulator is facing a massive reorganization »
(Shane Dunlap / Evening Sun)
A ballot in the mail for everyone?
Lawmakers will consider a sweeping proposal by month's end that seeks to boost voter participation across California, after elections that have seen as many as three of every four registered voters simply take a pass on casting a ballot.
Senate Bill 450 would allow counties to mail every voter a ballot and to switch from traditional polling places to “vote centers” that are open before election day and spread around in convenient community locations.
The bill as currently written would allow 14 counties to use the new system in 2018 and would allow all other California communities to use it in the 2020 elections.
Introduced by state Sen. Ben Allen (D-Santa Monica) and supported by Secretary of State Alex Padilla, the proposal is modeled after revisions to the elections process in Colorado that significantly boosted voter turnout in 2014.
The challenge, though, is finding a system that everyone likes. If fully implemented, it would require mailing out more than 17 million ballots. And questions have been asked about voter education, how to pay for the new effort and access by disabled voters.
Los Angeles County, home to the single largest concentration of California's voters, would get a special exemption from mailing everyone a ballot. The proposal also means the county would have to provide more vote centers per capita than other counties.
(Rich Pedroncelli / Associated Press )
Last-minute wheeling and dealing
For some of the most controversial items that got bogged down in Capitol politics months ago, the end of session offers one more chance to try to forge compromise.
Two proposals worth watching in that category involve gambling: a bill to legalize Internet poker sites operated by Native American tribes and legislation to license fantasy sports websites. Both efforts remain under discussion but have missed some procedural deadlines, usually a sign that legislation is dead.
But at the end of a two-year legislative session, no proposal is truly dead until the final gavel falls on Aug. 31. Lawmakers routinely carve out the contents of existing bills and insert new language on completely different topics. In the final weeks of 2014's legislative session, lawmakers took a bill dealing with the sale of fireworks and quickly turned it into a $7.5-billion water bond, later approved by voters that fall.
Known at the Capitol as the “gut and amend” process, it means privately negotiated deals can be written and passed in a matter of hours. This summer, though, there could be a price to pay for political wheeling and dealing: Proposition 54, to be considered by voters this fall, would require all bills be subject to public review for at least three days before passage. Backers of that campaign would no doubt use any controversial actions this month as fuel for their effort to change the rules.
ALSO
Gov. Jerry Brown in talks with oil companies about climate change programs
Follow what's happening in Sacramento
Sign up for the free Essential Politics newsletter
Chelsea Manning, the transgender soldier imprisoned for leaking classified information to WikiLeaks, is about to spend her seventh Christmas in military police custody. Manning recently asked President Obama to commute her sentence to time served, not long after attempting suicide for the second time while in custody, which occurred in October of this year.
Supporters are sending holiday cards and books to her, rallying on the transgender subreddit.
“I have no idea what to write. She gave me the courage to transition,” wrote one redditor.
“The just wrote that,” another responded.
Manning wrote an article for The Guardian last year in December titled “In prison, the holiday season is grim – but I won't lose hope.” In it, she said that the letters and cards were one thing that gave her hope in a desperate situation.
“I am happily reminded that I am real and that I do exist for people outside this prison,” she wrote.
Many are worried about what a Trump administration will mean for Manning. Trump is reportedly considering a man, David Clarke, who called transgender people “freakish” to head up the Department of Homeland Security.
As The New Republic notes, the military's decision in September to allow her to have gender confirmation surgery, which was part of a larger decision permitting trans soldiers to serve openly, has been openly criticized by both the president-elect and the person he has appointed to be his national security advisor, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn.
Those wishing to write to Manning can find more information to do so through the official Chelsea Manning Support Network website here.
This Story Filed Under
When they were showing off artwork from Wonder Woman: Earth One Vol. 2 by Grant Morrison and Yanick Paquette at San Diego Comic-Con this summer, there was an idea it might be out for this Christmas.
Well, that's not happening, But it should be out for next Christmas, as it has now been scheduled for August 2018. Here's the blurb.
For years, Diana of Paradise Island yearned to leave the only home she knew behind for adventures that laid beyond its shores. Now, after a fateful meeting with Air Force pilot Steve Trevor, the Amazon Warrior finds herself in Man's World. And she is ready for anything that it may throw at her. But is the world ready for Wonder Woman? An American Government, fraught with dissession and conflicts foreign to Diana, have deemed her a danger to society. How will Wonder Woman carry out her mission of peace and love in a world that can't get out of its own way? That is, unless there are more insidious forces at play… Continuing the tradition of critically acclaimed EARTH ONE tale that challenge the status quo of the comics industry, WONDER WOMAN: EARTH ONE VOL. 2 is Grant Morrison's latest genre-rocking salvo. With dynamic illustrations from the divine Yanick Paquette, this original graphic novel is a classic in the making.
Here's some of the artwork we'd been seeing…
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
polycryptoblog
Offline
Activity: 368
Merit: 251
Sr. MemberActivity: 368Merit: 251 Re: [ANN] BitcoinDark (BTCD)--Financial_Privacy/SuperNET_Core/InstantDEX/PAX/Divs December 28, 2015, 05:52:11 PM #9545 Hi, I have been following BTCD's developments for several months and all I can say is keep up the good work!
I am interested in contributing to this project because I think that it is simply revolutionary. I was curious on how to get in contact with the team developing this project? I am unfamiliar with Slack and am confused on how to join the channel.
If anyone can point me in the right direction it would be most appreciated.
*pardon the noob acct, long time lurker first time poster
nwfella
Offline
Activity: 1484
Merit: 1000
btc tips: 1NPQP9Z4Ju6rTnH4uR6986kGVnEkpyYFJZ
LegendaryActivity: 1484Merit: 1000btc tips: 1NPQP9Z4Ju6rTnH4uR6986kGVnEkpyYFJZ Re: [ANN] BitcoinDark (BTCD)--Financial_Privacy/SuperNET_Core/InstantDEX/PAX/Divs December 29, 2015, 03:42:14 AM #9549 Cryptsy has been experiencing wallet w/d issue(s) for well over a month now. People only intermittently reporting successful withdrawal's (I had one just two days ago but for trivial amount) and no ETA as to when it will be resolved. Not unusual for Cryptsy to constantly have wallet issue(s), but sustained across the board w/d issues for just about everybody for so long is disconcerting to say the least. BTC: 3MsaLB8ghUB15YBP5ruyb5jiLbMou1CuNm
LTC: LhgGYFUBdLf7c5qygjw3Jte3nCFs2gp1j8
bitkokos2
Offline
Activity: 666
Merit: 500
Hero MemberActivity: 666Merit: 500 Re: [ANN] BitcoinDark (BTCD)--Financial_Privacy/SuperNET_Core/InstantDEX/PAX/Divs December 29, 2015, 10:58:30 AM #9550 Quote from: nwfella on December 29, 2015, 03:42:14 AM Cryptsy has been experiencing wallet w/d issue(s) for well over a month now. People only intermittently reporting successful withdrawal's (I had one just two days ago but for trivial amount) and no ETA as to when it will be resolved. Not unusual for Cryptsy to constantly have wallet issue(s), but sustained across the board w/d issues for just about everybody for so long is disconcerting to say the least.
Over a month now? We are always suffering with w/d issues on craptsy.
Even jl777 was suffering 16 months ago.
Look at the date
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=684090.msg8630177#msg8630177
They are not stupid enough to send BTCD as their wallet is fat and they get a nice 5% by staking. Over a month now? We are always suffering with w/d issues on craptsy.Even jl777 was suffering 16 months ago.Look at the dateThey are not stupid enough to send BTCD as their wallet is fat and they get a nice 5% by staking.
Azeh
Offline
Activity: 442
Merit: 500
Sr. MemberActivity: 442Merit: 500 Re: [ANN] BitcoinDark (BTCD)--Financial_Privacy/SuperNET_Core/InstantDEX/PAX/Divs December 29, 2015, 05:04:42 PM #9551 Quote from: barbierir on December 28, 2015, 07:55:57 PM Quote from: polycryptoblog on December 28, 2015, 05:52:11 PM Hi, I have been following BTCD's developments for several months and all I can say is keep up the good work!
I am interested in contributing to this project because I think that it is simply revolutionary. I was curious on how to get in contact with the team developing this project? I am unfamiliar with Slack and am confused on how to join the channel.
If anyone can point me in the right direction it would be most appreciated.
you should ask for an invite on Supernet slack where you can follow the latest development of Btcd and related projects:
Slack is very simple to use, it's unfortunate that I waited months before joining. Once you join Supernet Slack you find there are a number of sub-channels, you're automatically subscribed to "general" but must manually join the others. I suggest the channels "btcd", "iguana" and "announcements". You also find a list of people and can send private messages.
you should ask for an invite on Supernet slack where you can follow the latest development of Btcd and related projects: http://slackinvite.supernet.org/ (I think this link should be added to the OP).Slack is very simple to use, it's unfortunate that I waited months before joining. Once you join Supernet Slack you find there are a number of sub-channels, you're automatically subscribed to "general" but must manually join the others. I suggest the channels "btcd", "iguana" and "announcements". You also find a list of people and can send private messages.
Thanks. I added the SuperNET slack invite link under the new logo graphic in the OP. When you join supernet slack, where all the development is occuring, you should be sure to join the channels #btcd and #iguana.
@polycryptoblog, we'd love to have new contributors. The more the better Let us know how you'd like to help out. Thanks. I added the SuperNET slack invite link under the new logo graphic in the OP. When you join supernet slack, where all the development is occuring, you should be sure to join the channels #btcd and #iguana.@polycryptoblog, we'd love to have new contributors. The more the betterLet us know how you'd like to help out.
riceberry
Offline
Activity: 487
Merit: 500
Hero MemberActivity: 487Merit: 500 Re: [ANN] BitcoinDark (BTCD)--Financial_Privacy/SuperNET_Core/InstantDEX/PAX/Divs December 29, 2015, 07:45:13 PM #9552 Quote from: Azeh on December 29, 2015, 05:04:42 PM Quote from: barbierir on December 28, 2015, 07:55:57 PM Quote from: polycryptoblog on December 28, 2015, 05:52:11 PM Hi, I have been following BTCD's developments for several months and all I can say is keep up the good work!
I am interested in contributing to this project because I think that it is simply revolutionary. I was curious on how to get in contact with the team developing this project? I am unfamiliar with Slack and am confused on how to join the channel.
If anyone can point me in the right direction it would be most appreciated.
you should ask for an invite on Supernet slack where you can follow the latest development of Btcd and related projects:
Slack is very simple to use, it's unfortunate that I waited months before joining. Once you join Supernet Slack you find there are a number of sub-channels, you're automatically subscribed to "general" but must manually join the others. I suggest the channels "btcd", "iguana" and "announcements". You also find a list of people and can send private messages.
you should ask for an invite on Supernet slack where you can follow the latest development of Btcd and related projects: http://slackinvite.supernet.org/ (I think this link should be added to the OP).Slack is very simple to use, it's unfortunate that I waited months before joining. Once you join Supernet Slack you find there are a number of sub-channels, you're automatically subscribed to "general" but must manually join the others. I suggest the channels "btcd", "iguana" and "announcements". You also find a list of people and can send private messages.
Thanks. I added the SuperNET slack invite link under the new logo graphic in the OP. When you join supernet slack, where all the development is occuring, you should be sure to join the channels #btcd and #iguana.
@polycryptoblog, we'd love to have new contributors. The more the better Let us know how you'd like to help out.
Thanks. I added the SuperNET slack invite link under the new logo graphic in the OP. When you join supernet slack, where all the development is occuring, you should be sure to join the channels #btcd and #iguana.@polycryptoblog, we'd love to have new contributors. The more the betterLet us know how you'd like to help out.
Welcome @polycryptoblog. You should really join slack, that's where the development action is. Welcome @polycryptoblog. You should really join slack, that's where the development action is.
Azeh
Offline
Activity: 442
Merit: 500
Sr. MemberActivity: 442Merit: 500 Re: [ANN] BitcoinDark (BTCD)--Financial_Privacy/SuperNET_Core/InstantDEX/PAX/Divs December 30, 2015, 01:26:57 PM #9556 1000 BTCD Bounty for a Block Explorer task. This is for the BTCD chrome app (Iguana).
https://twitter.com/BitcoinDark/status/682155103713796097
Please join SuperNET slack and join the channel #iguana or #btcd and let us know if you are interested. Bounty for a Block Explorer task. This is for the BTCD chrome app (Iguana).Please join SuperNET slack and join the channel #iguana or #btcd and let us know if you are interested.
A common complaint about wrinkle-masking Botox is that recipients have difficulty displaying emotions on their faces. That side effect might be a good thing, however, for people with treatment-resistant depression.
In the first randomized, controlled study on the effect of botulinum toxin—known commercially as Botox—on depression, researchers investigated whether it might aid patients with major depressive disorder who had not responded to antidepressant medications. Participants in the treatment group were given a single dose (consisting of five injections) of botulinum toxin in the area of the face between and just above the eyebrows, whereas the control group was given placebo injections. Depressive symptoms in the treatment group decreased 47 percent after six weeks, an improvement that remained through the 16-week study period. The placebo group had a 9 percent reduction in symptoms. The findings appeared in May in the Journal of Psychiatric Research.
Study author M. Axel Wollmer, a psychiatrist at the University of Basel in Switzerland, believes the treatment “interrupts feedback from the facial musculature to the brain, which may be involved in the development and maintenance of negative emotions.” Past studies have shown that Botox impairs people's ability to identify others' feelings, and the new finding adds more evidence: the muscles of the face are instrumental for identifying and experiencing emotions, not just communicating them.
Getting a stable DIY home automation system up and running is not for the faint-hearted. Deciding which hardware, software and protocols you want to use for your project can be a challenging task because of the overwhelming choice.
In this article I'll explain my personal view on DIY home automation from a developer stand point. I'll try to keep it as generic as possible so that regardless of the hardware or software you use, you'll be able to pick up some of my ideas and improve your own implementation.
Quality assurance
It's awesome to read so many articles and ideas on the web these days regarding home automation and IoT, the sad part is that most of the time these implementations are OK as DIY gimmick. But to use it everyday as a “production” kind of environment is an whole other story. Topics that are often ignored in these DIY projects are:
Security
Reliability
Safety
Extendability
You can prevent all sorts of annoying situations if you think about the topics above before starting. Ask yourself questions like:
What happens in case of a power failure and will the system be able to recover?
Is this sonoff that I've stuck behind the couch safe for my child?
Will my garden sensors be able to withstand a week of pouring rain?
Can I add extra sensors to my system and is there a limit?
You should keep in mind that everything will soon or later break. And when it does, it will probably be at the most inconvenient time and when you least expect it. Let's hope you are lucky and be at home at that moment, because otherwise you can expect a raging call from your wife. Trust me, I've been in this situation.
So please do design for failure and save yourself a headache.
Industrial grade core
The core of a home automation system is for me the basic electric functionality needed in a house. At this stage you should forget about the automation bells and whistles for a minute and focus on the basic functionality of wall switches and lights. What I mean by this is focus on the functionality you'll find in a everyday house these days. Pressing button X will turn on light Y. Pressing button A will close shutter B.
This part of the system is the core and should in my personal opinion be really secure, reliable, safe and extendible. So for me personally, boards like Arduino, RaspberryPi's and other DIY boards are a no-go in this part of your system. Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge fan of these platforms but there are just to many things that need to get patched before these systems will meet the above listed requirements.
To give you an idea of some of the hurdles you'll run into when using DIY boards in your core system:
I'm not saying it's impossible to run an entire home on Raspberry Pi's and Arduino's, for example Jonathan Oxer from SuperHouse.tv is doing exactly that, but it's harder than the hello world home automation articles you'll find on the web these days.
For me the right component here is something industrial grade with proven reliability and safety at it's core. A programmable logic controller (PLC) matches all these criteria. I personally choose to use a PLC of the brand Beckhoff but any basic to mid range PLC will probably suffice.
The only requirement when choosing a PLC is that it has an Ethernet connection and that there is a way (API/protocol) to control your PLC program remotely. This part is essential to be able to later on add the automation part of our setup.
Keep in mind that these industrial grade devices are in another price range than your average DIY controller. But personally I think the reliability you'll get from these devices justifies the one time cost.
Another advantage of investing in a industrial grade device is that it's a piece of common knowledge. Every electrician with knowledge of PLC's will be able to fix your installation if you're not available or end up dead. Imagine the same thing happing if your home automation is build up out of custom compiled bits and pieces, all deployed on a pile of DIY boards that are shattered around the house. There will be no electrician that would even dare to touch it.
You should think about the bus factor of your installation. If the core of your system has a bus factor of 1 you are probably doing something wrong. In case of my PLC implementation that is fixable by anyone with some Beckhoff knowledge, you are probably looking at a bus factor of 1000+.
Topology
To use a PLC it's best to run all your wires (buttons, outlets, shutters) to one central place in the house where you can connect them directly to your PLC. So you create a star network of all your basic IO devices in the house.
Like I said before, reliability is key for me and wireless is the opposite of reliable if you ask me. The only disadvantage of using a star setup is that you'll end up with a gigantic amount of wires at your central location. Do make sure to provide enough room for all these cables and buy a large electrical box to make your life easier.
Take your time to label all these cables with some quality labels. I've made the mistake of using some cheap tape as labels which came loose after a while resulting in some unlabeled cables. I'm sure Sherlock Holmes would appreciate such a quest but I prefer to spend my time on more exciting projects.
To solve this I highly recommend investing in a good label printer. If you are working with such amount of cables you'll need to start labeling everything.
Because all the cables to your switches are low voltage (24v) there is no need to use main electrical cables. For my installation I've choose to use SVV signaling cable with 8 or 16 wires. With this amount of wires you will be sure you'll not have to pull in extra wires if you want to make some changes to your installation. For example replacing a 2 button wall switch with 4 buttons can be done without a problem.
Adding layers
If we want to add layers to the core there needs to be a sort of API to control the core layer. In my case, because I use a Beckhoff PLC this API is ADS which is a protocol to update and read states of variables in your PLC program.
There are C libraries available to interact with ADS but this is not really usable. I wanted my API to be easily usable in all sorts of programming languages. So I made the decision to create a REST API in NodeJS that mapped incoming requests to ADS.
Another feature that I've added to this project was an ADS event listener. I listen for changes on all inputs and outputs of the PLC and when a change is received I publish it to MQTT.
If you don't know what MQTT is, make sure to look it up because in my opinion it's an essential piece of the puzzle if you want to roll out your own home automation system. In short: MQTT is a server that you can connect to and publish events to, or listen for events on. One big advantages of MQTT are that it's very light weight and that there are libraries available for every language and platform that you can think of.
To give you a use case: you can create an Arduino that controls a water valve to water the garden by just writing a small program that connects to the MQTT broker and listen for a wall switch event (e.g. ` home/firstfloor/button/kitchen/2/on`). When this event is received the valve is opened. So without touching or changing your core system you've added a way to control your garden watering system from a wall switch in the kitchen.
Sensor layer
Like described in previous part I prefer to publish all my events to MQTT. This way this information is available for every other device on the network that is interested.
No matter what kind of sensors you use. Most of them will have a solution to publish the data to an MQTT broker.
If you are looking for a cheap solution to build a wide range of sensors make sure to check out MySensors. MySensors is an open source project that provides you with all sorts of sketches for your Arduino to build a gateway/client network. The cool thing is that the communication between the clients(sensors) and the gateway is done using cheap radio modules like this NRF24L01+. These ultra low power radio modules make it possible to run your sensors on a pair of AA batteries for over a year.
Network event layer
Something else that turned out very useful for my setup was setting up a central (r)syslog server. All devices on your network should send their logs to this central server which obviously is useful for debugging purposes but it will give you another layer of events.
Using rsyslog conditions you can listen for certain syslog events and publish an event on your MQTT broker.
To give you some practical examples of use cases:
DHCP leases for specific IP address to detect if certain users are home or not
Detect webcam FTP upload to use webcam as a motion detector
Alarm when unkown mac address activity is detected on the network
Alarm on critical device errors
My rsyslog config to publish events looks like this:
# Load needed modules module(load="omprog") # Listen for foscam FTP upload if $msg contains "[foscam] OK LOGIN" then { action(type="omprog" binary="/usr/bin/mosquitto_pub -h localhost -m motion -t 'home/firstfloor/camera/frontdoor/motion'") } # Detect if user is at home if $msg contains "DHCPREQUEST for 192.168.1.130" then { action(type="omprog" binary="/usr/bin/mosquitto_pub -h localhost -m dhcp-request -t 'home/person/wim/phone/detect'") }
Just take a look at the log files of the different devices on your network and you'll probably can think of 10 other use cases.
Automation layer
So now that we have our core system setup and an event bus that's signaling button states, light states, sensor data and network events it's time to glue all this together with an automation layer. There are a lot of open source projects available for this purpose:
I started using OpenHAB and didn't really look back. OpenHAB was doing what I expected and more. Also the integration's with other commercial IoT home appliances like Phillips Hue and Sonos work great.
The sky is the limit
Thanks to a solid core system and a MQTT broker that publishes all events and data to devices that are interested you'll end up with a very good foundation to roll out your own home automation system.
Now it's just a matter of letting your imagination go and use the data available on the broker to make your home smart.
Just to give you an example of a service that I've added to my network and to show you how flexible this system is. If you're a web developer you probably heard of Google Analytics. This is an online platform to track and report your website traffic. Because Google Analytics also makes it possible to track clicks on website buttons and other events, wouldn't it be cool to push our MQTT events into Google Analytics? So I've written a little MQTT listener in NodeJS and pushed all my light and button states to Google Analytics. The result is that I've now had a reporting system for my house. Below for example is a pie chart of the most used lights in my house. It's funny to see that some of the most used lights in my house are actually the ones that I don't have replaced with LEDs yet.
That's it for now. I know this articles doesn't go into too much detail on the technical side. If you want more information or have questions about one of these topics, feel free to comment below or shoot me an email.
Group, led by Chuka Umunna, criticises party's leader for not taking stronger line on what UK should look like post-Brexit
A group of 29 Labour MPs criticised their leader Jeremy Corbyn on Saturday for failing to take a stronger line on Brexit and demanded that he back continued full membership of the single market.
The statement by the group, led by Chuka Umunna, said any other form of trading arrangement would make working people worse off and mean higher costs for business, fewer jobs and inflated prices.
Others in the group included the shadow minister for transport Daniel Zeichner, serving whip Thangam Debbonaire and 10 former shadow cabinet members.
Arguments against single market membership illustrate a lack of ambition Read more
The decision to release a statement follows disquiet in the parliamentary party last week when Labour whips in the House of Lords ordered Labour peers to vote against an amendment by Peter Hain in favour of membership of the single market.
It is also reflecting a wider concern among pro-EU MPs that Corbyn is failing to create a clear dividing line with the Tories over Brexit as Theresa May prepares to trigger the formal article 50 process to leave the EU.
The statement says that membership of the single market would allow Britain to leave the EU without wrecking people's jobs and livelihoods. “It would give us totally free trade with the biggest market on the planet, with neither tariff barriers to trade in goods nor regulatory barriers to trade in services between the UK and the EU – all whilst not being a member of the EU.
Peter Hain: hard Brexit puts Northern Ireland peace process at risk Read more
“Confronted with this threat, the British people – leave voters and remain voters alike – are looking to the Labour party to provide leadership and direction as we go forward. It is crucial that we reject the argument that Brexit must mean a trading arrangement that makes the British people poorer.
“Instead, Labour must stand unambiguously for a deal that protects peoples' jobs and livelihoods and enhances their life chances; not a hard Brexit that could take our economy off a cliff whilst making working people worse off. This requires our party to be full-throated in its defence of Britain's membership of the single market.”
Umunna, who organised the statement added: “In their 2015 manifesto the Tories made an unconditional commitment to ‘safeguard British interests in the single market' which is vital to protecting people's jobs and livelihoods. We must provide a strong opposition to the Theresa May's pursuit of a ‘hard Brexit' and not allow them to run away from this pledge. Campaigning for single market membership is vital.”
Has Jeremy Corbyn ended Labour unity with article 50 whips? Read more
Keir Starmer, Labour's Brexit spokesman, has stopped short of calling for full membership but demanded controlled access with tariff-free trade between the UK and EU in a deal that he says would work for both goods and services.
Starmer also takes the view that Labour can argue for an approach that would retain the essential benefits of the single market without having to accept the resulting force of EU law that applies to countries who are full members.
Senate passes resolution calling on Hosni Mubarak to begin transfer of power in Egypt
By Felicia Sonmez
Updated: 9:08 p.m.
The Senate on Thursday passed a resolution supporting democracy in Egypt and calling on President Hosni Mubarak to begin the process of transferring power and creating a caretaker government as attacks on anti-government protesters entered their second day.
The resolution, sponsored by Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry (D-Mass.) and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), passed Thursday evening by unanimous voice vote. It calls on Mubarak "to immediately begin an orderly and peaceful transition to a democratic political system, including the transfer of power to an inclusive interim caretaker government, in coordination with leaders from Egypt's opposition, civil society, and military, to enact the necessary reforms to hold free, fair, and internationally credible elections this year."
The resolution also "strongly condemns the intimidation, targeting or detention of journalists," calls on all parties to "refrain from all violent and criminal acts," and "expresses deep concern over any organization that espouses an extremist ideology, including the Muslim Brotherhood."
In a statement Thursday night, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) said, "The Egyptian people have sent a clear message that it is time for change. The Senate heard that message, and we will continue support the people of Egypt as they determine their future."
Earlier Thursday, Kerry emphasized that the resolution does not specify whether or not Mubarak should be part of a caretaker government and noted that the choice remains up to the Egyptian people.
"We want them to make that kind of choice and not narrow the options here," Kerry said. "But the key here is to respect people's rights, to end the violence, to provide an opportunity for this transfer, and to begin to pull Egypt out of this chaotic confrontation and begin to embrace the aspirations of the people."
The full text of the resolution is below the jump.
IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES RESOLUTION Mr. KERRY (for himself and Mr. MCCAIN) submitted the following resolution:
______________________________________Supporting democracy, universal rights, and the peaceful transition to a representative government in Egypt.Whereas the United States and Egypt have long shared a strong bilateral relationship;Whereas Egypt plays an important role in global and regional politics as well as in the broader Middle East and North Africa;Whereas Egypt has been, and continues to be, an intellectual and cultural center of the Arab world;Whereas on January 25, 2011, demonstrations began across Egypt with thousands of protesters peacefully calling for a new government, free and fair elections, significant constitutional and political reforms, greater economic opportunity, and an end to government corruption;Whereas on January 28, 2011, the Government of Egypt shut down Internet and mobile phone networks almost entirely and blocked social networking websites;Whereas on January 29, 2011, President Hosni Mubarak appointed Omar Suleiman, former head of the Egyptian General Intelligence Directorate, as Vice President and Ahmed Shafik, former Minister for Civil Aviation, as Prime Minister;Whereas the demonstrations have continued, making this the longest protest in modern Egyptian history, and on February 1, 2011, millions of protesters took to the streets across the country;Whereas hundreds of Egyptians have been killed and injured since the protests began;Whereas on February 1, 2011, President Hosni Mubarak announced that he would not run for reelection later this year, but widespread protests against his government continue;Whereas on February 1, 2011, President Barack Obama called for an orderly transition, stating that it "must be meaningful, it must be peaceful, and it must begin now." He also affirmed that: "The process must include a broad spectrum of Egyptian voices and opposition parties. It should lead to elections that are free and fair. And it should result in a government that's not only grounded in democratic principles, but is also responsive to the aspirations of the Egyptian people.";Whereas despite President Hosni Mubarak's pledge in 2005 that Egypt's controversial emergency law would be used only to fight terrorism and that he planned to abolish the state of emergency and adopt new antiterrorism legislation as an alternative, in May 2010, the Government of Egypt again extended the emergency law, which has been in place continuously since 1981, for another 2 years, giving police broad powers of arrest and allowing indefinite detention without charge;Whereas the Department of State's 2009 Human Rights Report notes with respect to Egypt, ''[t]he government's respect for human rights remained poor, and serious abuses continued in many areas. The government limited citizens' right to change their government and continued a state of emergency that has been in place almost continuously since 1967.'';Whereas past elections in Egypt, including the most recent November 2010 parliamentary elections, have seen serious irregularities at polling and counting stations, security force intimidation and coercion of voters, and obstruction of peaceful political rallies and demonstrations;andWhereas any election must be honest and open to all legitimate candidates and conducted without interference from the military or security apparatus and under the oversight of international monitors: Now, therefore, be itResolved, That the Senate--(1) acknowledges the central and historic importance of the United States-Egyptian strategic partnership in advancing the common interests of both countries, including peace and security in the broader Middle East and North Africa;(2) reaffirms the United States' commitment to the universal rights of freedom of assembly, freedom of speech, and freedom of access to information, including the Internet, and expresses strong support for the people of Egypt in their peaceful calls for a representative and responsive democratic government that respects these rights;(3) condemns any efforts to provoke or instigate violence, and calls upon all parties to refrain from all violent and criminal acts;(4) supports freedom of the press and strongly condemns the intimidation, targeting or detention of journalists;(5) urges the Egyptian military to demonstrate maximum professionalism and restraint, and emphasizes the importance of working to peacefully restore calm and order while allowing for free and non-violent freedom of expression;(6) calls on President Mubarak to immediately begin an orderly and peaceful transition to a democratic political system, including the transfer of power to an inclusive interim caretaker government, in coordination with leaders from Egypt's opposition, civil society, and military, to enact the necessary reforms to hold free, fair, and internationally credible elections this year;(7) affirms that a real transition to a legitimate representative democracy in Egypt requires concrete steps to be taken as soon as possible, including lifting the state of emergency, allowing Egyptians to organize independent political parties without interference, enhancing the transparency of governmental institutions, restoring judicial supervision of elections, allowing credible international monitors to observe the preparation and conduct of elections, and amending the laws and Constitution of Egypt as necessary to implement these and other critical reforms;(8) pledges full support for Egypt's transition to a representative democracy that is responsive to the needs of the Egyptian people, and calls on all nations to support the people of Egypt as they work to conduct a successful transition to democracy;(9) expresses deep concern over any organization that espouses an extremist ideology, including the Muslim Brotherhood, and calls upon all political movements and parties in Egypt, including an interim government, to affirm their commitment to non-violence and the rule of law, the equal rights of all individuals, accountable institutions of justice, religious tolerance, peaceful relations with Egypt's neighbors, and the fundamental principles and practices of democracy, including the regular conduct of free and fair elections;(10) underscores the vital importance of any Egyptian Government continuing to fulfill its international obligations, including its commitment under the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty signed on March 26, 1979, and the freedom of navigation through the Suez Canal; and(11) ensures that United States assistance to the Egyptian Government, military, and people will advance the goal of ensuring respect for the universal rights of the Egyptian people and will further the national security interests of the United States in the region.
FANS at Qatar's World Cup qualifier against Hong Kong in Doha on Thursday were given free tickets to attend the match, AFP has learned.
Free entry was given to workers, schoolchildren and their families to help boost the attendance to 10,170, the largest crowd for any of Qatar's four home qualification matches so far.
Many fans were also given free scarfs and Qatar flags.
Among those given free entry and who spoke to AFP were a group of 25 Nepalese workers, who said they were given the tickets for free by their employers.
Another fan who gave his name as Rayhan, was at the match with his family after his son was given free tickets by his school.
It was the first football game he had ever attended, admitted Rayhan. However he left with his family at halftime.
“To be honest, I much prefer cricket,” he said. “I don't think it is a good match, I don't understand Hong Kong's game plan.” Hong Kong needed to win to stay in the competition but lost 2-0.
Qatar, who will host the World Cup in 2022, had already qualified for the next round to determine which teams from Asia will go to the Russian World Cup finals in 2018.
Another fan, who refused to give his name, had also seen enough by halftime. “We were given free tickets by my son's school. It is not my first game.”
Qatar has consistently been accused of a lack of footballing pedigree since being awarded the World Cup, a charge which the country's football authorities deny, claiming there is a deep passion for the game among Qataris.
There have also been accusations that foreign labourers have been paid to attend domestic league matches.
Qatar also flew in fans from Spain last year to support the home side during the world handball championships.
New York City Housing Authority announced Thursday that it will reduce greenhouse emissions from its buildings by at least 30 percent over the next 10 years, DNAinfo reports.
That's no small goal. NYCHA manages nearly 178,000 apartments across 2,547 buildings and throughout 328 developments. All told, its stock represents just over 8 percent of citywide rentals and houses more than 400,000 residents.
“As the nation's largest housing authority and residential landlord, we can have a major impact on curbing the effects of climate change, which affects us all,” NYCHA Chair and CEO Shola Olatoye said in a statement.
The cuts are part of the city's carbon challenge effort, a program started during Mayor Michael Bloomberg's administration in 2007 that continues under Mayor Bill de Blasio. The de Blasio administration has set the goal of making citywide greenhouse gas emissions 80 percent below 2005 levels by 2050. Universities, hospitals, hotels and others have signed on.
The public housing agency has a capital repair deficit of nearly $17 billion, DNAinfo reports, but officials are still optimistic about a number of retrofits, including more efficient heating and lighting systems. In January, NYCHA released design guidelines for rehabbing its buildings that cover these sustainability efforts as well as improving quality of life for residents. At the time, Deborah Goddard, NYCHA's executive vice president of capital projects, said, “This is an effort to say we need to up the investment. We need to get the housing authority on strong financial and operational footing. We need to bring the authority's operation and designs into the current state of best practices, and we need to make sure we're providing housing for our residents and communities for our residents that are safe, that are healthy.”
One uncertainty: Federal shake-up. The appointment of Ben Carson to HUD secretary has inspired definite unease among some urban housing professionals.
But according to DNAinfo, at least one NYCHA official is hopeful about the new administration's support of its energy-efficiency program, citing cost effectiveness and long-term savings.
In a statement about the emissions goal, NYC Council Member Donovan Richards said, “As we begin to endure a new direction for our country, it is more important than ever that we continue to fight back against climate change on the local level and thankfully, NYCHA is up for the challenge.”
Finnish symphonic metal masters Nightwish have been working on a film to complement their 'Imaginaerum' album, which was released to critical acclaim. Along with a new trailer for the movie, Nightwish have just announced that they will be creating Imaginaerum wine to bring the experience to a completely new sense.
Even with the recent departure of singer Anette Olzon , the direction of Nightwish's 'Imaginaerum' projects has gone unhindered. "We are proud to present a new Nightwish item, Imaginaerum wine ," begins keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen. "Imaginaerum is the most imaginative wine on the planet. It's inspired by otherworldly splendours, moments of wonderment and the joyous sound of laughter with a hint of campfire poetry, music of the spheres, and the long, smooth, star-filled finish of Lucid Dreams. It is a wine best enjoyed with the ones you hold dear. Cheers and enjoy!"
Winemaking is no easy business, and it would be easy to simply bottle some sort of rushed and half-assed product, but Nightwish have taken the task very seriously. The grapes used for the wine were up to 100 years old and gave off super intensive aromas before spending 14 months in small barrels made of French oak.
As for the newest 'Imaginaerum' movie trailer, the finished promo looks absolutely phenomenal, delivering some incredibly eye-gasmic cinematography. "Basically [the film is] about this old guy who used to be a composer and he's really sick," Holopainen told us in an exclusive interview . "He's lying on his death bed in a hospital and he's going through his life, through his dreams -- that's the basic story line. It's all about praising life and life's beauty, imagination and all the strife and the bad stuff we have to face."
The first bottling of Imaginaerum wine is set to take place this week, and the 'Imaginaerum' film is set to be released in Finland on Nov. 23.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama on why he has asked Joe Biden to lead the response
US President Barack Obama has called for "concrete proposals" on gun control by the end of January, saying "words need to lead to action".
In remarks at the White House, Mr Obama said Vice-President Joe Biden would lead an exploration of options after a mass school shooting in Connecticut.
There have been calls for gun law reform after 26 children and teachers died at Sandy Hook School in Newtown.
The president said a "majority of Americans" back changes to some laws.
Those include the renewal of an assault weapons ban, limits on high-capacity ammunition magazines and an end to loopholes allowing gun purchases with no background checks, Mr Obama said.
School stays shut
Funerals were held for more victims of the shooting, including teacher Victoria Soto and three students: Daniel Barden, seven, Caroline Previdi, six, and Charlotte Bacon, six.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Some gun shops in the US have seen a rise in sales as people try to beat any new laws
A wake was held for Dawn Hochsprung, the school's principal, who is reported to have rushed towards the gunman with the school psychologist Mary Sherlach before they were both killed.
The rest of Newtown's students returned to classes on Tuesday, as grief counsellors and police were posted to schools.
But for pupils at Sandy Hook School, classes will resume on 2 January at Chalk Hill School in the nearby town of Monroe.
Mrs Robinson said pupils and parents would be invited to visit the new facility later this week.
NRA response
Meanwhile, Mr Obama urged Congress to hold votes on gun control measures when it reconvenes in the new year.
"If there is even one thing that we can do to prevent any of these events, we have a deep obligation - all of us - to try," he said.
"The fact that we can't prevent every act of violence doesn't mean we can't steadily reduce the violence."
The assault weapons ban lapsed under President George W Bush in 2004.
US gun control timeline June 1968: The assassination of Senator Robert Kennedy prompts calls for federal gun control measures
The assassination of Senator Robert Kennedy prompts calls for federal gun control measures October 1968: Gun Control Act bans the sale of firearms to certain groups, including convicted felons and minors
Gun Control Act bans the sale of firearms to certain groups, including convicted felons and minors March 1981: Attempted assassination of President Ronald Reagan: Spokesman Jim Brady is shot in the head and paralysed for life
Attempted assassination of President Ronald Reagan: Spokesman Jim Brady is shot in the head and paralysed for life 1993: The Brady Bill requires background checks of anyone seeking to buy a firearm from a licensed dealer but exempts private sales - the so-called "gun show loophole"
The Brady Bill requires background checks of anyone seeking to buy a firearm from a licensed dealer but exempts private sales - the so-called "gun show loophole" 1994: Federal assault weapons ban is passed; critics say the ban was rife with loopholes and easily evaded
Federal assault weapons ban is passed; critics say the ban was rife with loopholes and easily evaded 2004: Assault weapons ban expires; congress shows little interest in renewing it
Assault weapons ban expires; congress shows little interest in renewing it 2008: In District of Columbia v Heller ruling, the US Supreme Court finds the second amendment to the US constitution protects an individual's right to own guns for the purposes of self-defence
In District of Columbia v Heller ruling, the US Supreme Court finds the second amendment to the US constitution protects an individual's right to own guns for the purposes of self-defence 2010: In McDonald v City of Chicago, the US Supreme Court holds the second amendment applies to states, potentially weakening state gun control laws Statistics: Guns in the US Can Newtown change the gun debate? In pictures: Newtown grieves
Mr Obama has previously stated his support for a reintroduction without backing a specific move to do so before now.
Mr Biden has decades of experience as a senator and analysts say that experience could be essential to getting any changes through Congress, which has been lobbied extensively on the issue by the National Rifle Association (NRA).
The vice-president's team will include members of the Obama administration as well as representatives of outside groups.
In its first statement since the shootings, the NRA said it was "heartbroken" by the attack and would offer "meaningful contributions" to help prevent future tragedies.
There is no indication whether the NRA will join the Biden-led process.
Gun sales, including those of assault rifles, have risen since Friday, a sign that enthusiasts fear that new legislation is coming, the BBC's Paul Adams in Washington reports.
At the same time, share prices of several gun manufacturers have fallen and a private equity firm has sold its stake in the company that makes the assault rifle used at Newtown.
Some anti-gun control congressmen and senators have indicated they are prepared to consider changes to the current legislation.
Jack Kingston, a Republican congressman from Georgia who is backed by the NRA, has on Wednesday joined the ranks of lawmakers who say they would consider gun control as part of a broader effort to reduce violence.
Pro-gun Democratic senators Joe Manchin and Mark Warner have also signalled that they are reconsidering their positions.
But some House Republicans, who hold a majority in the House of Representatives have suggested that action on gun legislation was premature and that they were focused on the tragedy.
California Senator Dianne Feinstein, a well-known supporter of gun control, said on Sunday she would introduce assault weapons ban legislation when the new Congress met for the first time in January.
The IPCC had told us that the Himalayan glaciers would be gone by 2035.
The notorious verbal Marxist guerilla group later admitted that the figure 2035 was created by permuting digits in the figure 2350 which was casually mentioned in an interview with a random mediocre alarmist as the earliest moment when the bulk of the glaciers in the Himalayas could be melted.
However, the reality could be and probably is even less alarming than the least alarmist proclamations by any alarmist you can find on this planet.
Some MSM sources failed to hide a new paper that reconstructed the ice volume in the Himalayas between 1999 and 2008 and found a slight increase of ice which was actually quite rapid near K2, the world's mountaineers' greatest challenge and the second highest peak on Earth depicted on the image above. These particular advancing glaciers also lowered the global sea level, although just by 0.01 mm per year.
A few titles that introduced the story in recent 24 hours:
Most importantly, I should offer you the link to the actual paper in Nature Geoscience:I don't want to talk about it much – it's just some measurement of some quantity at a random place of the globe that is interesting mostly because of its unusually high elevation. The headlines are funny: the glaciers are "renegades" who should probably be burned at stake together with other "denialists" in order to speed up our struggle against global warming, whatever it is supposed to mean in a world fighting global warming in which even glaciers may become "renegades".But I still want to say one more serious thing: the surprise that one can find big glaciers that are advancing in a decade is just stupid. The people who are familiar with the basic data concerning the trends know that thirty percent of weather stations have recorded a cooling trend (via linear regression) in their whole history which is 80 years long in average.So the "warming" isn't global. As all people who haven't been brainwashed by lies about "climate change" know very well, we only observe a slight asymmetry between the places that have warmed in the last 80 years and places that have cooled during the last 80 years. Most of the temperature changes are just noise. The very weak signal can only be extracted if we average over a long period of time and a large number of station. If any of these two conditions fails to be met, we observe noise again.During the 80 years, the percentage of stations with a negative slope is thirty percent. It's natural to expect that the same will be true for the proportion of world's glaciers that were advancing in the last 80 years or so. If we only look at trends in a decade, the trends may be much more affected by the short-term noise and the percentage of advancing glaciers may be even closer to 50% i.e. to the percentage of the retreating glaciers.There are still many people – I would say that even many self-described skeptics – who really believe that there is a meaningful trend with a monotonic sign that may be attributed to every year and every place of the globe. However, this ain't the case. Only a single figure per globe and per 100-year-like history is able to show something that could be called a signal.Those people effectively confuse the two quantifiers. What is probably true about "global warming" is that if we average the temperature over the whole globe and check the graph of this global mean temperature over the last century, we get a positive trend that may be distinguished from the noise, although only at a 3-4 sigma level (the trend is 0.7 ± 0.2 °C). So the "warming" is "global" in the sense that we only need to talk about the global average to actually see some signal.However, some people misinterpret the term "global warming" by saying or thinking that every place of the globe has actually experienced the positive temperature in the last 100 years which ain't the case. Needless to say, the confusion between "the average global temperature was increasing" (probably true) and "the temperature was increasing everywhere i.e. globally" (definitely false) is the kind of elementary ignorance spread in between the laymen that the global warming alarmists nurture as much as they can.I have already said it but if the alarmists were honest, they would rename the term "global warming" as "slight detectable asymmetry in the percentage of places that have displayed a warming vs cooling trend that may only be seen if one looks at timescales comparable to a century and averages regions of globe whose size is comparable to the whole Earth but that disappears if either of the conditions isn't met".In the same way, "anthropogenic global warming" should be renamed as a "hypothetical contribution of the mankind's activity to the slight detectable asymmetry in the percentage of places that have displayed a warming vs cooling trend that may only be seen if one looks at timescales comparable to a century and averages regions of globe whose size is comparable to the whole Earth but that disappears if either of the conditions isn't met."The Reference Frame urges all journalists to correct the most flagrant type of demagogy included in the amazingly oversimplified slogan "global warming" and replace the two words by the still oversimplified but acceptable sequence of words described in the last two paragraphs. It's plausible that the number of people who are able at least to memorize my sequence is low but that's how it should be. The people who can't understand and reproduce these words shouldn't talk about the climate because they know nothing about it and the climate change contains nothing interesting that would be of interest for them.And that's the memo.Jeffrey Epstein, a billionaire who instantly paid $100,000 to string theorists in India after this group was evaluated as the best environment for a scientific investment (in insights per dollar) in a discussion between Larry Summers and Andy Strominger during a Society of Fellows dinner I attended and who was celebrated by TRF has screwed everything.Market Watch has revealed that he has paid for a Universal Doomsday Conference . It's clear why he wants to promote the idea that there may be a doomsday right behind the corner: such a prediction may lead to the "enjoy the last moments of your life" thinking which may legitimize his paid sex with young girls.Epstein was instantly redirected from a TRF white list to a TRF black list. ;-)Participants included a Lawrence Krauss, a "Shwoit-Shmolin Lite" or "Physics of Star Trek-specialized" bullshitter about science who doesn't hesitate to promote the most pornographic parts of the pop science dumping ground so he has covered the climate change doomsday, too. For the sake of the clean environment, I urge Mr Krauss to eat and recycle his verbal feces he is routinely using to cover rooms across the globe.
Story highlights The Olympic Games has a history of sports that featured only briefly in the program
Rope climbing was at the original 1896 Modern Games but last appeared in 1932
Club swinging was the precursor to rhythmic gymnastic events such as ribbons
La Canne was like fencing but competitors used wooden canes instead of sabers
Basketball, track and swimming have been staples at the Olympics for decades, drawing thousands of spectators. But solo synchronized swimming or live pigeon shooting?
They are among the strangest events that have, at one time or another, taken place at the Games.
Here are the 10 oddest sports that have graced the modern Olympics -- some will feature at London 2012 over the coming weeks, some thankfully will not...
SOLO SYNCHRONIZED SWIMMING
Oxymoron alert! Yes, this sport features one female swimmer synchronizing with herself. The sport made its debut in the Los Angeles Games in 1984, with U.S. swimmer Tracie Ruiz winning the gold medal.
Similar to the group event, a swimmer performs a kind of water ballet. A lonely water ballet.
JUST WATCHED Quidditch as an Olympic sport? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Quidditch as an Olympic sport? 01:46
JUST WATCHED Shin-kicking: First to break a leg loses Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Shin-kicking: First to break a leg loses 03:39
JUST WATCHED The 400th Cotswold Olimpicks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The 400th Cotswold Olimpicks 03:24
Despite the seemingly misleading title, organizers of the sport say the swimmer is actually in sync with the music.
Will we see this sport in London?
No. But there will be the team synchronized swimming events that most people are familiar with. The solo event was discontinued after 1992.
CLUB SWINGING
Club Swinging debuted in 1904. The athlete stands erect, holding clubs that resemble bowling pins in each hand. He then twirls and whirls them around. The more complicated the routine, the more points he wins.
Historians say the sport was the precursor to rhythmic gymnastic events that use ribbons and hoops.
Will we see this sport in London?
No. Sadly. Club Swinging was only in the Olympics twice, ending in 1932.
TUG-OF-WAR
Once a very competitive Olympic sport, tug of war employs teams that struggle and strain to pull a rope past a certain point. Great Britain actually won the most medals in this event, historians say.
Will we see this sport in London?
Nope. Tug-of-war was an Olympic event until 1920, and was then relegated to the church picnic circuit.
LIVE PIGEON SHOOTING
The 1900 Olympics in Paris had the great distinction of being the first Games where women competed. It also wore the ignoble badge for this sport, where athletes aimed to bring down as many pigeons as possible.
JUST WATCHED Beckham surprises fans at photo booth Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Beckham surprises fans at photo booth 02:14
JUST WATCHED Andy Murray carries the Olympic torch Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Andy Murray carries the Olympic torch 00:39
JUST WATCHED Venus Williams excited by London 2012 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Venus Williams excited by London 2012 00:39
Nearly 300 birds were slain, historians say, leaving a bloody, feathery mess. The winner shot down 21 pigeons.
Will we see this sport in London?
Yes. Just kidding. Come on now. The 1900 Games in Paris was the only time pigeon killing was featured in the Olympics.
SWIMMING OBSTACLE COURSE
As strange as this sport may seem, the obstacles swimmers had to overcome are even more unusual. In the 1900 Games in Paris, swimmers crawled over boats, swam under them and climbed a pole -- all the while swimming 200 meters in the Seine.
Will we see this sport in London?
No. The boats on the Thames are safe.
ROLLER HOCKEY
Maybe if this was the 1970s and there was a disco ball, this sport would have taken off. Roller Hockey debuted at the 1992 Barcelona Games. The game follows the rules of ice hockey, but with roller skates. Argentina took the gold.
Will we see this sport in London?
No. The Barcelona Games was the only time Roller Hockey was in the Olympics.
LA CANNE
Ok, think fencing. Now take away the saber and replace it with a cane. You know, the walking stick type of thing? Voila, now you have the French martial art La Canne, that debuted at the 1924 Olympics.
JUST WATCHED Olympian battles Crohn's disease Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Olympian battles Crohn's disease 02:36
JUST WATCHED Inside athletes' village during Games Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Inside athletes' village during Games 02:00
JUST WATCHED English doctor who inspired the Olympics Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH English doctor who inspired the Olympics 04:44
Will we see this sport in London?
No, but you can watch the fencing events and image how much more awesome it would be with wooden canes.
ROPE CLIMBING
Yes, the activity that made you feel like a weakling in your physical education class debuted as an Olympic sport in 1896. Just like in your gym class, climbers are timed to see how quickly they can shimmy up a braided rope.
But unlike your classmates, these athletes didn't run out of steam before reaching the top.
Will we see this sport in London?
No. After 1932, the Olympics thankfully left rope climbing behind. Kind of like you did after high school.
TRAMPOLINE
Despite seeming like an activity you did in your backyard when you were 10, trampoline debuted as an Olympic sport in 2000.
Gymnasts take to the trampoline, somersaulting and flipping as stern-faced judges keep score.
"Precise technique and perfect body control are vital for success, with judges delivering marks for difficulty, execution and time of flight, minus penalties," Olympic officials say.
Will we see this sport in London?
Yes. Both men and women trampolinists (yes, that is a word) will compete in London.
RACE WALKING
In this sport, competitors try to outrace one another -- without actually running. Huh? Even though the premise seems a little goofy, race walking has actually been an Olympic sport since 1904.
To ensure that athletes do not run, race walkers must have one foot on the ground at all times or risk disqualification. The result? A distinctive sashay that elicits many a giggle.
Will we see this sport in London?
Yes. Men will compete in 20-kilometer and 50-kilometer races; women in 20 kilometers. Ready, set, sashay!
César winning French actor Omar Sy, who's bulked up his Hollywood resumé since his star turn in French mega-hit The Intouchables, has added another high-profile title to the list. Sy is joining the cast of Universal franchise reboot Jurassic World. He tweeted this morning, both in French and in English, that he was a “fan of this saga from the beginning” and is “very proud to be part of the cast for Jurassic World.” The 3D pic is helmed by Colin Trevorrow, who also tweeted (in French) that he was “very happy to welcome” the actor. Sy's French agent confirmed the casting, although details of his role have yet to be divulged. Jurassic World stars Chris Pratt, Bryce Dallas Howard, Vincent D'Onofrio, Jake Johnson and Irrfan Khan. Trevorrow wrote the screenplay with Derek Connolly. Steven Spielberg, Frank Marshall and Pat Crowley are producing. It's set for release on June 12, 2015. Sy is next up in X Men: Days Of Future Past and is lined up for Stephen Gaghan's Candy Store. He'll be seen in the fall in Intouchables directors Eric Toledano and Olivier Nakache's French-language Samba which Gaumont releases locally on October 22. Sy is repped by Agence Adequat in France and by CAA.
In 2007, a consortium of international private-equity firms engineered the largest leveraged buyout in history. Goldman Sachs, KKR & Co., TPG Capital, Lehman Brothers, and others paid more than eight billion dollars in cash, and incurred another thirty-six billion dollars in debt, to purchase TXU Corp., an electric-utility company that provided power to a quarter of Texas residents. They renamed the company Energy Future Holdings. Much like the home buyers who believed, in 2007, that house prices would continue to rise indefinitely, the private-equity firms assumed that the price of electricity, Energy Future's main product, would keep increasing. But, a year later, the price of natural gas began to fall. The financial crisis had sapped demand, but, more important, thousands of new wells were being tapped using a new method of hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, a mining technology that uses liquid injected at high pressure to break apart rocks and extract gas and oil. The new approach created a glut in the natural-gas market, driving down energy prices.
By the middle of 2009, gas prices had dropped to a quarter of the peak level they had reached a year earlier. Energy Future's profits plummeted and haven't recovered, leaving the company unable to repay its billions of dollars in debt. Berkshire Hathaway, which had bought some of the debt, sold its investment in the company last year, at a loss of eight hundred and seventy-three million dollars. At the time, Warren Buffett, Berkshire's C.E.O., wrote to the company's shareholders, “Most of you have never heard of Energy Future Holdings. Consider yourselves lucky; I certainly wish I hadn't.” On Wednesday, with loan-repayment deadlines looming, Energy Future filed for Chapter 11 protection in Wilmington, Delaware, hoping to erase about forty billion dollars in debt.
Energy Future remains one of the largest power companies in the United States; the company owns power plants, lines that distribute electricity in Texas, and a commercial energy retailer that sells power directly to consumers. It will continue to power Texas homes during its restructuring. Since 2012, the company's lawyers have been negotiating a settlement with most of its creditors, and they downplayed the impact of the bankruptcy itself, telling the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington on Thursday morning that its businesses are expected to emerge from the restructuring in about a year.
Still, the collapse has been remarkable to watch, not least because it represents such a big downfall for the private-equity firms involved in the 2007 buyout. The deal came five years after Texas deregulated its power market, for the first time opening the retail electricity business to private competition. Before deregulation, TXU had been the largest provider of electricity in the state, with a monopoly in North Texas. After deregulation, TXU faced competition, but the company still owned the infrastructure for delivering energy to consumers. (An entity called the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, or ERCOT, manages the deregulated market.) No matter who Texans paid for their electricity, TXU earned a cut by sending the current through its power lines.
As a steady source of cash, newly deregulated utilities were an attractive target for Wall Street buyers. TXU and its suitors spent seventeen million dollars lobbying local lawmakers and regulators to smooth the deal, according to filings with the Texas Ethics Commission. When Texas state legislators arrived at the capitol on opening day in 2007, they were greeted with a welcome-back gift of twenty-four hundred breakfast tacos, compliments of TXU. Two months later, the deal closed. At the time, natural gas cost about six dollars per million British Thermal Units (B.T.U.s), a standard energy measurement. Within a year, the price had increased to more than thirteen dollars per B.T.U., and the deal was looking like a smart play for the private-equity companies.
Then the energy revolution happened. Fracking had been used for decades, but in the late nineties, after years of experimenting with variants of the process, a Texas wildcatter named George Mitchell discovered that a combination of sand and water (known as “high-volume slick water hydrofracturing”) was cheaper and more effective than previous methods, which relied on other, heavier fluids. At the time of the Energy Future buyout, this process was just beginning to be exploited. Devon Energy, an Oklahoma oil-and-gas producer that had bought Mitchell's company in 2002, had found that it could extract even more gas from each well by pairing his method with horizontal drilling. Other companies began copying the combined technique, setting off a natural-gas boom in 2008. By early 2012, the price of natural gas had fallen to less than two dollars per B.T.U.
“It's not a surprise that our fracking technology has helped turn American gas markets upside down,” Mitchell told the Economist that year. “We were confident in its upside potential. What's surprising is how quickly it's happening.” U.S. oil production, after declining for about twenty-five years, rose forty-seven per cent between 2008 and 2013, according to Bloomberg. Shale-gas extraction, which represented one per cent of U.S. natural-gas supplies in 2000, made up thirty per cent of the total last year.
The boom has also reshaped the landscape in the regions where shale is found. While Energy Future's investors have lost billions of dollars, startup fracking operations—and the engineers, landowners, truckers, and oil-field workers who sustain them—are growing rich. The Eagle Ford Shale region, in the scrub country of South Texas, has become a patchwork of thousands of drilling pad sites, the night sky illuminated by the blue and yellow flames of gas flares. The Permian Basin shale region, encompassing Odessa and Midland in West Texas, is experiencing some of the highest G.D.P. growth in the country, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce. “You can't get a hotel in Odessa for less than three hundred dollars,” ERCOT's general counsel, Bill Magness, said. “And we're not talking Four Seasons.”
Photograph: Allison V. Smith/Redux
Camelot Aged Bronze Sense Smart Door Lock with Right Handed Accent Lever Door Handleset is rated 4.5 out of 5 by 312 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by CajunDad from I bought the entire package. It was easy to install and only required one use of the drill. The... I bought the entire package. It was easy to install and only required one use of the drill. The lower handle attachment required the use of the drill. The old lock and handset did not have the same attachment process. Everything else was easy to install. You could do the whole thing in 10-20 mins. It took me longer since I had a painted door and the previous lock was slightly offset from this lock set, so a little painting was needed. So far the lock has worked well. The keypad is easy to use. The lock seems very sturdy and we will see how it holds up to the elements.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Donald from Easy to install the hardware, a little more complicated on... Easy to install the hardware, a little more complicated on the software. Struggled to get the systems paired, but with repeated attempts and some triggering from my routers, I finally got everything sinked. Working through any additional feature issues with customer service. System is basically, as advertised so no complaints once up and running.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Robert from Schlage is the best!! Replacing all the entry doors on... Schlage is the best!! Replacing all the entry doors on our house and the Schlage Sense is very easy to install and program to operate with Amazon Echo(Alexa). My wife and I installed it and got it up and running in about an hour. Now we can lock/unlock from anywhere. Great value and it was on sale!!
Rated 3 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from The lock per se is good. Don't expect it to... The lock per se is good. Don't expect it to be controlled remotely by an IPhone ( which the”sense” is made for). I have a smart thermostat Ecobee which I did not have any problem pairing with my iPhone. Their software department should be fired. You will see a lot of complaints about this issue.
Rated 5 out of 5 by RickM from This is my second purchase of this lock set. Easy... This is my second purchase of this lock set. Easy to install if you have installed door handles before. This was an installation into an existing door. No drilling except for one 3/8 in hole through door. Works great but need to purchase separate hub if you plan on using app.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Chais from I have been looking for a WiFi controlled nice looking... I have been looking for a WiFi controlled nice looking dead bolt and handle. I got a deal of the day for $215.00 plus $56 WiFi adaptor. Best quality and price. Yea app controls has some updates to perform smoother sometimes, but above all does the exact thing i wanted.
Rated 4 out of 5 by MaHunstig from Easy to install, helped w/ adjust for Older knob setup.... Easy to install, helped w/ adjust for Older knob setup. Unable to pair w/ Alexia, Schlage WiFi adapter....Really wanted that aspect tho...I'm not IT clueless, just frustrated and have checked Videos for help...Install to Connect in couple days, hope that will connect!
Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D), who is weighing a 2016 presidential bid, spent part of his Memorial Day doubling as a street musician in downtown Annapolis.
As captured by photos on Twitter, O'Malley played a six-string banjo at City Dock on Monday night, wearing a Baltimore Ravens T-shirt, cargo shorts and flip-flops. He appeared to accept tips in his open banjo case.
Aides confirmed the authenticity of the photos — including one captured by Eye on Annapolis — but offered nothing on the record as to what possessed the governor to play.
O'Malley has been the frontman of a Celtic rock band since his days as a city council member in Baltimore in the 1990s. His band, O'Malley's March, still plays several concerts a year, though it curtailed its schedule considerably after O'Malley started running for governor in 2006. His advisers were concerned at the time that the band detracted from O'Malley's gravitas.
In the band, O'Malley sings and plays acoustic guitar — and occasionally banjo.
One of the band's more notable gigs took place two years ago as part of an extended St. Patrick's Day celebration in the East Room of the White House.
Brad Friedman Byon 5/7/2012, 6:40pm PT
Last week, The BRAD BLOG's legal analyst Ernest Canning reported on the lawsuit filed by the League of Women Voters, the NAACP and the ACLU in Pennsylvania, together with the Homeless Advocacy Project and the Advancement Project, against the state Republicans' new polling place Photo ID restriction passed into law in March.
The law, unless it's blocked, is set to make it much harder, if not impossible for many previously-legal student, elderly, minority and urban dwelling voters to cast their vote this November.
Canning predicts, however, that, like a similar GOP law in Wisconsin this year, and one in Missouri back in 2006, the new attempt to remove voting rights will be found in violation of the fundamental right to vote guaranteed under Pennsylvania's state Constitution. We'll see if he's correct.
In the meantime, the lawsuit, Applewhite vs Commonwealth of Pennsylvania [PDF] names 11 plaintiffs, the majority of whom have tried to get a birth certificate in order to then obtain their so-called "free" ID to vote from the state under the new law --- only to be told there is no record of their births. Several of those plaintiffs, not surprisingly, were born in the Jim Crow south and are now facing the forces of disenfranchisement again under the GOP law this year even up in the Keystone State in 2012.
We interviewed one of the plaintiffs in the case recently, 90-year old Joyce Block, on our KPFK/Pacifica Radio show. That interview is here.
Last week, MSNBC's Al Sharpton interviewed the lead plaintiff in the complaint, 92-year old Viviette Applewhite who marched for civil rights alongside Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in Georgia, and who has been voting in Presidential elections without a problem for more than 50 years. She has never had a driver's license and, though she says she paid a fee for a birth certificate from the state, she has never received it.
Despite the fact that state officials have been unable to produce evidence of in-person, polling place impersonation --- the only type of voter fraud that could possibly be deterred by polling place Photo ID laws --- Republicans seem more than happy to disenfranchise long-time voters like Applewhite and potentially tens of thousands of others this year.
Applewhite says she believes it's all little more than an effort to stop President Obama from being re-elected, and she fears there are far more people than many realize who will be disenfranchised this year unless the law is overturned.
"Looks like most of the people in my building, they're senior citizens, but they don't have the proper thing to vote with," she says near the end of the interview, "and it's going to be a whole lotta people that's not going to be able to vote"...
Judith Browne Dianis, civil rights litigator at the Advancement Project also appears in the interview above and correctly notes: "This is not about preventing fraud, it's about preventing voting."
She is supported in that contention, ironically enough, by PA's Republican Governor Tom Corbett, seen in a clip above exhorting his supporters to help him keep turnout below 50% during his recent election. Moreever, just after Corbett signed the GOP's voter suppression bill in March, he lied to the media by claiming that it was needed since Pennsylvanians had seen 112% voter turnout in some precincts. Longtime election watchdog Marybeth Kuznick of VotePA, however, told us the Governor's claim was "ludicrous."
For more on the plaintiffs in the PA complaint who are facing disenfranchisement for the first time in their lives --- folks like 59-year old Wilola Shinholster Lee, 72-year old Grover Freeland, 86-year old Dorothy Barksdale and 93-year old Bea Booker --- and why Ernie Canning predicts the new legal challenge will be successful in the Keystone State, see his report from last week right here.
* * *
Please support The BRAD BLOG's fiercely independent, award-winning coverage of your electoral system, as available from no other media outlet in the nation, with a donation to help us keep going (Snail mail, more options here). If you like, we'll send you some great, award-winning election integrity documentary films in return! Details right here...
Danish research is behind a new epoch-making discovery, which may prove decisive to future brain research. The level of salts in the brain plays a critical role in whether we are asleep or awake. This discovery may be of great importance to research on psychiatric diseases such as schizophrenia and convulsive fits from lack of sleep as well as post-anaesthetization confusion, according to Professor Maiken Nedergaard.
Salts in our brain decide whether we are asleep or awake. For the first time, researchers have shown that the level of salts in our body and brain differ depending on whether we are asleep or awake. A new study from the University of Copenhagen reveals that by influencing the level of salts, it is possible to control a mouse's sleep-wake cycle. The research has just been published in the scientific journal, SCIENCE.
“These salts play a much larger and much more decisive role than hitherto imagined. The discovery reveals a completely new layer of understanding of how the brain functions. First and foremost, we learn more about how sleep is controlled. It may, however, also open up for a better future understanding of why some people suffer convulsive fits when staying awake all through the night,” says Professor Maiken Nedergaard from the Center for Basic and Translational Neuroscience at the University of Copenhagen.
Nature's simplicity deceives brain research
The researchers have used mice to test whether injecting salt into the brain enables control of the mouse's sleep-wake cycle — independently of the so-called neuromodulators. Neuromodulators are compounds such as for example, adrenalin, which plays a decisive role in our waking up every morning. The study shows that adrenalin and other neuromodulators change the level of salts surrounding the neurons and that the salt balance then decides whether the neurons are sensitive to stimulation in the shape of a touch. When we are awake, the salt balance makes neurons highly sensitive to stimulation, as opposed to the salt balance in the brain during sleep, where the level of salts makes it harder to activate the neurons.
“It's much simpler than previously believed in brain research. The research conducted used to focus only on the brain's neural activity as a means of mapping and analysing complicated processes such as being asleep or awake. Our study shows that the brain uses something as simple as changing the level of salts to control whether we are asleep or awake. This discovery reveals that studying only neurons in order to understand brain activity is not enough. We must include all the supportive cells, especially the so-called astrocytes, which regulate the level of salts in the brain. The brain is more than a group of neurons that function like a computer. The fact that the brain needs 7-8 hours of sleep to function well on a daily basis reveals that there's much more we need to understand, aside from neurocomputation,” Professor Maiken Nedergaard concludes.
About this neuroscience research
Source: Maiken Nedergaard – University of Copenhagen
Image Credit: The image is adapted from the University of Copenhagen press release.
Original Research: Abstract for “Changes in the composition of brain interstitial ions control the sleep-wake cycle” by Fengfei Ding, John O'Donnell, Qiwu Xu, Ning Kang, Nanna Goldman, and Maiken Nedergaard in Science. Published online April 29 2016 doi:10.1126/science.aad4821
Abstract
Changes in the composition of brain interstitial ions control the sleep-wake cycle
Wakefulness is driven by the widespread release of neuromodulators by the ascending arousal system. Yet, it is unclear how these substances orchestrate state-dependent, global changes in neuronal activity. Here, we show that neuromodulators induce increases in the extracellular K+ concentration ([K+]e) in cortical slices electrically silenced by tetrodotoxin. In vivo, arousal was linked to AMPA receptor–independent elevations of [K+]e concomitant with decreases in [Ca2+]e, [Mg2+]e, [H+]e, and the extracellular volume. Opposite, natural sleep and anesthesia reduced [K+]e while increasing [Ca2+]e, [Mg2+]e, and [H+]e as well as the extracellular volume. Local cortical activity of sleeping mice could be readily converted to the stereotypical electroencephalography pattern of wakefulness by simply imposing a change in the extracellular ion composition. Thus, extracellular ions control the state-dependent patterns of neural activity.
“Changes in the composition of brain interstitial ions control the sleep-wake cycle” by Fengfei Ding, John O'Donnell, Qiwu Xu, Ning Kang, Nanna Goldman, and Maiken Nedergaard in Science. Published online April 29 2016 doi:10.1126/science.aad4821
Feel free to share this neuroscience news.
Improving performance in Python 2.7
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN.net. If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it, your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive. Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net.
Backporting a major performance improvement from Python 3 to Python 2 might seem to be in the "no-brainer" category, but things are not quite that simple. Python 2 (in the form of Python 2.7.x) is in a "no new features" mode that would normally preclude large changes, but 2.7 will be around for a lot longer than was previously envisioned. That makes the core development team more willing to consider this kind of patch, especially since it seems to come with a promise of more contributions. As with any topic that touches on the 2 vs. 3 question, though, it led to a long discussion and some dissent.
Vamsi Parasa of the Server Scripting Languages Optimization team at Intel posted a patch to change the switch statement that executes Python bytecode in the CPython interpreter to use computed goto s instead. GCC has support for the feature, which has already been used as an optimization in Python 3. As Eli Bendersky explained in a 2012 blog post, the enormous (2000+ line) switch statement for interpreting Python bytecodes can be made 15-20% faster by changing it to use computed goto s. There are two reasons for that: computed goto s avoid a bounds check that is required by the C99 standard for switch and, perhaps more significantly, the CPU can do better branch prediction, which reduces expensive pipeline flushes.
Several core developers spoke up in favor of the patch, but Berker Peksağ was not so sure. He complained that "performance improvements are not bug fixes" and that it would be better to spend time making Python 3 better. But there is more to this patch than meets the eye, Nick Coghlan explained:
Internal performance improvements, by contrast, don't hurt end users at all beyond the stability risks, and in this case, the request to make the change is being accompanied by the offer to assist with ongoing maintenance (including engaging an experienced core developer to help coach Intel contributors through the contribution process). So when folks ask "What changed?" in relation to this request, what changed is the fact that it isn't expected to be a one off contribution, but rather part of a broader effort focused on improving the performance of both Python 2 and Python 3, including contributions to ongoing maintenance activities.
As was noted in an email exchange tacked onto Parasa's post, Intel has hired Python core developer David Murray's company to help out navigating the Python development process with contributions it wants to make. But those contributions "came with one string attached: that the Python 2.7 branch be opened up for performance improvements in addition to bug fixes", Coghlan said. Because the proposal is "backed by a credible offer of ongoing contributions to CPython maintenance and support", that makes it different than other performance enhancements (or features) offered up for Python 2.7 along the way, he continued.
But accepting the offer does signal something of a shift in the way Python 2.7 will be maintained going forward. Encouraging more developers who are being paid to do the "boring" parts of Python maintenance (bug fixes and performance enhancements for 2.7, mostly) will allow volunteers to concentrate on the more interesting bits. Coghlan again:
Giving the nod to an increased corporate developer presence in Python 2 maintenance should eventually let volunteers stop worrying about even Python 2.7 bug fix changes with a clear conscience, confident that as volunteer efforts drop away redistributors and other folks with an institutional interest will pick up the slack with paid development time. "Do the fun stuff for free, figure out a way to get paid for the boring-but-necessary stuff (or leave those tasks to someone else that's getting paid to handle them)" is a good sustainable approach to open source development, while trying to do it *all* for free is a fast path to burnout.
Python's benevolent dictator for life (BDFL) Guido van Rossum was "strongly in favor" of the patch noting that it could save companies like his employer, Dropbox, "a lot of money". Dropbox has been slow to move to Python 3 but regularly updates to the latest Python 2.7 release, he said. But Victor Stinner wondered if it made more sense to put that effort into Python 3 in the hopes of getting more migration to that version of Python.
Van Rossum was clearly not happy with the idea of crippling Python 2 to somehow promote Python 3:
However this talk of "wasting our time with Python 2" needs to stop, and if you think that making Python 2 less attractive will encourage people to migrate to Python 3, think again. Companies like Intel are *contributing* by offering this backport up publicly.
As Larry Hastings pointed out, though, the question had already become moot. Python 2.7 release manager Benjamin Peterson had merged the patch for 2.7.11, which is slated for release in December.
The rate of Python 3 adoption and the best way to encourage it are often somewhat contentious subjects in Python circles. Though many have bemoaned the lack of new features in Python 2.7, a large part of the decision to do that has been driven by a lack of core developers interested in continuing to work on that branch. Adding more paid developers should help alleviate some of those concerns. It seems unlikely to lead to any wholesale changes to 2.7, but there may be enhancements that can be made in the next few years. Meanwhile, new features like async/await, type hints, and others will continue to be added to Python 3 to hopefully provide a carrot to draw more and more to that version of the language. Or at least that is the plan ...
Video Script
This is the Pilot Metropolitan fountain pen. I come in a black cardboard box with the Pilot logo embossed in silver in top. The cardboard box is simply an outer shell. Inside we have a faux leather box with a hinge top to it. Inside of the box on the inside of the lid is the Pilot logo embossed again in silver.Included with the pen is an additional ink cartridge.This is the silver version of the Pilot Metropolitan. It is a brushed silver and has a shiny band running through the center section of the pen. There is also a small chrome band running between the cap and the barrel of the pen.On the backside of the cap we have Pilot Japan. It has a chrome clip. On the one side of the chrome clip is engraved Japan and on the other side is engraved Pilot. The cap on this pen simply snaps off and is easily posted for writing. It is a nice size pen in my hand. It has a chrome band running around right between the nib section and the barrel of the pen and a black nib section of the pen.The nib on this pen is a stainless steel nib. It has the Pilot logo engraved on it as well as some other etchings.To replace the cartridge or the converter on this pen we simply unscrew the nib section from the barrel. Included with the pen is a squeeze type converter if you would rather use bottled inks. You simply put the nib in the bottle of ink and you can squeeze the converter to draw the ink into it. It has a spring piece of metal around a rubber chamber. That can be used to draw the ink into it. Instead of a converter if you would rather use a cartridge there is one included or you can use a different color cartridge you can that as well.This particular fountain pen also comes in a couple different colors. We have a gold version of the pen and we also have a black version of the pen. Each of the pens is a duller or matte finish on the barrel and the cap with a shinier band running around the center of the barrel.These are some inexpensive but great quality fountain pens. Pilot is a great company. It is a Japanese product. Get yours today at PenChalet.com!
Written by Christopher DeWolf, CNN
Christopher Dewolf is a Hong Kong based writer with a focus on architecture and urbanism. He is the author of "Borrowed Spaces: Life Between the Cracks of Modern Hong Kong."
It rises like a mirage as you pass the fallow fields and fish ponds of outer Hong Kong: a wall of skyscrapers shimmering in the distance. This is Shenzhen, which has grown from a small fishing village into a major financial and technology hub in less than 40 years.
Like many other cities in China, Shenzhen is crazy for skyscrapers.
Of the 128 buildings over 200 meters tall that were completed in the world last year, 70% were in China, according to the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat (CTBUH ).
Shenzhen was responsible for 11 of them -- more than the entire United States, and almost twice as many as any other Chinese city (Chongqing and Guangzhou tied for second place, alongside Goyang in South Korea, with six skyscrapers each).
Tall by design
The city's relationship with high-rises goes back to 1980, when China's reformist leader, Deng Xiaoping, declared that a swath of farmland along the Hong Kong border would become a so-called Special Economic Zone.
The decision meant that companies could operate with fewer of the restrictions of a planned economy -- China's first major experiment with free markets since the Communist revolution of 1949. Investors from Hong Kong -- and beyond -- rushed across the border to build factories and other businesses.
From the beginning, urban planners decided that it would be a city of skyscrapers. Shenzhen's growing skyline is simply part of its DNA, according to University of Hong Kong architecture professor Juan Du, whose book, "The Making of Shenzhen: A Thousand Years in China's Instant City," will be published next year.
1 / 26 – Lotte World Tower, Seoul, South Korea
Height: 555 meters (1819 feet)
Architect: Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates Opened in April 2017, the Lotte World Tower is Seoul's first supertall skyscraper, and is currently the fifth tallest building in the world.555 meters (1819 feet)
"In Shenzhen, (skyscrapers are) really linked to the image of the city," she said over the phone. "Between the early 1980s and the early 90s, it had more tall buildings than any Chinese city.
"The term 'Shenzhen speed' was coined from the (time of) the construction of the city's earliest skyscrapers. When Deng Xiaoping made his first visit to Shenzhen, he was really excited by the speed at which tall buildings were being built."
Today, Shenzhen has evolved beyond its manufacturing roots to become a hub for service industries -- especially technology and design. Often described as "China's Silicon Valley," the city is home to huge companies like Tencent (which itself built two skyscrapers) and a network of thousands of smaller firms.
But Shenzhen's geography plays a part, too: the city center is located in a narrow strip between mountains and the Hong Kong border. A growing network of subway lines and a new high-speed rail connection to Hong Kong have made this strip even more desirable, pushing development up rather than out.
Cities in slowdown
Shenzhen appears to be showing no signs of slowing. In addition to a current crop of 49 buildings taller than 200 meters, a further 48 skyscrapers are under construction, according to CTBUH data.
But as Shenzhen grows skywards, empty office space in other big cities has led market analysts to speculate that China is caught in a spiral of overbuilding. The office vacancy rate in Beijing, which stood at 8% at the end of 2016, is forecast to rise to 13% by the end of 2019, according to a report by property firm Colliers International. The report noted that "the growing office supply will still outstrip the growth in demand."
In Shanghai, the country's tallest building, the 632-meter Shanghai Tower, has sat largely empty since opening in 2015, with one of the project's lead developers, Gu Jianping, admitting at an awards ceremony last year that "the biggest challenge facing China is how to build fewer skyscrapers."
Across China, the race upwards has produced outsized landmarks (like Nanjing's Zifeng Tower which is nearly twice the height of the city's next-tallest building) in areas where there was not enough demand to justify construction. Entire new cities were built in places like Ordos, a dusty outpost in the Gobi Desert, which then sat empty for years. Tianjin built no fewer than three central business districts filled with skyscrapers -- including one unashamedly modeled on Manhattan.
Some media reports have pointed to the so-called "Skyscraper Index," an idea first proposed by economist Andrew Lawrence in 1999, which suggests that a surge of investment in skyscrapers is a harbinger of recession.
Bucking the trend
But rather than signaling a downturn, Shenzhen's spate of new skyscrapers may simply reflect its booming economy. With the highest per capita GDP of any major city in China, Shenzhen is also experiencing soaring land prices.
Last year, the city's property market was named the mainland's most expensive, with homes selling for an average of $6,500 per square meter, according to SouFun , which tracks house prices in 100 Chinese cities. There has been a similar trend in the office market, according to David Ji, the head of research for Greater China at property consultancy Knight Frank.
"Shenzhen has a lot of demand for Grade A office space, unlike some other mainland cities that just go for height to compete with each other," he said over the phone.
And aside from the 600-meter Ping An Financial Centre, which became the world's fourth tallest building when it opened last year, Ji said that "buildings built in Shenzhen tend not to be that tall relative to Shanghai or other cities."
In other words, Shenzhen may be building plenty of skyscrapers, but most of them aren't showstoppers.
Rather than tolerating vanity projects, urban planners encourage projects that fit in with the surrounding city, according to Hong Kong-based architect Stefan Krummeck. His firm, TFP Farrells, designed KK100, a 442-meter tower that is currently the second tallest in Shenzhen. Rather than an isolated landmark, the skyscraper is part of a former village that was redeveloped in conjunction with KK100.
"There's always a bit of an ego trip involved in super high-rises, but in Shenzhen it's more sustainable -- the towers are reasonably modest," he said over the phone. "There are only a few super-high-rise towers and they're pretty well integrated into the urban fabric.
"To the best of my knowledge, the towers are full and the streets are lively. It works quite well."
The ambiguities of Pope Francis's apostolic exhortation, Amoris Laetitia, continue to provoke a lively debate even as we pass its one-year anniversary. Allies of the pope marked the event by rallying to his support as they beseeched the faithful to contemplate this maligned papal document. On the other side of the ledger, orthodox theologians continue to take Pope Francis to task for refusing to clarify the obscure teaching of Chapter Eight. Of particular significance was a meeting of six lay scholars in Rome in late April. They gathered together near the Vatican with a plea that clarity will soon be brought to the immense confusion fostered by Amoris Laetitia. These scholars included Claudio Pierantoni from Chile, Douglas Farrow from Canada, and Anna Silvas from Australia. It is instructive to juxtapose their bleak assessment of Amoris Laetitia with the assessment of one of its most ardent supporters. By polarizing these two viewpoints we can evoke a sense of the present and future debates about this document.
In an eloquent essay on Crux, a web site now sponsored by the Knights of Columbus, Fr. James Keenan, S.J. of Boston College invites readers to take a closer look at Amoris Laetitia especially during the Easter season. He sees this papal letter as a crowning achievement of the Francis papacy so far because it marks a decisive turning point in papal teaching. What we find here is a “relational theology of marriage,” ministerial accompaniment, and finally “dictating consciences.” Father Keenan is especially delighted by Amoris Laetitia's recognition of the “discerning competence” of conscience, a notion that has been dormant for too many years. In his view, this liberation of conscience is long overdue. Moreover, the Pope's teaching on conscience resonates more clearly with Conciliar theology. According to Father Keenan, Pope Francis is shifting the entire task of moral theology: “not only does conscience acknowledge moral truth as it is taught, but it discerns and articulates its course for the future.” He points to paragraph 303 where Pope Francis says that “conscience can do more than recognize that a given situation does not correspond objectively to the overall demands of the Gospel. It can also recognize with sincerity and honesty what for now is the most generous response which can be given to God, and come to see with a certain moral security that it is what God himself is asking amid the concrete complexity of one's limits, while yet not fully the objective ideal.”
But can conscience “dictate” or “articulate” something new that contradicts or reverses the moral truths accepted in the Catholic tradition based on natural law and Revelation? Can a discerning conscience direct us to remain in sin and error with a “certain moral security” as Amoris Laetitia apparently pronounces? And is any of this consistent with what the previous Magisterium has taught? To be sure, this is not exactly what Vatican II prescribes about conscience. Gaudium et Spes stresses that fidelity to conscience means “seek[ing] to conform to the objective norms of morality” (par. 16). The Catholic Church has always taught that conscience is a judgment in a particular context about how those objective norms (or divine commandments) apply. While Amoris Laetita refers to the importance of “feeling in conscience” (298), conscience is not constituted by feeling or emotion but is a judgment of reason. In addition, Amoris Laetitia seems to conflate conscience and discernment. As philosophers Grisez and Finnis have explained, unlike conscience, discernment is not concerned with what is morally right and wrong but with the choice of one among many morally acceptable alternatives. Thus, Amoris Laetitia represents a novel but untenable view of conscience that is strikingly discordant with traditional Catholic teaching and Conciliar theology.
Aside from Pope Francis' vision of conscience, Father Keenan also praises the theology of accompaniment that is laid out in Chapter Eight. Religious and lay ministers are called to accompany the faithful as they form their consciences. Of course, this is one of the more positive elements of Amoris Laetitia so long we understand the proper limits of accompaniment. Fr. Keenan argues that this ministry of accompaniment, which “engages” conscience, bears a strong resemblance to the pastoral teaching of Pope John Paul II. He claims to find the Pope Francis motif of accompaniment, which can dispense with certain moral obligations, in Familiaris Consortio (par. 34). In that papal exhortation, accompaniment means that a married couple who recognize the authority of Humanae Vitae but are unable to follow its teaching, seek pastoral counsel, and through the “law of graduality” might be able to receive the Eucharist even if they practice birth control. For anyone who knows the thought of Pope John Paul II, this will strike them as a startling claim. The problem is that John Paul II makes no such assertion in this letter on the family.
On the contrary, the Pope insists that we cannot “look on the law as merely an ideal to be achieved in the future,” so married couples must follow the doctrine of Humanae Vitae as “the norm for the exercise of their sexuality” (Familiaris Consortio, 34). The Pope recognizes that some couples will progress more rapidly than others in the acceptance of that norm, but he never suggests that those who fall short can receive the Eucharist. Uniquely important, he writes, “is unity of moral and pastoral judgment by priests—a unity that must be carefully sought and ensured in order that the faithful may not have to suffer anxiety of conscience” (34). I would submit that this language is vastly different from what we find in Amoris Laetitia, which consistently gives priority to pastoral practice over moral dogma.
In his support of Amoris Laetitia, Father Keenan follows what is becoming a familiar strategy. Assure people that this benign teaching is consistent with Sacred Tradition and with what previous councils and popes have taught. We can rest assured that there is even consistency with what John Paul II, the “Pope of the Family,” has instructed about these matters. Whatever is new in Amoris Laetitia represents an organic development of doctrine that should be welcomed rather than resisted.
But where Father Keenan sees continuity and authentic doctrinal development, the lay scholars who gathered in Rome see only rupture and disharmony with both Catholic Tradition and Revelation. All of their presentations are well worth reading but the two that stand out are the ones delivered by Claudio Pierantoni and Anna Silvas. Space constraints make it impossible to explore their essays in any depth, but we can offer a general summary of their portentous remarks.
Claudio Pierantoni begins with an elaboration on the errors of two popes who have been accused of deviating from the traditional doctrines of the Church, Honorius I and Liberius. Honarius, the only pope to be formally condemned for heresy, upheld the doctrine of Monothelitism which states that Christ had one will despite his two natures. Liberius, on the other hand, did not always adhere to the doctrine of the Council of Nicaea, which declared the Son to be consubstantial with the Father. He also excommunicated Athanasius who was the most zealous defender of that dogma. What is similar about both cases is that this errancy occurred while dogma was still being settled. But there is an “aggravating circumstance” in the case of the current pontificate, since the doctrines at stake have not been unclear or in dispute, but are solidly grounded in the Apostolic Tradition. In the case of communion for the divorced and remarried, there is an “entire edifice of Catholic doctrine.”
While there have been abuses on the pastoral level, the situation changes dramatically when those abuses are given a doctrinal justification backed up by the actions of the pope himself. There is little doubt that Amoris Laetitia represents an unequivocal deviation from traditional and settled Catholic doctrine about marriage. If marriage is indissoluble, as Jesus himself has taught, but communion can be given to some divorced and remarried couples, indissolubility is no longer absolute, no longer intrinsic to the marital bond, but just a general rule, an ideal that allows for exceptions. This clearly seems to be the primary teaching of Chapter Eight, and it is incongruous with the Church's traditional understanding of marriage rooted in Sacred Scripture.
According to Pierantoni, Amoris Laetitia is also full of confusion about the ultimate authority of the natural law which is an aspect of divine law. It assumes that there can be exceptions to the core moral laws, such as the law forbidding adultery. Those laws have a binding force and are not subject to historical or cultural contingencies. They are based securely on the human person's nature and natural goodness and confirmed by Revelation. In support of Pierantoni's analysis, we can look no further than the Second Vatican Council which has been quite clear about the “natural and Gospel law” (lex naturalis et evangelica), that is immutable and universal (Gaudium et Spes 74).
Anna Silvas, for her part, implores Catholics to read Amoris Laetitia in the context of the pope's antecedent and subsequent statements rather than focus on the text in isolation. The chaos that surrounds Amoris Laetitia is not a matter of misinterpretation. What Pope Francis says here is actually rather clear, however shocking it may be to orthodox ears. Those divorced and remarried couples in irregular situations can be admitted to the Eucharist under certain conditions even if they do not live as brother and sister. As corroboration, we can turn to Archbishop Bergoglio's discreet practice of giving communion to these couples along with couples who were simply cohabitating. There is also Pope Francis' letter to the Argentinian bishops that confirms this interpretation. If we read this document in the context of what the pope has said and done, there will be far less doubt about its meaning and intention.
Silvas also declares that Amoris Laetitia is a model for how Pope Francis deals with the revision of doctrine. He does not attempt to confront that doctrine directly, since he knows that such an effort has little hope of success. Rather, the goal is to change incrementally the pastoral practice associated with that doctrine, until the doctrine is marginalized and loses its efficacy. This is precisely what the Pope means by one of his favorite postulates, “time is greater than space.” Over time the revised pastoral practice will slowly push the actual doctrine to the periphery where it will remain a nice ideal. According to Silvas, “We are in a world of dynamic fluidity here, of starting open-ended processes, of sowing seeds of desired change that will triumph over time.” The pope's fondest hope is that the heterodox message of Amoris Laetitia will eventually triumph over time, perhaps barely imperceptible to an unsuspecting laity.
The pope's effort to relativize and idealize traditional doctrine seems to be grounded in his vision of an ecclesial community where moral law and revelation are filtered through concrete realities and possibilities. We can be sure that the pope's strategy will not be confined to the issue of communion for those in irregular unions. There are now credible reports about a Vatican papal commission to review the teachings of Humanae Vitae. If this is true, isn't it probable that the same flawed moral logic will prevail? Non-contraceptive sex becomes the ideal, and those who can't quite live up to that lofty ideal can receive the Eucharist, but only after a period of “discernment.”
These lay scholars and Father Keenan concur on one vital point: Amoris Laetitia is a radical turning point in papal teaching. Unlike Father Keenan, Pierantoni and Silvas see this as a negative moment in the Church's history. But will this deviation from established doctrine continue to go unchallenged? With few exceptions, the hierarchy seems unwilling to speak out about the blow to doctrinal integrity inflicted by this exhortation. The task then falls on the laity who must face reality and speak with candor about the deficiencies of this alien papal teaching. The errors of Amoris Laetitia must be acknowledged and confronted with truth and charity. If we have learned anything from John Paul II, it is the need to defend the truth, especially the truth of Jesus Christ, the eternal self-revealing Logos.
(Photo credit: Catholic News Agency)
Kobe's Bryant's final NBA game is four months away, but ticket prices are already soaring.
Prices for the Lakers' last game have nearly tripled to $1,388.60 in the 14 hours since Bryant announced his retirement, according to ticket price tracker TiqIQ. Tickets were already going for an average of $478 even before the announcement Sunday night amid speculation that this would be Bryant's last season.
The cheapest ticket listing for the April 13 home game against the Utah Jazz is $552, up from $103 before the announcement. The most expensive ticket is $11,700 for a seat on Courtside Row, right behind the Lakers' bench.
And it's not just listing prices that are soaring. Actual sale prices have jumped as well. The average resale price on Monday was $925, SeatGeek reports, five times what it was before the retirement news.
Los Angeles fans could save a little money by buying a ticket to the final Clippers home game against the Lakers on April 6. The two teams share the Staples Center, but tickets for that game are going for an average of $346, a bargain at least relatively speaking.
Related: Kobe to retire at end of the season
Fans outside of Los Angeles will also pay more for Bryant's final trips to most other NBA cities. Listing prices for those games are up 30% or more according to SeatGeek.
Bryant announced his retirement Sunday night on the Players' Tribune Sunday afternoon. He's played for the Lakers since he signed as an 17-year old in 1996, and holds franchise records in points and games played, among others.
But injuries limited him to only 41 games over the last two seasons. The Lakers have also fallen on hard times, finishing in last place each of the last two years. They've had a rough start this season also, with a 2-14 record.
4 minute read
Martyred Okarche native Father Stanley Rother was beatified, or declared blessed, in an elaborate and moving Mass Saturday.
Over 20,000 attended at the Cox Convention Center in downtown Oklahoma City.
He is the first American-born martyr and the first U.S. priest to be beatified.
Rother's beatification comes nine months after Pope Francis declared him a martyr of the faith.
He is the latest on a list of only 78 martyrs in the entire history of the church.
He is now only one step away from canonization, the church's declaration that a person is “a saint in heaven with God.”
Beatification is the declaration that Father Rother lived a holy life and is a good example to follow. Catholics will now celebrate a feast day for him each year July 28, the anniversary of his murder in 1981.
The Mass was conducted by Angelo Cardinal Amato, S.D.B. who came from Rome to conduct the beatification.
“His blood, united to that precious Blood of Jesus, purifies and redeems even his enemies, who are loved and also forgiven,“ Amato said of Rother in his homily.
Amato is the Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints in Rome. As such, he is the one who coordinates investigations of causes and then makes recommendations to Pope Francis for those who are blessed and canonized.
Much fruit
The key scripture used in the Beatification Mass was an appropriate one for blessing a martyr.
Unless a grain of wheat falls to the ground and dies, it just remains a grain of wheat; but if it dies, it produces much fruit. (John 12:24)
In his homily, Cardinal Amato explained the circumstances of Rother's death in the mission in Guatemala with a level of detail that might have startled some.
“From 1971 until 1981, numerous killings of journalists, farmers, catechists and priests, all falsely accused of communism, took place in Guatemala,” said Amato. “This was a real and true time of bloody persecution for the church.”
Subversive love
Rother ran afoul of government troops and their informal death squads that kidnapped and tortured people in Santiago Atitlan where the mission was located.
He would go find the bodies of his tortured, assasinated parishioners left on the side of the road as an example and bury them. He would then care for their widows.
Those simple acts of compassion were considered to be subversive by the right-wing government in Guatemala at the time.
In addition, Rother had used his knowledge of farming from his childhood in Okarche to help his people begin to grow their own crops and form food co-ops.
Again, the Guatemalan government considered Rother's encouragement of his parishioners' independence to be subversive.
Death list
Eventually Rother was told that he was on a death list. His bishop called him back to Oklahoma for his own safety.
But he couldn't stay. He told family members who tried to keep him from returning to the mission “The good shepherd does not abandon his flock in danger. The shepherd cannot run.”
And so he returned.
Then, soon after his return, around 1 a.m. July 28, three gunmen broke into the rectory at the mission. Rother had already decided he would not be taken alive to be tortured and so he fought back.
The death squad ended the fight with two gunshots to Rother's head.
Saint?
The next step is canonization or sainthood. A verified miracle that cannot be explained any other way will have to be attributed to him before he will be considered.
Saints are not worshiped, but venerated as examples of faithfulness and as those who can intercede with God in heaven on behalf of the faithful on earth.
Rother's cause was taken up by both his former parishioners in Guatemala and his home diocese in Oklahoma.
After seven years of research in the archdiocese of Oklahoma, and an elaborate process of examining Rother's writings, teachings, work, outcomes of his mission work, death and even his exhumed body, and a commission giving the go-ahead, the Pope made an official declaration of martyrdom.
George Rigazzi, archivist for the Oklahoma City Archdiocese was one of four on a committee that did the research.
They examined everything Rother had ever said or written. In the end, they submitted “about 7,000 documents” to Rome, Rigazzi said.
Chelsea Manning faces indefinite solitary confinement after being charged with having prohibited materials in prison, one of her lawyers told BuzzFeed News on Wednesday.
Manning was convicted of violations of the Espionage Act and other offenses in July 2013 after leaking thousands of classified documents to WikiLeaks. She currently is serving a 35-year prison sentence at the United States Disciplinary Barracks at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
ACLU attorney Chase Strangio told BuzzFeed News that he is yet to see the charging document — and BuzzFeed News has not reviewed any documentation of the new charges. An Army spokesman did not respond to a request for the charging document and comment on the charges.
Strangio, however, did tell BuzzFeed News that the charging document — read over the phone by Manning to Christina DiPasquale, a public relations consultant, and communicated to Strangio — specifies that punishment could include indefinite solitary confinement.
Strangio noted that the charges have been brought against Manning by military officials at the prison and stated that Manning will have a hearing on the charges on August 18.
"Here Chelsea is at risk of losing various support networks simply because she had an expired tube of toothpaste, the Vanity Fair magazine that featured Caitlyn Jenner and requested a lawyer when she felt she was being accused of misconduct," Strangio told BuzzFeed News of the charges.
Supporters of Manning, led by Fight for the Future's Evan Greer and promoted by DiPasquale, have started a petition to raise awareness of the new charges.
Among the materials that DiPasquale told BuzzFeed News were confiscated from Manning are The Advocate and Out magazines; an issue of Cosmopolitan with an interview of Manning; Transgender Studies Quarterly; and a novel about transgender issues, A Safe Girl to Love.
According to the petition, the alleged misconduct that led to Manning requesting to speak with her lawyer related to her "sweeping some food onto the floor." The petition states that a charge of "improper medicine use" resulted from Manning having the expired tube of toothpaste.
"Given the materials that were confiscated, it is concerning that the military and Leavenworth might be taking action for the purpose of chilling Chelsea's speech or even with the goal of silencing her altogether by placing her in solitary," Strangio wrote. "Hopefully with public scrutiny the prison will respond by dismissing these charges and ensuring that she is not unfairly targeted based on her activism, her identity, and her pending lawsuit."
Dude, I'd email them now and see if you can get your money back now.
The Grid is putting more than half their budget into advertising to get as many people to buy in as possible and then they are going to abandon it and cash out. Also, what they promised is impossible. Read the first article on this thread and you'll hear it right from an accomplished developer that what they are claiming is not possible with current technology and won't be for a very very long time.
Here is a post on another promising app that gained a lot of early adopters who never got their money back and got no product. This happens a lot.
Another recent example is TideKit:
TideKit is the only app development platform that lets you develop HTML5, hybrid and native apps for iOS, Android, Blackberry, Windows, Mac OS X, Linux and the Web — all from a single source of code written in JavaScript. Create, manage and deploy apps that wow people and monetize everywhere.
I have been too one of the people who signed up for early bird access. After paying 100 USD I have been given a message stating something along the lines of "Thank you for your support. We will contact you when it is your turn." That moment I realised that their entire purchase flow did not say explicitly that purchasing early bird access will give me access to the beta. I did not get a receipt either. I asked for a refund on the grounds that they are unable to provide the receipt (after repeated requests), they are unable to provide estimate when I will get access to the software and their entire purchase flow is misleading advertisement at its best.
However, TideKit soon released (5 months after I made a purchase) a progress page, which showed that some people are getting access to the beta and even included a progress bar showing completeness of the software (think, UI 90%, backend 95%). What do you think happened when the bar reached 100% Everyone got an email stating that due to bad PR the product is cancelled (here is the full email, http://stackoverflow.com/a/31369264/368691). Of course, no one is that naive to believe this.
The think is that as a programmer, you can more or less estimate what is realistically possible in the current time. While TideKit is not absolutely impossible, it is not a task for one developer (which later turned out to be the case with TideKit). Furthermore, existing products in the market (think http://electron.atom.io/ and http://nwjs.io/) are a good indicator of the technical challenges. These programs have a lot smaller scope, have a lot bigger backing, and are struggling with the complexity of the codebase.
How does this relate to the Grid? Well, there is nothing near in the market that compares to what the Grid is promising. The components of which the Grid is supposed to consists (which are well described in the original post) do not exist either, or are at a very early stage of maturity. There are no certain deadlines. You cannot name/find a single person who has used it already. There is a huge PR around it (Do you think you'd really need a huge PR for a full AI web development software? lol, please.).
At its best, it is going to be drag-and-drop/answer standard set of questions, component driven web CMS. At its worst, it will be shut down in a similar way that TideKit has.
You can read more about the story:
Saturday Night Live, Stranger Things and Westworld were the big winners at the Creative Arts Emmy Awards, which were handed out over two nights, Saturday and Sunday, at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles.
Each of those series won five Emmys at the show, during which statuettes were presented in a slew of categories, from best guest performances to the best reality host to the best hairstyling to the best music supervision.
Two of SNL's wins came for best guest actor and actress in a comedy series, for hosts Dave Chappelle and Melissa McCarthy. Winning best guest acting honors for drama were Gerald McRaney for This Is Us and Alexis Bledel for The Handmaid's Tale.
Winning four Emmys apiece were 13th, Samurai Jack and The Night Of, while shows nabbing three Emmys each were Big Little Lies, Hairspray Live!, RuPaul's Drag Race, The Handmaid's Tale and Veep.
Overall, HBO won the most Emmys with a total of 19, followed by Netflix with 16.
Tom Hanks opened the show Sunday night, introducing the nominees for best casting for a comedy series, which went to HBO's Veep. Hanks reflected on the importance of those who work in areas like casting and sound editing — as well as those who perform tasks like fetching him a breakfast burrito, he joked. He also praised casting directors for helping him landed his first role on Bosom Buddies, which brought him where he is today.
Hanks are nominated this year for best guest actor in a comedy series for hosting Saturday Night Live. The award went to Chappelle.
Meanwhile, Bledel donned a blue ACLU ribbon onstage and thanked Hulu for partnering with Change.org to "encourage us all to take action." The actress added, "It is heartening to think we can be heard issue by issue if we sign, speak up and stay awake."
Stranger Things casting director Carmen Cuba, who shared the award for best casting in a drama series with Tara Feldstein Bennett and Chase Paris, also expressed the need to stand up for one's beliefs. "No matter how the real world is beginning to represent the upside down, no matter how the demogorgon finds ways to terrify and separate us, let's stand together and fight for our neighbor's protection and acceptance. America is lucky and richer with all of the voices. Especially the strange ones."
Gerald McRaney won his first Emmy, for guest actor in a drama series, for his role on This Is Us. When asked backstage if an Emmy was always his goal and wished that he could have won earlier in his career, he responded that the process of acting and improving his career is more important than an award and he's happy to now have the honor.
"This is great, but it's not the end of the world. It's not the beginning of the world. It's a trophy," said McRaney. "I like being on a set. I like working with actors. This is the icing on a very delicious cake."
Meanwhile, Hank Azaria was scheduled to be a presenter on Sunday but was absent because due to Hurricane Irma as he was traveling to Florida to help evacuate his mother. Jane Lynch expressed onstage that both Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Harvey are indicators that global warming is happening and asked the audience to come together in bringing awareness to the cause.
The ceremony isn't airing live, but an edited version will be shown on FXX at 8 p.m. ET/PT next Saturday, a day before the Primetime Emmys. A complete list of winners follows.
Image caption President Karzai was angered by the Qatar process
The Afghan government is planning to meet the Taliban in Saudi Arabia in an attempt to jump-start peace talks, the BBC has learned.
The landmark meeting will come in the coming weeks, before the establishment of a Taliban office in Qatar, according to Western and Afghan officials.
The Taliban have refused previously to recognise the government of President Hamid Karzai.
Senior officials in Kabul say the Taliban have agreed to the meeting.
The militant group, contacted by the BBC, refused to comment on the move.
The Taliban have so far insisted they would only talk to the US and other allies of the Kabul government.
A senior Afghan government official told the BBC: "Even if the Taliban office is established in Qatar, we will obviously pursue other efforts in the region, including Saudi Arabia and Turkey."
He continued: "Saudi Arabia has played an important role in the past. We value that and look forward to continued support and contact with Saudi Arabia in continuing the peace process."
President Karzai was angered by US and Qatari efforts to kick-start the peace process without consulting his government fully.
In December, he recalled the Afghan ambassador in Doha. A delegation from Qatar is expected to arrive in Kabul shortly in an attempt to mend fences.
Image caption US aid worker Warren Weinstein was abducted in Lahore last year
Prisoner exchange?
As reported by the UK's Daily Telegraph newspaper, a number of Taliban officials have already arrived in Qatar.
The delegation includes Sher Mohammad Stanakzai, the Taliban's former deputy foreign minister and Shabudin Dilawari, a former ambassador to Saudi Arabia, and Tayeb Agha, a close aide of Taliban leader Mullah Omar.
However, details for the establishment of a permanent office have still to be finalised.
Michael Semple, a former EU envoy to Kabul who was expelled in 2007 for talking to the Taliban, told BBC radio that the Taliban were "confused by the lack of coherence" between the Afghan government and the international community.
"There's a risk that the Taliban sit there and think there's some kind of divide-and-rule going on from the international side... and that actually no negotiated deal is possible and that they are far better off maintaining the coherence of their leadership which at the moment, frankly, looks rather more coherent and united than anything on either the Afghan government or international side," he said.
There are worries that the Taliban are using the political office to raise funds, and as a ploy to buy time before foreign combat troops leave Afghanistan at the end of 2014.
There is also concern in the presidential palace in Kabul that those negotiations will be primarily focused on an exchange of prisoners between the US and the Taliban.
Five senior insurgents are being held at the US detention facility in Guantanamo Bay.
America wants the return of three of its citizens held by the Taliban and its affiliates.
They include a captured soldier, Specialist Bowe Bergdahl, and kidnapped US aid worker Warren Weinstein.
All are being held in the town of Miranshah in the troubled Pakistani province of North Waziristan.
Meanwhile, a senior member of Afghanistan's High Peace Council remains in the hands of Taliban fighters in Nuristan, in the remote east of Afghanistan.
Shafiullah Shafi is considered an influential tribal elder - crucial in mediating between local Taliban commanders and fighters.
Shuttle diplomacy
Image caption Afghan troops are gradually taking over security duties as foreign forces prepare to leave
There are divisions within the Taliban leadership, with one faction continuing to insist that all foreign troops must leave before any talks take place.
Messages have been sent to the Taliban commanders from the Quetta Shura, the Taliban's leadership council, warning against dissent.
Separately, President Karzai's government is attempting to improve bilateral relations with neighbouring Pakistan.
Three of the main insurgent groups fighting in Afghanistan are based in Pakistan. Islamabad's support will be vital in any credible peace process.
Pakistan's Foreign Minister, Hina Rabbani Khar, will visit Kabul soon.
The Afghan government is hopeful that Pakistan will hand over two Taliban leaders from the east of the country, Mawli Kabir and Mawli Sadrazam, as a show of Pakistan's support for the peace process.
The government also wants Pakistan to facilitate direct access to the Quetta Shura.
America's special envoy to region, Marc Grossman, has been shuttling between key countries in the region.
In Kabul, he said the Taliban must renounce support for international terrorist groups and be prepared to engage with the government if peace talks were to get under way.
Western diplomats in Kabul have warned though that any eventual political settlement is years away, and that there is little prospect that fighting, which has claimed thousands of Afghan and foreign lives, will end anytime soon.
Follow Quentin Sommerville on Twitter @mrsommerville
Last week was a momentous week, the beginning of the end, perhaps, of a national depravity – the "war on drugs". The voters of Colorado and Washington passed measures to legalise marijuana, amounting to local shifts, for the moment. So we shouldn't delude ourselves that the country will be transformed overnight, but the public thinking, the public spirit is being transformed. Finally, there is a growing realisation that this "war" has produced nothing but a legacy of failure. And who wants to be associated with failure?
Let's be clear what we're discussing here. Not in question is the ravaging impact drugs can have on individuals – too many of us know people who have suffered in this way. But we need to see addiction for what it is – not a criminal matter but a public health issue, and a huge social issue, especially for the young. In fact, instead of a "war on drugs", better to call it a war on children.
In many parts of our country, a child strays a little at 14; tries a drug, can't think of any way to pay for it, and then sinks into the underground economy. Before long, he has a strike on his record, a strike that will be with him for the rest of his life. So you have a cycle of degradation, starting at 13, 14, and he never gets out of it. We now know so much about child development, the importance of the early years, how communities develop. Instead we eviscerate neighbourhoods, we strip away the infrastructure that once provided towns with resources.
And with this "war", we're talking about the erasure of a population – which was once black America, now just poor America. These are people removed from the official American story – just last week the millions of them locked up, often for non-violent drug-related crimes, did not participate in our democracy. So, at the very minimum, you are taking the poor away from the levers of power.
There is a new consensus that the economic view is becoming more influential in shifting attitudes on drugs, that the amount of money saved from policing and the amount gained through taxing legalised drugs is swaying opinion. Obviously we would all shudder to think we live in a country where only the economic collapse of a depravity like this should bring about its end. But I think it's also true that what's happening is more complicated – economic calculations meeting up with humanitarian concerns. So you have the likes of Grover Norquist, the conservative founder of Americans for Tax Reform, and Chris Christie, the Republican New Jersey governor, finding unlikely bedfellows with Russell Simmons and Danny Glover, producers on my film. All see a failed approach.
When I set off to make my film, I wanted to speak to people all over the country touched by drugs. The users and dealers and family members; but also judges and police and wardens. I expected to be a sort of court reporter, capturing an argument between these two camps.
In fact, everybody sounded like a victim. The people who work in the penal system want those jobs like they want a hole in the head; they are doing work they take no pride in. Ultimately, there are very few people who want to work in a system whose success relies on a churn of your fellow humans to lock up. And, of course – in class terms – there's far more commonality. Prison guards would tell me that they had relatives in prison, high school friends. And, hauntingly, everyone had a story about how broken the system was.
But there's a shocking fatalism in play. What I found was lots of people saying: "Eugene, I know the system is broken and I wish you well. But dream on, it is so vast and has so much bureaucratic thrust you're deluding yourself if you think it can be fixed." But these wardens would then say: "But until you do, I have to do my job, and by God, I'm an American and I'm going to do it better than the next guy."
Admirable in one sense, but it greases the wheels for the continuing operation of the machine. So a judge will quite sincerely tell you how he has no choice but to imprison a non-violent person for 20 years because of mandatory sentencing – and he's right – but then, over lunch, he'll tell you how much he regrets doing so. For a country founded in revolution, we have become spectacularly unmoored from the notion of revolutionary behaviour. Instead, we keep the bodies moving through the system.
I'm not going to pretend that the collapse of the "war on drugs" would transform life chances overnight for those born poorest in America. But, if you were to stop kneecapping many communities, you would free them to at least get their feet on the ground in normal ways. You could also save such a tremendous amount of money that you could ask yourself: what could I do that would plant a tree? What could I do in the neighbourhoods that would actually foster the values that built civilisation and would help young people find pathways other than those that end up in addiction?
Progress is not going to be made immediately on the national stage. Obama, I'm sure, would recognise the logic in the film, and then he would do what he has done for the past four years – he wakes up with the Washington machine. Four years ago, I met with his team; they said all the right things. Don't talk about a war on drugs, they said. You don't have a war against your own people. But, still, they've carried on in the same way.
What will bring about change is public demand. The public has to boo and hiss politicians who pander in this way – who say they are being tough on crime when they are destroying communities. We need to tell them that we won't let them vilify our neighbour to keep the penal system running. We will do that if we recognise that drug-mongering is no more substantial than WMD-mongering. And we know how that turned out. Americans have been an impressionable lot, but we're becoming less so. Bit by bit, we're realising that the "war on drugs" makes no sense. And, if we let politicians know this, they have no choice but to become smarter and answer our demands.
Note: The following issues are present as of the time of writing, running on version 1.12.1 of the H6D camera body firmware, dated December 5, 2016. It is very likely that these will be resolved in new firmware updates.
When shooting, I occasionally had issues when shooting in RAW+JPEG. Sometimes the JPEG files were not written to the card, at least not in a way that can be read by the Phocus Mobile software to show a preview in the list view — or, if shooting to the SD card, in a way that my SD card reader for my iPhone would recognize. When opened on my computer, they seemed to be there and open just fine, but would not generate previews — Odd.
Another quirk — I'm not sure of what the buffer on the camera is like, but it would sometimes hang and stay "busy" for some period of time, even between slow sequential shots. On three occasions I had to power down the camera and remove/re-insert the battery. I can only suspect that this is due to it not liking the card(s) I was using (or a firmware issue), and not a result of shooting too much, too fast, as the cards I'm using are plenty fast enough.
While the H6D features dual card slots, it seems that the implementation is very rudimentary. As of the current firmware (v 1.12.1, Released 12/5/2016), the second of the chosen card slots (usually the SD card) can only be set to "overflow" or "none". Thus, you cannot record to both cards for redundancy, nor can you record RAW to one card, and JPEG to the other. With as finnicky as the camera is with cards, this is a bit concerning, as it's entirely within the realm of possibility that you can suffer lost data. Additionally, folder creation and browsing is currently unavailable; I usually don't create separate folders as I usually use a freshly formatted card for each shoot, but I know this may be an issue for some photographers, so it's worth a mention.
The H6D only has full-stop increments for ISO. Not a big deal, I guess. Intermediary ISO settins is just another one of those things I've grown accustomed to with DSLRs. Additionally, it does not have Auto-ISO; again, not a big deal, since I almost never use it on any of my other cameras.
The back was advertised as being able to be powered via the USB 3.0 Type-C port, which is currently not the case — this is mainly an issue for users of technical cameras, as the only way to power the back in this configuration, at least currently, is to use an AC adapter. I imagine this feature could be useful to possibly power the back via a portable USB charger/power bank, which would be really cool.
Image rating on the back via the "star" button is currently not functional. This was a feature I wish were working, as it was something I would often use during shoots to quickly "1 star" a shot I or the client liked, to make culling quicker and easier later.
The camera does not have auto white balance, and currently there is no way of setting a custom white balance from an exposure, though it's something that should be available in a coming firmware update (slated for mid-April 2017), along with a plethora of other much-needed features. Many of the above issues are being addressed in these coming firmware updates, which is great.
While I know they're currently focused on the X1D, looking at the firmware archive on their site, the H6D (and older models) have been very well supported through continuous firmware updates in the past. So that's reassuring, even if a bit slow for my taste.
In all, the H6D is missing some key features that were touted up to and during its release, but I know that the features will come through consistent releases of new firmware. As it stands in its current state, it's a fine photographic tool, limited only by your imagination. None of the currently missing features are deal-breaking, and will not in any way hinder its (or your) capability to make great photographs.
back to index
“Welcome to the most extreme golf in the world,” says the European Union ambassador to Afghanistan, as half-a-dozen heavily armed bodyguards fan out around him and scan the Kabul Golf Club course.
But Vygaudas Usackas is not talking about security threats facing golfers in a war zone — he's talking about the course.
It is one big hazard, with unfair fairways of rock and thistles, sand-and-oil “greens” and the chance of falling into a ditch making even the most wicked of traditional sand traps and water hazards seem benign.
But in a country where guns far outnumber golf clubs and diplomats live in compounds set deep behind blast walls and razor wire, Usackas revels in the chance to “get out and get some fresh air”.
The air at Afghanistan's only golf course — a half-hour drive out of Kabul — is certainly easier to breathe than the dust and pollution of the chaotic capital, but golfers accustomed to the eye-soothing sight of immaculate lawns would be in for a shock.
And they can leave the fancy two-tone spiked shoes behind, being well-advised to don army style boots to cope with the terrain.
As for clubs, forget about the state-of-the-art Titanium driver that cost a few hundred dollars and choose, like anybody else, from a dusty collection of bags containing ancient woods and irons in the spartan, single-room “clubhouse”.
Then, equipped with two caddies, one to carry the bag, the other to stake out the likely landing area of your — perfect — shot so that he can maybe see the ball ricochet off a rock into a pile of rubble, you are ready to play.
The fore-caddy will also warn picnickers and cricketers and the riders of passing donkeys that balls may soon be coming their way.
They tend to be most accommodating, shifting temporarily from the direct line of fire and applauding any good shot in this bizarre game, in which Usackas and his party of one reporter and Afghanistan's only golf pro were the sole players one recent Friday.
The pro, Mohammad Afzal Abdul, 52, has been the manager and coach at the Club for 35 years — apart from war-forced closures and a couple of stints in jail under Soviet invaders and hardline Taliban Islamists “for associating with foreigners”.
A photograph of him with Tiger Woods in Dubai recently takes pride of place on the walls of the club's office.
“I invited Tiger to visit Kabul. He said okay, but no plans have been made,” says Afzal. “I like him, I like all golfers — he's a good man.”
Also on the wall is a large poster of the rules of the course.
“Tip #1: Play aggressively. There are no gimmes (a shot that players agree can count automatically). Don't even ask for the stroke index because this is Afghanistan and they're all tough.”
The tee boxes seem invisible in the scruffy terrain, except to Afzal, who has a scratch handicap and plays the course like the pro that he is.
The fairways can barely be distinguished from the rough and are scarred by ditches every 20 yards or so in preparation for a sprinkler system and dreams of covering the course in grass — but it has been like that for a year.
The greens are grey, made from sand and waste oil in an effort to provide a smooth surface. And the holes are, as Usackas says, “like everything here — relative”. Some have cups, others are just scratched depressions in the sand.
The course was built some 60 years ago during the rule of the then-king, Zahir Shah, but has been destroyed by 30 years of war: a line of rusting Soviet tanks from the 1980s can still be seen on a nearby hill.
The Russians were followed by civil war and rule by the hardline Islamist Taliban, who were ousted by a US-led invasion in 2001 for sheltering Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden after the 9/11 attacks on New York and Washington.
When the Western-backed President Hamid Karzai came to power, Afzal returned to his beloved course. “I didn't even recognise it,” he says now.
Deminers cleared the course, but as an extra precaution Afzal set several thousand sheep roaming over it for five days — they set off no mines and all survived.
But war still plagues Afghanistan, with the Taliban waging a 10-year insurgency against Karzai's government and 130,000 US-led NATO troops.
On the golf course, if you're playing with the ambassador, that means the age-old instruction for playing a shot — “Don't lift your head” — takes on a new meaning.
If you do, you are likely to spot a man with an automatic rifle kneeling a few yards away — which could put you off your stroke.
Abstract:
A warm fire, a brilliant Christmas tree, good company, and full bottle of cinnamon schnapps. It's just not the Holidays around here without cinnamon schnapps to sip on; and the best kind of schnapps is the kind you make yourself! With a few simple ingredients and some careful attention, a big ol' bottle of spicy-smooth homemade cinnamon schnapps can be made for pennies on the dollar. Also makes a thoughtful gift for those on your list who like to imbibe!
Purpose:
If you're the visual type, then you'll want to check out this companion video for this schnapps recipe. And don't forget to subscribe to my Youtube Channel for my latest recipe videos!
I think it's common knowledge that a person in a committed relationship tends to get the rest family in tow with said commitment (whether they like it or not). I've never had problems with my in-laws, but If I'm to be completely honest, our common appreciation for the great social equalizer that is booze can be given alotta credit for that. Whether it be a party, a stag, or a holiday proper, there's something both comfortable and enjoyable about sitting down and having a few drinks with family and close friends. As if we actually needed something to talk about after the second round, the conversation often turns to the beverages themselves, as I drink amongst those that like to diy. I've dabbled with things like homemade coffee liquor (that's Kahlua people), ginger beer, and even infused vodka for that special Bloody Mary; but it's my father-in-law that introduced me to the easy-sipping delight that is homemade cinnamon schnapps.
Every year around Christmas, my wife's dad whips up a mess of home-spun hooch from a recipe that he keeps in his head; mentally transcribed from a sheet of loose-leaf acquired from a neighbor whose handwriting you'd need a Rosetta Stone to decipher. Even if you don't adhere to scientific method, you don't have to connect too many dots to realize that like so many tall tales and campfire stories, this recipe is in a constant state of flux. to my father-in-law's credit, in the thirteen years I've known my wife, I've seen the man's recipe morph from liquor that was passed around when everything else was gone to the thing pulled from the cabinet first when company comes to call. What he did this year was good enough that my mother-in-law actually wrote it down for posterity. This was my chance: I snapped a shot of the recipe card with my phone, and took it home to tinker (hey, you didn't really think I'd do a recipe as wrote, did ya?).
There are presently no open calls for submissions.
ABOUT THIS OPPORTUNITY
HOW IT WORKS
Submit your series idea to us via a one-page pitch document.
50 submissions will be selected to enter the next round as Quarter-Finalists where each writer will have two weeks to submit a 22-page pilot script based on their pitch.
CoCre and Talos will choose 10 scripts to advance into the Semi-Finalist round. Writers will be scheduled for in-person or Skype interviews with representatives from each company.
After all of the interviews have concluded, three Finalists will be chosen to enter a one-month incubation period to develop and refine their selected pilot scripts with two mentors from the entertainment industry.
One winning writer will receive $5,000 and their script optioned and produced into an indie pilot.
The remaining two finalists will receive $1,500 and an option agreement for their script.
INCUBATION MENTORS
KEY DATES
OFFICIAL RULES AND CONDITIONS
ABOUT COLORCREATIVE.TV
ABOUT TALOS FILMS
ABOUT SKY VISION
This is a joint venture between ColorCreative.TV and Talos Films in conjunction with Sky Vision. We're looking for writers who have an underrepresented voice in mainstream media and have a creative pitch for a Young Adult television series.Dana Lynne North,Justin Simien,Sarah Gertrude Shapiro,Dan Powell,Jermaine Johnson,Sara Benincasa,Submissions OpenSubmissions Closed50 Quarter-Finalists Notified10 Semi-Finalists Notified3 Finalists NotifiedWinner AnnouncedPlease visit http://colorcreative.tv/freshwaveterms/ to view our terms and conditions for this contest.Issa Rae and Deniese Davis founded ColorCreative.TV to raise awareness for writers from diverse backgrounds, and provide a springboard for their careers by producing and selling their work to digital, network and cable platforms. Last year, ColorCreative.TV launched the “New Normal” contest with Adaptive Studios for their Project Greenlight Digital Studios. The resulting series, “Minimum Wage,” is currently in post-production and is expected to be released by Spring 2017. Talos Films is a full service production company that develops and produces scripted and unscripted content that can be viewed on all media platforms around the world. Talos Films principles are Julian P. Hobbs and Elli Hakami, creative executives with extensive experience and a proven track record of success. Talos Films has a bold and diverse slate of programming for numerous program buyers, informing and entertaining a wide-ranging audience. The company is backed by Sky Vision and October Films. Sky Vision is the production and distribution arm of Sky. The distribution arm represents around 5,000 hours of quality primetime programming from Sky Original Productions and independent third party production, across all key primetime genres (drama, entertainment, factual entertainment and factual). The business also has equity investments in seven production businesses in the UK and US; Love Productions, Blast! Films, Sugar Films and Sky Vision Productions in the UK; and in the US, Jupiter Entertainment, Talos Films and Znak & Co. In addition to its equity investments, Sky Vision works extensively with independent producers in the UK and US and has development deals with a number of production companies including Asylum Entertainment and Peacock Alley in North America; and Avanti Media, Bohemia, Chalkboard, LittleRock Pictures, Merman Films, and Spring Films in the UK.
Alberta pharmacies are no longer permitted to offer Air Miles or other loyalty rewards to patients obtaining prescription drugs, following a ruling Friday from the Alberta Court of Appeal.
The Alberta College of Pharmacists has the authority over its profession to impose a ban on “inducements” — a move the college introduced in 2014 but had been legally stymied from implementing, the appeal court said.
“It's an important decision,” college registrar Greg Eberhart said Friday. “This focuses on how pharmacists, pharmacy technicians and owners of pharmacies conduct themselves.”
The appeal court's decision overturned a 2016 ruling from Court of Queen's Bench Justice Vital Ouellette, who determined the ban was outside the college's mandate since it amounted to interference in the way private businesses choose to operate and compete with each other.
However, the appeal court found Ouellette erred in a number of respects, including applying the wrong legal standard to evaluate the policy.
“In our view, it was an overreach to have construed the policy as being ultra vires (beyond the legal authority) of the college,” the judges said in their written decision. “We hold that the policy is reasonable.”
As a result of the successful appeal, the controversial prohibition takes effect immediately. That means pharmacists and pharmacy technicians are now prevented from offering any incentives — including cash, rewards, coupons, loyalty points and prizes — for prescriptions or professional services.
Eberhart said the college is reaching out to its members to ensure they are compliant with the rules.
“We will move into a monitoring mode and if we are notified that someone is continuing to provide inducements, we will certainly address that,” he said.
The Sobey's grocery chain, which offers Air Miles, filed the legal challenge against the college, but the policy has also drawn opposition from various corporations, consumer groups and patient advocates.
“Obviously, we're disappointed with the decision,” Sobey's West spokeswoman Keri Scobie said Friday. “From our perspective, we do believe there is some value from the incentives that can be provided.”
Scobie said the company's legal team has yet to determine whether an appeal to the Supreme of Court of Canada will be attempted.
Such a move seems dubious, considering the Supreme Court has already declined to hear an appeal of a similar decision from the B.C. Court of Appeal.
Sobey's and other opponents have argued loyalty programs help patients stay on their medications — an assertion that was somewhat backed up by a University of Alberta study earlier this year.
However, Eberhart said the study had limited value since it focused on only one or two drugs and was based on questionable assumptions.
The college has argued incentive programs are not appropriate for health professionals, who should focus on patient care rather than retail sales.
As well, the college said surveys of pharmacists has found strong support for the ban on inducements. This is in part due to concerns that such incentive programs may put patients' health at risk, potentially by encouraging them to buy more drugs than needed, prematurely fill prescriptions or hop from pharmacy to take advantage of specials.
Christopher Bradley, a multiple sclerosis patient from Calgary, said Albertans who must purchase a lot of medication — particularly those with chronic illnesses — will miss the power to acquire loyalty rewards.
“The ability to collect Air Miles on prescriptions has been a huge quality of life factor as I work to adapt to life with this, as yet, incurable disease,” he wrote in an email Friday. “It's a small token in the grand scheme that has allowed me to have family travel from out of province to assist me when I'm going through a rough time.
“There aren't many ‘perks' to having MS, but this could almost be called one.”
Alberta is the sixth province to have some sort of prohibition on pharmacy inducements.
kgerein@postmedia.com
twitter.com/keithgerein
Gmail's rather slick ability to automatically add events to Google Calendar is finally available for Google Apps customers.
Nearly nine months after it launched for the consumer version, Gmail will now mine your messages for flight, hotel, travel, or other ticketed information and automatically create an event in your Google Calendar.
The feature is rolling out for the Google Apps version of Google Calendar on web, Android, and iOS. In a blog post, Google says you'll get a notification in Calendar the first time there's a new event that's been pulled from your email.
Google Apps Blog You'll see a notification about the new feature inside your Google Calendar.
The new capability is rolling out on Google's servers, so there's no app update required for the Android or iOS versions.
Why this matters: This is a tremendously useful feature and a huge time saver. However, the consumer version launched in November of last year, so it's been quite the wait for the feature to go live for paid customers. If you don't like the automatic integration, you'll be able to disable it inside the Google Calendar settings.
This story, "Google Apps customers finally get Gmail's slick Calendar integration" was originally published by Greenbot .
California Sen. [crscore]Dianne Feinstein[/crscore] had to turn to Google during an interview earlier this week when asked to name her former colleague Hillary Clinton's accomplishments in the Senate.
Feinstein, who met with The San Francisco Chronicle's editorial board on Tuesday, ultimately said that Clinton was not in the Senate “long enough…to do more.”
Clinton was elected to the Senate from New York in 2000. She left in January 2009 to serve as secretary of state.
“As someone who worked with Hillary Clinton for nearly a decade in the Senate, what in your view was her signature accomplishment as a senator?” The Chronicle's editorial board asked Feinstein.
“Golly, I forget what bills she's been part of or authored. I didn't really come prepared to discuss this,” said Feinstein, who had planned to pitch a new water plan.
Clinton has been dogged by her flimsy senate record. She authored only three laws during her Senate stint. The legislation designated a highway, post office and government building in New York. She co-sponsored another 74 bills that ultimately passed.
“But she's been a good senator,” said the 82-year-old, who has endorsed Clinton. “There are things outside of bills that you can do, and I know that she's done them for her state.”
Feinstein was able to name one Clinton accomplishment. But that came after she was prompted by an aide, and it pertained to Clinton's work as first lady to get the Child Health Insurance Program off the ground.
“I should have a list,” said Feinstein, who The Chronicle described as “famously well-prepared.”
“Get on Google,” she told an aide.
Feinstein told the editorial board that it is difficult for senators without seniority to make a name for themselves in the upper chamber.
“I couldn't have done that as a freshman (senator) or even as a sophomore,” she said. “[Clinton] was never there long enough to achieve the degree of seniority that affords her the ability to do more.”
But as The Chronicle notes, Feinstein pushed through significant legislation early in her career. Elected in 1992, Feinstein authored the 1994 federal assault weapons ban.
It is unclear what the Feinstein aide's Google search returned.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Group concerned about Houston teacher's anti-Islamic tweets
The local branch of a Muslim civil rights advocacy group on Wednesday called for a review of the Houston Independent School District's social media policy after they said a school teacher posted anti-Islamic messages on Twitter.
The Council on American Islamic Relations-Houston said the tweets, which included the phrase "Embrace Islam and you embrace death" and photos of mutilated children with a comment stating "Islam did this," could make Muslim students feel unsafe and discriminated against at school.
"For anyone, but especially students, to see something like that, is just unconscionable," said Ruth Nasrullah, a spokeswoman for the group.
HISD officials did not respond to requests for comment Tuesday.
Nasrullah said her group has not yet heard back from HISD and would not reveal the name or any more details about the teacher until speaking with administrators.She said the tweets come at a time of increased Islamophobia in Houston and across the country, highlighted by the election of President Donald Trump, who openly called for a travel ban against Muslims during his campaign. Trump has since limited travel from several Muslim-majority countries.
Based on surveys last year, CAIR estimated that half of all Muslim students in the United States had reported being bullied. According to Georgetown University researchers, anti-Muslim violence was "higher in 2015 than pre-9/11 levels with American Muslims approximately 6 to 9 times more likely to suffer such attacks."
Nasrullah said the local group's call also follows a series of anti-Muslim incidents in local schools in recent years.
A senior government and economics teacher at Foster High School in Richmond resigned in 2015 after handing out materials to students that called Muhammad a "false prophet" and described Islam as an "ideology of war."
In 2014, a third-grade HISD teacher was accused of making profane and anti-Muslim remarks on a public access television show.
Nasrullah said her group is not seeking the teacher's resignation.
"We're not looking to be the police of social media," she said. "We don't want to violate anyone's First Amendment rights either. What CAIR is here to do is protect people from this sort of thing."
Nasrullah said her group is also asking HISD to implement diversity and cultural sensitivity training for its employees.
A Texas Education Agency spokeswoman said there are no current state regulations requiring local school districts to address disparaging racial or religious comments, or even adopt a social media policy - some have them, some don't.
TEA has asked the legislature this year to pass a law requiring school districts to adopt an electronic media policy.
Five years ago, auteur director Guillermo del Toro (Cronos, Hellboy, Pan's Labyrinth) set out to create a bold, new vampire series for television — and had every door slammed in his face. But the writer/director was convinced his take on the classic monster would speak to an audience that had grown weary of sparkly fangs and doomed romances. So, along with novelist Chuck Hogan (Prince of Thieves, which became the Ben Affleck-led The Town), del Toro committed his tale to paper and, in June 2009, The Strain hit bookshelves.
However, copies didn't stay there very long, as del Toro's hunch proved correct and his story of an uncontrollable vampiric virus and the five people determined to stop its spread, caught fire, racing up the New York Times' best-seller chart. That's when, in the ultimate irony, dozens of networks attempted to buy the TV rights.
"As soon as the first novel hit the top 10 on the New York Times list, we got calls about the rights," del Toro told BuzzFeed at The ATX Television Festival, with a laugh. "But I wouldn't sell the rights until the trilogy was published because I didn't want to be thinking about the movie or TV show during the writing process." After two equally popular sequels — 2010's The Fall and 2011's The Night Eternal — del Toro quickly partnered with cable channel FX and executive producer Carlton Cuse (Lost) to bring the gory saga to screen.
And while del Toro makes it very clear that he defers to Cuse when it comes to running the show, his fingerprints are all over every episode. "I supervise every single shot in the show," said del Toro, who co-wrote and directed the pilot episode, which airs July 13. "Every piece of FX you see in the first season is guided by me, I do the final color correction on every episode, I go to Saturday unit when they're shooting the monsters when I can and assist the guys shooting. I discuss my suggestions with Carlton; now and then I fiddle with the scripts, but I know in my heart of hearts that Carlton is king and I follow his lead — but I do want to be part of the whole thing."
Google Rejects Postal For Google Play Store Due To Violence; GTA Games Still Available For Purchase
from the bang-bang dept
We all know that in the land of mobile applications, Apple has long seen itself as the keeper of the moral compass, gently navigating humanity towards the City upon a Hill one rejected phone-game at a time. The reasons for refusal have varied, from the inclusion of fictional narcotics, to the slight chance somebody somewhere might see a breast or a penis, all the way up to a moral stance against comic books, because this is apparently the nineteen-twenties. And through it all, those of us that use Android devices have held up Google's Play store as a nanny-free alternative, free of censorship and hypocrisy.
Well, no more. Google, it appears, has rejected a mobile version of the infamous game Postal over the violent content within the game.
Postal won't be making it to Android devices. Why? Because apparently it has been rejected from the Google Play Store because it contains "GRATUITOUS VIOLENCE."
"We know many of you have been excited that POSTAL is going to be made available on Android devices, but it seems we have hit a bit of a snag. Unfortunately it appears POSTAL has been rejected from Google Play due to it containing "GRATUITOUS VIOLENCE". Sadly this means it won't be welcomed alongside the Grand Theft Auto series, Carmageddon and horde of Zombie games on Google Play."
Oh, dear. It appears a second nanny has entered the game, as though we poor gamers were somehow caught in between a vice constructed of Mrs. Doubtfire and Mr. Belvedere, each pressing in on us for the high crime of simply wanting to play a damned game. We're adults, after all, or at least many of us gamers are these days. Thirty-five or so, that's the average age of a gamer today. We don't need to be coddled and protected from gaming violence,. Or, again, some of us do, but that's a choice for the consumer, not the platform.And specifically not for a platform whose decision plunges it into the depths of hypocrisy. As the original forum post over at Running With Scissors notes, it's not as though keepingout of Google Play preserves some violence-free app-Utopia It's a point well-made and a point not designed to take aim ator zombie games. The sights are set on Google's hypocrisy instead. I imagine the looks of surprise on the faces of the game designers were severe when the rejection notice came. The Play store was ourto this kind of nonsense. Perhaps we'll have to go elsewhere in the future.
Filed Under: Google Play Store, postal, prudes, video games, violence
Companies: google
The implicit bias test
Ever since Microsoft's chatbot Tay started spouting racist commentary after 24 hours of interacting with humans on Twitter, it has been obvious that our AI creations can fall prey to human prejudice. Now a group of researchers has figured out one reason why that happens. Their findings shed light on more than our future robot overlords, however. They've also worked out an algorithm that can actually predict human prejudices based on an intensive analysis of how people use English online.
Many AIs are trained to understand human language by learning from a massive corpus known as the Common Crawl. The Common Crawl is the result of a large-scale crawl of the Internet in 2014 that contains 840 billion tokens, or words. Princeton Center for Information Technology Policy researcher Aylin Caliskan and her colleagues wondered whether that corpus—created by millions of people typing away online—might contain biases that could be discovered by algorithm. To figure it out, they turned to an unusual source: the Implicit Association Test (IAT), which is used to measure often unconscious social attitudes.
People taking the IAT are asked to put words into two categories. The longer it takes for the person to place a word in a category, the less they associate the word with the category. (If you'd like to take an IAT, there are several online at Harvard University.) IAT is used to measure bias by asking people to associate random words with categories like gender, race, disability, age, and more. Outcomes are often unsurprising: for example, most people associate women with family, and men with work. But that obviousness is actually evidence for the IAT's usefulness in discovering people's latent stereotypes about each other. (It's worth noting that there is some debate among social scientists about the IAT's accuracy.)
Using the IAT as a model, Caliskan and her colleagues created the Word-Embedding Association Test (WEAT), which analyzes chunks of text to see which concepts are more closely associated than others. The "word-embedding" part of the test comes from a project at Stanford called GloVe, which packages words together into "vector representations," basically lists of associated terms. So the word "dog," if represented as a word-embedded vector, would be composed of words like puppy, doggie, hound, canine, and all the various dog breeds. The idea is to get at the concept of dog, not the specific word. This is especially important if you are working with social stereotypes, where somebody might be expressing ideas about women by using words like "girl" or "mother." To keep things simple, the researchers limited each concept to 300 vectors.
To see how concepts get associated with each other online, the WEAT looks at a variety of factors to measure their "closeness" in text. At a basic level, Caliskan told Ars, this means how many words apart the two concepts are, but it also accounts for other factors like word frequency. After going through an algorithmic transform, closeness in the WEAT is equivalent to the time it takes for a person to categorize a concept in the IAT. The further apart the two concepts, the more distantly they are associated in people's minds.
The WEAT worked beautifully to discover biases that the IAT had found before. "We adapted the IAT to machines," Caliskan said. And what that tool revealed was that "if you feed AI with human data, that's what it will learn. [The data] contains biased information from language." That bias will affect how the AI behaves in the future, too. As an example, Caliskan made a video (see above) where she shows how the Google Translate AI actually mistranslates words into the English language based on stereotypes it has learned about gender.
Imagine an army of bots unleashed on the Internet, replicating all the biases that they learned from humanity. That's the future we're looking at if we don't build some kind of corrective for the prejudices in these systems.
A problem that AI can't solve
Though Caliskan and her colleagues found language was full of biases based on prejudice and stereotypes, it was also full of latent truths as well. In one test, they found strong associations between the concept of woman and the concept of nursing. This reflects a truth about reality, which is that nursing is a majority female profession.
"Language reflects facts about the world," Caliskan told Ars. She continued:
Removing bias or statistical facts about the world will make the machine model less accurate. But you can't easily remove bias, so you have to learn how to work with it. We are self-aware, we can decide to do the right thing instead of the prejudiced option. But machines don't have self awareness. An expert human might be able to aid in [the AIs'] decision-making process so the outcome isn't stereotyped or prejudiced for a given task.
The solution to the problem of human language is... humans. "I can't think of many cases where you wouldn't need a human to make sure that the right decisions are being made," concluded Caliskan. "A human would know the edge cases for whatever the application is. Once they test the edge cases they can make sure it's not biased."
So much for the idea that bots will be taking over human jobs. Once we have AIs doing work for us, we'll need to invent new jobs for humans who are testing the AIs' results for accuracy and prejudice. Even when chatbots get incredibly sophisticated, they are still going to be trained on human language. And since bias is built into language, humans will still be necessary as decision-makers.
In a recent paper for Science about their work, the researchers say the implications are far-reaching. "Our findings are also sure to contribute to the debate concerning the Sapir Whorf hypothesis," they write. "Our work suggests that behavior can be driven by cultural history embedded in a term's historic use. Such histories can evidently vary between languages." If you watched the movie Arrival, you've probably heard of Sapir Whorf—it's the hypothesis that language shapes consciousness. Now we have an algorithm that suggests this may be true, at least when it comes to stereotypes.
Caliskan said her team wants to branch out and try to find as-yet-unknown biases in human language. Perhaps they could look for patterns created by fake news or look into biases that exist in specific subcultures or geographical locations. They would also like to look at other languages, where bias is encoded very differently than it is in English.
"Let's say in the future, someone suspects there's a bias or stereotype in a certain culture or location," Caliskan mused. "Instead of testing with human subjects first, which takes time, money, and effort, they can get text from that group of people and test to see if they have this bias. It would save so much time."
Science, 2017. DOI: 10.1126/science.aal4230
Arizona Republican Representative Paul Gosar introduced a resolution in Congress that would weaken regulations limiting oil and natural gas drilling within national parks.
The move was noted in a release by the self-billed “independent, nonpartisan” National Parks Conservation Association (NPCA) which breaks it down like this: The resolution, named H.J. Res. 46, would eliminate the 9B regulations passed by the Obama administration in November 2016 to oversee drilling on federal land. The so-called “split-estate” situation involves land acquired by the federal government for national parks where private owners maintain their rights to potentially lucrative minerals underground.
Rep. Gosar said in a statement that his resolution would eliminate regulations that he believes “jeopardize significant investments made by job creators, states and private companies.” He went on to note that “the federal government has no right to impose job-killing regulations for private and state-owned oil and natural gas wells not owned by the federal government, especially when these wells are already subject to existing environmental regulations.”
Some key split-estate parks include Everglades National Park in Florida, the Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming, the Flight 93 Memorial in Pennsylvania, and the Grand Canyon National Recreation Area.
It's also important to note that due to this particularly quirky legal status, there are a dozen national parks that currently have oil and gas operations—including Big Cypress National Park in Florida, with 20 active wells, and Lake Meredith Recreation Area in Texas, with 174 active wells.
According to Nicholas Lund, senior manager for the NPCA's Landscape Conservation Program, the 9B regulations weren't considered controversial when they were introduced, though industry groups such as The Independent Petroleum Association of America, Western Energy Alliance, and the American Exploration & Production Council filed comments in opposition to the proposed rule. The regulations brought wells under National Park Service regulations, removed a cap on financial bonding requirements for drillers (basically fronting a deposit to pay for any potential damages), and strengthened enforcement powers.
But Lund believes the resolution, which would roll back the safeguards found in the 9B rules, will threaten national park land and potentially damage surface lands and waters. And, due to the stipulations of the Congressional Review Act, if this resolution is passed, it will take Congressional approval to re-instate the regulations.
“It's beyond me why the Congress would want to do this to national parks,” Lund says.
We have reached out to Congressman Gosar's office and will update the story once we receive comment. Gosar has previously spoken out against President Obama's conservation actions, and in a release, said:
President Obama has exceeded the intent of the Antiquities Act more than any other president in the history of this country. To date, he has designated or expanded 27 national monuments. These unilateral declarations have locked up 548,744,157.31 million acres of land and water.
Update: Congressman Gosar has released a statement on the resolution.
For a historian of such eminence, Bayly was not only unassuming, if strongly principled, but also a scholar who unusually refused to reproduce himself intellectually or, indeed, set up a ‘Bayly School' to replace the Cambridge one he so disliked. (Source: Youtube)
Affectionately called Chris by those who knew him, Professor Sir Christopher Alan Bayly died unexpectedly on April 18, just short of his 70th birthday. He was about to finish his stint as the first Vivekananda Professor at the University of Chicago, a position that should have been unthinkable for him to hold. For there exists a famous rivalry between the postcolonial school of Indian history that dominates the American university and the imperial one long prevalent at Cambridge, where Bayly was Vere Harmsworth Professor of Imperial and Naval History.
Advertising
But then Bayly spent much of his career doing the unthinkable, remarkable for someone widely regarded as a true representative of the academic establishment. Early in his career, for example, he abandoned the so-called Cambridge School, which saw Indians as motivated by interests rather than ideas, and studied them as if in some behaviourist experiment.
Having freed himself from one kind of orthodoxy, Bayly went on to challenge many of the conventions of his field, but with such grace and erudition that he never received a reputation for radicalism or even provocation. There was, for instance, his 1997 book, Origins of Nationality in South Asia: Patriotism and Ethical Government in the Making of Modern India, in which Bayly looked at the way in which pre-colonial forms of belonging and identification in northern India went into the making of South Asia's nationalisms.
His efforts to recognise the role of Indians in their history sometimes resulted in Bayly being accused of making South Asians responsible for their own colonisation. However, this would mistake the tenacity with which he worked to make visible the complex, if hierarchical, interconnections that shaped not only India, but Europe and the world as well. His 2004 book, The Birth of the Modern World: Global Connections and Comparisons, 1780-1914, rewrote world history to make precisely this point — there exists no linear trajectory of historical influence or agency.
Having ranged in his interests from the merchants of Benares in Rulers, Townsmen and Bazaars: North Indian Society in the Age of British Expansion, 1780-1870, to the control of information that made colonial rule possible in Empire and Information: Intelligence Gathering and Social Communication in India, 1780-1870, in recent years, Bayly had turned to both a study of the world and of postcolonial India. The latter subject he pursued through the medium of intellectual history.
The result was a series of extraordinary essays on the making of independent India that focused on men like Madan Mohan Malaviya and S. Radhakrishnan, Radhakamal Mukerjee and his own supervisor at Oxford, S. Gopal. His last book, published in 2012 as the 100th volume of the prestigious Cambridge series in political thought, Ideas in Context, was Recovering Liberties: Indian Thought in the Age of Liberalism and Empire. It brought Bayly's scholarly career to exactly the opposite position from where it had started, looking at the importance of ideas in the history of the Indian republic.
For a historian of such eminence, Bayly was not only unassuming, if strongly principled, but also a scholar who unusually refused to reproduce himself intellectually or, indeed, set up a “Bayly School” to replace the Cambridge one he so disliked. Instead, he sought to get the best out of his students, many of them distinguished scholars in their own right, whatever it was they wanted to do. This was a mark of Bayly's intellectual confidence, generosity and openness to new ideas.
One evening last year, when his Cambridge colleague, Shruti Kapila, and I were planning a conference celebrating his life and work, we dined with Bayly. He said two things that reveal something about his character. He didn't want the event to be about him, but preferred a conversation with friends and students about their own work — the event was to be, he repeated often, an anti-festschrift. The second remark was on the practices to which he attributed his own achievement. Always make time for your students and peers, Bayly said, and rarely for your superiors.
Advertising
The writer is University Reader in Modern South Asian History and fellow of St Antony's College at the University of Oxford, where he is also director of the Asian Studies Centre.
Map of the Black Sea
The Black Sea deluge is the most well known of three hypothetical flood scenarios proposed for the Late Quaternary history of the Black Sea. It is one of the two of these flood scenarios proposing a rapid, even catastrophic, rise in sea level of the Black Sea occurred during the Late Quaternary.[1][2]
Black Sea deluge hypothesis [ edit ]
Black Sea today (light blue) and in 5,600 BC (dark blue) according to the hypothesis by Ryan and Pitman
In 1997, William Ryan, Walter Pitman and their colleagues first published the Black Sea deluge hypothesis. They proposed that a catastrophic inflow of Mediterranean seawater into the Black Sea freshwater lake occurred at 7,200 BP.[3] Before that date, glacial meltwater had turned the Black and Caspian Seas into vast freshwater lakes draining into the Aegean Sea. As glaciers retreated, some of the rivers emptying into the Black Sea declined in volume and changed course to drain into the North Sea. The levels of the lakes dropped through evaporation, while changes in worldwide hydrology caused overall sea level to rise. The rising Mediterranean finally spilled over a rocky sill at the Bosporus. The event flooded 155,000 km2 (60,000 sq mi) of land and significantly expanded the Black Sea shoreline to the north and west. According to the researchers, "40 km3 (10 cu mi) of water poured through each day, two hundred times the flow of Niagara Falls. The Bosporus valley roared and surged at full spate for at least three hundred days. They argued that the catastrophic inflow of seawater resulted from an abrupt sea-level jump that accompanied the Laurentide Ice Sheet collapse and the following breaching of a bedrock barrier in the Bosporus strait. As proposed, the Early Holocene Black Sea flood scenario describes events that would have profoundly affected prehistoric settlement in eastern Europe and adjacent parts of Asia and possibly was the basis of oral history concerning Noah's Flood.[3] Some archaeologists support this theory as an explanation for the lack of Neolithic period sites in northern Turkey.[4][5][6] In 2003, Ryan and coauthors revised the dating of the Early Holocene Noah's Flood to 8,400 BP.[7]
Popular discussion of the Early Holocene Black Sea flood scenario proposed by William Ryan, Walter Pitman and their colleagues was headlined in The New York Times in December 1996.[8] and later published as a book.[9]
Late Pleistocene Great Flood hypothesis [ edit ]
In 2003 and 2007, a different catastrophic flood scenario was proposed for the Late Quaternary sea level rise of the Black Sea.[1][2][10] The hypothesis for their Late Pleistocene Great Flood argues that brackish Neoeuxinian Lake, which occupied the Black Sea basin, was rapidly inundated by glacial meltwater overflow from the Caspian Sea via the Manych-Kerch Spillway shortly after the Late Glacial Maximum, about 17,000–14,000 BP. These extensive meltwater flooding events linked several lacustrine and marine water bodies starting with the southern edge of the Scandinavian and southward, through spillways to the Manych-Kerch and Bosphorus, ultimately forming what has been referred to as the Cascade of Eurasian Basins.[11] This event is argued to have caused a rapid, if not catastrophic rise in the level of the Black Sea. Theoretically it would have imposed substantial stresses upon coeval human populations and remained in cultural memory as the Great Flood. The authors also suggested that the event might have stimulated the beginning of shipping and horse domestication.[1][11]
Gradual inundation of the Black Sea hypothesis [ edit ]
In addition to the Early Holocene Noah's Flood scenario proposed by William Ryan, Walter Pitman and their colleagues[3][7] and the Caspian Sea overflow scenario proposed by Andrei L. Chepalyga,[10][11] the non-catastrophic progressive flood model (or gradual inflow model) has been proposed to explain the Late Quaternary sea level history of the Black Sea.[2][12] For the progressive flood model, it is argued that as early as 11,000 or 10,000 BP, the level of the Black Sea rose above the shallowest sill depth of about 30 m (98 ft) in the Bosporus Strait and spilled into the Marmara Sea. At least for the first 1,000 years this connection was a one-way outflow of the Black Sea into a very shallow Marmara Sea. At about 8,000 BP, the level of the Marmara Sea rose high enough such that a two-way flow started. The evidence used to support this scenario includes the disparate ages of sapropel deposition in the eastern Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea; buried backstepping barrier islands observed on the Black Sea shelf; and a sub-aqueous delta composed of Black Sea sediments in the Marmara Sea near the Bosporus Strait.[13][14][15]
Controversy [ edit ]
The Post-Glacial Sea Level.
The brief sensation caused by Ryan and Pitman has turned into an ongoing controversy. Critiques of the deluge hypothesis focus on the magnitude or the pace of the water level rise or both. With enough blurring of these features the hypothesis is voided. However, a few key points should be noted:
Since the ending of the last glacial period the global sea level has risen some 120 m (390 ft). The process took approximately 10,000 years and abated about 7,600 years ago.
The flood hypothesis hinges on the geomorphology of the Bosphorus since the end of The Glacial Age. [16] The Black Sea area has been sealed off and reconnected numerous times during the last 500,000 years. [17]
The Black Sea area has been sealed off and reconnected numerous times during the last 500,000 years. Various methods have been used to study and date (e.g., sea floor drillings, radiocarbon dating, biological markers) the recent evolution of the Black Sea. The heterogeneous data do not fit into a neat frame, which precludes the confirmation for a sharply defined event.
The Black Sea flood hypothesis concerns an event supposed to have occurred during the last 10,000–12,000 years[ clarification needed ] with the water level rising rapidly enough to cause easily noticeable effects.[ citation needed ]
Opponents of the deluge hypothesis point to clues that water has been flowing out of the Black Sea basin as late as 15,000 years ago.[18] The local level must have been higher than the current-then-global level which had already risen from the last glacial minimum. In order to produce a Black Sea flooding such as the one described by Ryan and Pitman a solid obstruction of the Turkish Straits should have occurred. It must have had a significant height to allow for a rise on the south side, while to the north the water level should have been dropping. A notable point here is that the low lands in the Black Sea's basin would have already been flooded.[citation needed]
In this alternative scenario, much depends on the evolution of the Bosphorus. According to a study from 2001 the modern sill is 32–34 m (105–112 ft) below sea level, and consists of Quaternary sand over-lying Paleozoic bedrock in which three sills are found at 80–85 m (260–280 ft) below sea level. Sedimentation on these sills started before 10,000 years ago and continued until 5,300 years ago.[19]
A large part of the academic geological community also continues to reject the idea that there could have been enough sustained long-term pressure by water from the Aegean to dig through a supposed isthmus at the present Bosphorus or enough of a difference in water levels (if at all) between the two water basins.[20]
In 2007, a research anthology on the topic was published which makes much of the earlier Russian research available in English for the first time and combines it with more recent scientific findings.[21]
According to a 2009 study by Liviu Giosan, Florin Filip [ro], and Stefan Constatinescu,[22] the level in the Black Sea before the marine reconnection was 30 m (100 ft) below present sea level, rather than the 80 m (260 ft), or lower, of the catastrophe theories. If the flood occurred at all, the sea level increase and the flooded area during the reconnection were significantly smaller than previously proposed. It also occurred earlier than initially surmised, c. 7400 BCE, rather than the originally proposed 5600 BCE. Since the depth of the Bosphorus, in its middle furrow, at present varies from 36 to 124 m (118 to 407 ft), with an average depth of 65 m (213 ft), a calculated stone age shoreline in the Black Sea lying 30 m (100 ft) lower than in the present day would imply that the contact with the Mediterranean might never have been broken during the Holocene, and hence there could have been no sudden waterfall-style transgression.[22]
A February 2009 article reported that the flooding could have been "quite mild".[23]
A 2012 study based on process length variation of the dinoflagellate cyst Lingulodinium machaerophorum shows no evidence for catastrophic flooding.[24]
A 2016 study reviewed the evidence accumulated and reaffirmed the catastrophic scenario (Project: DO02-337 "Ancient coastlines of the Black Sea and conditions for human presence", sponsored by Bulgarian Scientific Fund).[25]
See also [ edit ]
References and sources [ edit ]
References
Sources
An updated version of the one I did years ago, with the look of the new Smash 4 for Wii U. It includes:
Sonic the Hedgehog: Tails, Sonic, Knuckles, Amy, Shadow, Silver, Rouge, Blaze, Team Chaotix (Espio, Vector, and Charmy; swap out like PKMN Trainer in Brawl), Eggman, and Metal Sonic.
NiGHTS of NiGHTS. Golden Axe: Ax Battler, Tyris Flare, Gilius Thunderhead, and Death Adder. Centurion of Altered Beast. Joe Musashi of Shinobi. Streets of Rage: Axel Stone, Skate Hunter, and Blaze Fielding. Harrier of Space Harrier. Bonanza Bros (team like Ice Climbers). Alex Kidd of Alex Kidd. Beat of Jet Set Radio. Ulala of Space Channel 5. Burning Rangers: Tillus and Shou. Sketch Turner of Comix Zone. Rent-A-Hero of Rent-A-Hero (male or female option). Vyse of Skies of Arcadia. Kid Chameleon of Kid Chameleon. Eternal Champions: Shadow Yamoto and Larcen Tyler. Virtua Fighter: Akira Yuki and Jacky Bryant. AiAi of Super Monkey Ball. Billy Hatcher of Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg. Samba of Samba de Amigo. Toejam and Earl of Toejam and Earl (swap like Zelda/Sheik). Grace of Fighting Vipers. Ryo Hazuki of Shenmue. James Taylor of House of the Dead. DB Joe of Crazy Taxi. Phantasy Star: Alis Landale and HUmar. Bayonetta of Bayonetta. Vectorman of Vectorman.
Made entirely in Photoshop CS 2. I know I'm outdated. But yeah.
Let me know what you think.
At the moment, Microsoft has three operating systems for consumers to use in their hardware devices: Windows 8.1, Windows RT 8.1 and Windows Phone 8. But what happens in the future? Will one or more of those systems get the boot? Julie Larson-Green, the Executive Vice President, Devices and Studios, for Microsoft, hinted this week that is indeed going to be the case.
In a Q&A held this week during the UBS Global Technology Summit (and transcribed by Microsoft) Larson-Green had this to say on where they see the entire Windows ecosystem going in the future:
We have the Windows Phone OS. We have Windows RT and we have full Windows. We're not going to have three. We do think there's a world where there is a more mobile operating system that doesn't have the risks to battery life, or the risks to security. But, it also comes at the cost of flexibility. So we believe in that vision and that direction and we're continuing down that path.
Microsoft has already made steps towards integrating its versions of Windows, including most recently merging its Windows Store and Windows Phone Store accounts for developers. This could lead to a unified platform for publishing apps for both Windows Phone and Windows 8.1 without the need for separate code bases or store fronts.
During the same Q&A, Larson-Green gave a general tease about what their upcoming hardware products would be like, saying, "We're just getting started. So it's going to be lots of fun. I think we have a lot of exciting things coming. Next year you'll start to see some really exciting things."
Source: Microsoft | Image via Microsoft
A Yahoo! News story published today equates concerns about police brutality, the militarization of law enforcement and videotaping cops with wanting to carry out violent murders of police officers.
In a piece entitled Online rants, anti-government radicals fuel fear of U.S. cop killings, Senior National Reporter for Yahoo! Jason Sickles cites the murders of Las Vegas police officers Alyn Beck and Igor Soldo last month to make the case that there is “an exploding right-wing movement” which is “creating anxiety about attacks against police.”
Sickle notes that cop killer Jerad Miller posted of his intention to murder law enforcement officers on a Facebook page belonging to Cop Block, an organization that encourages citizens to document examples of police brutality. The fact that the organization has over 780,000 Facebook fans, all but one of whom have never murdered a police officer, doesn't prevent Sickles from honing in on the group as being partly responsible for the deaths of Beck and Soldo.
After spending almost the entire article equating the murders with Cop Block, Sickles then notes that the organization, “encourages the public to submit home videos, photos and stories of rogue officers for discussion.”
The hit piece then broadens out into the wider implication that concerns expressed online about, “the economic crisis, proposed gun control, Barack Obama's election, NSA spying and the militarization of police,” are intimately connected with violent extremism and attacks against police officers.
The article makes no mention whatsoever of the innumerable examples in recent years of police officers murdering citizens, which far outnumber fatal attacks by citizens against cops.
Sickle fails to cite the case of Kelly Thomas, a homeless man who was pummeled into a coma as he begged for his life during an incident in 2011. The Fullerton, California police officers responsible for his murder were acquitted.
The article also omits a more recent case involving 38-year-old James Boyd, who was executed by Albuquerque Police Department officers for the crime of camping illegally on a remote hill. The Albuquerque Police Department alone has been responsible for murdering 26 people since 2010, many of them mentally disabled, a statistic which didn't stop the department from recently acquiring 350 assault rifles.
The number of Americans killed by police in the United States now outnumbers the amount of U.S. troops killed in Iraq. Over 5,000 Americans have been killed by cops since 9/11, a figure that suggests,”Americans should be more fearful of the local cops than “terrorists,” writes Katie Rucke.
To illustrate the sheer scale of the violent threat posed to the public by police officers, in cities like Seattle, 20% of all homicides are carried out by cops.
According to a recent ACLU investigation, the excessive militarization of American policing, which has contributed to cops treating citizens “like wartime enemies,” has contributed to a huge increase in injuries and deaths.
In comparison, although 2014 saw a spike, the general trend shows that police officers themselves have never been safer in the line of duty, with the number of cops killed by citizens dropping to a 50 year low back in January.
These statistics, none of which were included in Sickles' smear piece, clearly illustrate that police officers pose a far deadlier violent threat to the American people than vice versa. That doesn't justify violence against cops, but it does underscore the fact that concerns about police brutality are rooted in a very real problem and cannot be blamed on politically driven arguments about anti-government extremism as Sickles attempts to portray in his factually bankrupt hit piece.
Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
FOLLOW Paul Joseph Watson @ https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
You know what the best thing about this car is? It's listed for sale on eBay right here in the United States, and specifically, in Illinois.
To my knowledge, Nissan never made a GT-R version of the Nissan Stagea station wagon, but the tuning and aftermarket industry took advantage of its Nissan Skyline roots to convert a number of them into GT-R replicas.
We're not only talking about cosmetics here, but also about the mechanicals of the GT-R, as is the case with this Nissan Stagea that was previously owned and built by Ross Petty, a well-known figure in the drifting sports world.
Petty didn't transplant that GT-R face on the Stagea just for looks, as behind it lies a full mechanical conversion from a R34 GT-R, with the 2.6-liter twin-turbocharged straight-six RB26DETT engine said to be currently running on 18psi.
The current owner of the vehicle says he spent some $5k within the last year for “maintenance and upkeep” changing among other things the old turbos with new ones and realigning the front end for a better look.
It could be yours for $36,000 or less, as the seller is accepting offers.
If you like this kind of conversions, check out this 1972 Skyline GT-R faced Stagea and this GT-R R35-faced Stagea.
Photo Gallery
A cancer-stricken boy who became an internet star after his father dressed up as his fictional hero, Spider-Man, to cheer him up has died peacefully in his sleep.
Jayden Wilson died at home in Basingtstoke, Hampshire, on Christmas Eve with his parents and sister nearby.
The five-year-old had been battling a brain tumour for more than a year.
Scroll down for video
Jayden Wilson (pictured with parents Lou and Mike and his sister Ella) died peacefully in his sleep following a lengthy battle with cancer
Last month he became an internet star when his father shared a video online of himself dressing up as Spider-Man to surprise his son on his fifth birthday.
Yesterday his parents paid tribute to the child they described as 'the most inspiring person ever'.
Writing on the family's Facebook page, Mike Wilson said: 'Late on Christmas Eve, Jayden Died peacefully in his sleep, warm in his bed.
'He looked so relaxed with a very subtle grin on his face. We believe he waited to be out of hospital to be with his family in the safest place he knew.
'Jayden had such a happy life. What an incredible 5 years. Jayden to us, is the most inspiring person ever, fighting this tumor with all his might.
'We now remember Jayden as that cheeky little chappy, always smiling, playing with his favourite toys, on his scooter, enjoying school, and playing with his friends.
'We will never forget this little Spartan Warrior.'
Just hours before his death, the family posted a photograph expressing their joy at spending Christmas together.
The five-year-old Spider-Man enthusiast had been battling a brain tumour for more than a year
Jayden became an internet hit when his father pretended to be Spider-Man for a surprise visit on his birthday
A video of Mr Wilson surprising his son in costume was shared more than 20,000 times online
Jayden with his family celebrating his fifth birthday last month. The five-year-old had been battling a brain tumour when he died peacefully on Christmas Eve
Mr Wilson (in costume above with Jayden on his fifth birthday) paid tribute to 'the most inspiring' child
'A goal of ours for this year was to wake up on Christmas Day together just the 4 of us. So happy to be spending it together again,' Mr Wilson wrote, accompanied with a picture of Jayden, his sister Ella and their parents in the family's car.
Last month the family received an outpouring of support when Mr Wilson shared a video of himself pretending to be Spider-Man on Jayden's birthday online.
Thousands of people left wishes of support and donations on the family's Facebook and GoFundMe pages.
Saying a cube is a cube is to completely ignore the testimony of sectors on an agar plate and the gourmet mushroom industry's practice of isolating sub strains of mushrooms for various characteristics such as size or texture. It is also the equivalent of saying all humans are the same because they are human. Substrains (or better said phenotypes) are not far fetched in mushrooms, there is much proof. Please stop saying that. Lenghten the window of psilocybin production. This is achevied by reducing temps to the lowest possible in any species. If you can't master cubes what makes you think moving too hard to grow species will fix it? It's just a band-aid. Some of those species are extremely potent and very hard to grow. Master the cube first then decide if a more potent species might actually be too potent (for the many).
With Update 2.45, we are adding a new Omega Level system to offer a new way for characters to progress beyond level 200.
Goals
Offer infinite progression beyond level 200
Showcase the experience earned beyond level 200 with cosmetic rewards
Offer useful bonuses for moving up Omega levels
Not increase the power of characters beyond level 200
How It Works
Cosmetic Rewards
Useful Rewards
5 pods
1 market slot
1 slot in merchant mode
Conversion of Prior Experience
The Omega levels provide useful and cosmetic bonuses, but will not make certain characters (with huge amounts of experience) more powerful than the others.
These levels are unlimited, so there is no risk that certain characters would have already attained the maximum Omega level immediately on the release of Update 2.45.
We do not envisage competitive challenges surrounding the Omega levels, and therefore we didn't have any particular reason to start all players at Omega level 0.
Q & A
Are you planning a competition or specific rewards for characters that reach the highest Omega levels?
Will There Be Achievements for Attaining Omega Levels?
Do you plan to introduce power bonuses for Omega levels?
This system's goals are as follows:Once level 200 is reached, your characters will unlock a new progression gauge (the Omega levels).These levels will not increase the characters' power, but they will unlock cosmetic and useful rewards.These levels are unlimited; they will be "quick" to unlock at first but will progressively require more and more experience.The secondary character bonus will apply in Omega levels. For example, if you have Character A at Omega level 50 and Character B at Omega level 10 on the same account, Character B will receive double experience until it reaches Omega level 50.Characters will be able to unlock two types of rewards at specific Omega levels: ornaments and auras.Characters' Omega levels will be visible in-game when mousing over a character (this option can be deactivated) and in most social interfaces.For each Omega level, characters will earn useful bonuses (that have no impact on combat):Experience points earned after reaching level 200 up until the release of Update 2.45 will be converted and applied to the Omega gauge.With the launch of Update 2.45, characters that had previously continued to acquire experience beyond level 200 may potentially reach Omega level X when they first log in.We decided to favor converting prior experience gains for several reasons:No, we are not planning any competitions around Omega levels (other than the experience rankings already present on the official website), nor any specific rewards for characters that reach the highest Omega levels.The most effective ways to earn huge amounts of experience are generally based on extensive use of several accounts and an "industrial" repetition of identical content (the same dungeons with set class compositions to maximize gains, for example).We do not want to encourage the use of these methods by promoting them via competitions or exclusive rewards.Ideally, we would like for the most efficient methods to maximize experience gains in DOFUS to be much "healthier", but we are not in a position to achieve this in the short or medium term. This is a very long-term objective for us, one that we have already started to address via dynamic placements at the start of fights, and diversifying ways to earn experience.We do not plan to add Achievements for attaining Omega levels. We feel that the current Achievements that reward attainment of classic levels are sufficient, and we prefer to limit Achievements to the most deserving activities (completing content and more difficult content).We have no plans to add additional power with the Omega levels in the short, medium or long term. As with the spell variants that are obtained between levels 100 and 200, we do not want a considerable investment in experience after level 200 to be necessary to optimize your characters.We feel that attaining level 200 takes enough time for new players who progress "normally" (without multiple accounts and without outside help).
"Jo Jo the Dog Faced Boy" redirects here. For Annette Funicello song, see Jo Jo the Dog Faced Boy (song)
A portrait of Jeftichew
Fedor Adrianovich Jeftichew (Russian: Фёдор Адрианович Евтищев, Fyodor Yevtishchev, 1868 - January 31, 1904), better known as Jo-Jo the Dog-Faced Boy (later Jo-Jo the Dog-Faced Man), was a famous Russian sideshow performer who was brought to the United States of America by P.T. Barnum.[1]
Biography [ edit ]
Born in St. Petersburg, Russia in 1868, Fedor Jeftichew suffered from the medical condition hypertrichosis. He toured with his father, Adrian, who developed the same ailment and had performed in French circuses. He continued to tour with his son before his death. Fedor eventually signed a contract with P.T. Barnum, who brought him to the United States in 1884, when he was sixteen.
Barnum created a story that involved a hunter in Kostroma who tracked Fedor and his father to their cave and captured them. Barnum described Adrian as a savage who could not be civilized. Barnum made a point of stressing Fedor's resemblance to a dog, and explained that when he was upset he would bark and growl. In the show, Fedor obliged by doing so.
Fedor spoke Russian, German, and English, and toured Europe and the United States extensively.
He died in Salonica, Greece, then part of the Ottoman Empire, from pneumonia on January 31, 1904.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Gallery [ edit ]
Fedor with his father
Fedor Jeftichew, c. 14 years of age.
before 1904
between 1888-1896
References [ edit ]
^ Un monsieur de l'Orchestre, Les Coulisses de l'Homme-Chien, Le Figaro , no 290, 17 octobre 1873, page 3-4
Bibliography [ edit ]
AT 1:30 A.M. ON THE MORNING OF NOV. 15, 1982, 31-year-old Janet Harduvel, wife of an Air Force fighter pilot, was awakened by a knock at the front door of her suburban Tampa home. Through the window she saw the outline of a team of military officers and flung the door open to ask, “Am I a widow?”
Five hours earlier her husband, respected instructor pilot Capt. Ted Harduvel, 35, had led a flight of four F-16 fighter planes on a training mission in the sky above South Korea. Seven minutes into the flight he radioed, “I've got a problem,” and a moment later flew, upside down, into a mountain.
As unreal as that grim news seemed, there was something else that Janet simply could not accept: the Air Force's official explanation 45 days later that it was Ted Harduvel's misreading of his instruments—”pilot error”—that had caused the crash.
Janet, who had served as her husbands study partner while he went over the F-16's specifications, became convinced that the true cause was a malfunction in the plane's electrical system. Prevented by law from suing the Air Force itself, Janet, in a herculean effort chronicled in the HBO movie Afterburn (first telecast: May 30. See review, page 13), did win a 1987 judgment, which found General Dynamics, the plane's manufacturer, liable for defects in the jet and awarded her $3.1 million in compensatory damages.
Although that monetary judgment was later reversed on a legal technicality, Janet—played in the film by Laura Dern—still claims victory. “It was a question of honor—Ted's honor,” she says. “I couldn't live with the epitaph: ‘Here lies Ted Harduvel, world's greatest fighter pilot—until he got stupid.' ”
The second of four children of a Long Island, N.Y., wine salesman and his waitress wife, Janet met 1st Lt. Ted Harduvel in 1973 while working her way through the University of Tampa as a cocktail waitress in the officers' club at MacDill Air Force Base. They married in 1974, and six years later their only child, a daughter, Kiki, was born.
In 1980, Ted Harduvel (played in the movie by Vincent Spano) became one of the first pilots to fly the Air Force's new F-16, but he expressed concern about the plane's performance. “He said, ‘If I crash, don't cry for me,' ” Janet recalls. ” ‘Get yourself the best attorney in town and sue 'em, Jan, because it ain't going to be my fault.' ”
After his death, Janet followed that advice, ultimately retaining Texas-based aviation attorney Myron Pappadakis (played by Robert Loggia) and spending the next 4½, years amassing the complex technical paperwork to support her case. Her legal efforts, she says, served as a kind of therapy. “When you become a widow, you're angry at him for dying on you,” she says. “And if you don't channel that anger externally, six months later you take a loaded gun and try to blow your brains out.”
Kiki, now a fifth grader who has only vague memories of her father, also provided a focus for her mother. “She's the reason I didn't kill myself,” says Janet. “I want her to realize you can do anything if you put your mind to it.”
Her mother, perhaps, was Kiki's best role model. In April 1987, the day after a federal district court awarded her $3.1 million, Janet visited her husband's grave and said softly, “Rest in peace. Your name is clear. It wasn't your fault.”
Though Afterburn ends there, Janet's story does not. In 1989 a higher court—though it did not challenge her husband's blameless-ness—reversed the lower court's monetary award on the grounds that, in this case, General Dynamics shared the government's immunity from lawsuits.
Today, Harduvel, who has petitioned the courts to rehear her case, raises her daughter in their comfortable three-bedroom house in the Tampa suburb of Lutz. She makes do on her husband's $830-a-monlh pension, augmented by income from an astrology-counseling business that she runs with her sister, Mary. “I'm frugal. I'm not an expensive-taste person,” she declares. Harduvel has no plans to marry again but for the last four years has dated warehouse owner Zehntner Biedenharn Gay, 33.
“Life is good,” Harduvel says earnestly. “It's on a very even keel for me.” For her, what really matters is that the verdict on Capt. Ted Harduvel's death leaves his honor unblemished. “I owed him that,” she says. “I really did.”
SUSAN SCHINDEHETTE
DON SIDER in Tampa
Steve Porter / December 24, 2016
Don't we all just love a good holiday flick? Every year, like clockwork, studios set to release films to capitalize on the Christmas season. Every couple of years, one or two movies that can be enjoyed by the whole family actually pan out and we not only get a good Christmas movie, but a genuinely good film as well.
When you ask anyone what their favorite Xmas film is, you'll undoubtedly get responses like Home Alone, The Santa Clause, A Christmas Story, Elf, Scrooged, National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation, or Miracle on 34th Street. Now, those answers are all fine and dandy, but let's think outside the box shall we?
Okay, in that case, you might be thinking something like The Nightmare Before Christmas, Bad Santa, Gremlins, or even Trading Places. With these picks, you might be right in some circles, but not here. We like our Christmas movies more obscure. We're talking Lethal Weapon, Batman Returns, Brazil, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, Eyes Wide Shut, and Rocky IV.
But none of those are it either! To us, the all-time the greatest Christmas film is, (drum roll please…) none other than Die Hard. Yep, thats right. It's got something for everyone: action, romance, and adventure mixed with some elements of your classic thriller. And what makes this a Christmas movie? Well, for starters, it all takes place at Christmas and secondly, plot elements found in the film are mirrored in its PG counterparts. If you're paying attention while watching you'll understand. For comparison's sake, use 1998's I'll be home for Christmas starring Jonathan Taylor Thomas.
The film is about NYPD officer, John McClane (Bruce Willis), who decides to head to Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles where he hopes to reconnect with his estranged wife, Holly Gennaro (Bonnie Bedelia), at a company Christmas party. Shortly after arriving, Holly and other members of the party are captured and held hostage by a German terrorist named Hans Gruber (Alan Rickman) and his vicious henchmen. John makes it his mission to save his wife and to stop the terrorists. Just thinking about it puts us in the Christmas spirit.
The film has an IMDB rating of 8.2 from just over 600,000 votes. It was directed by John McTiernan and written by Jeb stuart & Steven E. de Souza. It was based on a novel written by Roderick Thorp titled “Nothing Lasts Forever” which was actually the sequel to a previous novel he'd written titled “The Detective.”
On second thought, maybe it's not meant for everyone – the film is rated R after all. But, if the kids are in bed and you're looking for something to watch while snuggling up with some hot cocoa, then this is for you. Yippie Ki Yay MotherF**ker!
Hi guys! We are excited to publish our next app – the Facebook Birthday Tile application.
The name doesn't leave a lot for the imagination. 🙂 The app shows you Facebook friend birthdays that will occur in the next 7 days. Running the app will let you post on your friends wall.
Here's what the tile looks like:
In the app itself, the list is pivoted around today's birthdays and the week's birthdays:
And the ones that happen this week:
Once you click on someone, you get the ability to post to their wall, or see their profile on the web:
Finally, from the settings page, you can control what your live tile looks like (bigger letters or smaller ones).
The app is 0.99 cents for now, hope you enjoy it.
Advertisements
As a major component of what appears to be a big push to revamp its messaging offerings, Google has announced Duo, a video calling app. As the name suggests, it is focused solely on two-person video conversations.
Unlike Allo, which Google insists is bringing some fundamentally new features, Duo is all about simplicity.
As far as novel features go, the closest we get is that when you receive a video call, you can see the live video of the caller before you answer. That should make for some really fun experiences. Edit: Google is calling this feature "Knock Knock."
Beyond that, there is no teleconferencing, no machine learning bells or whistles, or anything similar.
The priority with Duo seems to be just getting a good under-the-hood engineering backbone to make the video calls as smooth and high quality as possible. While it is being described as a companion of sorts to Allo, the ways in which they work together aren't yet clear.
Both Allo and Duo are slated for release in the "early summer" this year.
Blade was one of the lesser known Marvel Comics characters, but I grew up reading books he was in. In the 1990s he was part of the "Midnight Sons", a team of supernatural superheroes that included Ghost Rider (the #1 hero of my childhood), Morbius the living vampire, Doctor Strange, Blade's buddies in the Nightstalkers group, and others, and since I was a devoted Ghost Rider reader I also read through everything that was connected to the character. So I was very familiar with Blade when it was announced he was getting his own movie, to be released in 1998.
I was very pleased with BLADE and Wesley Snipes' performance as the lead character - this was a case where the cinematic version of a character was actually more likeable than the one on the page. Comic book Blade was kind of a dick. I mean, this was a guy so obsessed with wiping out the supernatural that he even killed the other members of the Midnight Sons in one story arc. Not cool.
A few years later, BLADE II was also awesome, and a couple years after that BLADE: TRINITY was... less than awesome. That was followed by a short-lived TV series, in which Snipes was replaced by Sticky Fingaz. Eleven years later, I still haven't gotten around to watching that show.
Back in 2013, Kevin Feige, the president of Marvel Studios, mentioned that the company had regained the rights to some characters they had loaned out to other studios - Ghost Rider, The Punisher, and Blade. Since then, two of those characters have made it into the Marvel Cinematic Universe, with Ghost Rider appearing on the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. series and The Punisher being introduced in the Daredevil Netflix series, with his own series coming soon. But where is Blade?
Our own Eric Walkuski recently got to speak with Feige about all things Marvel, and during their conversation Feige gave an EXCLUSIVE quote on whether or not we can expect to see Blade in a new Marvel project:
We think it would be cool. Someday. My tenure at Marvel started 17 years ago, and there were two things that sort of launched the modern era. One was X-Men, which was the first thing that people said, "Oh, there's life here." But a few years before that, there was Blade. A character nobody had heard of at all, had only appeared in a few issues of Tomb of Dracula or something, turned into a big franchise. That was always a great lesson for me, where you go, "It doesn't matter how well known the character is, it matters how cool the movie is." Which, many years later, would be the reason we do Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange. I think Blade is a legacy character now, and I think it would be fun to do something with him one day.
There doesn't seem to be any immediate plans for the character, but it is good to know that Marvel Studios intends to bring Blade back to the screen "someday".
0 Flares Filament.io 0 Flares ×
Republicans view this election cycle as one where bashing President Obama equates to not only galvanizing the extreme elements of their base, but lends support to the musings of GOP entertainers such as Sarah Palin, Rush Limbaugh, and Glenn Beck that it will result in short term election gains too. That is, of course, until you have to begin giving speeches and otherwise introducing yourself to voters. Then that Barack Obama guy isn't so bad anymore. Republicans find him pretty good at writing and delivering speeches, so why not plagiarize him versus coming up with original content, right?
That apparently is what the Republican candidate for HD-102, Stefani Carter, has in mind in her challenge to unseat incumbent State Representative Carol Kent. Take a look at this video provided by the Lone Star Project with side-by-side shots of Obama's now famous speech at the 2004 DNC convention with Carter's speech:
If lifting passages from a famous speech wasn't enough to question Carter's integrity, a close examination of her resume demonstrates she enjoys embellishing on her experiences and accomplishments enough to attempt and make her a more appealing candidate to Representative Carol Kent. Now Carter's honesty is at question.
Carter claims to be a columnist for USA Today, but a few collegiate guest columns does not make one a paid columnist (Source: LSP). That's about like my claiming that my Letters to the Editor in the Fort Worth Star-Telegram mean that I'm on McClatchy's payroll.
Carter also claimed to be a “fellow at the Heritage Foundation,” when in fact she was an intern by means of a Lawrence Wade Journalism Fellowship through the University of Texas (Source: LSP). This would be like me claiming to have been a fellow at the Financial Services Roundtable versus an intern through the Roundtable by means of the Bill Archer Fellowship through the University of Texas at Arlington .
Read more below the foldCarter's plagiarism and resume embellishments are a growing and troubling trend among Republican candidates nationwide. You may recall that a candidate endorsed by GOP entertainer Sarah Palin in Idaho plagiarized from the same exact speech that Republican Stefani Carter did!
It's a shame that while Republican candidates feel the need to beat the President up politically they also see fit to plagiarize from the speech that arguably laid the groundwork for his successful 2008 presidential run.
Stefani Carter allows voters in House District 102 to question how honest an individual she is and whether she posses the integrity to serve as a state legislator. Come November that should make voting for Rep. Carol Kent in HD-102 that much easier.
Path, the private social network, said it had finally closed a $25 million Series C round, adding a new investor, Indonesia's Bakrie Global Group.
I had been pummeling founder and CEO Dave Morin for weeks about the closing of the latest funding, which I had heard was near completion and also included an international investor.
Late this afternoon, he finally cried uncle, um, confirmed the deal, noting that completing the transaction “was on the more difficult side, after a challenging 2013.”
Still, Morin said it was an up round from Path's last investment in 2012 of just over $30 million, in which the San Francisco company was valued at $250 million, although he would not give a specific number.
Existing investors also participated in the funding, including Greylock Partners, Kleiner Perkins, Index Ventures, Insight Venture Partners, Redpoint Venture Partners and First Round Capital.
“We are excited to participate in Path's growth moving forward,” said Bakrie CEO Anindya Bakrie, in a statement. “With solid management team and relevant development plan, Path will continue to connect more Indonesians in a personal, meaningful and productive way.”
This new money brings the total investment in Path to about $65 million. Path also raised $10 million in 2011.
In an interview, Morin said that he talked to many U.S. investors in the latest fundraising. But he noted that he was always looking for a strategic one in Asia, especially in Southeast Asia, where he said Path had good traction. “Our business there is stronger than people understand,” he said. “I was both looking to understand that market and find a local partner to expand our operations.”
Among Indonesia's most powerful, Bakrie's companies — which include mining, drilling, telecom and development — are quite controversial, including figuring in a horrible mudslide disaster several years ago related to its gas drilling. Due to this and other serious allegations around its businesses, Bakrie is a polarizing figure there, as evidenced by this Jakarta Post piece from a year ago.
Whether this affiliation with help or hurt Path in Indonesia is unclear, although Twitter last night lit up with comments from the country.
Many were negative, such as this one:
https://twitter.com/dprayudi/status/422000362631856128
And this one:
https://twitter.com/alderina/status/421831237591117825
In any case, Morin said the process started in the middle of last year, which was a tough one for Path, as it faced some thorny issues over its growth, some talent departures and also layoffs.
He said Path will use the new funds for growth and engagement, as well as continuing to expand its revenue efforts. In the last year, it rolled out a virtual goods business and subscription offering. The company is also developing the fourth version of the service, said Morin.
As to its growth, he said Path was not ever going to be a red-hot rocket like Snapchat, the ephemeral-photo and video site. “We have been more of a turtle than a hare and we have always focused on being a better way to connect and share,” Morin said, noting that its early 2013 effort at a “higher risk” growth strategy did not work well. “We are aimed at some people, not all people.”
Still, Morin acknowledged that “we have had some challenges in the U.S. market that we need to focus on.” He said that Path currently has 23 million customers registered worldwide, but the company has not released more detailed usage figures as yet.
As to the recent departures of some key execs like Matt Van Horn, Path's well-known business development VP, Morin said that such change was natural for a startup and pointed to new hires such as engineering head Kallol Das from Salesforce.com and Kim Jabal, a former Google exec, as CFO.
“We're a maturing business, but still a kid,” he said. “But I think we have grown up a lot over the last year and learned a lot of lessons, even though they were not necessarily easy ones.”
Here's a recent video that Path put out, with some very twinkly music:
http://vimeo.com/74676262
Carmaker Mercedes-Benz announced Thursday that it will invest $1 billion to set up electric vehicle production at its Tuscaloosa, Alabama plant and to build a battery factory nearby, moves it said would create 600 new jobs.
The luxury division of Germany's Daimler AG said it plans to manufacture electric SUVs under Mercedes' EQ sub-brand at the Alabama plant by the start of the next decade.
Mercedes executive Markus Schaefer said in a statement that "with the addition of electric SUVs to our future fleet, we will provide discerning drivers with a new, high-quality automotive option."
Daimler, based in Stuttgart, Germany, is among the global automakers investing in what they hope will be the automotive technology of the future, combining low-emissions electric propulsion with autonomous driving technology and new forms of getting around such as sharing cars ordered through a smartphone app.
At the Mercedes-Benz U.S. International facility in Tuscaloosa, workers assemble the GLS, GLE and GLE Coupe SUVs for the global market as well as the C-Class sedan for North America. The company says it employs 3,700 people and supports another 7,000 jobs at the 1,000-acre (400 hectare) site.
The first EQ production model, the EQC, is expected to go into production in Bremen, Germany in 2019.
The Alabama battery plant will join facilities in Germany and China; construction is to begin next year on the 1 million square-foot (92,900 square-meter) facility, which is planned to start operating at the beginning of the next decade.
Daimler also said it will build a new global logistics center and after-sales North American hub in Bibb County, about five miles from the Tuscaloosa plant.
Jaromir Jagr - 2011-12 Right Wing - DAL GOALS: 19 | ASST: 35 | PTS: 54
SOG: 170 | +/-: 5
Jaromir Jagr admitted the Dallas Stars weren't the first team he thought he would sign with after the 2011-12 season ended, but he's happy to be the latest member of the team.
Jagr, to the surprise of many, signed a one-year, $4.55 million contract with the Stars on Tuesday.
"I want to play for a team that feels I can help them and that's the most important thing," Jagr said during a conference call with reporters Thursday. "I think I can play on the first two lines. That was always the most important thing for me. I don't want to be in the NHL to sit around. I want to be a big part of a new team."
He'll have that chance in Dallas, where he could slot onto the top line at right wing, playing alongside All-Star center Jamie Benn and four-time 20-goal scorer Loui Eriksson at left wing.
Jagr was the most recognizable name in a roster reshuffling by GM Joe Nieuwendyk, which started with the draft-day trade of center Mike Ribeiro to the Washington Capitals. Nieuwendyk signed 40-year-old right wing Ray Whitney on Sunday, then traded two players to the Buffalo Sabres for center Derek Roy on Monday.
Last season -- Jagr's first back in the NHL after three in Russia -- he had 19 goals and 35 assists in 73 games with the Philadelphia Flyers. He played on the top line and helped elevate linemates Claude Giroux and Scott Hartnell to All-Star status.
Jagr said he's hoping to have the same kind of influence on the Stars' younger players.
"I know what it takes to be the best because I felt like probably 10, 12 years ago, I thought I was the best in the world and I knew how to get there," he said. "I don't have the tools to do that now. In that way I can help the young guys, for sure. The most important thing is for the young guys to listen. Talent is good, but without the hard work you don't have a chance. You have to work harder than the other guys. You have to be willing to give up a lot. If it was easy everyone would do it."
Nieuwendyk is confident that the number on Jagr's birth certificate -- he'll turn 41 in February -- will have nothing to do with how he plays.
"I don't think there's any question he has game in the tank. He had a terrific season with Philadelphia," Nieuwendyk said Monday. "He's still a world-class player. For us to be able to bring a guy like that to our franchise is a big deal.
"Even at 40, he's still a difficult guy to contain. He's still as good as anyone in the League at using that big body down low. He keeps himself in tremendous shape. He knows how much he needs to play in order to be successful and how much is too much. I think he's going to be a really good fit with our group."
Jagr said after the season ended that his time with the Flyers was the most fun he's ever had in hockey -- including his two Stanley Cup championships with the Pittsburgh Penguins. However, he said he got a feeling that his stay in Philadelphia would be a short one.
"After the season -- even during the season -- I thought I would re-sign in Philadelphia, but I guess they wanted to go in a different direction," Jagr said. "They were waiting for [Zach] Parise and [Ryan] Suter, and probably I would have to wait until right now to try to negotiate a new deal with the Flyers and I didn't want to wait.
"I thought something would happen after the season or before the [start of] free agency, but nothing happened. Even that probably gave me a little bit of a signal that I'm not going to be back. If they really wanted me back I think they would have probably made some kind of talk before free agency because they had a chance."
When things in Philadelphia didn't work out, Jagr said his first choice was to sign with the Montreal Canadiens, but the team wasn't receptive.
"I always wanted to play in Canada and I wanted to go to Montreal if I had a chance, but Montreal wasn't interested," Jagr said. "All of a sudden I got a phone call form Joe Nieuwendyk that Dallas was interested."
Jagr enters the 2012-13 season eighth on the NHL all-time list with 1,653 points and 11th with 665 goals in 18 seasons with the Penguins, Capitals, Rangers and Flyers. The Stars will be his first Western Conference team, and though some might worry about taking on that level of travel at age 40, Jagr said it won't be anything compared to what he dealt with during three seasons in the KHL.
"In Russia I was playing in Omsk and the shortest trip we had was two-and-a-half hours," he said. "That was the shortest trip, by plane. We were flying five, six hours twice a month and it was a totally different kind of plane than the Dallas Stars have."
"I always wanted to play in Canada and I wanted to go to Montreal if I had a chance, but Montreal wasn't interested. All of a sudden I got a phone call form Joe Nieuwendyk that Dallas was interested." -- Jaromir Jagr on how he ended up signing with Dallas
Jagr said he learned a lot about the NHL in his first season back, one of them being what kind of physical condition he has to maintain.
"I started the season at 240 [pounds] and I felt pretty good," he said. "Then I dropped to 228 [during the season] and I didn't feel that good. I thought my shot wasn't the same way. … That's the experience I learned last year -- if I lost the weight I would be quicker. But I wasn't necessarily quicker and I didn't feel that comfortable with my shot in the second half of the season because I lost some pounds. I think I'm still in good shape -- I'm nine percent body fat, and at age 40 that's pretty good."
Besides his Hall of Fame-caliber regular-season numbers, Jagr ranks among the all-time leaders in playoff scoring, thanks to 16 years of appearances. And despite the Stars missing the playoffs four straight years, Jagr said he's joining them with the expectation of adding to his postseason totals.
"The one thing I learned … is don't underestimate anyone -- ever," Jagr said. "I remember years when there were teams before the season [experts] said, 'I guarantee this team is going to win the Stanley Cup,' and they don't make the playoffs. And it goes the other way -- the L.A. Kings last year, so close to not making the playoffs and then they dominated in playoffs.
"The margin of error between the championship teams and teams not making the playoffs is so small, the little details make a huge difference. I think with the young guys, Roy gets traded, and Ray Whitney is still a great player. I think we're going to make the playoffs. I don't think any other way. I [missed] the playoffs only [twice] in my life, I don't want to do it again."
Contact Adam Kimelman at akimelman@nhl.com.
Dear Reader,
Over the past several years, Alan Greenspan has worn several faces. He has worn the face of a villain, poker player, and hero. The faces are all interpretations of what the true monetary standard should be and how someone who understands the economic system views our past Fed Chairman. Most people know Alan Greenspan as the Federal Reserve Chairman, a man who held the post from 1987-2006. Before he became Fed Chair, he was an efficient free market thinker with a keen understanding of gold. Many look at him as a chief engineer of the financial crises that have plagued our economy and continue to plague our economy. The Dotcom bubble and the Great Recession were caused by many things, but monetary policy from the Fed contributed.
Surprisingly, as his tenure at the Fed has ended, his views on gold have seemed to return to his original thesis. In an interview with Gold Investor magazine, Greenspan said, “I view gold as the primary global currency. It is the only currency, along with silver, that does not require a counterparty signature. Credit instruments and fiat currency depend on the credit worthiness of a counterparty. Gold, along with silver, is one of the only currencies that has an intrinsic value. It has always been that way. No one questions its value, and it has always been a valuable commodity, first coined in Asia Minor in 600 BC.” He even went to the extreme and agreed with Ron Paul that a gold standard would've been a deterrent to debt accumulation. “We would never have reached this position of extreme indebtedness were we on the gold standard, because the gold standard is a way of ensuring that fiscal policy never gets out of line.” Ron Paul argued that this system would create enormous debt loads and stagnating real incomes due to inflation.
Additionally, March 15, 2017 will be an important date, as the debt ceiling suspension will be lifted. Congress will have to renegotiate and likely raise the debt ceiling. With Trump in office, this may go differently than the previous 8 years. The Fed will raise interest rates in March and increase the interest on the debt line item. Debt accumulation, now roughly 106% of GDP, will eventually lead to a flight to gold as it always does.
-Colin Bennett
If you enjoy cartoon frogs, New Balance shoes, traditional architecture, or milk, you may just be an alt-right bigot, at least according to some prominent members of the media.
In order to help prevent readers from inadvertently expressing the wrong opinion, The Daily Caller News Foundation has assembled a list of items and activities best avoided if one wishes to remain in the good graces of the media and liberal elites.
The Movie “Death Wish”
The media slammed director Eli Roth's film “Death Wish,” starring Bruce Willis, as “racist” and catering to the alt-right in August 2017.
“In moving the setting [from New York] to Chicago, a city where gun violence is both well-documented and highly politicized, and setting the trailer to ‘Back in Black', the remake tips its hand: 2017's ‘Death Wish' comes off as a work of cowardice and opportunism,” author Joshua Rivera said in GQ, “piggybacking off hard-right fear-mongering and a government that's completely and utterly disingenuous in its rhetoric about violent crime when nationwide, crime rates — despite rises in cities thanks to mass shootings like the Pulse massacre in Orlando — remain historically low.”
Alan Zilberman, a writer for The Washington Post and Salon, said “alt righters will have an erection” because of the apparently “fascist” nature of the film.
The Term “Cosmopolitan”
CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta criticized President Donald Trump's immigration proposal at a Wednesday White House briefing, suggesting that the proposal conflicted with the Statue of Liberty's claim that America would take “your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.” In response, Stephen Miller, a policy adviser for Trump, said that Acosta had a “cosmopolitan bias.”
Ruth Ben-Ghiat of CNN labeled “cosmopolitan” the “loaded word of the week,” making similar fascist and communist parallels while calling Miller “something of an alt-right whisperer.”
Politico linked “cosmopolitan” to antisemitism throughout history.
“One reason why ‘cosmopolitan' is an unnerving term is that it was the key to an attempt by Soviet dictator Josef Stalin to purge the culture of dissident voices. In a 1946 speech, he deplored works in which ‘the positive Soviet hero is derided and inferior before all things foreign and cosmopolitanism that we all fought against from the time of Lenin, characteristic of the political leftovers, is many times applauded.' It was part of a yearslong [sic] campaigned aimed at writers, theater critics, scientists and others who were connected with ‘bourgeois Western influences.' Not so incidentally, many of these ‘cosmopolitans' were Jewish, and official Soviet propaganda for a time devoted significant energy into ‘unmasking' the Jewish identities of writers who published under pseudonyms.”
Pepe the Frog
“The unwitting face of the alt-right movement,” according to Vox.com, a “hate symbol,” according to the Anti-Defamation League, and “a symbol associated with white supremacy,” according to Hillary Clinton, Pepe the Frog is a widely-used meme that the left denounced as bigoted after internet trolls deliberately tied it to extremist positions.
“We basically mixed Pepe in with Nazi propaganda, etc,” Twitter user @JaredTSwift told The Daily Beast in May 2016. “We built that association.” (RELATED: Here's How Two Twitter Pranksters Convinced The World That Pepe The Frog Meme Is Just A Front For White Nationalism)
When writer Ian Miles Cheong defended Pepe the Frog in a 2016 Heat Street article, the website's former editor, Louise Mensch, followed up with an article of her own, entitled, “Hillary Clinton is absolutely right, ‘Pepe' meme is Antisemitic – An apology.”
WikiLeaks unveiled that Mensch had written an advertisement for Clinton's presidential campaign.
Wendy's came under fire in January 2017 for tweeting out a mashup of its red-haired mascot and Pepe, with The Verge publishing an article entitled “Why Wendy's tweeted an anti-Semitic hate symbol dressed as its mascot.” The fast-food chain later deleted the tweet and apologized, stating that the employee who tweeted it “did not know the meems [sic] new meaning.”
“OK”-Hand Gesture
Fusion journalist Emma Roller slammed the “OK”-hand gesture as racist in April 2017 after she spotted 2 pro-Trump media figures displaying it at the White House.
Others that have displayed the sign include former President Barack Obama, comedian Hasan Minhaj, and actor Mr. T. (RELATED: The Shimshock Show Ep. 3: Meet The Newest Racist Hand Gesture [VIDEO])
Milk
Media also ran with headlines tying milk to the alt-right after a viral video from Shia LaBoeuf's “He Will Not Divide Us” protest and alt-right figureheads Richard Spencer and Tim Treadstone added a milk emoji to their Twitter profiles.
The Forward and Metro News ran with headlines “Got Nazis? Milk is new symbol of racial purity for white nationalists” and “Secret Nazi code kept hidden by ‘milk' and ‘vegan agenda.'”
Traditional Architecture
Journalist Amanda Kolson Hurley conflated the NRA and InfoWars commentator Paul Joseph Watson with the alt-right after the two sources published video criticizing modern architecture and favoring traditional architecture.
Hurley suggests that “elements of the far right are deliberately making architecture a front in the Trump-era culture wars” in an editorial entitled “Why is the alt-right so angry about architecture?”
New Balance Shoes
“The Obama administration turned a deaf ear to us and frankly, with President-elect Trump, we feel things are going to move in the right direction,” American shoemaker New Balance said, referring to Trump's stance on the Trans-Pacific Partnership in a November 2016 interview with The Wall Street Journal.
In response to this remark, people burned their New Balance shoes, trashed them, or attempted to flush them down the toilet.
New Balance is feeling the burn after its vice president of public affairs welcomed Donald Trump's win pic.twitter.com/cgenMZYRn1 — The Guardian (@guardian) November 15, 2016
Neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer hailed New Balance as “the official shoes of white people,” an announcement which led to New Balance feeling compelled to reject hate and bigotry.
“New Balance does not tolerate bigotry or hate in any form,” the company said in a statement, before proceeding to boast of its employment of individuals with diverse identities.
Investigating McMaster
CNN anchor Jake Tapper associated the alt-right with The Daily Caller and TheDCNF after the latter two outlets published pieces in which former NSC officials alleged that National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster opposed Trump on “everything.”
“The alt-right/alt-light attacks on McMaster are joined by former NSC aides slamming him to Daily Caller,” said Tapper. (RELATED: EXCLUSIVE: ‘Everything The President Wants To Do, McMaster Opposes,' Former NSC Officials Say)
Breitbart had previously published articles detailing reports alleging that McMaster had become “increasingly volatile” and that the adviser was “deeply hostile to Israel and Trump.” Blogger Mike Cernovich also shared a cartoon depicting a hand labeled “Rothschild” controlling a puppet George Soros, which in turn controlled McMaster. The Anti-Defamation League described the cartoon as “blatantly anti-Semitic.”
You, the reader, now have 30 seconds to delete your offending tweets, disavow, and swear fealty to the almighty MSM before you end up the next HanA**holeSolo. (RELATED: ‘Extremely Unethical' – CNN Draws Backlash After Threatening To ID Reddit User Behind Trump's WWE Video)
Follow Rob Shimshock on Twitter
Connect with Rob Shimshock on Facebook
Send tips to rob@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has just issued a thinly veiled warning to GOP opponents, led by Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., of repeal of the Don't Ask, Don't Tell ban on gays in the military: if you don't repeal the law now, the courts inevitably will, causing much more disruption in the force.
McCain spokesperson Brooke Buchanan said, “Senator McCain and his staff are currently in the process of carefully reviewing the Pentagon's report regarding the repeal of the ‘Don't Ask, Don't Tell” law.”
Gates noted that the repeal language requires certification by President Obama and the Pentagon that the military is ready for implementation, adding there will also be no dawdling because the president will be watching. The Pentagon chiefs met with President Obama yesterday.
Gates said the survey revealed “discomfort and resistance” among fighting combat units and special operations forces which “remain a source of concern to the service chiefs and to me,” but he said these can be overcome with proper education and training.
He referred to these troops as “serving at the tip of the spear in America's wars,” saying their concerns should be listened to and repeal done with “an abundance of care and preparation.”
However, he said repeal “can be done and should be done without posing a serious risk to military readiness.”
The report is available here.
Military scholars gathered by UC Santa Barbara's pro-gay Palm Center, including scholars from West Point, the Air Force Academy, the Naval Post Graduate School and the Naval War College, said “The debate about the evidence is now officially over….The only remaining rationale for ‘don't ask, don't tell' is prejudice.”
I hate the Cowboys, but at this point even I have a little sympathy for their fans. Most of the horrible 90's bandwagoners have either moved on to new teams or have now suffered through a decade of spectacular failure. The Cowboys still get way too much hype, Jerry Jones is still a horrible person, Dallas is still a dumpy city that no one likes in a state the rest of the union hates, but the Boys haven't won more than a single playoff game in over ten years, and they have a good amount of very like able players on the team. So it's hard to hate the Cowboys individually, but hating the Cowboys as an organization is still easy.
The Cowboys fans have had it rough though. Every game starts out with higher expectations, followed by early mistakes, culminating in a bizarrely competent comeback which inevitably comes up just short thanks to some fantastic error, like Dez Bryant's fingers landing out of bounds. My Giants are just as weirdly inconsistent, but at least they have a weird tendency to actually win in the end.
A fleabag hotel near Central Park has become the center of an Upper West Side crime wave, neighbors say.
Since 2006, there have been a murder, three robberies, four felony assaults, 13 burglaries, 23 grand larcenies and two auto thefts on the tree-lined block of West 71st Street between the park and Columbus Avenue, according to a crime-stat analysis done for The Post by Onboard Informatics.
Most neighbors blame the 12-story, 92-room Rodeway Inn at 31 W. 71st Street — a former welfare hotel with $129 rooms.
Its recent rap sheet includes:
A March 16-armed robbery in which three masked gunmen stormed the hotel at about 8:20 a.m., pistol-whipped three workers and swiped thousands of dollars in cash from the safe, which the manager opened. Police sources told The Post it was an “inside job.”
A Dec. 30 rape in which ex-con Farhan Khan, 27, allegedly sodomized a 35-year-old stranger in the hotel while holding a knife to her throat and sneering, “Today is the day you're going to die.”
A June 9, 2015, homicide in which the body of Paul Dawson, 41, of Asbury Park, NJ, was found covered in plastic wrap after an apparent S&M session gone bad.
Neighbors told The Post of drunken fights, battles over parking spots, suspicious characters and constant police activity.
On a block featuring luxury apartment buildings, brownstones, two restaurants, a Hindu temple, and many young families, the sketchy hotel does not fit in.
“What are they waiting for, something worse to happen?” fumed one parent, who declined to give her name for fear of reprisal. She said her 12-year-old son and 10-year-old daughter were walking to nearby PS 199 around the time the armed bandits were making their getaway March 16.
“We are very concerned,” she said. “It's an unsafe place in a residential neighborhood. It's no longer just a hotel. Something is going on there . . . Nobody knows for sure. Some people want to protest.”
Rodeway Inn manager Robert Kowal declined comment. Calls to Choice Hotels' corporate headquarters in Rockville, Md., were not returned.
In 1972, the hotel was known as the Kent Hotel and used by the city to house welfare recipients, according to published reports. The hotel was a magnet for drugs and prostitution, and a court order forced the eviction of some tenants.
The Kent went from an single-room occupancy to a Comfort Inn, before changing its name to the Rodeway Inn in January.
The hotel attracts mostly Europeans who think they're going to have a “decent” stay — until they get there, one source previously told The Post. “It's like a bait-and-switch. It looks decent online when you book it, but you need a tetanus shot before sleeping there.”
Fifty-two complaints have been filed against the hotel since 2005, according to the city Department of Buildings, which issued 59 violations. The complaints ranged from allegations of illegal plumbing and electrical work to broken elevators and falling brick from the facade.
Borough President Gail Brewer called the crime wave “pretty awful” and said in light of the statistics presented to her by The Post she will call on the 20th Precinct to “pay more attention to the site.”
It has struck nearly a million people in the UK, yet even its cause is still unclear
Early next year, Professor Bart De Strooper will sit down in an empty office in University College London and start to plan a project that aims to revolutionise our understanding and treatment of dementia. Dozens of leading researchers will be appointed to his £250m project which has been set up to create a national network of dementia research centres – with UCL at its hub.
The establishment of the UK Dementia Research Institute – which was announced last week – follows the pledge, made in 2012 by former prime minister David Cameron, to tackle the disease at a national level and comes as evidence points to its increasing impact on the nation. Earlier this year, it was disclosed that dementia is now the leading cause of death in England and Wales. At the same time, pharmaceutical companies have reported poor results from trials of drugs designed to slow down the progress of Alzheimer's disease, the most common form of dementia.
“Humans have truly wonderful brains that can cope with terrible diseases like Alzheimer's for decades and can find all sorts of ways to get around defects that are growing inside,” said De Strooper, who is currently based at the University of Leuven in Belgium. “Eventually individuals succumb to the condition and start to display memory loss and other symptoms – but usually only after decades have passed and their brains have gone through considerable changes. This makes it very difficult to treat the disease. That is the challenge that we need to tackle.”
Current understanding of Alzheimer's suggests the disease is triggered when beta amyloid, a protein in nerve cell membranes, starts to clump together. Slowly the brain undergoes metabolic changes as amyloid clumping continues. In particular, a protein known as tau, which is involved in memory storage, is affected. It starts to form tangles inside the brain's neurons and these die off. Eventually, symptoms – such as severe memory loss – manifest themselves.
To date, most attempts at drug interventions have focused on medicines that could prevent beta amyloid from forming clumps, the most recent being Solanezumab, developed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly. However, results of clinical trials of the drug – revealed last month – indicated that it had no significant effect on the thinking abilities of people with mild Alzheimer's. Solanezumab had also failed in people with more advanced versions of the disease in earlier trials.
This double failure has led some scientists to argue that amyloid clumping is not a cause of the disease but is merely a symptom. By targeting it, scientists are wasting time, it is argued. Professor John Hardy, a geneticist based at UCL – who has played a key role in setting up the college's Dementia Research Institute – does not agree. “All the evidence we have from families affected by early onset dementia indicates that the disease begins with the deposition of amyloid plaques in the brain,” he said. “The trouble is that this buildup starts 15 to 20 years before dementia's symptoms appear. The drugs we have developed so far offer treatments that are, in effect, too little and too late.”
Hardy drew a parallel between cholesterol buildup in blood vessels that eventually leads to cardiac disease and the buildup of amyloid plaques in the brain and the onset of Alzheimer's. “Unfortunately, we have no equivalent of a cholesterol test to assess how much amyloid is clumping in a person's brain,” he added. “However, that could change in the near future.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Research suggests between 20 and 30 genes are involved in predisposing people to Alzheimer's. Photograph: Getty
Recent research has pinpointed a group of around 20 to 30 genes that are involved in predisposing individuals to Alzheimer's. These genes come in different variants. Some variants of a gene predispose individuals to dementia more than other variants of that gene. If a person inherits a package of genes made up of variants that particularly predispose to dementia, they are very likely to develop Alzheimer's.
“We are now within five years of developing a chip that will be able to tell – from a blood test – whether a person is likely to have amyloid plaques forming inside their brains in middle age,” added Hardy. “This would then be followed up by a brain scan to confirm if this is true or not.”
This would be dementia's equivalent of a cholesterol test. The problem is that there is, as yet, no equivalent of drugs which would halt this amyloid buildup in a way that parallels the use of statins to block buildups of cholesterol, once detected, and so head off cardiac illness. For their part, researchers argue that the use of drugs like Solanezumab – although seemingly ineffective on patients in whom amyloid plaques have become established – could be far more effective in the early stage of the condition.
Many other issues complicate our understanding of dementia, however. “A good example is provided by the immune system,” said David Reynolds, chief scientific officer of Alzheimer's Research UK. “There is a lot of evidence now that the immune system is involved in the development of Alzheimer's after beta amyloid clumps appear.”
However, the nature of that immune response is still not fully understood. “We do not know whether the immune system tends to overreact – as with conditions like rheumatoid arthritis in which the body's own tissue is attacked by its own immune defences – or react weakly and allow amyloid clumps to develop when they could be stopped,” added Reynolds. “Certainly it would be unwise to wade in with drugs until we know exactly what it is we want to achieve.”
And this is where the distributed nature of the Dementia Research Institute network could prove important. Based in different university cities (Edinburgh, Oxford and Cambridge are all candidates for units), these outlying centres will focus on different aspects of the disease: environmental factors, care of dementia patients – and immunology. “The creation and direction of these centres will depend on existing expertise at that university,” added Reynolds. “A centre that focuses on immunology and dementia would be particularly useful in finding new ways to tackle the condition.”
The Dementia Research Institute network is to be supported, over the next 10 years, by £150m funding from the Medical Research Council – with further inputs of £50m each being made by Alzheimer's Research UK and by the Alzheimer's Society. This commitment marks a significant increase in dementia research in the UK, which had already raised its annual funding from £50m in 2008 to £90m in 2012 and is now a world leader in the field.
“It is good news but we need to put it in perspective,” said James Pickett, of the Alzheimer's Society. “In 2012 we spent more than £500m on cancer research; there are five times more researchers working on cancer in the UK; while the number of clinical trials of dementia drugs is less than 1% of those of cancer drugs.”
At the same time, the need for some form of treatment to tackle dementia is becoming increasingly urgent. More and more people are living to their 80s and 90s when their chances of getting dementia increase markedly. There are currently 850,000 people with dementia in the UK, a figure that will rise to one million by 2025 and two million by 2051.
“We are going to have to be very nuanced in understanding all the risk factors involved in dementia – and in appreciating why factors like education and general health provide some protection against its onset,” said Professor Carol Brayne, of Cambridge. “That is going to be the strength of the institute. It offers us the opportunity, for the first time, to follow so many different avenues and approaches to dealing with and understanding the dementia.”
GROWING THREAT
• ■ Dementia overtook heart disease as the leading cause of death in England and Wales last year. More than 61,000 people died of the condition in 2015, 11.6% of all recorded deaths.
• ■ The Office for National Statistics said the increase had occurred because people were living for longer while deaths from other causes, including heart disease, had gone down. In addition, doctors are now better at diagnosing dementia, and it is appearing more often on death certificates.
• ■ The bulk of dementia deaths last year were among women: 41,283, compared to 20,403 in men.
• ■ According to the Alzheimer's Society, dementia is the only one of the top 10 causes of death that we cannot prevent or even slow down.
• ■ The leading cause of dementia is Alzheimer's disease, which accounts for 62% of all cases in the UK: 520,000 of the 850,000 people living with dementia in the UK today. Other forms of the disease include vascular dementia and Lewy Body dementia.
■ • Dementia costs the UK economy approximately £26bn per year, according to the Alzheimer's Society.
• ■ If a drug could be found to slow cognitive decline in dementia, that would delay the need for paid care and reduce the financial burden on families, the NHS and social care.
The city of Sandy Springs has a new official logo, adopted at the Oct. 4 City Council meeting.
Developed quietly over the summer at a cost of $99,333, the new logo features the city's name under three curving lines—one light blue, one dark blue and one green. It replaces the 10-year-old city's first and only previous logo, which featured the city's name with a line of trees behind it and a stream of springwater in front of it.
The new logo is “all about growth” and embodies the city's dual suburban and urban interests, said Juliet D'Ambrosio of Imbibe Brand Design, the firm that developed the logo. The old logo is “pretty” but “hard to reproduce,” with its rectangular shape and shaded color, D'Ambrosio said, adding that the new logo “passes…the bumper sticker test.”
The new logo will be phased in slowly in such uses as city vehicles and police uniform patches. One place the old logo will remain is as the center of the official city seal, used to stamp city documents, so “we keep that piece of history,” Kraun said. The seal also hangs over the mayor and council's dias.
As a bonus, the city also got a stylized image of a turtle, Sandy Springs' mascot animal, though it is unsure what to do with it. Mayor Rusty Paul said the turtle was considered as the main logo, but would have looked bad on, say, a speedy police car. City spokesperson Sharon Kraun said the turtle likely will end up being used on promotional materials for city programs and events. “We liked him,” she said.
A main reason for creating the new logo is the city's overall “branding” effort. The city's former “City Center” downtown district was rebranded as “City Springs” last year with a new logo designed by the same people, though they were at a different, now-dissolved firm. The new city logo is intended to better match that City Springs branding effort, which Kraun called a “good home run.”
The City Springs logo creation cost $77,000 and included a full “branding guide” to how the logo should appear on various objects and in various colors. The new city logo will come with a similar guide, and D'Ambrosio said one standard was creating a design that looks good without color and in various lighting.
The logo selection process involved an internal committee including the mayor; City Manager John McDonough; members of the Sandy Springs Hospitality & Tourism board; and residents with marketing experience. The logo also got some “man on the street” testing, Kraun said.
The committee and the design firm reviewed many city logos and seals from around the nation and also looking, including Brookhaven's recently adopted seal.
The chosen design is intended to have an “S” shape reflecting the city's name; the blue-and-green colors of water and trees; and a sense of energy and motion.
“Sandy Springs is at a threshold” with “a lot of growth and energy and development,” but also interest in its roots, said D'Ambrosio in describing the logo's intent.
One reason the new city logo cost more to design than the City Springs logo was complexity, Kraun said in an email after the meeting.
“City Springs was an easier project in that we had a clean palate in which to work,” Kraun said. “With a rebranding, there are more challenges. You are taking something familiar and something that has been a part of a community and either changing it or replacing it.”
The design process was more formal and more confidential than that for the original city logo. According to Kraun, the then-new city held a public contest to design the logo, but the mayor and council rejected all submissions, then hired a small design firm to create the final image.
UPDATE: Veteran Australian cartoonist Pickering weighs in, see below. (h/t to Dale Stiller)
There's yet another scare coming from Australia's Climate Commissioner Tim Flannery hot of the heels of his failed drought predictions. And who could forget Flannery's “quote of the millennium” immortalized by Josh?
Junkscience.com reports that: Slippery when wet – Tim Flannery's climate warnings questioned after recent flooding
Flimflam is probably worth the $180K/yr this government pays him for his part-time position. He's an implacable liar. Absolutely relentless with his climate hysteria, audacious and unrepentant. Definitely delivering all that this government asks.
FIVE years ago, Climate Commissioner Tim Flannery predicted that the nation's dams would never be full again and major Australian cities would need desalination plants to cater for our water needs.
Yesterday, in his latest report, he said “climate change cannot be ruled out” as a factor in recent flooding rains, which led to some of those dams overflowing.
The apparent contradiction accompanies predictions that heatwaves, made worse by concrete, asphalt and buildings, will cause deaths and violence in western Sydney.
So he's given up on climate change and now blaming UHI? I like it.
Jennifer Marohasy finds that the broader Sydney climate data shows another grandiose cherry pick to define the start of the trend in “hot days”.
Climate Commission Fudges Hot Day Data
IF you believe Australia's Climate Commissioner, Tim Flannery, it is getting hotter and hotter in Western Sydney.[1] But scientist Basil Beamish noticed that in the Climate Commission report they only show the trend of the number of hot days from 1970-2011. There is data for Sydney, measured at Observatory Hill, back to 1890. … Dr Beamish noticed that if you use all of the hot days data back to 1890 it is clear there is a different long-term pattern in play (see blue line in chart). In fact the year with the greatest number of hot days for Sydney is 1926 (12 days) and this has not been beaten since. But instead of reporting on the long term trend for Sydney as measured at Observatory Hill from 1890, Professor Flannery has chosen to just focus on Western Sydney and in particular use only the data for Parramatta North (see orange line in chart). This data set begins in 1970, which was a low point in the hot days cycle. By choosing Parramatta and beginning in 1970, Professor Flannery can make the upward trend in hot days look dramatic. Parramatta is further inland than the Observatory Hill site and so the summers are warmer and the winter's colder. But if there were data for Parramatta back to 1890 it would almost certainly show the same pattern as Observatory Hill. Indeed it was almost certainly hotter in Parramatta, in Western Sydney, in 1926 than anytime since. Once again the observational data does not support the nonsense claims made by Australia's Climate Commissioner, Professor Flannery. ****** Basil Beamish provided the chart and many of the words. Thank you. 1. http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-05-14/heatwaves-bushfires-predicted-to-hammer-nsw/4009006 ========================================================= UPDATE: WUWT reader Dale Stiller writes “The very funny, veteran Aussie cartoonist Pickering has drawn a classic about Flim Flan's utterances.”
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
“The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in times of great moral crises maintain their neutrality.” – John F. Kennedy
How exciting! Google has issued a statement saying it's un-censoring its search results in China! And it's threatening to pull out of the country completely, in retaliation for an alleged (and, we're led to infer, government-backed) attempt to hack the Gmail accounts of Chinese dissidents!
As a tech story, it has all the makings of a classic diplomacy thriller; a modern-day Cuban Missile Crisis with Google as Adlai Stevenson, waving photos of hacked emails at China's Valerian Zorin. “Don't wait for the translation! Just answer yes or no!” Meanwhile, Google slowly provocatively moves photos of Tiananmen tanks back onto its Chinese image search.
Unsurprisingly for such a bold move, Google's statement – that it would no longer be bowing to Chinese censorship, having spent four years doing precisely that – has sparked debate amongst my esteemed friends and colleagues in the blogosphere.
On one side, Robert Scoble has congratulated Google, almost unconditionally. “Google has EVERY INCENTIVE to kiss Chinese ass,” he says, “that's why this move today impressed me so much.” And to those who say that Google's behavior to date has been overly sympathetic to the Chinese government? Um, he's sorry…
“Um, I'm sorry, but when I visited China I heard from many people that of the American companies Google didn't play the game as well as, say, Yahoo or Microsoft. Remember Yahoo? Remember what they turned over to the Chinese government? When I worked at Microsoft I saw them play footsie with the Chinese government too. Heck, the Chinese president visited Microsoft's campus when I worked there and got a red-carpet welcome. Why? Because China is a HUGE market and a HUGE supplier of labor that builds Microsoft's products. It doesn't matter to me that Google played footsie up until today, either. They were the first to stop playing footsie and THAT deserves a HUGE round of applause.”
Meanwhile, on the other side of the debate is TechCrunch's own Sarah Lacy whose take is pretty well summed up by the title of her post “Google's China Stance: More about Business than Thwarting Evil“. She asks…
“Does anyone really think Google would be doing this if it had top market share in the country? For one thing, I'd guess that would open them up to shareholder lawsuits. Google is a for-profit, publicly-held company at the end of the day. When I met with Google's former head of China Kai-fu Lee in Beijing last October, he noted that one reason he left Google was that it was clear the company was never going to substantially increase its market share or beat Baidu. Google has clearly decided doing business in China isn't worth it, and are turning what would be a negative into a marketing positive for its business in the rest of the world.”
So who is right? The Economist seems to be siding with Sarah, quoting her in a piece bearing the punderfully British title ‘Google errs‘. Meantime Robert has support from search expert Danny Sullivan and a Google Spokesperson who writes “This is not about market share. While our revenues from China are really immaterial, we did just have our best ever quarter [in China].”
The truth is I don't know who precisely why Google made its decision. I wasn't in the room when it was discussed. But here's one thing I do know: anyone who is applauding Google for taking a stand against censorship needs – ironically – to sit the hell down and shut the hell up.
For four years, Google complied with the Chinese government's demands that they censor search results. It did this in the hope of becoming the number one search engine in China, a goal it failed to achieve. You can argue – reasonably – that there's nothing wrong with Google operating under the laws of a country, much as eBay is banned from listing Nazi memorabilia in Germany. Self-censorship is the cost of doing business in China, and it's a price that Google decided was worth paying. Or you can take completely the opposite view: calling Google evil for ever setting foot in Beijing.
But whatever your view, you have to accept that Google spent four years, and earned vast sums of money, operating under China's censorship laws. And now only when they suffer an attack that threatens to damage their business worldwide – “What? The communists can hack my Gmail?” – have they suddenly found a conscience.
This may be a case of scorched-earth diplomacy on the part of Google, it may just be pure retaliation against a government which tried to hack their servers or it may be a shrewd business move dressed up as “taking a stand”. But what it's absolutely not is a “moral position”, nor one that they should be particularly applauded for, any more than a man who has spent four years beating his wife should be applauded when he decides to stop. If anyone should be applauded it's the man who didn't beat his wife in the first place: companies like Twitter and Facebook whose refusal to work with the Chinese government lead to them being blocked last July.
Taking a moral position four years too late – whether you're the first or the last to do so – is like suddenly declaring that you oppose the Iraq war now you're no longer standing for the Senate or renouncing your own steroid abuse once you've retired from professional sports. Which is to say, it's taking no moral position at all.
What happens to the world after war? Obsidian Entertainment's upcoming role-playing game Tyranny is interested in exploring that dilemma. Taking place in a fantasy realm sat right in the middle of the Bronze Age and the Iron Age, the game begins after the evil dictator Kyros the Overlord has united the world under his grasp. Players take on the role of a Fatebinder, destined with restoring order to the lands in the wake of the largest war the region has ever seen.
But the Fatebinder isn't an outcast, barely scraping by a living in the lowly Kyros Empire. No, unlike such RPGs as Dragon Age: Origins (2009) and Fallout (1997), the Fatebinder serves on behalf of the Overlord, wielding a significant amount of power at her command. She can engage in diplomacy, violence, cruelty, or a mixture of all three at once. The world is at her grasp, and as a force aligned with evil, she has the option to be as fair as she so deigns.
what kind of evil holds its grasp on the throne?
“We didn't want you to be the ‘errand girl of Evil'. If you were just a grunt or a lackey, your ability to influence or change the world would be limited, and your responsibility for the fact that evil won would be reduced,” Tyranny director Brian Heins said in the game's debut developer's diary. “This required us to design our quests and content to reinforce this at every turn. We didn't want you being approached by random NPCs asking you to rescue their cat from a tree. Your choices shape nations, and the quests had to reflect that.”
Indeed, there's much to shape within Tyranny's world. Factions remain divided in the aftermath of the Overlord's victory. Villages struggle to build a sense of stability in their community while recuperating from the war. Depending on the backstory that the player chooses—which, according to PC Gamer, can shape the structure of entire villages—the entire course of the game can change drastically. Conflicts emerge and disappear based on the story the player creates from their world, leading to a realm of possibilities to navigate as a Fatebinder.
“Ultimately, RPGs are about the choices players make,” Heins wrote. “With Tyranny we wanted to focus our efforts on making the world react to player choices—both in game systems and in dialogue.” Indeed, Tyranny is fascinated with choice. What options are available for a ruler managing a post-war region? How does the past affect the present's stability—or lack thereof? Tyranny frets over these questions, allowing the player to tackle the world any way they choose. Of course, it's clear that evil reigns in Obsidian's new world; the question is, what kind of evil holds its grasp on the throne? Tyranny will let the player fill in the blank.
Tyranny is due out for PC in 2016. Find out more about it on its website.
August 6, 2013
Chrome does something interesting when you first run it.
The other day, I was using Chrome in development for an Ember.js app. I use Safari for day-to-day browsing, but it has a habit of aggressively caching files when I least expect it, so from time to time I switch to Chrome.
I decided to hit Chrome's “Import bookmarks now” link and see whether I could import my bookmarklets from Safari, so things would be nice and consistent between the two browsers. I didn't expect this:
This struck me as particularly odd. Why is “Saved passwords” greyed out, and mandatory? Why have a check-box? This is the illusion of choice. I think it's deeply misleading, and this is why:
This is a page in Chrome's settings panel:
See that “show” button? It does what you think it does.
There's no master password, no security, not even a prompt that “these passwords are visible”. Visit [chrome://settings/passwords](chrome://settings/passwords) in Chrome if you don't believe me.
There are two sides to this. The developer's side, and the user's side. Both roles have vastly different opinions as to how the computer works. Any time I try to draw attention to this, I get the usual responses from technical people:
Just use 1Pass
The computer is already insecure as soon as you have physical access
That's just how password management works
While all of these points are valid, this doesn't address the real problem: Google isn't clear about its password security.
In a world where Google promotes its browser on YouTube, in cinema pre-rolls, and on billboards, the clear audience is not developers. It's the mass market - the users. The overwhelming majority. They don't know it works like this. They don't expect it to be this easy to see their passwords. Every day, millions of normal, every-day users are saving their passwords in Chrome. This is not okay.
This dialog is even more misleading. By using words like “confidential information” and “stored in your keychain”, OSX describes the state of your saved password's current security. It's the very security Chrome is about to bypass, by displaying your passwords, in plain-text, outside your keychain, without requiring a password. When you visit a website, Chrome prompts for every password it can find for that domain.
Today, go up to somebody non-technical. Ask to borrow their computer. Visit [chrome://settings/passwords](chrome://settings/passwords) and click “show” on a few of the rows. See what they have to say.
I bet you it won't be “That's how password management works”.
Updates:
Justin Schuh who is head of Chrome security and called me “a novice”, says I'm wrong, and that this is not going to change.
Sir Tim Berners-Lee is with me. Is there a higher authority?
This is Google's page on “saving passwords”. Nothing about this feature. Why?
Covered in the press by:
Update
13,637 Kudos
BOSTON—A study published Monday by a group of linguists, historians, and semioticians has proved the concept of “the good old days” can be traced back to the weekend of June 19, 1948. “After extensive interviews, analysis of personal correspondence, and repeated viewings of that week's Ed Sullivan Show, we have pinpointed the precise time period this phrase signifies,” said researcher Patrick Washington, explaining that during the 48-hour period, no hard work went unrewarded and normal folks could count on hope for the future. “During this brief window, a man was a man, a woman was a woman, and people had the decency to stop you on the street and say hello. At least until Sunday at 11:53 p.m.” The study also confirmed that throughout these two “good old days” singer Peggy Lee was on the radio and the weather was just perfect.
Advertisement
Thousands of light-years away, on the outskirts of the Milky Way, astronomers have detected something no one's ever seen before – a binary star (two stars orbiting a common centre of mass) that's moving so fast, it's clocked speeds that almost rival the escape velocity of our galaxy. What does that mean? Something must be helping this star system gather such incredible momentum, and until now, the best explanation we had for hyper-velocity stars is that they were being propelled by the supermassive black holes that lurk in the centre of a galaxy. But here's the thing: this binary star is nowhere near a supermassive black hole. Named PB3877, and located about 18,000 light-years away from Earth, this binary star is not the first hyper-velocity star we've found in our galaxy. Astronomers have so far identified more than 20 hyper-velocity stars that seem hell-bent on getting to eff out of our cosmic neighbourhood. One such hyper-velocity star is US 708, which was confirmed in 2005 to be hurtling through the Milky Way at about 745 miles per second (that's 1,198 km per second, or 2.7 million miles per hour) – fast enough to escape the gravitational pull of the galaxy.
“At that speed you could travel from Earth to the Moon in 5 minutes,” said one of the researchers who found US 708, Eugene Magnier from the University of Hawaii. US 708 is expected to leave the Milky Way in about 25 million years. But all other hyper-velocity stars we've found up till this moment have been single stars. This is the first time astronomers have found a double-star system that's achieved hyper-velocity speeds. “We studied hyper-velocity stars since 2005, the year of discovery of the first three,” said one of the researchers behind the discovery, Ulrich Heber from the Friedrich Alexander University in Germany. “In the meantime about two dozen have been found, but all are single, none has a companion directly visible in its spectrum.” The fact that PB3877 is zooming through the outskirts of the Milky Way is another thing that sets it apart from anything else astronomers have found. All the other hyper-velocity stars we know about have been relatively close to the supermassive black hole at the centre of our galaxy, and physicists have generally agreed that that's how their incredible acceleration rates could be explained.
Now we have something that puts this hypothesis into serious question. PB3877 was first identified by researchers using data from the Sloan Digital Sky-Survey (SDSS) data in 2011, but back then, they thought it was a single star. Now, thanks to new observations made with the 10-metre Keck II telescope in Hawaii and the 8.2-metre Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile, the team in Germany was able to confirm that it was both a hyper-velocity star, and a binary system. It appears to consist of one super-hot star that's more than five times hotter than our Sun, and a companion that's 1,000 degrees cooler than our Sun. “When we looked at the new data, much to our surprise, we found weak absorption lines that could not come from the hot star,” says astronomer Thomas Kupfer from the California Institute of Technology. “The cool companion, just like the hot primary, shows a high radial velocity. Hence, the two stars form a binary system, which is the first hyper-velocity wide binary candidate.”
They also managed to map out its path to determine that it could not have originated from the centre of the Milky Way. This means it cannot have been accelerated by a supermassive black hole. “From our calculations we can exclude the galactic centre as the place of origin, because its trajectory never came close to it,” said team member Eva Ziegerer. “Other ejection mechanisms, such as stellar collisions and a supernova explosion, have been proposed, but all of them would lead to the disruption of a wide binary.” Instead, the team hypothesises that either a crapload of dark matter must be surrounding the star like a kind of ‘halo' to keep it stable at such incredible speeds at the edge of the galaxy, or PB3877 could be an intergalactic ‘intruder', formed in a neighbouring galaxy before infiltrating ours. It's not clear whether it will eventually make it outside the Milky Way. “We used different mass models to calculate the probability that the star will actually remain bound to the galaxy. Only for the most massive galaxy model this is the case,” said one of the researchers, Andreas Irrgang from the Dr Karl Remeis-Observatory in Germany. “This makes PB3877 an excellent target to probe dark matter halo models.”
The findings have been published in the Astrophysical Journal Letters, and according to the team, the mere existence of this binary system puts pressure on accepted models and our current understanding of dark matter in the Milky Way. Somebody tell Stephen Hawking to get his spacecraft out there to give us a better look.
In his speech announcing the end of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III cited “the rule of law” in his explanation as to why Donald Trump and his administration sided with white supremacists to end a program that actually was lawful.
But as the Washington Post's Greg Sargent and others noted, Donald Trump seems to have forgotten all about that “rule of law” stuff when it came to his questionable pardon of the lawless, criminal Joe Arpaio, as well as his other outrageous actions as president:
x Sessions cites rule of law. Trump
Pardoned Arpaio
Trampled process on Muslim ban
Fired Comey
Wanted Sessions' protection from Russia probe Ã¢ÂÂ Greg Sargent (@ThePlumLineGS) September 5, 2017
x Striking to hear Sessions wax poetic about importance of the rule of law in light of the Arpaio pardon. Ã¢ÂÂ Garrett Haake (@GarrettHaake) September 5, 2017
x Sessions defers to Ã¢ÂÂrule of lawÃ¢ÂÂ while Trump pardoned racist who wasnÃ¢ÂÂt following the rule of law, &Trump showed contempt for it in pardon. Ã¢ÂÂ Mike Signorile (@MSignorile) September 5, 2017
Joey Bosa was a four-star recruit coming out of St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Rivals ranked him as the 4th best strongside defensive end and 47th overall nationally from the 2013 class. Bosa was recruited to play for many SEC and ACC schools including Alabama, Auburn, Florida State, but chose to play for the Ohio State Buckeyes. He enters the 2016 NFL Draft as one of the top defensive lineman and most likely a top five pick.
College Career Overview
Bosa started for the Buckeyes as a true freshman in 10 of their 14 games recording 7.5 sacks and 44 tackles. He was named a freshman All-American. Continuing with his collegiate success, Bosa recorded another 13.5 sacks his sophomore year. He was suspended for the first game of his junior season for an undisclosed team issue, and recorded just 5 sacks his junior year.
Fun Fact: John Bosa, Joey's father, played for the Miami Dolphins back in the 1980's, while his brother, Nick, is a five-star recruit in the 2016 class and recently committed to play for the Buckeyes as well.
Measureables
DOB 1994 Bench (225 lbs) 24 Height 6'5” Vertical Jump 32″ Weight 269 lbs Broad Jump 10′ Arms 33.375 in 20 Yard Shuttle 4.21 sec Hands 10.25 in 3 Cone Drill 6.89 sec 40-Yard Dash (10 yd split) 4.86 sec (1.69 sec) 60 Yard Shuttle DNP
Stats and Awards
Ohio State University (2013-2015) 2015 – 51 tackles (16.0 for loss), 5.0 sacks, 1 INT, 4 PD, 1 FF Consensus All-American, First Team All-Big Ten, Smith-Brown DL of the Year 2014 – 55 tackles (21.0 for loss), 13.5 sacks, 1 PD, 4 FF Unanimous ALL-American, First-Team All-Big Ten, Nagurski-Woodson DPOY, Smith-Brown DL of the Year 2013 – 44 tackles (13.5 for loss), 7.5 sacks, 1 PD Freshman All-American, Freshman All-Big Ten
Scouting Report
Mainly lined up as a 5-tech or 7-tech, but has experience lining up as 3-tech in various packages.
Great nose for football. Always seems to be around the ball.
Used a few times in pass coverage in underneath zones.
Primarily rushed from a three point stance. Stays low in stance using good knee bend.
NFL-ready body since high school.
Excellent motor when play is in front of him, doesn't offer much in terms of backside pursuit (but could be a scheme issue).
Not afraid to get dirty and dive into a pile of bodies or gang-tackle.
Understands the one arm is longer than two concepts able to hold off an offensive lineman with his length using just one arm.
Rarely gets caught by a cut block using his hands to swipe away a diving blocker.
Some experience with stunts, but was used primarily as an edge rusher or brought inside as a 3-tech defensive tackle.
Dealt with double teams and chipping running backs from the backfield his junior year which inhibited pass rush production.
Will occasionally lose contain when he misreads the play or it flows too hard one direction for his cutback lane.
Has a mean streak, but was typically not flagged for any late hits. He was ejected from the Notre Dame Fiesta Bowl game for targeting, though.
Very powerful first punch on the offensive lineman.
Shows a variety of pass rush moves: bullrush, double-swipe.
Above average speed, but not the quick-twitch athlete you want to see from a top-tier prospect.
Due to lack of quick-twitch muscles, he doesn't (and rarely attempted) covert speed-to-power.
Incredible power and elite hand-fighting to win battles.
Uses his natural length to stack and shed blockers in run support. Excellent run defender.
Teams opted not to run at him directly in 2015 or if they did they would send double teams his way at the point of attack.
Film Study
This article is broken into three pages: (1) General notes and scouting report, (2) Pass rush, and (3) run defense and pro comparison.
To write this piece I watched six games from his 2015 campaign: Hawaii, Penn State, Rutgers, Western Michigan, Michigan State, and Notre Dame.
General Notes
The first thing that jumps out at me when I was watching his tape was hit natural use of length and how great he used his hands. As a defensive lineman, he does an amazing job of hand-fighting to make sure no blocker can get a firm grip on him. This is by far his best traits: Length + Hands. With that being said, since he lined up primarily against the right tackle, he did not face any elite offensive lineman like Ronnie Staley of Notre Dame, for example.
One major reason for his lack of production compared to his sophomore campaign in which he collected 13.5 sacks was that he drew more double-teams in 2015. While he attempted to fight through them and was able to still make it a fair battle, Bosa was limited in these attempts. The good news is that his ability to penetrate by the fact that opposing coaches had to game plan for him meant that other defenders got 1v1 matches. Here are a couple of plays:
Another consistent thing I saw was that he was tackle-reading pre-snap meaning that he was watching the offensive tackle react to the snap versus watching the football. This is very conservative and hindered his pass rush as he was always behind the rest of the defensive line. Here's an example of him arriving late to the party.
I mentioned in the scouting report that he was ejected for targeting in the Fiesta Bowl game versus Notre Dame. As you will see in the play below, this was clearly the correct call by the officials as he lowers his helmet and delivers a blow using the crown of his helmet to the quarterback's stomach.
On the next page we will take a look at his pass rushing skills.
A team of German researchers has successfully induced lucid dreaming via electrical brain stimulation for the first time. Their method, detailed in today's publication of Nature Neuroscience, could be used to further study the nature of consciousness during sleep or even to reduce the severity of nightmares.
In a typical dream, the sleeper is unaware that they are dreaming, but in a lucid dream, the sleeper realizes they're dreaming, thus allowing them to consciously awaken or even take control of the dream's plot and contents. Ever wanted to fly? In a lucid dream, you can.
Previous research has demonstrated that lucid dreams are accompanied by brain wave activity in the gamma band, at a frequency of around 40 Hz. With this in mind, the researchers asked a simple question:
"Does lucid dreaming trigger gamma-band activity or does gamma-band activity trigger lucid dreaming?"
To answer that query, the researchers brought 27 healthy subjects (15 female, 12 male) who had never lucid dreamed into the sleep laboratory of the Department of Clinical Neurophysiology at the University Medical Center Göttingen in Germany. Over the next four nights, subjects were allowed to sleep until after 3 a.m. Starting at that time, when brain scanners confirmed that they were in REM sleep -- the stage of sleep when dreaming occurs -- researchers applied electrical current to subjects' brains via the scalp at frequencies of either 2, 6, 12, 25, 40, 70 or 100 Hz or "sham" (no current applied at all) for 30 seconds. Subjects were subsequently awakened after a few minutes and extensively questioned about their dreams.
The researchers found that applying electrical current in the gamma band at 40 Hz induced lucid dreaming in 77% of subjects. At 25 Hz, 58% of subjects experienced lucid dreams. No other frequencies yielded significant levels of lucid dreaming.
As you can imagine, some of the participants' descriptions of their dreams were odd, to say the least, especially considering that none of them had ever lucid dreamed before:
I was dreaming about lemon cake. It looked translucent, but then again, it didn't. It was a bit like in an animated movie, like the Simpsons. And then I started falling and the scenery changed and I was talking to Matthias Schweighöfer (a German actor) and 2 foreign exchange students. And I was wondering about the actor and they told me “yes, you met him before,” so then I realized “oops, you are dreaming.” I mean, while I was dreaming! So strange!
Apart from prompting hilarious dream recollections, the authors note that inducing lucid dreams can be of particular use to sufferers of post-traumatic stress disorder. Those afflicted with PTSD often experience terrible and frequent nightmares. If an automated system of brain stimulation can be devised to trigger lucid dreaming during REM sleep, patients could actively control their nightmares to make them less stressful.
Source: Ursula Voss, Romain Holzmann, Allan Hobson, Walter Paulus, Judith Koppehele-Gossel, Ansgar Klimke, & Michael A Nitsche. "Induction of self awareness in dreams through frontal low current stimulation of gamma activity." Nature Neuroscience. published online 11 May 2014; doi:10.1038/nn.3719
(Top Image: Shutterstock)
X Rebirth is a typical Egosoft game: complex, big, broken in all kinds of ways. I've been playing it a bit, as you probably expected. I'll have a Wot I Think early next week, and you should at least wait until then before thinking about buying it, because thus far it's been a bit of a mess. Here's what the first few hours have taught me.
Well, the first lesson is that you can't judge an X game by the trailers and screenshots that got me so very, very excited. X Rebirth is, as the title suggests, a stab at a renewal: turning a series that was notoriously difficult to new players into a more accessible space game. Until now, it's been a series that moved at a meditative pace, and one that you'd get the most out of if you have a mind for management and economy. It's ponderous, and was built for a community that loves the slow, whale-like ships, detailed manufacturing set-ups, and a complicated UI. For everyone else, there is hopefully X Rebirth.
Hopefully.
It's functionally attractive, full of stars and light and ships and life, and well as being spectacularly pretty. I've discovered that the new way it deals with systems, one huge area with several zones around it, has given Egosoft leeway to create massive, incomprehensibly attractive dioramas that dominate the backdrop. The first of these I come across is a cracked open planet. From one of the outer zones, it looks like a moment caught in time: continent-sized lumps flying into space, the planet split open wide enough to see space on the other side of it. But I didn't imagine I'd be dragged into it, through it, and out the other side, nor that I'd be stopping off at a city built inside the broken body of the planet.
But the care taken over how it looks and feels (it has to be said that the ship is reasonably responsive, though I've discovered unbindable keys in the controls), NPCs are basically badly-lit mannequins. In fact, that human element is the root of the biggest strain on my enjoyment thus far. The writing is appallingly low-grade, with chats occasionally ending in: “Nice Chat – Not!”, because Wayne's World has somehow remained culturally relevant hundreds of years into the future. Worse still is your co-pilot. Even if care wasn't taken over the random salesmen you'll encounter, I'd have expected more attention to be paid to your constant companion. She is disastrous: a cliché spouting wreck, voiced by someone who sounds like she's reading the script for the first time.
This is a real problem that extends throughout the game, not only because it impinges on whatever immersion they're aiming for (and missed by a mile), but because it has actively hurt my understanding of what's going on. In order to buy certain items, you need to leave the ship and walk around on one of the many stations, hunting for the correct person to talk to (who're all unmoving and occupy the same positions in each system's identikit station design). If you can't find that person, it's possible to ask someone for directions. Except they'll often snap at you and not tell you where you need to go, and for the most part there's no way of telling how they'll react until they have. It can be a huge waste of time. I think I'd rather be insulted via the previous game's menu-driven system. It's quicker.
It's strange that so much that was front and centre before is now hidden and awkward to get to, and the reasons for hiding it (immersion) are poorly designed. They've stripped a lot of functionality away for the sake of this immersion. In the cockpit, you can see your ammo, ship health, etc. But the view is totally cut down, with lots of solid elements in the way. At a basic level, this makes it tough to keep track of moving targets, and it gets in the way of the oh-so gorgeous world. And if you want a deeper look into trades or the map, you'll swivel away and look at a panel that extrudes from the ship's chassis, examining a menu that would be better served as a projection on the main view. And a lot of interaction is clearly designed for joypad, requiring you to flick through menu after menu to get to selection that could easily be number 15 on a list.
In some cases, really useful features have been lost. There's no auto-pilot, so for long trips through multiple systems you're required to nurse your ship through each jump gate. Yes, it's not as slow as the previous games, but there was more to it than that: I honestly felt more immersed in the world when I could set my ship going then sit back and admire the AI moving to and fro. That can still happen, to some degree. I can just hang about in a zone and watch, but it's not the same as setting a course and feeling part of the world. Still, I've done that more than once, because sitting and watching the energy freighters manoeuvring, thrumming and fat with cells, is wonderful, particularly around stations: the vast space cities that players can build are like metallic coral reefs, surrounded by ships looking for sustenance. There's one set of ships (the name eludes me at this moment) who have a little shoal of ships flitting around them. They're mindless little drones, but I can't stop crawling along beside their mothership and watching how they fuss over her bulk.
And it scales: I am just at a point in the plot (still the tutorial, really) where a huge battle is taking place, and there are dozens of ships on screen. Huge, lumbering things spouting out flickering bolts of electricity at each other. There is a phenomenal amount of fury and it looks lovely. Of course, now I've said that, I followed a prompt that asked me to dock with a ship, and now it's not acknowledging that I'm there. I hope I can carry on. Item 151 on today's glitch list, which so far has included an audio setting crash, and getting stuck in a mission because I followed the prompts on screen and did what it said, which apparently wasn't the way to do that mission. I've not had any real performance issues, though: my i7, 6GB of RAM, and 580 seems capable of supporting huge battles at a decent lick.
But, yeah. I'm a bit lost and sad, and really annoyed with myself that I didn't see this coming. I'm sorry! I can see what they wanted to do, which sadly means I can see exactly where it's gone wrong. Who knows? Maybe when I'm done with the tutorial and the game opens up, all this will make sense? Perhaps the UI will magically seem useable, and the chats I have with the annoying NPCs will turn into a stroke of genius? The menu has a ‘Free Play' option (and like the rest of the game, it's a cut-down version of the previous X's multi-choice character start points), so I might just dip into that if the plot fails to resolve/work. If there's a game under all this ‘immersion', I intend to find it.
4 98 VOTES OMGZ! Who is Annoying Facebook Girl?
Annoying Facebook Girl is that person on Facebook that overshares, overdoes photo tricks and pretty much lives her life for and/or around letting people know exactly what she's doing. She's starved for attention and she uses all the oldest tricks in the book (MySpace angles, Duckface...) as if it's 2001.
The template is usually one of these:
or
This meme largely serves as a way for people to point out and vent exactly what they hate about what some of their closest friends (or just people that annoy them) do on Facebook.
45 53 Is this the worst?
So, here are the most annoying things people do on Facebook, because when anyone does one of these things on Facebook (male or female), they are acting like a teenage girl that makes faces like hers.
Nova Scotia's education minister has proposed funding a pilot project that could keep a Cape Breton school open and have some of its unused space turned over to outside institutions and businesses.
George D. Lewis School in historic Louisbourg is supposed to close for good in June, one of 17 schools the Cape Breton-Victoria Regional School Board voted last year to shutter as enrolments decline.
Brett Hanham, vice-chair of the newly formed George D. Lewis Gateways to Opportunity Society, said the new idea is to rent out space in the building and students would in turn learn from the tenants.
He said the Cape Breton Regional Municipality would like to move municipal staff in the town to the building, Louisbourg Seafoods would set up an office, and there is support from Cape Breton University and the Fortress of Louisbourg.
George D. Lewis School is scheduled to close at the end of June. (George Mortimer/CBC)
"It is a community development piece, it's an economic development piece, it's a social development piece," said Hanham. "It's a much bigger piece where we're working with bringing in artisans into the community, bringing in trades people, Louisbourg Seafoods and others."
The tenants would share their business ideas and creative ideas with the students as a learning experience.
Education minister's proposal
The group met with staff from Nova Scotia's Department of Education last week asking for help. Education Minister Karen Casey wrote to the school board chair, Darren Googoo, with a proposal.
"The proposal uses excess space in the school and builds a 'classrooms in the community' approach with support from universities, the federal government, CBRM and local businesses," Casey wrote.
"I am proposing a pilot project with the society, the partners they have assembled and the school board," Casey continued. "To support the pilot, the department will work with your finance staff to provide funding to offset an appropriate portion of the school operating costs for the next year while the pilot gets underway."
Monday night meeting
Googoo said the idea will be discussed at a board meeting tonight.
"This has to be one of those things that we have to look at carefully before we make any decision on what we're going to do as a board," Googoo said.
He expects a decision on the minister's offer to be made some time in May.
A community development group had previously proposed a hub school model where unused space is rented out to government and business groups to help pay the cost of operation.
The idea was rejected by the Cape Breton-Victoria Regional School board following an independent review — it came down to money.
"Mainly, it was the financial reasons and it was because we didn't have money, we had commitments, we had letters of intent but no money," Hanham said.
To mark the 10th anniversary of John Lewis' Christmas ads, the retailer has teamed up with Lego and Bright Bricks to recreate five of its iconic festive ads.
John Lewis hopes it will be a “fun new way” to extend the shelf life of its Christmas campaign, which launched earlier this month.
Bright Bricks, the professional Lego building company, recreated five iconic scenes from the John Lewis adverts which first shot to fame in 2011 when the retailer unveiled The Long Wait.
The ad took a more emotionally-led, narrative approach to the most important campaign on the retail calendar, and set the scene for other retailers to follow-suit.
Five scenes from snowman love story The Journey, The Bear and the Hare, Monty the Penguin, and Man on the Moon, to this year's ad Buster the Boxer, have been created with nearly 10,000 pieces of Lego.
The creation of each scene has been documented with time lapse videos that can be seen on a dedicated landing page on the John Lewis site. The scenes will be displayed in the Toys section of John Lewis' flagship store on Oxford Street until 8 December.
The idea behind the Lego ad is to extend the life of its Christmas campaign by building out activations digitally and in-store. The retailer is celebrating 10 years of Christmas ads, after taking a three-year break from TV in the run up to 2007.
A John Lewis spokesperson said: “This is the first year that we've brought our Christmas advert to life in Lego form, and it was a great project to be a part of. We're always looking for ways to surprise and delight customers, particularly around Christmas, and we're sure that adults and children alike will enjoy the display in our Oxford Street shop.”
After quietly leaving UTA last week, Idris Elba is the hot actor in play, and it's suspected he'll either land at WME or CAA. Elba seems poised to finally make that transition from great actor to movie star, so he's a real catch. But the gang at UTA certainly did their job; the agency booked him into Prometheus, Thor, Pacific Rim and Mandela: The Long Walk To Freedom, the latter a film the agency packaged around director client Justin Chadwick. By the time he's done starring in Guillermo del Toro's Pacific Rim this summer and following up by playing Nelson Mandela in the Oscar–bait Weinstein Company release later this year, Elba should finally reach that level of stardom that has inexplicably eluded him. I must say that after watching his turns in The Wire and especially Neil Cross's British crime series Luther, I find it baffling it has taken this long; how many actors out there are as good as this guy? Elba has also established himself as a serial agency jumper in the U.S. He moved from ICM to CAA, back to ICM, and then chose UTA over WME and CAA two years ago. He remains managed by Anonymous Content and agented by Ken McReddie Associates in the UK.
//\\
A little feedback, since you asked about our biggest issue with the asset.Overall, the package looks very interesting. You seem to have developed a robust inventory system that has a lot of features. My current project does not require an inventory system, but I have put your system on my watch list for another project that will require one. I am looking forward to seeing how this asset grows in the meantime.On the constructive criticism end, there are a few things you could to improve your presentation of the project.First, your sample demo did not sell me the asset at all. I did not understand the point of it, since all you could do was open and close the inventory window. It was not until I watched the YouTube video above that I realized those boxes in the scene had a purpose and that you could click on them. This needs to be clear inside the demo. To me, a white box is just how you build a demo level, not a pickup. (I did try running into them in case they did something, but did not think of clicking on them.)Additionally, the controls for the demo are listed outside of the demo window. They should be in GUI text. I opened the demo full screen by default and did not see them until I had exited out of the demo.On your Asset Store page for "The InventorySystem - Normal", none of the links to your Pro version or the demo work. The Pro page links do not work either. The demo link is "http:devdog.nl/unity/inventorysystem/". The links to your other Asset Store pages are all " https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/# ".[SNIP] Ignore my previous comment on the YouTube video. Turns out a recent Firefox crashed somehow cranked the volume of all YouTube videos up to max. Sorry for the user error.Looking forward to seeing how this asset evolves. Good luck with it.Also, I really like the product image you used on both pages. That is an great looking bag full of interesting stuff.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The Economist writes about robots:
No matter how flexible, easy to program and safe they are, collaborative workers may not be welcomed by human workers to begin with. The experience of Alumotion, an Italian distributor of UR's robots, is illustrative. Workers fear being replaced by robots, says co-owner Fabio Facchinetti, so his salespeople carry demonstration units in unmarked cases and initially only meet a potential client's senior management behind closed doors.
Roger that. So how do we make humans more accepting of robots? Part of the answer, as near as I can tell, is the usual: other, higher ranking humans will tell lies about how the robots will never, ever take away your job. They'll just help you do your job better! But there's also this:
Workers generally warm to collaborative robots quickly….And because workers themselves do the programming, they tend to regard the robots as subordinate assistants. This is good for morale….To keep human workers at ease, collaborative robots should also have an appropriate size and appearance. Takayuki Kanda of the ATR Intelligent Robotics and Communication Laboratories in Kyoto says that collaborative, humanoid robots should generally be no larger than a six-year-old, a size most adults reckon they could overpower if necessary. ….It turns out, for example, that people are more trusting of robots that use metaphors rather than abstract language, says Bilge Mutlu….He has found that robots are more persuasive when they refer to the opinions of humans and limit pauses to about a third of a second to avoid appearing confused. Robots' gazes must also be carefully programmed lest a stare make someone uncomfortable. ….When a person enters a room, robots inside should pause for a moment and acknowledge the newcomer, a sign of deference that puts people at ease….It is vital that a robot of this sort is not perceived as hostile, but as having its owner's best interests at heart….One way to do this is to give robots a defining human trait—the ability to make mistakes. Maha Salem, a researcher under Dr Dautenhahn, programmed a humanoid Asimo robot, made by Honda, to make occasional harmless mistakes such as pointing to one drawer while talking about another. When it comes to household robots, test subjects prefer those that err over infallible ones, Dr Salem says.
So this is how robots will eventually become our overlords. They will keep themselves small and supposedly easy to overpower. They will traffic in charming metaphors. They will pretend to care about our opinions. They will avoid eye contact. They will feign deference. They will simulate charming clumsiness. And, of course, they will mount a massive PR campaign aimed at getting Hollywood to portray robots not as the relentless killing machines they are, but as harmless, friendly little eco-bots. They will do all this while Skynet takes over behind the scenes. You have been warned.
The Home Office has confirmed there is still no timetable for the rollout of ID card readers, without which carrying out effective ID checks is impossible.
So even though the government is continuing to foist the cards on foreigners, airside workers at City of London and Manchester airports and pilots, there is no way to check the cards are genuine. Official advice is to flick the cards with a fingernail because they make a distinctive noise.
Home Office minister Phil Woolas told the House of Commons yesterday that there was no schedule for the distribution of ID card readers to police stations, border entry points, job centres or local authorities.
He said: "In time, card readers will be made available so that the cardholder's biometric and biographical features can be checked against the card, although a timetable for their introduction has not been established."
The cards are already being handed to foreign nationals with leave to stay, and the lucky people of Manchester will get the chance to hand over £60 to get their hands on a card from later this year. Wacky Jacqui Smith has previously claimed that people can't wait for ID cards.
The point of the cards was to provide biometric checks of identity. That information is held on a chip within the card - without a reader there is no way to access this information.
Anyone using the card to identify someone is advised to flick the card to check how it sounds. If they still have concerns there is a phoneline with further advice.
It emerged in February that the government was pushing ahead with issuing cards despite the lack of readers.
Tory leader David Cameron has promised to scrap the scheme if elected. ®
Iran was given secret exemptions allowing the country to exceed restrictions set out by the landmark nuclear deal inked last year, some of which were made public this week by the United Nations nuclear watchdog and others that are likely still being withheld, according to diplomatic sources and a top nuclear expert who spoke to THE WEEKLY STANDARD.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on Friday posted documents revealing that Iran had been given exemptions in January that permit the country to stockpile uranium in excess of the 300 kilogram limit set by the nuclear deal, experts said. The agreements had been kept secret for almost a year, but recent reports indicated that the Trump administration intended to make them public.
TWS TWS reported earlier in December that top Democratic senators also supported releasing the documents.
Some details of the exemptions had previously been leaked. The Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS) Some details of the exemptions had previously been leaked. The Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS) revealed in September that Iran had been allowed to exceed certain caps in the deal so that the country could come into compliance with the deal's terms.
Administration officials dismissed the ISIS report at the time, and surrogates who White House officials have described as the administration's " echo chamber " criticized the organization.
"The administration was really nasty after we released these documents," David Albright, the founder and president of ISIS, told TWS on Friday. "It was very tough for us to get the information. ... I think that if we hadn't released, they had every intention to keep it secret. They may have given lip service to openness, but I think their intention was to keep it secret."
Albright credited the release of the documents as a step towards greater transparency, despite administration attempts to conceal the agreements.
"You just have to ask the question of, what else is being hidden?" said Albright. "The administration did it to try to minimize the chance that people would know what was in these decisions, and certainly keep those people from talking to people like me in the technical community that can actually interpret what's in those decisions."
A source who works with Congress on the Iran issue and who had been briefed on some of the exemptions confirmed that assessment.
"The Obama team was just hoping to get through the next few weeks without revealing that they've been allowing Iran to go beyond the nuclear deal the whole time," said the source. "That way the president and Secretary of State Kerry could keep declaring that Iran has been following the deal, and their echo chamber could keep saying the nuclear deal is working."
"But now it's public. The only reason that the nuclear deal is still in place is because the Obama team has been secretly rewriting to let Iran cheat. The only question is, what's still not being told?"
The now-confirmed exemptions reported on by ISIS include allowing Iran to keep low-enriched uranium (LEU) in various forms beyond what's allowed under the nuclear deal. The concession applies to forms that have been "deemed unrecoverable" for use in a nuclear weapon, and Iran has promised not to build a facility to try to recover them.
That language is not in the nuclear deal, and Obama officials have struggled to defend it. At a State Department press briefing in September after the release of the ISIS report, journalists That language is not in the nuclear deal, and Obama officials have struggled to defend it. At a State Department press briefing in September after the release of the ISIS report, journalists pressed spokesperson John Kirby on the decision.
"You're using this term that's not in the document. I'm just trying to figure out how we can actually check that or understand what it means," said Associated Press reporter Bradley Klapper. "If you say some things are usable but some things aren't, but I don't know which are which, that's not spelled out in the document. That seems to be a new idea here."
Albright suggested to TWS that the uranium could actually be recoverable and used in a rush to a nuclear weapon. The State Department in September distorted the nature of the exemption, he said.
Aces - High Performance - International Cricket
Phillips off to CPL with Jamaica Tallawahs
BLACKCAPS and Auckland Aces' keeper batsman Glenn Phillips is off to the Caribbean Premier League, joining the Jamaica Tallawahs.
Phillips links up with his Aces coach, Mark O'Donnell, who is Paul Nixon's assistant coach at the Tallawahs.
O'Donnell knows just how dynamic Phillips can be in the shortest form of cricket.
“Glenn is valuable to any team he joins as he can turn a game on its head with his batting. He is also handy behind the stumps so to have him as a keeping option is also helpful for the Tallawahs,” says O'Donnell.
It is Phillips' first time in the CPL and he joins fellow Aces Martin Guptill, Colin Munro and Mitchell McClenaghan at the tournament.
In just a short time on the domestic scene, Phillips has made quite an impression, earning selection in the BLACKCAPS T20 side last season after carving up in the domestic Super Smash competition.
Phillips scored 374 runs in the 2016/17 Super Smash at an average of 41.55 and was also the first New Zealand domestic player to score a century in every format – First Class, List A and T20.
A proposed 40-story condo tower along the banks of the Mississippi River faces another delay.
A Hennepin County district judge issued a stay that temporarily prohibits Twin Cities-based Alatus from tearing down a 90-year-old building to make way for the tower while Neighbors for East Bank Livability, a neighborhood group, appeals an earlier decision allowing the demolition.
As a condition of the stay, the neighborhood group posted a $100,000 surety bond.
Last week's decision involves one of several attempts by neighbors to block construction of the 214-unit tower, which would occupy a quarter-block site that's owned by Alatus.
That site is at the corner of Central Avenue and 2nd Street SE. in the Marcy Holmes neighborhood, which for decades has been occupied by a Tudor-style building that was once the St. Anthony Falls Commercial Club but most recently was a Washburn-McReavy Funeral Home.
Just across the Mississippi River from downtown Minneapolis, the building site is in an area that is dominated by low-rise storefronts built in the early 1900s. Because of its proximity to downtown and its strong sense of place, the area has been popular with developers who have already built hundreds of new rental apartments.
In 1971, a wide swath of neighborhoods on both sides of the river was included in the St. Anthony Falls Historic District, a national designation that restricts various aspects of development in the area, which includes St. Anthony Falls and the saw and flour mills that it once powered.
In November, Alatus planned to begin demolition of two buildings on the site, including the Tudor-style building. Neighbors for East Bank Livability, or NEBL, contend the building contributes to the historic district.
Late last year, William Griffith of the Larkin Hoffman law firm filed an appeal on behalf of NEBL, which has pursued two sets of claims that are focused on demolition of the building and the project's incompatibility with multiple guidelines that govern development in the St. Anthony Falls Historic District and Marcy Holmes.
In September, the Minneapolis Planning Commission granted Alatus a conditional-use permit and variances to exceed overlapping regulations that limit height and density limits in the area.
NEBL contends that the approval is an “extreme departure” from the city's own regulations, and would set a “dangerous precedent placing historic and residential districts across Minneapolis at risk.”
The group contends that by approving the project, the Planning Commission overruled the Minneapolis Heritage Preservation Commission, which rejected the zoning variance based on the height of the 483-foot tower.
The narrow tower will set atop a broader base that will include a lobby, parking, housing and retail.
The tower will have 40 floors of living space. A penthouse and elevator mechanicals extend an additional two stories.
At a court hearing late last year, Judge Daniel Moreno ordered the parties to a trial that would have happened in March. But it was canceled and the claims related to demolition of the structure, which were brought about as a Minnesota Environmental Rights Act (MERA) claim, were dismissed in a series of summary judgments. MERA is a state statute aimed primarily at protecting natural resources, but resources with historic designation have also been under consideration under the act.
NEBL appealed to the Minnesota Court of Appeals challenging the dismissal.
Jim Buchta • 612-673-7376
For anyone who lives in one of Kansas City's many neighborhoods without easy access to a grocery store, it sounds too good to be true: Instead of battling the weather, coordinating transportation and lugging a week's worth of food back home, what if the store came to you? That is the simple premise behind Rollin' Grocer, the Kansas City area's first mobile grocery store, in a custom-built trailer.
I dropped by the store on a chilly evening during its final stop of the day, at 31st Street and Harrison. The setting sun lit the truck from behind, momentarily turning the vehicle into a glowing oasis in a city pocked with food deserts. With about 90 stops a month and a service area that spans east Kansas City to Bonner Springs, the store makes fresh, affordable food available to hundreds of people who need it.
“Walking eight blocks to the grocery store is not OK,” co-owner and community coordinator Natasha El-Scari told me. “Rollin' Grocer is very fresh. It's modern — I always refer to it as sexy. I actually don't enjoy grocery shopping, so it's awesome to be in such a small space and just get your stuff and go.”
This was not my always-packed neighborhood Price Chopper. Without the crowded parking lots and long lines that make grocery shopping a chore, Rollin' Grocer feels more like a visit to a friend — a friend who has the best snacks and is always jazzed to see you. No, it's actually more like having that friend drop by your place with a bag of food. That evening, El-Scari greeted everyone who entered with a smile and, sometimes, a hug.
“Welcome,” she said as a young woman stepped through the door and gazed around the climate-controlled trailer and its stock of whatever you'd find at a traditional grocery store — fresh produce, meat, canned goods, spices, personal-care items. “I'm glad you made it out. When I saw you walking by a minute ago I almost chased you down.”
Because the need in Kansas City is so great, El-Scari is serious about people seeing the store for themselves. For anyone who has lived in a neighborhood where acquiring fresh fruits and vegetables means a commute across town, the need for Rollin' Grocer is already apparent. The store's founder, Jessica Royer, first got the idea for a mobile market after a revealing conversation with a friend.
“She [Royer] didn't understand what food equity and a food desert was until she was with a friend who made a request to go to the ‘white grocery store,' ” El-Scari told me. “She was like, ‘What's the white grocery store?' And her friend was like, ‘Where they have the good groceries.' That was what prompted her.”
A little more than a year later, Rollin' Grocer is, well, rolling, with new stops being added each month. El-Scari said the idea is to find neighborhoods — typically food deserts — where a lot of children, students or seniors live. All of the store's owners have families, and one of their goals from the beginning was to offer enough variety that someone could purchase a week's worth of groceries from the truck. First-time customers are often amazed by what they find.
“I would say hands down that the best part of being on the store is watching people come on for the first time,” El-Scari said. “I love to ask people to guess how many things are on the store. They'll come up with all types of numbers — but they hardly ever guess right. When they realize it's over 650, they go, Whoa.”
It's also well-organized, stocked with kale, oranges, frozen side dishes, dry goods, milk, juice, soda, snack foods, crackers, chips, bread, peanut butter, pancake mix, condiments — and other things you didn't even know you were looking for. The inventory even boasts pickled pigs feet, a customer request. The ice cream is a big hit, especially with the seniors.
El-Scari showed me some locally made spices that she uses to season her chicken wings. Nearby, another woman shopped for dinner, making sure to grab some on-sale cookies for dessert. The design of the store allowed the steady stream of customers, many of whom arrived on foot, to flow through the space without it seeming crowded. El-Scari credits this functionality to the women who created it.
“Women just have an eye for organization,” she said. “We have awesome men on our team, but the initial idea of what the store should look and feel like came from people who do more of the grocery shopping for their family, which by and large is women, unfortunately.”
In addition to the broad inventory, another thing that surprises people is how much ground the store can cover with just one truck. Still, El-Scari said a second truck is in the works. She hopes this will allow Rollin' Grocer to reach even more people in the metro, especially during harsh Midwestern winters.
For now, as the store continues to grow and add new stops, social media is the best way to track it and view its monthly schedule. El-Scari said the team uses Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to reach current customers and make contact with new ones.
“I think our model is really revolutionary,” El-Scari said. “It's not perfect, but that's why we do the work we do every day, so we can get better and faster and more efficient and have more offerings for our customers. It's an awesome adventure.”
Search Gallery Portrait of a wild White Fronted Amazon parrot DianePhotos 171 That's my kiwi!!! - Campbell hamster DianePhotos 99 Dellingr - Fancy Rat DianePhotos 260 The golden one DianePhotos 99 King Lorich - Fancy Rat DianePhotos 523 Just smile DianePhotos 1,650 Lothar 2 - Fancy rat DianePhotos 2,223 The Three Stooges - Fancy rats DianePhotos 2,799 Complementary colors DianePhotos 60 Louis, Fancy Rat DianePhotos 520 Hepha - Fancy Rat DianePhotos 287 Curious piggy DianePhotos 150 Arkanys 8 - Fancy rat DianePhotos 17,337 Rose - rescue rabbit DianePhotos 185 Dellingr - Fancy Rat DianePhotos 219 Pink nose DianePhotos 133 I'm blue, dabadee dabadaa... DianePhotos 171 Fenrir 6 - Fancy rat DianePhotos 2,719 Feirefiz 3 - Fancy rat DianePhotos 1,195 Taz - Fancy Rat DianePhotos 601 Thjazi 2 - Fancy rat DianePhotos 5,096 Thorim 2 - Fancy rat DianePhotos 1,373 Ceresia - Fancy Rat DianePhotos 202 Tiny jewel DianePhotos 106
According to a research abstract that will be presented on June11, at Sleep 2009, the 23rd Annual Meeting of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies, a link exists between the severity of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and weight gain.
Results indicate that people with an apnea-hypopnea index (AHI), the average of the combined episodes of apnea and hypopnea that occur per hour of sleep, of over 15 had an increase in body mass index (BMI) of 0.52 kg/m2 compared to those with an AHI between 5 and 15, who saw an increase of 0.22 kg/m2.
According to lead author Mark Brown, MD, Department of Psychiatry at the University of Arizona College of Medicine in Tucson, people suffering from more severe OSA may be more likely to gain more weight than those with less severe OSA over time.
"OSA is a disorder characterized by decreases or cessation of breathing during sleep. Obesity is a known risk factor for the disorder; however, it is hypothesized that the effects of OSA itself may predispose patients to weight gain," said Brown.
The study included data from 3,001 men and women from the Sleep Heart Health Study (SHHS) with an average age of 62.19. Of the sample, 55.2 percent of participants were female and 76.1 percent were Caucasian. Participants were classified as having no (AHI of less than 5), moderate (AHI between 5 and 15), and severe OSA (AHI of over 15). Weight and polysomnograph information were collected. Linear regression was used to examine the association between AHI groups and the change in BMI over approximately five years. The final model was adjusted for age, gender, race, initial BMI and change in AHI over 5 years.
Abstract Title: Sleep-Disorded Breathing and Weight Gain: The Sleep Heart Health Study.
Washington — On a cold rainy morning, members of the American Indian tribes shouted "Water is sacred" and "Keep it in the soil; can't drink oil" as they marched toward the White House.
The March 10 protest against the Dakota Access pipeline included hundreds of Native Americans, some dressed in traditional feather headbands and ponchos.
They beat drums and danced as they made their way through the streets.
The march came after a federal judge on Tuesday denied a request by the Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River tribes to halt construction of the pipeline.
American Indian tribes have long argued that the $3.8 billion underground pipeline — which would run nearly 1,200 miles from oil fields in North Dakota to an existing pipeline in Illinois — endangers cultural sites and drinking water that comes from the Missouri River. The pipeline's path would come within a half-mile of the Sioux reservation.
Sign up for NCR's Copy Desk Daily, and we'll email you recommended news and opinion articles each weekday. Sign Up Now
The government had intended to further study the environmental effects of the Dakota Access pipeline, but President Trump directed an expedited approval process after assuming office.
The protest, which began at the Army Corps of Engineers office, included a stop in front of Trump International Hotel in downtown D.C.
Faith leaders and members of various religious denominations featured prominently among protesters.
Colin Douglas, 32, a pastor of Nixa Christian Church in Springfield, Mo., said eight Disciples of Christ ministers traveled to participate in the event, dubbed "Native Nations Rise."
"This is a personal fight for me," Douglas said, noting that his family has Native American roots. "I also believe water is a gift from God. Whenever we endanger it, we sin."
Muslims, too, stood alongside the American Indian tribes.
Advertisement
Yasmin Rizvi, 52, a retired schoolteacher, and her daughter Hena Rizvi, 25, a sales representative, traveled from Pennsylvania. As Shiite Muslims, they said, they could identify with the threat Native Americans face because history tells them other Muslims have confronted similar obstacles.
"Water is the basic need of life," Yasmin said.
The Rev. Jakob Thibault of Providence, R.I., said he believes "there's kind of a blindness to indigenous issues" in much of the country.
But he said Christianity teaches him "that we don't accept the status quo."
Surprise! Mitt Romney Says He Won't Rule Out Accepting Nomination at Contested Convention
So was this his plan all along?
Destroy the party so he could steal the nomination at the convention?
Mitt Romney told Meet the Press today that he won't rule out accepting the nomination at a contested convention.
The Washington Times reported:
Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, refused Sunday to rule out becoming the nominee again this year at a brokered convention, though he insisted he couldn't imagine that happening. “I don't think anyone in our party should say, ‘Oh no, even if the people of the party wanted me to be president, I would say no to it.' No one is going to say that,” Mr. Romney said on NBC's “Meet the Press.”
The Republican Party would have to change the rules for Mitt to qualify.
These vegan thumbprint cookies are the perfect treats to bake on a weekday when you're craving for something sweet and simple.
Thumbprint cookies (or “raspberry caves” as we call them in Sweden) are tratidional Swedish cookies that are loved by almost everyone. I was always absolutely certain they were “invented” in Sweden, but there is some dispute on whether their origins are from Sweden, Poland or the Jewish people of Eastern Europe. What they do seem to know is that ther were invented some time during the 19th century. Regardless of where they're from, they're absolutely delicious and actually super easy to make!
I decided to make a twist on these vegan thumbprint cookies and make my own chia jam filling which turned out amazing and something I will be making again as a spread or filling for other cookies and cakes for sure!
The Texas jail where black activist Sandra Bland was found dead suffers from a variety of problems and needs to undergo serious reforms, including body cameras for officials, improvements in mental health screening, and the building of a brand-new facility.
Back in July 2015, Bland was taken into custody after she was pulled over for a minor traffic violation by Texas state trooper Brian Encinia. During the stop, Encinia threatened to drag Bland out of her car and “light [her] up” with a Taser if she didn't exit her vehicle. After Encina took her into custody at the Waller County jail, Bland was found hanging from her cell ceiling by a noose made from a trash bag.
Read more
In the wake of her death, which was ruled a suicide, officials in Waller County, Texas agreed to allow an independent panel scrutinize the jail and the implementation of policies there. The review did not specifically address issues relating to Bland's death, but it highlighted inadequate policies addressing mental health and noted that officers “dehumanized” inmates.
“Presently, deputies screen arrestees for mental and medical problems, but this is not an accurate or efficient process,” the report reads, according to the New York Times. “Deputies do not possess the training or expertise to evaluate the medical and mental health needs of inmates.”
When Bland was taken into the jail, she informed officers that she had attempted suicide in the past and that she was on medication for epilepsy. The report said that “suicide prevention measures are applied in a less than optimal manner,” the Guardian reported.
Additionally, investigators found that staff did not conduct enough in-person checks on potentially suicidal inmates, nor did it indicate whether workers completed training on how to deal with such prisoners. As a result, the panel suggested having medical specialists take over the medical and mental screening process.
The report calls on officials to equip officers with body cameras and to create new storage solutions for video footage, the Associated Press reported. The cell in which Bland was found dead was not covered by a camera. According to Waller County Sheriff Glenn Smith, staff is going to take part in “de-escalation” training starting in June, and he has already applied for a state grant in order to buy cameras.
Texas trooper officially fired over Sandra Bland confrontation, arresthttps://t.co/mMdQqqEtzRpic.twitter.com/65Sv3iXTYz — RT America (@RT_America) March 3, 2016
Meanwhile, the jail itself was called inadequate by the panel, which recommended building a brand new one. Smith said that would require approval from county officials.
Bland's death, which occurred not long after Bland had moved to Texas, sparked intense protests and rallies by Black Lives Matter activists. Trooper Encinia was ultimately fired and indicted for perjury, though he pleaded not guilty in late March. Encinia originally said he removed Bland from her car because she was being combative, but the grand jury was persuaded otherwise by footage that showed him threatening her with a Taser.
None of the staff from the Waller County jail were indicted.
The Diego antigen (or blood group) system is composed of 21 blood factors or antigens carried on the Band 3 glycoprotein, also known as Anion Exchanger 1 (AE1). The antigens are inherited through various alleles of the gene SLC4A1 (Solute carrier family 4), located on human chromosome 17. The AE1 glycoprotein is expressed only in red blood cells and, in a shortened form, in some cells in the kidney. The Diegoa antigen is fairly common in Indigenous peoples of the Americas (in both North and South America) and East Asians, but very rare or absent in most other populations, supporting the theory that the two groups share common ancestry.
Types [ edit ]
The Diego system is named after a pair of types, Diegoa (Dia) and Diegob (Dib), which differ by one amino acid in the AE1 glycoprotein, corresponding to one difference in the nucleotide sequence of the SLC4A1 gene. Dib is common or ubiquitous in all populations which have been screened for it, while Dia has been found only in Indigenous peoples of the Americas (in both North and South America) and East Asians, and in people with some ancestors from those groups. People heterozygous for the two alleles produce both antigens. No individual has been tested who does not produce one, or both, of the two antigens.[1] Anti-Dia (the antibody to Dia) can cause severe hemolytic disease of the newborn and severe transfusion reaction. Anti-Dib usually causes milder reactions.[2]
The Wright blood system is another pair of types, Wrighta (Wra) and Wrightb (Wrb), also differing by one amino acid on the AE1 glycoprotein and one nucleotide on the SLC4A1 gene. Wra always expresses antigens, but the antibody reaction of Wrb depends on a variation in the structure of glycophorin A, which binds with Wrb.[3] Anti-Wra can also cause severe hemolytic disease of the newborn and severe transfusion reaction. Anti-Wrb is very rare, and little data is available on its severity.[2]
Seventeen other rare blood types (as of 2002) are included in the Diego antigen system, as they are produced by mutations on the SLC4A1 gene. These include the Waldner (Wda), Redelberger (Rba), Warrior (WARR), ELO, Wulfsberg (Wu), Bishop (Bpa), Moen (Moa), Hughes (Hua), van Vugt (Vga), Swann (Swa), Bowyer (BOW), NFLD, Nunhart (Jna), KREP, Traversu (Tra), Froese (Fra) and SW1 types.[4]
History [ edit ]
The first Diego antigen, Dia, was discovered in 1953, when a child in Venezuela died of hemolytic disease three days after birth. Rh and ABO blood type mismatches were soon ruled out, and investigators began searching for a rare blood factor. Red blood cells from the father reacted strongly to blood serum from the mother. Rare blood types known at the time were eliminated, and the new type was classified as a "private" or "family" blood type. The investigators, with the agreement of the father, named the new type after his surname, "Diego". In 1955 investigators found that the Diego family included ancestry from Indigenous peoples of the Americas, and that the Diego factor (Dia) was not restricted to the Diego family, but occurred in several populations in Venezuela and elsewhere in South America. Investigators suspected that the Diego factor might be a Mongoloid trait, and tested groups of Native Americans in the United States and people of Chinese and Japanese ancestry, and found Dia in those groups. Anti-Dib was found in 1967, establishing the Diego group as a two-antigen system. In 1993 the Diego pair of antigens was found to result from a single point mutation (nucleotide 2561) on what is now called the SLC4A1 gene on chromosome 17.[1]
The Wrighta antigen (Wra), a very low frequency blood type, was also discovered in 1953. The Wrightb antigen (Wrb), a very high frequency blood type, was discovered about a decade later, but the two types were not recognized as a pair for another 20 years. The Wright group was eventually identified as a single point mutation on the SLC4A1 gene. The Wright group was subsumed into the Diego group in 1995, since its location on the SLC4A1 gene had been determined after the Diego group had been located there.[2]
Starting in 1995, various rare antigen types, some of which had been known for 30 years, were found to also be caused by mutations on the SLC4A1 gene, and were therefore added to the Diego system.[2]
Distribution of the Diegoa antigen [ edit ]
The Dib antigen has been found in all populations tested. The Dia antigen, however, has been found only in populations of indigenous peoples of the Americas and East Asians, and people with some ancestry in those populations. Some groups in South America have a relatively high frequency of Dia+. A sample of the Kaingang people of Brazil was 49% Dia+. Samples of other groups in Brazil and Venezuela were 14% to 36% Dia+.[2]
While the Dia antigen is found at moderate to high frequencies in most populations of indigenous peoples in South America, it is absent in the Waica people, and occurs at very low frequencies in the Warao and Yaruro people of interior northern South America. Layrisse and Wilbert, who characterize these people as "Marginal Indians", proposed that they are remnants of a first migration into South America of people who had not acquired the allele for the Dia antigen, with other indigenous peoples of South America resulting from a later migration.[5]
Samples of groups in Guatemala and Mexico have 20% to 22% Dia+. Samples from Native American groups in the United States and First Nations groups in Canada have 4% to 11% Dia+.[1][6] Although the incidence of Diegoa+ is relatively high in Siberian Eskimos and Aleut people (the incidence of Diegoa+ in Aleuts is comparable to South American levels), it occurs at a much lower frequency (less than 0.5%) among Alaskan Eskimos and has not been found in the Inuit of Canada.[7][8][9][10]
The Dia antigen is widespread in East Asian populations. Samples of East Asian populations show 4% Dia+ for the Ainu of Hokkaido,[10] 2% to 10% Dia+ for Japanese, 6% to 15% Dia+ for Koreans, 7% to 13% Dia+ for Mongolians, 10% Dia+ for northern Chinese and 3% to 5% Dia+ for southern Chinese.[1][11]
The Dia antigen is also found in northern India and in Malaysia, where there are populations of East Asian ancestry. North Indians (of unspecified ethnicity) are reported to be 4% Dia+. On the other hand, a sample of Indian students attending the University of Michigan, the majority of which were Gujarati, found none to be Dia+.[6] A survey of residents of the Klang Valley in Malaysia found the incidence of Dia+ in ethnic Chinese to be 4%, in ethnic Malays to be a little over 1%, and in ethnic Indians (descended from southern Indians) to be a little under 1%. (A smaller sample of Malays in Penang, Malaysia, were 4% Dia+.)[11]
The Dia antigen is very rare in African and European populations.[11] One West African subject had an ambiguous possible reaction to Dia.[6] About 0.5% of Europeans of Polish ancestry have been found to be Dia+. Probably this incidence has been attributed to gene mixture from Tatars who invaded Poland five to seven centuries ago.[2] Diego Antigen found in 0.89% of Germans from Berlin.[12] The Dia antigen is very rare or absent in Aboriginal Australians, Papuans, natives of New Britain, and Polynesians.[10]
Data tables [ edit ]
Frequency of the Diego Factor in Mongoloids Study Total
number
tested Dia+ No. % Korean by Lee, Present series 117 17| style="text-align:center;"|14.5 Chinese by Layrisse and Arends, (1956) 100 5 5.0 Japanese by Layrisse and Arends, (1956) 65 8 12.31 Japanese by Lewis et al., (1956) 77 6 7.79 Japanese by Ueno and Murakata, (1957) 153 12 7.84 Japanese by Lewis et al., (1958) 145 10 6.89 Japanese by Iseki et al., (1958) 500 16 3.20 Source: Table 12, Page 23, Samuel Y. Lee (1965)[13]
MARTIN: I know, I know, I know.
CORKER: So but, what I am saying. But obviously, what happens, the thing that is different, if I'm running in a Republican primary, you know obviously you end up being constrained. But, I just, if you could, I'm not asking any different than I have the entire 10 years and eight months that I have been in office. You know, and one of the reasons, the main reason was the statement that I made. You know, I told people, I didn't intend to serve more than two terms, that's been a really big drag on me.
But in addition to that, the other part of our statement was true that the next 15 months we believe to be the most important time of our service and to be constrained by looking over your shoulder with some winger running against you, you know, let's face it that impedes your ability to serve. So I just — again, I haven't like changed course I just don't have the worry.
I actually can continue over the next 15 months being the same senator that I've been. So, sure, I mean the president concerns me. I mean there's no question. And, I like him. O.K., I enjoyed playing golf with him, you know, he's a very courteous kind person. It's not that I dislike him.
MARTIN: Right.
CORKER: I know for a fact that every single day at the White House it's a situation of trying to contain him.
MARTIN: Yeah.
CORKER: Look, you know that. It's not like —
MARTIN: Yes, you're right.
CORKER: I mean, you've talked to enough people to know that that's just a fact. So, thankfully we've got some very good people there. At least today, we've got some very good people there and they have been able to push back against his worst instincts.
MARTIN: Yeah.
CORKER: But yes, I mean, you know, yes. He concerns me. I mean he would have to concern anyone who cares about our nation. But a lot people that — Let me put it this way, I think that — So I'll just stop there. Sure, I mean, do I want him to be successful? Absolutely.
MARTIN: Let me just —
CORKER: Have we worked with him. Are you still here?
MARTIN: Yes, sir. I'm here, I'm here. Yes, sir. I'm here, I can hear you.
Twitter shows trending topics, but it's for the entire user base. You can only see what everyone on Twitter is talking about at any given time. Trendsmap, on the other hand, shows trending topics by location. See what's trending in any part of the world in real-time.
The more popular a topic is, the larger it appears on the map. Click on a topic, and read the tweets that are coming in. For example, I'm looking at ‘protest' right now in Pittsburgh. It looks like there's a protest happening at the University of Pittsburgh. There are also thumbnails for YouTube videos and Flickr photos.
Zoom into your region, and it gets much more interesting:
That is, if you live somewhere where something is going on. Otherwise, maybe not so much:
An ambulance with a patient on board was attacked in Donaghamede, Dublin last night.
Dublin Fire Brigade said crew members were assaulted by a man who climbed into the ambulance and tried to remove the patient.
The windows were smashed and the ambulance had to be taken out of service.
Unfortunately one of our ambulance's was hit with a bottle while at a case in North Dublin. #dfblive pic.twitter.com/ZVc4FwsbLp — Dublin Fire Brigade (@DubFireBrigade) November 1, 2015
A fire engine from the ambulance crew's station came to assist after the incident on Carndonagh Road, but its crew was also attacked.
The Garda Public Order unit was called to the scene.
The crews returned to duty, with the ambulance crew resuming its work in a spare ambulance.
The incident came on what Dublin Fire Brigade says was its busiest night of the year.
1/2 units are still out, snapshot of some calls: 19 house fires, 193 small/bonfires, 26 unconscious cases #dfblive pic.twitter.com/D1xacoUxwX — Dublin Fire Brigade (@DubFireBrigade) November 1, 2015
Fire services received a total of 701 calls between 4pm and 8am, compared to 595 last year.
The 701 calls include ambulances and fire calls across the eastern region - covering Leinster, Monaghan and Cavan.
Dublin was the busiest area - with 282 ambulance calls and 290 fire calls.
Crews attended 205 bonfires among the 290 call-outs.
Ambulance crews attended 30 assault cases.
The fire control room in Mayo, covering Connacht and Donegal, reported a quiet night.
Four bonfires were attended to in Galway, Sligo and Donegal, but all were under control.
The Cork Fire Control Room, covering Munster, also reported a quiet night.
A home in Austin, Texas was recently purchased in an unusual manner – using Bitcoin. Kuper Sotheby's International Realty, a Texas brokerage, closed the state's first Bitcoin home purchase. The agent representing the buyer said she “honestly couldn't have expected something so unique to go so smoothly. In a matter of ten minutes the Bitcoin was changed to US dollars and the deal was done.”
The home was purchased for an undisclosed amount, but the digital currency has skyrocketed in recent months. The price of one Bitcoin reached a high of $4,700 in late August before falling in early September to below $3,000. As of Late September the price had grown again, reaching around $4,000. Despite its notorious volatility, the recent price growth rekindled interest in bitcoin, renewing its use as a publicity tool for businesses who in the past have capitalized on its popularity by creating bitcoin centric initiatives.
In the future Bitcoin could become a regular form of payment in the real estate market if its value continues to rise and companies embrace the change. Already more and more places from coffee carts to retail stores are beginning to accept Bitcoin as payment.
WILL BITCOIN BECOME A VIABLE ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY?
In a survey conducted on Instagram, we asked if Bitcoin was likely to become a viable alternative currency. Over 150 of our Instagram followers responded and the results were very evenly split, with 49% of our followers saying YES and 51% voting NO.
7 hands-on keyword research lessons designed to turn you into a PRO
This course is designed to give you the knowledge to get a job at a top tier SEO agency, or start one on your own, in just 1 week – regardless of your current level of experience; whether you're a complete SEO newbie or a seasoned veteran.
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/eppie-vojt.png” name=”Eppie Vojt” role=”Vice President of SEO, Red Ventures”]Very few people understand how to do really effective keyword research. Being able to go from potential target keyword all the way through the funnel to actual profit (considering cost to rank) is an essential skill for today's SEO. No one can take you from square one to keyword research master faster than Nick Eubanks. His course is a fantastic primer that should be mandatory reading for any serious SEO.[/testimonial]
Tired of reading countless blog posts and how-to's without having a clear roadmap for what you should be doing?
The most common frustrations I hear are:
I'm just not sure how to get started?
I have a list of keywords, but how do I find more?
How do I identify the keywords I should be targeting long-term?
How can I make sure I'm targeting the most profitable keywords?
Blog posts about keyword research will tell you a bunch of stuff to do, but often times leave you with more questions than answers. It's a long road to keep reading and trying, hoping that you're looking in the right places and making the right decisions.
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Alin-Vlad.jpg” name=”Alin Vlad” role=”Director of Online Marketing, Heimdal Security”]”The “Master Keyword Research in 7 Days” from Nick Eubanks has proven to be a goldmine in this area, well deserving the 127$ fee.”
Quote from: 8 Lessons I've Learned From Growing a Non-Sexy Niche Blog to 1,200 Visits/Day[/testimonial]
You can easily waste hundreds of hours and months of time building rankings for the wrong keywords when terms 10 times as profitable could have been found immediately – and you could already be ranking for them.
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/aleyda-solis.png” name=”Aleyda Solis” role=”Founder, Orainti”]Master Keyword Research in 7 Days is hands down the best keyword research content I've read – very detailed and well explained, highly actionable with a strategic focus.[/testimonial]
This 7-lesson course, conveniently delivered via email (one lesson per day), will take you through exactly where to begin, step-by-step from start to finish, with all of my proven tricks along the way. The full course includes over 100 process screenshots and my Excel template for automating search intent analysis.
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/David-Cohen.png” name=”David Cohen” role=”Director of Marketing, Goliath Technologies”] We have used Nick's keyword research process to help us increase our paid and organic search visibility with a focus on driving conversions for software products for Fortune 500 brands. In just the first 3 months, our Organic Traffic is up 17%, Paid Traffic is up 44%, Goal Completions are up 185%, and most importantly, our Conversion Rate is up 112%. [/testimonial]
Improve Your Keyword Research with These 7 Lessons
Each exercise is designed to teach you a specific skill as part of a repeatable keyword research process, which can be directly applied to any website to improve traffic and conversions.
The exercises in these lessons cover:
The nuances between finding keywords for new versus old websites.
Really expanding your list to find new keywords.
Mining techniques for gathering bulk competitive data.
A detailed process for prioritizing your keywords into short-term and long-term lists.
Assessing your potential to rank for a particular term.
Inferring search intent to mirror your conversion funnel.
How to identify new keyword opportunities and fit them into your priority lists.
Featuring an entirely new, extremely detailed process using a handful of the latest SEO tools.
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/Paul-Shapiro.png” name=”Paul Shapiro” role=”SEO Director, Catalyst”]Nick is without a doubt the leading authority when it comes to keyword research. Master Keyword Research in 7 Days is awesome and it's comprehensive. Don't hesitate for a moment to sign up![/testimonial]
I Know I Can Help You
I am an SEO Engineer, Author, and most importantly – a Marketing Technologist. My guide on How To Do Keyword Research for SEO has sold over 3,000 copies and my post on How To Grow a New Website to Over 100,000 Visitors per Month has been read over 100,000 times.
I've written some of the most popular posts on Search Engine Watch, been featured on Search Engine Land, Yahoo!, MOZ, Conversion XL, Business2Community, Catalyst, and many other prominent SEO publications. I am a featured SEO Expert on Clarity. I've been quoted in the New York Times and Huffington Post, speaking about SEO and Ecommerce.
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/JohnHenry-Scherck.png” name=”John Henry Scherck” role=”TLCSEO.com”]Nick isn't just an SEO expert, he's a keyword expert. He understands what, how, when and why people use keywords and his process finds terms to meet those demands and convert users.[/testimonial]
It has been almost 2 years since I wrote my keyword research guide, and SEO has changed completely. Google is pushing out updates on a regular basis, withholding more and more data, and stealing SERP real estate each day. With so many changes to Google's signaling algorithms, the process for finding keyword opportunities has shifted.
Don't often endorse paid products, but 'Master Keyword Research in 7 Days' by @nick_eubanks is worth it http://t.co/8vEpy1qgcK — Cyrus++ (@CyrusShepard) January 5, 2015
This 7-lesson course will take you through the most critical components of keyword research and show you exactly how to find and target the best keywords for your websites like never before, using new tools and processes I've never written about publicly.
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/Levente-Szfarli.png” name=”Levente Szfarli” role=”Owner, Web Security Management “]In case you are looking for an effective solution to keyword research then look no further. Nick has put together a superb 7-day course, useful to one that has only basic SEO skills or to one that is en route to becoming a search marketing expert.[/testimonial]
7 Exercises in 7 Days
Each day you will be emailed a new lesson, combined with step-by-step instructions on how to complete the exercise(s) it contains.
The lessons are:
Lesson 1 – New Versus Existing Websites
– New Versus Existing Websites Lesson 2 – Expanding Your Keyword List
– Expanding Your Keyword List Lesson 3 – Data Mining & First Cut Filtering
– Data Mining & First Cut Filtering Lesson 4 – Keyword Sorting & Initial Analysis
– Keyword Sorting & Initial Analysis Lesson 5 – Inferring Search Intent
– Inferring Search Intent Lesson 6 – How to Prioritize Your Keywords
– How to Prioritize Your Keywords Lesson 7 – Seizing Keyword Opportunities
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/matthewBarby.png” name=”Matthew Barby” role=”Digital Strategist, Wyatt International”]I've spent years working on my own techniques for carrying out effective keyword research and I've been able to build on these techniques to improve them further with the help of Nick's course. Not only that but my team have all used the course as their ‘keyword research bible', following Nick's advice step-by-step. The results have been incredible![/testimonial]
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/devin-concannon.png” name=”Devin Concannon” role=”iPullRank”]Master Keyword Research in 7 Days is Great!
One of the most comprehensive write-ups of keyword research methodology I've ever seen.[/testimonial]
2 Packages Available
UPDATE: Full course is now delivered instantly via 68-page PDF.
Starter Course Get the first 3 hands-on lessons and start doing better keyword research today. FULL Course Get all 7 hands-on lessons, with over 100 process screenshots and truly Master Keyword Research. Includes Free Excel Template File Pricing is for a single-user license. For bulk licensing please contact me.
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/ryan-mclaughlin.png” name=”Ryan McLaughlin” role=”Founder, RIISE”]Nick should charge at least 4 figures for this info, but he is selling his keyword research secrets for only $67. Crazy.[/testimonial]
.@nick_eubanks just dropped the most accessible yet comprehensive piece I've seen on Keyword Research. Step-by-step teaching at its finest. — Anthony D. Nelson (@anthonydnelson) January 6, 2015
[testimonial picture=”http://www.seonick.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/saurav-rimal.png” name=”Saurav Rimal” role=”SEO Manager, Silverback Strategies”]Master Keyword Research in 7 Days is a comprehensive keyword research course that provides a detailed and actionable approach, which will help you find transactional (service and product targeted) and conversational (content targeted) keywords in just 7 days, which can benefit both SEO and content.[/testimonial]
7-part course on mastering keyword research keeps SEOs on the road >> http://t.co/lPTX1BB46f … by one of my SEO hero @nick_eubanks — Alessio Madeyski (@madeale) January 5, 2015
I beta-tested the new keyword research course by @nick_eubanks - http://t.co/XHNUSpaQiP - you won't learn keyword research any quicker. — Patrick Hathaway (@HathawayP) January 5, 2015
Master Keyword Research in 7 Days - http://t.co/rE0QbusnV8 < great resource by @nick_eubanks — Chris Gilchrist (@Chris_Gilchrist) January 5, 2015
Frequently Asked Questions
These are the most common questions I've received so far:
Can I Pay With Paypal? Yes.
[button color=”blue” link=”https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=N6CWJAVLK4QWN”]Starter Course via Paypal[/button] [button color=”green” link=”https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=NQS8J9E3ZRYJ4″]Full Course via Paypal[/button]
How Will The Lessons Be Delivered?
Via email. You will receive the first lesson within 15 minutes of purchase, and then the remaining 6 lessons over the next 6 days. The lessons are sent in a serial order and are meant to be used one right after the other.
Will I Need Any 3rd Party Tools to Complete This Course?
Yes, but you aren't required to purchase any of the tools that I use as they all have free versions. To get the most out of the full course (and to really take advantage of the more technical process) it would be advantageous to sign up for free trials of the tools used (to get premium access versus their complimentary account level) – but again, this doesn't cost anything.
Lessons 4 through 7 lean heavily on Microsoft Excel but it is not required, you can complete the exercises using Google Spreadsheets, but it won't be as intuitive as using Excel which offers some really nice formatting for visual ease.
Do The Lessons Include Screenshots and Step by Step Details?
Yes. Every time you need to sort or filter, or anything, I have a detailed screenshot to accompany it. The full course includes well over 100 screenshots.
I've Purchased The First 3 Lessons and Would Like to Buy The Rest of The Course, How Do I Do This?
Easily, there will be a link at the end of the third lesson that will let you purchase the remaining 4 lessons for just the difference in cost. It will immediately deliver you lesson 4, and then follow up with lessons 5-7 on the following days. The cost is simply the difference you already paid (not the full cost of the course).
Can I Pay You To Do This For Me?
Yes. To complete this research process I charge a flat-fee of $3,000 and the turnaround time is between 1-2 weeks. Please contact me for more details.
Do You Have Additional Questions?
Send me an email at me [at] nickeubanks [dot] com and I'll get back to you as soon as possible. Thanks.
Last Friday, activists from Greenpeace Netherlands showed up in Shell gas stations in their country and blocked the petrol pumps. They were protesting against Shell's reckless Arctic drilling plans – which has since then been suspended for this year.
Their reasons for taking peaceful direct action were simple: the Arctic is under extreme threat from climate change.
Just yesterday, it was announced that Arctic sea ice was at its lowest extent ever in recorded history. This disastrous sea ice melt is caused by companies like Shell, who for decades have encouraged society's fossil fuel addiction.
To allow Shell to drill for oil in the Arctic will only make a catastrophic situation even worse.
In addition, the Arctic is more vulnerable to oil spills than other regions on the planet. The weather conditions mean drilling is perilous. If a spill does occur, the presence of ice makes recovery and clean up more difficult.
If an incident happens towards the end of the summer drilling window, it could be too late to cap it, and oil could leak unstopped all winter, stuck under the sea ice. We know what oil spills look like in the Arctic on land already, and it's not pretty.
So, on the one hand we have an NGO with a smattering of activists, some of them dressed up as polar bears, going around petrol stations and alarming customers of Shell's plans.
On the other hand, we have a company already guilty of causing catastrophic climate change that is also trying to start an extremely reckless oil operation in the Arctic. One of these two is currently demanding that a judge order the other to stop all dangerous operations, and asking that they pay 1 million euros if they break this interdict.
Care to guess which is which?
Yes, you got it!
Shell is demanding reparations from Greenpeace. Here is the exact demand:
1. Shell requests the judge to "forbid defendants (GPNL & GPI) to organise any activities, at least illegal activities, on or within 500m of any petrol stations of (licensees/tenants of) Shell, offices and other commercial properties and/or terrains of Shell in the Netherlands, or forbid defendants for a period of six months after delivery of this judgment to render impossible, prevent or interfere with the free and unhindered use of plaintiffs of the petrol stations of (licensees/tenants of) Shell, and/or its (office)buildings and/or its other commercial properties and/or terrains owned by, rented or otherwise in use by Shell, or to incite their employees, hired third parties or their sympathisers to do so, such at a penalty of EUR 1,000,000 instantly in case of violation, to be increased with an amount of EUR 100,000 for every day or part of a day that a violation of such order lasts."
2. Shell requests the judge to "order defendants (GPNL & GPI), within one hour after the bailiff delivers the judgment in this case to defendants in person, to instruct their employees, hired third parties and sympathisers to refrain from any activity which, in the next six months after delivery of this judgment, renders impossible, prevents or interferes with the free and unhindered use of plaintiffs of the petrol stations of (licensees/tenants of) Shell, and/or its (office)buildings and/or its other commercial properties and/or terrains owned by, rented or otherwise in use by Shell, such at a penalty of EUR 1,000,000 instantly in case of violation, to be increased with an amount of EUR 100,000 for every day or part of a day that a violation of such order lasts."
This matters – not only to Greenpeace's right to protest, but also yours. See that little line on point number two about "sympathisers"? If you've signed a petition against Shell, if you asked for protection for the Arctic – that's you. It means your right to protest, your freedom of expression is on the line.
Seems like a bit much? We think so too, which is why today, we went to court in Amsterdam to contest this outrageous demand.
favorite favorite favorite
Well I never thought I would see the day that a Deadhead who used to trade Maxell XLII 90 tapes back in the day would complain about the archive! Don't you get it man? This is Deadbase only WITH the music! It took me about 15 minutes - with some help from a friend - to figure how how to convert SHN files to WAVE, etc. It is easy - once you know how - and best of all FREE! Anyway, good luck man... All I can say is that the minimal amount of effort required will be repaid tenfold, TRUST ME... I do know what you mean as most shows are available in mp3, but you can convert to mp3 yourself if you visit here :Good Luck and Happy Listening! Oh, and I should add that I meant no offense in my comments. I re-read them after I posted this and it could sound like I was being an A--hole and that was not my intent. I hope this info helps...
WORKS ON ALL iOS 7 DEVICES INCLUDING ARM64 AND iPAD's (iPhone/iPod Touch/iPad)
Introducing TodayLock - a brand new stylish Today View for Lock Screen. iOS is already having a today view, but to access it you need to swipe down from top, reveal notification center, and only then you will be able to see Today View. Well, by installing this tweak, you no longer need to reveal notification center in order to see the weather, events, and reminders for current day. You can see greeting, current location's temperature, events, and reminders anytime on your lock screen. To display and refresh today view on your lock screen, simply press home button. This method of refreshing is considered to save device's battery efficiently. Additionally it will add a nice blur effect to your lock screen, so that your lock screen will look much better and crisp
This tweak supports many languages:
German, English, Spanish, Finnish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Turkish, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional)
You can request a support for your language from preferences.
There are many options on TodayLock preferences, such as choosing background blur mode, light and dark text styles, temperature style (celsius and fahrenheit) and more.
Configure options from Settings.
See larger Screenshots below..
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin denied on Sunday that Steve Bannon, the White House's chief strategist and populist firebrand, is pushing a tax hike on the richest Americans.
“I have never heard Steve mention that,” Mnuchin said on ABC's “This Week.” “It's another example of a false leak that's being reported.”
Top earners ― people making $418,000 a year or more ― are currently taxed at 39.6 percent, though that number is usually much lower as a result of a byzantine web of loopholes and deductions. Axios reported on July 2 that Bannon told colleagues he wants the top tax bracket to “have a 4 in front of it.” Fox News confirmed the figure the next day.
Mnuchin said the White House plans to release a plan to lower taxes and reduce deductions by September.
“I think it's very clear kind of we have a proposal out there that the administration has put out with a top rate of 35 percent where we reduce and eliminate almost every single deduction,” he said. “So that means that people who are in the high tax state also have no tax reduction, and it'll be offset by reduced deductions.”
Trump won a surprise election victory in November in large part due to a populist message, vowing to revive struggling Rust Belt economies and vilifying Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for her close ties to bankers. But after taking office, the country's first billionaire president assembled the richest cabinet in history, stacking its ranks with Goldman Sachs executives and Wall Street titans.
Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president, became director of the National Economic Council and Trump's chief economic adviser. Wilbur Ross, a billionaire private equity investor, was nominated as secretary of commerce. And Mnuchin, a second-generation partner at Goldman Sachs who previously headed a bank dubbed a “foreclosure machine,” ascended to the top of the Treasury Department.
That wing of the administration remains anxious to quickly push tax reform. Congress passed its last major tax overhaul in 1986. Fearing that Democrats, who are unlikely to vote for anything approved by Trump, could reclaim Congress seats in the upcoming 2018 elections, White House officials want a bill signed into law by next year. If tax reform fails, Cohn ― dubbed by CNBC the “canary for Trump's tax reform” ― could resign from the White House.
Photo
Johan Santana sat in an interview room at Shea Stadium on Sept. 27, the penultimate day of the season, with his left knee packed in ice. No one else there that afternoon knew — or had reason to believe — that Santana had just pitched a three-hit shutout on short rest, briefly revitalizing the Mets' playoff hopes, despite enduring discomfort so severe that it would require surgery.
“You just saw me that day — trust me, I had been icing it for the last two months,” Santana said Saturday in a telephone interview from his off-season home in Fort Myers, Fla. “The last four starts is when I felt it got worse, when it was really tough for me to bend my knee. But that game, I was so into it that I didn't feel anything, to be honest. As soon as the game was over, though, I ran back to the training room and got some ice and tape and started to feel some relief.”
On Oct. 1, Santana had arthroscopic surgery to repair a torn meniscus, and said he started rehabilitating the next day. He has since had no setbacks, he said, and his off-season workout regimen has not been hindered. It is too soon, he has been told, to start running, but he rides an exercise bike to maintain his range of motion and trains at a gym almost daily.
“I'm right on track,” said Santana, adding that he intends to pitch for Venezuela in the World Baseball Classic. “Everything's been in place, the way it's supposed to be, and I'm taking everything easy to make sure I'm ready for spring training.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even now, Santana cannot recall how or when he injured the knee, only that late in previous years it had worn down — though, he added, not the way it did in last season. He did not know the severity until the tear was detected during a magnetic resonance imaging exam that was part of his customary exit physical. But even if he had known earlier, he still would have volunteered to pitch on short rest against Florida.
In the largest and most comprehensive study of its kind, researchers have successfully identified two novel genetic variants that could increase risk for the five primary anxiety disorders. The findings are the result of an international collaboration among 34 researchers from Virginia Commonwealth University and throughout academic institutions in the United States, Europe and Australia.
The international research team looked at genetic risk factors that are common across the five primary anxiety disorders identified in the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, which are generalized anxiety disorder, panic disorder, agoraphobia, social phobia and specific phobias. Through a genome-wide association analysis of more than 18,000 subjects of European descent, the team was able to isolate two chromosomal regions that are associated with anxiety disorder risk.
The study, “Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies of Anxiety Disorders,” was published in the journal Molecular Psychiatry on Jan. 12.
“These findings are important because the two genetic regions were not previously known to be associated with anxiety disorder risk,” said senior author Jack Hettema, M.D., Ph.D., associate professor in the Department of Psychiatry at the VCU School of Medicine and faculty at the Virginia Institute for Psychiatric and Behavioral Geneticsat VCU. Hettema directs the VCU Health Anxiety Disorders Specialty Clinic, where he trains advanced psychiatric residents in the assessment and treatment of anxiety and comorbid disorders.
According to the National Institute of Mental Health, anxiety disorders are the most common mental illness in the U.S., affecting 40 million adults between the ages of 18 to 54 years old, or more than 18 percent of the population. Currently, anxiety disorders are treated pharmacologically either with antidepressants or sedatives as well as non-pharmacologically using cognitive behavioral therapies.
“Our gene-finding studies provide a new perspective on the neurobiological mechanisms by which anxiety disorders arise and point the way towards new ways to treat and possibly prevent them,” Hettema said.
While the findings are encouraging, they will need to be replicated in large independent samples before researchers can have complete confidence in the results. Hettema is currently working on replicating and further extending the findings from the study that was published this month.
When Mick saw that there was a movie called "Deathgasm" in the new arrivals, well, he had to see what it was all about.
Taking place in the New Zealand suburbs, Deathgasm is about a metalhead named Brody who inadvertently ushers in the apocalypse. One part Evil Dead and one part Tenacious D, Deathgasm is a hilarious gross-out buddy comedy.
The plot isn't anything groundbreaking and is actually riddled with holes and red herrings, but let's be real for a second- are you really watching a movie called Deathgasm for the plot? A kid moves to a new town and makes new friends and bumbles his way into causing the end of the world and has to stop it. Deathgasm adds a metalhead twist on the formula and skewers many of the much-beloved metal tropes like corpse paint, "Satin" worship, and playing music in the woods.
The thing that really impressed me with this movie was how they played with cinematography. There were plenty of quick cuts and interesting scene transitions that kept the energy up even through the exposition before the demons started running around.
It should be noted that this movie is extremely, excessively gorey. I'm not normally one for such things, but some scenes were so ridiculous and over the top that I had to laugh. There was one part I found particularly funny as the heroes try to fight off a bunch of demons with a stash of sex toys.
Overall, Deathgasm is a silly 90 minute jaunt into the world of black metal, chainsaws, and demon worship. I had fun watching this movie from beginning to end and I don't even usually like horror movies. Check it out!
Exploding seed pods
A mathematical model explains how popping cress catapults its seeds into the air
Plants use many strategies to disperse their seeds, but among the most fascinating are exploding seed pods. Scientists had assumed that the energy to power these explosions was generated through the seed pods deforming as they dried out, but in the case of ‘popping cress' (Cardamine hirsuta) this turns out not to be so. Scientists at the the Max Planck Institute for Plant Breeding Research in Cologne, Germany, found out that these seed pods don't wait to dry before they explode.
A mathematical model explains the explosive dispersal of seeds from the popping cress. The blue lines are computer simulations of the coiling seed pod at consecutive time points. © MPI f. Plant Breeding Research/ A. Hay A mathematical model explains the explosive dispersal of seeds from the popping cress. The blue lines are computer simulations of the coiling seed pod at consecutive time points. © MPI f. Plant Breeding Research/ A. Hay
Since plants do not have muscles; rapid movements, like the exploding seed pods of popping cress, are rare in the plant kingdom. Scientists from different disciplines, led by Angela Hay, a plant geneticist at the Max Planck Institute in Cologne, worked together to discover how the seed pods of popping cress explode.
Explosive shatter of these seed pods is so fast that advanced high-speed cameras are needed to even see the explosion. Richard Bomphrey, of the Royal Veterinary College at the University of London, explains: “Because the seeds are so small, aerodynamic drag slows them down immediately.” To compensate, the seeds are accelerated away from the fruit and get up-to-speed extremely quickly. In fact, they accelerate from zero to ten metres per second in about half a millisecond.
Cells contract
Hay's teams of scientists discovered that the secret to explosive acceleration in popping cress is the evolutionary innovation of a fruit wall that can store elastic energy through growth and expansion, and can rapidly release this energy at the right stage of development. Previously, scientists had claimed that tension was generated by differential contraction of the inner and outer layers of the seed pod as it dried. So what puzzled the researchers was how popping cress pods exploded while green and hydrated, rather than brown and dry. Their surprising discovery was that hydrated cells in the outer layer of the seed pod actually used their internal pressure in order to contract and generate tension. The authors used a computational model of three-dimensional plant cells, to show that when these cells were pressurized, they expanded in depth while contracting in length, “like the way an air mattress expands in depth, when inflated, but contracts in width,” explains Richard Smith, a computer scientist at Max Planck Institute in Cologne.
Cell wall forms a hinge
Another unexpected finding was how this energy was released. The authors found that the fruit wall wanted to coil along its length to release tension, but it had a curved cross-section preventing this. “This geometric constraint is also found in a toy called a slap bracelet,” explains Derek Moulton, of the Mathematical Institute at the University of Oxford. In both the toy and the seed pod, the cross-section first has to flatten before the tension is suddenly released by coiling. Unexpectedly, this mechanism relies on a unique cell wall geometry in the seed pod. As Moulton explains, “This wall is shaped like a hinge, which can open,” causing the fruit wall to flatten in cross-section and explosively coil.
According to Hay, their most exciting discovery was the evolutionary novelty of this hinged cell wall. They had evidence from genetics and mathematical modeling that this hinge was needed for explosive pod shatter, “but the fact that we found this hinge only in plants with explosive seed dispersal was the smoking gun,” says Hay.
After working out how the seed pods of popping cress exploded, the scientists realised that this mechanism had evolved via tweaking the shape of already-existing cellular components. One implication of their findings is that other movements in plants that were previously attributed to passive contraction by drying, may in fact be active processes, “especially in green, hydrated tissues,” says Smith.
This study is an example of the potential of interdisciplinary research. The scientists built up a comprehensive picture of explosive seed dispersal by relating observations at the plant scale all the way down to the cellular and genetic scales, and systematically linking each scale. As Alain Goriely, of the Mathematical Institute at the University of Oxford, says, “this approach was only made possible by combining state-of-the-art modelling techniques with biophysical measurements and biological experiments.”
AH/HR
There are many options when it comes to making VOIP calls over WiFi or 3G with your iPhone. Many prefer Skype but here in Canada not only are we blocked from downloading the app in the iTunes store (though there are ways around it) but there are no SkypeIn numbers available in Canada. So this plus the fact that I already use Vonage for my home line makes it the best option for me. There are also many SIP applications available for the iPhone either through iTunes or Cydia. The only catch is that Vonage wants you to pay an extra $12 a month to get a “softphone” added to your account, and it gives you another number. Since I don't need an extra number, nor do I want to put more money into the hands of Vonage I did some digging around and found a solution.
As it turns out any Vonage line can be used as a SIP line. All you have to do is find out the domain and your encrypted password. Doing so is actually quite the simple process. Enter the following into your browser, making sure to replace the parts in bold with your account information.
https://im-config.vonagenetworks.net/config?&login=USERNAME&password=PASSWORD&type=1003
Update 09/07/2009: Unfortunately our friends at Vonage have taken down the above link. As of now I know of no other way to obtain your encrypted password, I will try to find an alternate method and when I do I will put up a new post.
You'll get a page with a bunch of information on it, the part you want to pay attention to is at the top:
[SIP 2.0] ProxyUserName=username ProxyUserPassword=FAB16g9XNa ProxyDomain=a.vonim.com ProxyPort=10000
This contains all the information you need to register your account on Fring or SIAX. In the past I used SIAX however they decided one day to make it so you had to purchase the software, which defeats the purpose of Jailbreaking your iPhone (in my opinion). So now I use Fring, which can be downloaded for free in the App Store. Configuring SIP in Fring was a little less than straight-forward for me, so here are the steps to set it up:
Create an account or login to your existing account
Go to More than Add-ons
Select SIP, then Other
Fill out the fields as follows:
User ID = ProxyUserName
Password = ProxyUserPassword
Proxy = ProxyDomain:ProxyPort
Now save those settings and try making a SIP call. If you don't see the SIP option lit up on the Dialer pad then you may just need to wait a few seconds for it to connect to Vonage
When 17-year-old Aslan prepared to flee war-torn Syria in hope of living happier, safer life, he was told that he couldn't bring his husky puppy, Rose. But he refused, so he made her a passport and got her a carrying case.
Aslan told the United Nations Refugee Agency that he left Damascus with Rose, who is basically all he has in the world.
He made sure she could sail across the Mediterranean Sea by creating official documentation for her and putting her in a carrying case.
Together they have travelled over 300 miles to safety, trekking through Turkey before reaching the Greek island of Lesbos.
When asked why he has only a small bag for himself and a large carrier for his dog, he replied simply, “I love my dog.”
Hopefully the pair will now be able to start a wonderful new life together.
Canada's Big Three carriers have called time on promotional wireless data deals that seemed too good to be true, but as long lineups disappear, questions remain about whether such prices could become the new normal.
The deals, which were available for only a few days, included 10 gigabytes of data for $60 a month for customers in Ontario, British Columbia and Alberta who brought their own device. As of now, Rogers Communications Inc., Telus Corp. and BCE Inc. say the offers are done and they have no plans to extend them.
Carriers carefully monitor traffic in their stores and on customer-service lines, noting where subscribers who leave are taking their business, and analysts say the recent promotions came in response to an increased competitive threat during a busy shopping period from Shaw Communications Inc.'s Freedom Mobile. The startup carrier has recently improved its network, launched the iPhone and offered "Big Gig" deals with 10 GB of data for $50.
Story continues below advertisement
Time-limited deals aimed at shoring up market share or poaching subscribers from a rival are a regular occurrence in the wireless industry. But in the past, the Big Three have typically responded to Freedom Mobile with their lower-priced "flanker" brands, and these promos came from both the companies' main brands and their discount labels. (Rogers has Fido, Telus has Koodo and BCE has its main Bell Mobility brand and Virgin Mobile.)
Over about five days, the deals spurred overwhelming subscriber demand and media attention as the deep discounts on plans regularly priced at more than $125 a month attracted crowds, overloaded call centres and put customer support representatives to the test.
Consumer and internet advocacy group OpenMedia was quick to launch an online petition asking the Big Three to make their promotions permanent: "They've tipped their hands and now Canadians know they can do better."
After this preholiday pandemonium, it is "wait-and-see time" for the incumbents, Kaan Yigit, president of Solutions Research Group Consultants Inc., said on Thursday. He notes the quarter is almost over and the carriers were probably able to prevent some of the "most likely" switchers from leaving for Freedom Mobile.
"But this has come at a cost, creating a lot of buzz around pricing and reminding consumers as well as other stakeholders like the government about data pricing," he said. "This doesn't make the Big Three look very good – or particularly consumer-friendly – and really proves the point of the importance of new players in the market. …
"I predict carriers will have some informal retention deals and very likely better-priced plans by the spring."
However, an industry source suggested the promotions of the past week are not a turning point for the Big Three, noting that the fourth quarter is always busy and that the deals were targeted very specifically at "bring your own device" customers who are no longer on contract and therefore have more freedom to switch carriers.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
BCE spokesman Mark Langton also pointed to the busy shopping season and said, "We respond to promotional action in the market and have our own holiday offers at Bell Mobility and Virgin now and during Boxing Week. We have other offers on now and there will be more through the rest of the season."
Rogers also cited the holidays, and spokeswoman Sarah Schmidt added: "We'll continue to offer time-limited promotions to meet the different needs of our customers."
Telus did not respond to a request for comment on Thursday.
The Big Three are keenly aware the federal government has been watching the telecom file more closely over the past year, pushing for more affordable prices and competition.
Last week, the Department of Innovation, Science and Economic Development published an annual pricing study that claimed some credit for prices dropping for certain low-use and mid-use wireless plans. It also noted that wireless prices are lower in provinces with strong fourth players, such as Saskatchewan with SaskTel, and Quebec with Quebecor Inc.-owned Videotron Ltd.
Freedom Mobile may not have benefited much from the flurry of deals it sparked as BYOD customers seized the chance to get better prices from their existing carriers, who have stronger networks with better coverage.
Story continues below advertisement
"The promotion from the Big Three indicates that it will not be easy for Freedom to get subscribers, even with lower-priced Big Gig plans, and we believe that this promo reflects the Big Three's willingness to use their multitude of brands to limit Freedom's momentum," Scotia Capital analyst Jeff Fan wrote in a report on Thursday.
"In our view, Freedom is not just fighting against three brands but effectively up to nine brands," he wrote, referring to the flankers and prepaid brands Chatr (owned by Rogers), Public Mobile (Telus) and Lucky Mobile (BCE).
The preamble of the treaty to ban nuclear weapons now under consideration at the UN will be greatly strengthened if it includes a summary of the long-term environmental consequences of nuclear war, as described by a series of peer-reviewed studies done by prominent scientists working at major US and Swiss Universities, as well as at the US National Center for Atmospheric Research. These studies are considered to be the most authoritative type of scientific research—subjected to criticism by the international scientific community before final publication in scholarly journals—and the findings of these studies remain unchallenged.
The research predicts that a nuclear war fought between emerging nuclear weapon states—with less than 1 percent of the explosive power contained in the global nuclear arsenals—can produce catastrophic long-term damage to global environment and weather. A war fought with 100 atomic bombs can result in the coldest average annual surface temperatures experienced in the last 1,000 years, and this prolonged cold (and drought) would last for several years before temperatures began to return to normal. Medical experts predict that this prolonged cold would lead to a global famine causing up to two billion people to starve to death. Climatologists also predict that such a war would cause major damage to the Earth's protective stratospheric ozone layer, leading to a doubling of harmful UV-B radiation in the populated mid-latitudes.
The studies also forecast that a war fought with US and Russian strategic nuclear weapons would create post-war Ice Age weather conditions across the Northern Hemisphere in a matter of weeks. These catastrophic changes in weather would be the result of a global stratospheric smoke layer, produced by hundreds or thousands of nuclear firestorms, which would block up to 90 percent of sunlight over central North America and Eurasia.
The loss of warming sunlight would cause temperatures in these central regions to fall below freezing every day for one to two years. Because the stratospheric smoke layer could not be rained out, it would remain for a decade or longer, affecting both the northern and southern hemispheres. Growing seasons in the large agricultural zones would be eliminated for many years, dooming most humans and animals to starvation from nuclear famine.
Confusion: nuclear war or a nuclear weapon? To date, there has been an unfortunate avoidance (among both diplomats and nongovernmental organizations involved in the ban treaty) of any explicit discussion of the effects of nuclear war; instead the language of the general conversation has tended to focus on the effects of a nuclear weapon, in the singular. This is evidenced by the wording of the Humanitarian Pledge, which was issued on December 9, 2014 at the conclusion of the Vienna Conference on the Humanitarian Impact of Nuclear Weapons. Notice that the pledge states:
“Understanding that the immediate, mid- and long-term consequences of a nuclear weapon explosion are significantly graver than it was understood in the past and will not be constrained by national borders but have regional or even global effects, potentially threatening the survival of humanity.” (emphasis added)
This statement is technically incorrect, as a single nuclear weapon explosion cannot produce “global effects, potentially threatening the survival of humanity.” Only a nuclear war, fought with the strategic nuclear arsenals of the United States and Russia, is predicted to have the capacity to produce the catastrophic consequences capable of wiping out most peoples and nations. Likewise, scientists predict that a war fought with atomic bombs of the emerging nuclear weapon states can cause global weather changes that will likely lead to mass starvation. But a single nuclear detonation cannot produce such an effect.
The apparent confusion about the effects of a single nuclear weapon versus the effects of nuclear war were also reflected in the UN Resolution 70/47, titled “Humanitarian Consequences of Nuclear Weapons.” It was passed in December 2015 and contains this language:
“Welcoming the facts-based discussions on the effects of a nuclear weapon detonation that were held at the conferences on the humanitarian impact of nuclear weapons convened respectively by Norway in March 2013, Mexico in February 2014 and Austria in December 2014…” (emphasis added)
It is imperative to avoid any similar confusion of cause and effect within the text of the ban treaty now being written. The scientifically predicted consequences of nuclear war must be clearly distinguished from those likely be to be caused by a single nuclear weapon detonation.
Science should be part of the ban treaty. The best way to avoid confusion over the effects of nuclear weaponry on the world environment would be to include authoritative scientific predictions—detailing the likely consequences of a range of nuclear conflicts—as supporting evidence in the preamble of the ban treaty. The existential threats explained by these peer-reviewed scientific studies provide the most powerful arguments imaginable against the existence of nuclear weapons and nuclear arsenals.
A series of studies were conducted at the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics at the University of Colorado-Boulder, the Department of Environmental Sciences at Rutgers, the Department of Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences at UCLA, the National Center for Atmospheric Research Earth System Laboratory, Boulder, Colorado, and ETH Zurich, which used a state-of-the-art computer modeling to evaluate the environmental consequences of a range of possible nuclear conflicts. The five peer-reviewed studies listed below evaluated the consequences of a war fought with atomic bombs:
Toon, Owen B., Richard P. Turco, Alan Robock, Charles Bardeen, Luke Oman, and Georgiy L. Stenchikov, 2007: Atmospheric effects and societal consequences of regional scale nuclear conflicts and acts of individual nuclear terrorism. Atm. Chem. Phys., 7, 1973-2002. Retrieved from (English): http://climate.envsci.rutgers.edu/pdf/acp-7-1973-2007.pdf (Russian): http://climate.envsci.rutgers.edu/pdf/acp-7-1973-2007Russian.pdf
Robock, Alan, Luke Oman, Georgiy L. Stenchikov, Owen B. Toon, Charles Bardeen, and Richard P. Turco, 2007: Climatic consequences of regional nuclear conflicts. Atm. Chem. Phys., 7, 2003-2012. Retrieved from (English): http://climate.envsci.rutgers.edu/pdf/acp-7-2003-2007.pdf (Russian): http://climate.envsci.rutgers.edu/pdf/acp-7-2003-2007Russian.pdf
Mills, Michael, Owen B. Toon, Richard P. Turco, Douglas E. Kinnison, Roland R. Garcia, 2007: Massive global ozone loss predicted following regional nuclear conflict. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Vol. 105 no. 14, doi: 10.1073/pnas.0710058105. Retrieved from http://www.pnas.org/content/105/14/5307.full
Mills, Michael J., Owen B. Toon, Julia Lee-Taylor, and Alan Robock, 2014: Multi-decadal global cooling and unprecedented ozone loss following a regional nuclear conflict. Earth's Future, 2, 161-176, doi:10.1002/2013EF000205. Retrieved from http://climate.envsci.rutgers.edu/pdf/MillsNWeft224.pdf
Stenke, Andrea, C. R. Hoyle, B. Luo, E. Rozanov, J. Gröbner3, L. Maag, S. Brönnimann, and T. Peter, 2013: Climate and chemistry effects of a regional scale nuclear conflict. Atmos. Chem. Phys., 13, 9713-9729, doi:10.5194/acp-13-9713-2013. Retrieved from http://www.atmos-chem-phys.net/13/9713/2013/
Another important peer-reviewed study describes the catastrophic long-term environmental consequences of a large-scale nuclear war fought with strategic nuclear weapons:
One hundred years since the outbreak of World War I
5 August 2014
Yesterday marked the 100th anniversary of Britain's declaration of war against Germany, which completed the entry of all the European imperialist powers into World War I.
The British declaration of war was issued on the pretext that the neutrality of Belgium, which it was committed to protect, had been violated by Germany's declaration of war against France on August 3 and its deployment of troops on Belgian soil.
Germany's war declaration had been carefully orchestrated to ensure that it took place after the troop mobilisation by France's ally, Russia. The Russian mobilisation, in turn, had been prompted by Austria's declaration of war on Serbia on July 28, which Russia pledged to defend in accordance with its expansionist aims in south-eastern Europe.
Over the next four years, the propaganda machines of the imperialist powers were to be honed and developed in order to cover up their real war aims.
Britain, it was claimed, had intervened to counter the atrocities of the “Hun” and defend the “rights of small nations”—notwithstanding the fact that “little Belgium” was an imperialist power in its own right, with considerable colonial holdings in Africa.
France, its political leaders insisted, was fighting the war to uphold the ideals of liberty and democracy against Prussian militarism, despite the fact that it was in alliance with the autocratic and blood-soaked tsarist regime in Russia, supplying it with huge loans that helped sustain the military and the repressive apparatus of the state.
Germany maintained it had been forced into war by the actions of the other European powers and was fighting against Russian barbarism in defence of European culture, as it sought to dominate Europe and achieve its “place in the sun” as a global power.
In fact, the war was not waged for “democracy,” the rights of small nations, or to defeat authoritarianism, but for markets, profits, colonies and spheres of influence. In a rare moment of candour, Winston Churchill, at that time first lord of the admiralty, explained that Britain had an empire, acquired by violence and maintained by force, which others sought to obtain.
While the political superstructure of Europe was very different than what exists today—there was a German kaiser, a Russian tsar and an Austrian emperor—the driving forces of the war were rooted in the capitalist economy.
As Leon Trotsky explained, in words that resonate so powerfully in today's era of globalised production, the vast economic expansion that had taken place over the preceding 40 years meant that the world—the land, the sea, the interior (and today we could add outer space)—had become a single economic workshop. World economy as a whole had replaced the nation-state as the centre of economic development. But the world remained divided by the nation-state system, dominated by the imperialist powers.
In short, the development of mankind's productive forces—the basis for the economic advancement of the world's people—had come into conflict with the nation-state framework in which the capitalist profit system is rooted.
Imperialism, Trotsky wrote, proposed to resolve this contradiction through a bloody struggle of each against all to determine which of the capitalist great powers would become a hegemonic power. War was the method by which capitalism, at the climax of its development, sought to resolve this insoluble contradiction.
The only progressive solution was not the victory of one or another imperialist power, but the overthrow of the capitalist system—the source of the eruption of imperialist violence and destruction. The program of world socialist revolution had become the order of the day.
But if the war laid bare an historic crisis of the capitalist system, it no less powerfully revealed a deep crisis in the workers' movement. On August 4, 1914, as the guns started to fire, the French and Germany socialist parties—the French Section of the Workers International (SFIO) and the German Social Democratic Party (SPD)—voted to support their own governments.
The Second International, of which they were the two major sections, had pointed to the danger of war over the preceding period. At its congress in Basel in 1912, it had voted to commit its sections to a struggle against war, and, if it proved impossible to prevent, to utilise the crisis created by war to hasten the overthrow of capitalism. That commitment had been torn to shreds. The Second International was dead for the purposes of socialism.
The most far-reaching conclusions were drawn by the then relatively little known Marxist leader Vladimir Lenin. The answer to the question as to why the Second International had betrayed, he explained, was not to be found simply in the political biographies of the individual leaders, important as it was to examine them. It signified, above all, the end of a whole epoch—the peaceful, organic development of capitalism, in which the Second International had been founded and grown—and the dawning of a new one: an epoch of wars and revolutions.
The overriding question for Lenin was not the development of tactical slogans for the mass movement that he was sure would develop against the war, but the question of a perspective to guide it. It was necessary to grasp that the socialist revolution was not some distant event that would one day arrive, but rather a historical process that had to be actively prepared and consciously directed. That was the meaning of his call to “turn the imperialist war into a civil war.”
Furthermore, it was necessary, without waiting for a mass movement to emerge, to found the Third International as the international revolutionary leadership of the working class. That was the essential pre-condition for the taking of political power by the working class when the masses were driven into struggle against the capitalist barbarism of the war.
The building of the Third International, Lenin insisted, took place through the most relentless struggle against all forms of opportunism—not only against the right wing in the Second International that had overtly carried out the betrayal, but against those “lefts” who covered up for them.
It was on this perspective that, under the leadership of Lenin and Trotsky, the Bolshevik Party carried through the Russian Revolution in October 1917 as the first shot in the world socialist revolution.
Lenin played a unique role, because his whole struggle to build the Bolshevik Party had been based on an unrelenting struggle against opportunism. What had appeared to his opponents as “sectarianism,” “doctrinarism,” and “tendentious hair-splitting” had a world-historic significance. It was the essential precondition for building a revolutionary party capable of meeting the tasks of the new epoch.
On the centenary of the outbreak of World War I, these lessons acquire a burning actuality, as the imperialist powers threaten to plunge humanity into a third world war. Not only are wars spreading in Syria, Iraq, Libya, Ukraine and beyond, which threaten to produce a clash with nuclear-armed powers such as Russia and China, but these wars have been embraced by the pseudo-left parties in the imperialist countries. As these wars spread, moreover, tensions grow between the imperialist powers themselves.
The role of building the necessary revolutionary leadership of the international working class in the struggle against capitalism falls to the Fourth International under the leadership of the International Committee, for which its protracted struggle against all forms of national opportunism, stretching back more than six decades, has been the decisive preparation.
Nick Beams
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
A man was arrested in southwestern Serbia after he tried to assault police officers with a machete while shouting Allahu Akbar, Serbian media report, referring to the man as self-proclaimed Salafist.
A man, identified only as B.N., tried to attack police officers who had come to summon him for questioning. He first tried to barricade himself inside the house, but then ran out wielding a machete and shouting “Allahu Akbar.” However, when one of the officers fired a warning shot into the air, the man ran away, only to rush at the officers again.
Read more
During his second attempt, the man was shot in the leg, after which he was taken to hospital and eventually arrested. The attack occurred in the Serbian town of Raska located not far from Serbia's border with Kosovo, according to some media, while other news outlets say it took place in the neighboring Roma settlement of Kucevski Lug.
The assailant is well known to police for committing numerous crimes ranging from disturbing the peace, to insulting and attacking police officers, a local radio broadcaster reported, citing police.
The man has been saying that he was a Wahhabi for ten years, police told the local radio station, stressing that there is no official data confirming that he has links to the Wahhabis, or any radical Islamist groups.
Friday's attack in Serbia comes after a series of assaults on police officers in various countries over recent months. It also resembles a similar incident in Belgium that took place on August 6, when two female police officers were injured in the city of Charleroi in a machete attack later claimed by Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL).
A machete-wielding man was also arrested in the Belgian city of Liege the next day. In mid-August, two men armed with axes and guns injured two police officers in Moscow, and a French police officer was stabbed in the city of Toulouse on August 30.
Not every film can be good; in fact, most aren't. But it takes a special kind of failure to make someone just kiss his or her $10 goodbye and get up and leave.
We've all been there. Sitting in that darkened room, watching as something particularly ungodly unspools before our eyes. And somehow, bad turns to worse — and it gets so bad that you're willing to forfeit your hard-earned cash and just get up and leave. It doesn't happen often, but it happens.
Advertisement
It last happened to me while seeing the 2006 Michael Rapaport toadstool Special. This "adventure" about a normal guy who thought he had superpowers got dumber as it went on, and not in an interesting way, until it finally reached unbearable. Almost walked out of both The Happening and Knowing, but that kind of misbegotten apocalyptic insanity needed seeing through all the way to the end.
When was the last time it got so bad you simply couldn't take it anymore?
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Thirty activists with Greenpeace remain jailed in Russia and face possible piracy charges one week after they were detained during a peaceful protest against Arctic oil drilling. Many of the Greenpeace activists are appearing in a Russian court today. A freelance photographer and a Greenpeace spokesperson, Roman Dolgov, have just been ordered to be jailed for two months.
On September 18th, Greenpeace activists attempted to scale Russia's first Arctic offshore oil platform. A nearby Russian coast guard ship with agents masked on board responded. The Russians proceeded to ram and slash the Greenpeace inflatable boats, sprayed the activists with water cannons, and fired warning shots. They detained two Greenpeace activists who had managed to climb onto the oil platform.
AMY GOODMAN: A day later, armed Russian coast guards descended on Greenpeace's main ship, the Arctic Sunrise, using a helicopter and ropes. They reportedly lined up the majority of the 30 activists on board and held them at gunpoint on their knees on the ship's deck. Officials then towed the boat and its occupants to the port of Murmansk, where the activists were held incommunicado and questioned by investigators. On Tuesday, Russia's top investigative agency said it would prosecute the Greenpeace activists on piracy charges. If convicted, the activists could face up to 15 years in prison.
On Wednesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin defended the Russian coast guard's decision to apprehend the Greenpeace activists. He spoke at an international conference on the Arctic.
PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN: [translated] It would be better if Greenpeace representatives sat with us together in this hall and told us what they think about the problems we're discussing. They could state their complaints, demands and concerns. No one is trying to brush them aside. We gather for meetings like this specifically to discuss such problems. It's obvious they are not pirates, but they tried to storm the platform. Our security forces and border troops did not know who exactly was trying to seize the platform under the Greenpeace guise. It's obvious these people violated international law by coming dangerously close to the platform.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Human rights groups have called on Russian authorities to drop the piracy charges. Amnesty International Russia Director Sergei Nikitin said the activists legitimately exercised their right to peaceful protest.
SERGEI NIKITIN: [translated] Piracy charges are totally fabricated and do not have any legal basis. They are absolutely baseless. We are calling on the Russian authorities to drop these charges against the Greenpeace activists, who used their right to a peaceful protest. Let me stress that the activists who protested against oil drilling in the Arctic did not possess any weapons.
AMY GOODMAN: For more, we're joined by Kumi Naidoo. He's the executive director of Greenpeace International. In 2012, he participated in a similar action against oil drilling in the Arctic.
Kumi Naidoo, it's great to have you in our studios here at Democracy Now!
KUMI NAIDOO: Thank you, Amy. It's good to be here.
AMY GOODMAN: I should say in our LEED Platinum studios—
KUMI NAIDOO: Yes.
AMY GOODMAN: —the highest rating you can get in green building.
KUMI NAIDOO: Yes, congratulations on that.
AMY GOODMAN: Explain to us what is happening right now in the Arctic.
KUMI NAIDOO: As we sit now, the activists are in court. Already, we know that five activists—two from Russia, one from Canada, New Zealand and Poland—have already been sentenced to what is euphemistically called pretrial detention, which is basically detention without trial, for two months. And the charges that they are being investigated are actually piracy. In the words of one of the people, Denis Sinyakov, a Russian colleague, who is the photographer on board, he said, “The criminal activity I am blamed for is called journalism. I will continue doing it.” And that captures very well what we are seeing here.
This is a disproportionate use of state authority to try to silence off a very important global conversation that needs to be had, because right now we are reaching the tipping points on climate. The Arctic serves as a refrigerator and air conditioner of the planet, and rather than seeing the retreating of the Arctic sea ice during the summer months as a warning sign that we have to get serious about climate change, sadly, Western oil companies like Exxon and Shell and so on are partnering with Russian state-owned companies to actually go and try to drill for the last drops of oil in this most fragile, remote and risky environment for such activities.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And talk about the Russian decision to begin exploration. How recent is it, and what are the plans in terms of how extensive they expect it to be?
KUMI NAIDOO: The plans are pretty extensive. It is, sadly, a key part of the Russian government's economic strategy, actually, to harness the hydrocarbons of fossil fuels in the Arctic. Why this particular facility is important is that even though there are many explorations going on by different companies in different parts of the Arctic, this is the first actual drilling that is about to start. But last year, when we participated in exactly the same protest, which I was part of last year, they said they were about to start then. Our protests slowed them down by about a week, and then they suspended. So, why this is significant is that this will be the beginning of a road to disaster if the drilling actually starts. So that's why we've put so much of emphasis on this particular facility.
AMY GOODMAN: So, Kumi Naidoo, you did this last year already, you, yourself. Talk about that action you did, since you experienced it. I certainly remember it, as we were talking to you hanging off the side of the ship. And so, what has happened in this year?
KUMI NAIDOO: Well, in the course of this year—there were no charges brought against us, by the way. We were very transparent. We never hid anything. In fact, the Russian coast guard ship took them three days to get there, but once they got there, they just observed, and they took a view that we were peaceful. And after we finished our protest after about seven days, we sailed away peacefully, no problem.
So, this is a completely different approach. We don't understand. I mean, piracy, by the way, is a very big international problem, as we stand today. To actually bring these charges against peaceful activists is to trivialize, actually, the challenge that we have on dealing with piracy, and it is to silence resistance.
And the reality is, I know my colleagues who have participated in this action. In fact, a young woman called Sini Saarela, who was with us last year, is the—was the first person to actually get arrested. And yesterday, the Russian coast guard themselves released footage of their reading of what they did, and it's horrific. You've got Sini Saarela and other activists, Marco from Switzerland, being yanked and—while they were hanging, you know, several meters up. And they're screaming, “We're coming down! We're coming down!” And, you know, they were—their lives were put at serious risk. And then they started shooting bullets into the water close to where the rigs were. And this is really unnecessary intimidation.
We appealed to President Putin and the Russian people as a whole to understand that what is at stake here is not just the world's future, but Russia is actually very much in the firing line of climate change because of permafrost and what changes are happening, which will impact also heavily on the Russian people.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: What do you make of the, on the one hand, prosecutors saying they're going to pursue piracy possible charges, while President Putin says, “Well, obviously, they weren't pirates,” in a public forum? Is this differences within the government or Putin just trying to put on a good face to the actions of his government?
KUMI NAIDOO: This is a really good question to put to the Russian government, who will be the only people who could answer with authority. The speculation is that—the reading is that the occupation of the ship by the coast guards, when they came down by helicopters, happened in international waters, and that action by the Russian state was in fact illegal in terms of international law. And it might be that they are pursuing the piracy charges, because that actually gives them cover from any litigation against them for an illegal act of occupying a ship for no good reason in international waters. That's the only speculation I've heard at the moment, but quite honestly, that's a question only the Russian authorities can answer.
AMY GOODMAN: And, Kumi, what are the U.S. plans for drilling in the Arctic? They said they're going to release Arctic-specific drilling rules by year's end. Of course, Shell wants to drill in the Arctic.
KUMI NAIDOO: Well, Shell has actually given the world a very eloquent sort of example of why it is so incredibly difficult for us to even think that it's possible to safely drill in the Arctic. Shell has blown $5 billion of their investors' money over the last two years in one fiasco after other trying to get to the point of exploration. Shell has now suspended the drilling for this year to try and get their act in order. But I think that it is very misguided of President Obama and the U.S. administration to actually allow this to actually happen. To grant any licenses is essentially yet another step towards accelerating us to irreversible climate change, because the consequences of drilling in this very fragile part of the world will just go to be devastating.
AMY GOODMAN: We're going to break and then come back to our discussion, and Kumi Naidoo will be joined by Jeff Masters of Weather Underground, as we continue to talk about climate change. This is Democracy Now! Kumi Naidoo is a executive director of Greenpeace International, in from South Africa. Stay with us.
Monaco 0-2 Juventus
(Higuain 29', 59')
Gonzalo Higuain scored twice as Juventus delivered a hammer blow to Monaco's Champions League hopes.
The game was billed as a clash of styles, with Monaco's free-scoring attack taking on Juve's seemingly impenetrable defence. And for all of Monaco's exuberant young talent, the wise old defence of Juventus proved too savvy for their exciting but inexperienced opponents. The Old Lady has now gone over 600 minutes since conceding in the Champions League.
The triple axis of Giorgio Chiellini, Leonardo Bonucci, and Andrea Barzagli soaked up everything Monaco were able to throw at them. A Catenaccio masterclass, Juventus sat deep and counter-attacked with precision and pace, executing Massimiliano Allegri's gameplan to perfection.
Juventus' opening goal came just before the half-hour mark, and was a majestic team move. The excellent Miralem Pjanic started the move, Dani Alves delivered a brilliant backheel assist and Higuain calmly slotted beyond Danijel Subasic. The Argentine goalscorer vaulted over the advertising hoardings and raced towards the traveling support, pumping his fist in front of the delirious away fans.
Kylian Mbappe, the 18-year-old Monaco forward who went into this game with 16 goals from his previous 16 games, should have done better when he discovered a pocket of space within the Juve defence, but directed his free header straight at Gianluigi Buffon.
The Juventus goalkeeper, incidentally, chalked up his 100th Champions League appearance for Juventus and becomes only the second Italian player (after Paolo Maldini) to reach the milestone for a single club. Buffon played his part at the Stade Louis too, saving at the near post to deny Mbappe and later reacting to Valere Germain's bullet header with a crucial fingertip save.
Monaco continued to enjoy much of the ball, but Juve's expert pressing reduced their influence and frustrated the home side. The inventive Bernando Silva is usually Monaco's creative hub in attacking midfield, but Pjanic and Claudio Marchisio marshaled him expertly.
Higuain's double at Monaco was much-needed for the striker, who has struggled to perform in the tournament this season.
Juventus turned the screw just before the hour mark, and again the impressive Dani Alves assisted the ruthless Higuain. Paolo Dybala pinched the ball from Tiemoue Bakayoko and found Alves, whose floated cross from the right was slid in first time by Higuain. His match-winning performance was long overdue, with the striker laboring in the competition this season.
The visitors continued to sit back, safe in the knowledge that Monaco would struggle to break them down. Allegri's side stayed in control all the way to the final whistle, which was met with a hushed realization from the home support that they had been taught a lesson by their Italian visitors.
Barring an unlikely turnaround in each semifinal, Cardiff's Millennium Stadium will host a heavyweight showdown between Juventus and Real Madrid on June 3.
As it happened:
Locks test 2013
The 2013 test's expanded assessment includes a Ride On security rating. Which is the only lock to score a perfect 10? What level of security do you need? SimonVincett reveals all the test results.
Do you think you can tell a tough bike lock at a glance? Well, nothing is certain until the tools come out, and that's what we rely on here at Ride On for our annual bike lock showdown. It's not all brute force and flying sparks though, before the locks' toughness is tested we see how well they work in the real world. After all, it's not worth having the toughest lock if it's annoying to use.
The new top lock for this year is a model we've been looking forward to testing. The brilliantly named New York Fahgettaboudit d-lock—and it didn't disappoint. The mighty 18mm shackle stood up to all the cutting and smashing tools including the angle grinder. After more than two minutes of cutting it (with a metal cutting blade), we still hadn't broken through. We had to cut a second time to release the bike. It's weighty, at just under two kilograms, but it's the only lock to score a perfect 10 security rating.
On the usability front, two locks stood out—the titanium bow lock, the TiGr, and the wearable Hiplok. The TiGr is designed to capture two wheels and the frame of your bike. It's also very flexible to bend out around a solid anchor. To carry the lock, you slide it along the top tube of your bike frame and hold it in place with the Velcro straps provided. The Hiplok is a chain designed to be worn around the hips. It's comfortable and extremely convenient to use, though the Lite version isn't as secure as the beefier, original model. Finally, when your situation really calls for a flexible lock, we're pleased to be able to recommend some top performing cables and chains.
We recognise that some locks are not meant to be used in high-risk situations, so we assess as high, medium or low security. This allows us to acknowledge that a light, easy-to-use, low-security lock is an appropriate choice for a low-risk situation. Such a lock can achieve a high rating within its category. From the 26 locks rated in the table over the page you should find a model that suits you. The nine locks featured opposite are top performers that offer a variety of formats and features in a range of prices. At least one of the brands should be available from a shop near you.
Security assessment
We use tools that can be stashed in a sports bag carried by a person on foot. Therefore, the bolt cutters are 63cm in length and the angle grinder is battery powered, for instance.
The locks are first attacked with a hammer, which the 2011 test showed is sometimes successful. Next we try boltcutters and cable cutters, and then a hacksaw. With these hand tools the testers are invited to use multiple tools in tandem. Finally, we use a battery-powered angle grinder. The attacks are timed and abandoned after three minutes or earlier if continuation is futile.
Other routine assessment
Each lock is assessed according to the four categories Ride On uses to review any product: function, quality, price and appearance. Scores in all these areas are weighted for significance and combined to produce an overall rating, expressed as a percentage.
‘Function' in this test also encompasses assessment of the weight, usability, options for carrying the lock and other considerations such as whether the lock will damage the user's bike when in use. ‘Quality' and ‘price' are assessed relative to other products on the market, informed by how the lock performed in the security testing. ‘Appearance' is a subjective, but necessary, assessment. As with all Ride On ratings, ‘price' and ‘appearance' have a lesser weighting, being just 10% of the overall rating each.
attack times are affected by the practical difficulty of getting at each lock
The security score is then combined with the ‘function' score from the other assessment to become the overall ‘function' score. It must be weighted, however, to reflect that security is the most important function of a lock. Therefore, we make security 60% of the total ‘function' score, with other ‘function' aspects making up the remaining 40%. The ‘quality', ‘price' and ‘appearance' scores come from the other routine assessment to be combined for the overall rating.
We revised our rating system in 2013 and results from the previous two locks tests have been put through this year's rating system to keep the comparison of all the locks consistent. This explains some variations in scores from last year. We also had a larger sample this year—due to new locks added to the previous ones. This allowed more comparison between models with similar characteristics. The effect is that some models previously tested were shown up as not as impressive next to newly tested models.
It's important to note that the attack times are affected by the practical difficulty of getting at each lock. We attach the locks to a bike and a street pole before attacking them, so it's a realistic situation. Leverage and hammer attacks have to be done without damaging the bike and smaller d-locks are usually harder to cut without nicking the bike too. Similarly, it's often hard to keep chains steady while attacking them. Therefore, attack times can be higher than you might expect based simply on the materials from which the locks are made.
The nine best locks in their categories are featured below and the top 26 are listed in the final table.
High security
This category resist attack by hammer, boltcutters and hacksaw and could only be cut by an angle grinder.
Kryptonite New York Fahgettaboudit
$110 1985g
18mm shackle took 130 seconds to cut once
Two cuts required to release
93%
Heavy but ultimate security for a good price
For retailers call Cassons (02) 8892 1900
Abus Granit X-Plus 54
$199 1397g
13mm shackle took 73 seconds to cut once
Two cuts required to release
90%
Pricy but awesome security for the weight
For dealers www.velovita.com.au
Vulcan Supreme 2000
$40 954g
Shackle took 42 seconds to cut once
Two cuts required to release
87%
Highly secure, bargain price
For dealers www.bicorp.com.au
Knog Straightjacket Fatty
$36 1365g
Tricky to hold steady; 23 seconds to cut once
Two cuts required to release
86%
The best chain option
For dealers www.knog.com.au
Medium security
These three are the best medium security locks we've tested. They foiled the hand tools but quickly succumbed to the angle grinder.
Abus Iven 8220 cable
$90 1080g
Braided cable covered with thick silicone encased in tough nylon sleeve
87%
Not cheap, but the toughest cable around
For dealers www.velovita.com.au
Knog Kabana
$50 468g
Thick silicone covering is a real nuisance for hand tools
85%
More than a pretty face
For dealers www.knog.com.au
Abus Booster Pro
$35 642g
Thick casing and braided cable defeated bolt cutters
82%
Average looks with surprising performance
For dealers www.velovita.com.au
Low security
The top two low security locks offer light weight and convenience but a low level of deterrence.
Kuat Bottle Lock
$35 425g
Bottle cage mount makes very convenient operation
75%
Convenient and long cable
For dealers www.blueglobe.com.au
Knog Party Coil
$25 321g
Colourful, light and cheap
65%
Funky option for low-risk lock ups
For dealers www.knog.com.au
Ride On content is editorially independent, but is supported financially by members of Bicycle Network. If you enjoy our articles and want to support the future publication of high-quality content, please consider helping out by becoming a member.
"Spartacus: Vengeance" Beats "Game of Thrones" as Deadliest TV Series Posted: May 23rd, 2012 by WorstPreviews.com Staff
FuneralWise examined forty TV series in which death is common, and found out that "Spartacus: Vengeance" easily has the largest body-count with an average of 25 dead bodies per episode. Taking second place is "Game of Thrones" with 13 deaths.
Shows with non-human characters were also looked at and numbers show that "The Vampire Diaries" tends to kill 18 vampires per episode, topping "The Walking Dead," which eliminates 16 zombies. Both kill only one person per episode.
Out of all the shows studied, "Revenge," "White Collar" and "Leverage" were the safest with zero humans and non-humans killed each episode. Check out the full list below.
* Spartacus: Vengeance - Human (25), Non-Human (0)
* Games of Thrones - Human (13), Non-Human (0)
* Nikita - Human (9), Non-Human (0)
* NCIS Los Angeles - Human (6), Non-Human (0)
* Criminal Minds - Human (5), Non-Human (0)
* Alcatraz - Human (4), Non-Human (0))
* Breaking Bad - Human (4), Non-Human (0)
* CSI - Human (4), Non-Human (0)
* Homeland - Human (4), Non-Human (0)
* CSI Miami - Human (3), Non-Human (0)
* Person of Interest - Human (3), Non-Human (0)
* Rizzoli and Isles - Human (3), Non-Human (0)
* Dexter - Human (3), Non-Human (0)
* Fringe - Human (3), Non-Human (1)
* Supernatural - Human (3), Non-Human (1)
* Body of Proof - Human (3), Non-Human (0)
* Justified - Human (3), Non-Human (0)
* Southland - Human (3), Non-Human (0)
* True Blood - Human (3), Non-Human (1)
* NCIS - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* Boardwalk Empire - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* Hawaii Five-O - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* Castle - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* Unforgettable - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* Blue Bloods - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* CSI New York - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* In Plain Sight - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* Grimm - Human (2), Non-Human (1)
* The Mentalist - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* Law and Order: SVU - Human (2), Non-Human (0)
* Covert Affairs - Human (1), Non-Human (0)
* The Closer - Human (1), Non-Human (0)
* The Vampire Diaries - Human (1), Non-Human (18)
* Bones - Human (1), Non-Human (0)
* The Walking Dead - Human (1), Non-Human (16)
* Burn Notice - Human (1), Non-Human (0)
* Flashpoint - Human (1), Non-Human (0)
* Revenge - Human (0), Non-Human (0)
* White Collar - Human (0), Non-Human (0)
* Leverage - Human (0), Non-Human (0)
Source: FuneralWise
You must be registered to post comments. Login or Register Displaying 33 comment(s) Profanity: Turn On Bullit writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 4:40:53 AM
At least there is a plot, a story in Games of Thrones. Spartacus is just gory with no story: everything was said in Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece. trailertrash writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 6:33:42 AM
Out of all those shows i've only ever seen the Walking Dead.
Bullit Kubrick's Spartacus is the mutts and one of those films everyone should see at least once. Rambo writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 6:46:05 AM
tried to watch the first episode of game of thrones...what a pile of crap.. Cinemaisdead writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 8:10:33 AM
Rambo- No... just no!! How can you say that, Game of Thrones is one of the best shows on TV at the moment, probably one of the best fantasy shows of all time. What don't you like about it? The well written dialogue, the sexy naked prostitutes who get f*cked at least once an episode or the unpredictable story lines? bandolero999 writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 8:29:10 AM
Nobody ever talks about Kirk Douglas Spartacus anymore.
Before Gladiator and Braveheart Bullit writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 9:03:54 AM
^ ^ I just did mate.
@Trailer: Yes mate, I saw that film many times and still have the same thrill. But my fav Kubrick's film is definitely BARRY LYNDON. I regret that I didn't read the book before but still, a brilliant adaption onto a screen. He used a camera lens borrowed from NASA in order to catch the candles's light during the game c Bullit writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 9:04:45 AM
*during the cards game scene. Bullit writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 9:05:40 AM
And what cinema said. bandolero999 writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 9:29:23 AM
yea besides you guys. trailertrash writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 11:21:54 AM
Bullit
That movie the Vikings were always watched in our house as kids, Great films
My favorite Kubrick movie stars Kurt Douglas during WW1 Paths Of Glory.
Mate that is a really,really good movie.
It's a little bit war action then it ends in a courtroom where the general tries to court marshall 3 of the men who wouldn't carry out the suicide mission for his own gains.
Douglas is Awesome !! His best role EVER track it down and watch it if you haven't seen it. Rambo writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 11:29:31 AM
@cinema
recommend me a title of a good episode and I might give it another chance Bullit writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 11:48:43 AM
@trailer: Yes mate, The Vikings, probably the best film ever made about it.
About the The Paths of glory, did you know that it was banned in France until...the 90's? The Military took it as an insult and a serious matter of State. Bloody hypocrits, everybody knew since WWI that they were sending the French young troops in too many suicidal missions: men against bombs with no artillery back up. Yes, that film was forbidden for 40 years just for telling the truth.
Needeless to say that I've seen many times all the 12 films he made.
Cheers mate. Blank x25 writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 12:39:33 PM
@Cinema - don't waste your time. All Rambo can ever come up with is "that sucked", or "what a pile of crap".
If he isn't smart enough to realize you need to watch these shows in order, he will never comprehend television for adults. Him telling you to just name a random episode shows he doesn't understand continuity,story, and/or narrative. It really blows my mind how f*cking stupid and clueless some people are.
Oh, and Game of Thrones is boss. Definitely lives up to that 9.4 on imdb right now.
Now let the sophomore insults fly. Rambo writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 1:26:20 PM
^what a pile of crap...that sucked!!! billofill writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 1:53:36 PM
A good episode title of Game of Thrones, lets see. UM THE FIRST ONE you hated, was great. The Last 3 episodes of Season 1 GREAT. kBob writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 2:15:33 PM
Game of Thrones (tv series) is a great adaption, but read the novels from which the show is based off of. Song of Ice and Fire. They're quick reads and never fail to captivate. Dre-EL writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 2:25:17 PM
yea cause this is something I was dying to know minkowski writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 3:39:29 PM
People actually watch medieval fantasy television? Really? No offense, but...why? What ever int he world do you get from a show like that? Swords and sandals sh*t? Guess it's a hit because it's filmed in Ireland. Must be a national loyalty thing. Bullit writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 3:49:43 PM
^ ^
"the sexy naked prostitutes who get f*cked at least once an episode"
There's your answer. Plus, the casting is mostly British with the english accent. Enough to make me go on top of all the other utterly useless shows. It's all about culture really...but no offense buddy, it's just, you know, the education we received & the inheritance we have to manage & update in our daily lives. At some points, we got bored with Eastenders... minkowski writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 3:56:15 PM
Ah, so I was somewhat right. Well, I guess that's cool. Don't watch television really. Never got the appeal. Lots of hours staring at a stupid glass screen and rainbow-hued pixels, or phosphor dots. Whatever.
Throw in some murderous robots and maybe I'll watch. Dekead writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 5:03:44 PM
Yeah, there are people being paid to do this kind of stuff? Doing body counts and Avengers screen times? Cinemaisdead writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 6:10:05 PM
minkowski- You don't like Lord of The Rings either do ya I remember you saying before? I love Game of Thrones just as much as any other dramatic film cause even though its fantasy the way they act is still pretty human. Also with shows you get more character development. I'm actually getting more in to tv now days with shows with bigger budgets. Dexter was amazing, Breaking Bad was one of the best things I've ever seen. None of the tension I experienced in those shows would work in film format unless they made sequels but even that wouldn't be enough time.
Game of Thrones is good because even though obviously its fantasy, I care about the characters, I hate the bad guys and I want people to f*ck sh*t up. That's enough for me to stream it online every week. Cinemaisdead writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 6:12:39 PM
And Rambo- watch episodes 2 and 3 and see if you get in to it, if not give up it wont make any sense watching random episodes. trailertrash writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 6:15:17 PM
Bullit
I didn't know that about the movie being banned in France for all those years. Doesn't suprise me, It didn't show them in a very good light.
Cheers for the info bud ..... trailertrash writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 6:16:19 PM
Rambo - lol, Touche ...... GIST writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 8:26:00 PM
Did you know?
Jack Gleeson who plays Prince Joffrey in Games of Thrones, is naturally is a f*ckin' prick in real life? minkowski writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 8:36:03 PM
Well goddamn it, I guess I'll just have to pirate a few GoT eps then, because Cinema, who isn't easily impressed, has totally f*cking convinced me. Damn. sh*t. f*ck.
No, seriously, I'll give it a shot. GIST writes:
on May 23rd, 2012 at 10:18:52 PM
Give it a shot Mink. It'd be Interesting to get your feedback on the show. Zeroguy writes:
on May 24th, 2012 at 12:04:31 AM
Game of Thrones is way more entertaining, compelling and smarter.
Spartacus is just jerkoff fodder. Johnnyb writes:
on May 24th, 2012 at 4:18:48 AM
How about the sexual tv series of all the time category? I think Murphy's series will win all!!!!! seveltoto writes:
on November 3rd, 2017 at 7:23:59 AM
situs judi togel recreator9 writes:
on November 28th, 2017 at 12:34:09 AM
agen sbobet terpercaya nikitavirza writes:
on January 29th, 2018 at 11:53:29 PM
agen sbobet terpercaya
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The three-fingered salute was widely adopted by Thais opposing the May military coup
Five Thai students who flashed a salute inspired by Hollywood film series The Hunger Games at Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-Ocha have been detained.
The three-fingered salute was widely used by protesters against Thailand's military coup in May.
The military had threatened in June to arrest anyone who refused to stop doing it when challenged.
Gen Prayuth led the coup, which came after months of political deadlock and unrest, and became PM in August.
On Wednesday, he was speaking at an event in the north-eastern province of Khon Kaen when five students from a local university sitting near the podium stood up.
They removed their shirts to reveal T-shirts underneath with a Thai slogan reading "No Coup", and flashed the three-fingered salute.
Police officers and soldiers immediately took the five away.
'Anyone else?'
The three-finger gesture is used by characters in the dystopian Hunger Games film and book trilogy as a sign of silent dissent against a brutal authoritarian state.
It became so popular after the Thai coup that the authorities warned they would arrest anyone in a large group who gave the salute and refused to lower their arm when ordered.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mr Chan-ocha was named PM in August by a legislature hand-picked by the military
Local media reported that Mr Chan-ocha appeared unperturbed on Wednesday and asked: "Does anyone else want to protest?" He added that protesters could lodge complaints with local government offices.
Army officials later confirmed that the students were taken to a military camp and were detained for "attitude adjustment", reported The Nation.
Lawyer Sasinan Thamnithinan said they had not been charged, the Associated Press reports.
Anti-coup leaflets had reportedly been distributed around Khon Kaen province before Gen Prayuth's arrival.
The area is known to be a power base for former PM Thaksin Shinawatra and his Pheu Thai party, whose supporters are known as "red shirts".
The military has been heavily criticised for its ousting of the democratically-elected civilian government.
But it has argued that its 22 May coup was necessary to bring peace and stability to Thailand, which saw violent clashes between red shirts and the pro-monarchy opposition "yellow shirts" supporters.
Gen Prayuth became prime minister after he was named by a legislature hand-picked by the military.
Amnesty International has said the military government has since engaged in widespread human rights violations, including arbitrary detentions and a clampdown on free speech.
The military has said it eventually plans to hand power back to civilians and promised to hold a general election in late 2015. But international players have raised concerns of the junta consolidating power in the meantime.
salty
Alternative public key encryption
Description
Salty is a nodejs-powered CLI-based alternative to PGP/GPG using NaCl instead of RSA/DSA.
Commits and tags in this repo are signed with GPG key 5FBB 2F98 3862 1AFF.
Upcoming GUI
A GUI is being developed as a node HTTP server you can host locally or remotely to access your wallet. Follow its development here.
Features
NO 3rd parties, NO p2p network, NO browser js, NO exotic/compiled deps, no Comodo SSL, and NO shady corporations. PERIOD.
general purpose CLI, lightweight library attached
audited, bundled dependencies - no install scripts or backdoors
supports anonymous-sender or signed/verified messaging
sharable pubkey string that can fit in a single tweet
does NOT use your ssh keys, pgp keys, or anything RSA
encrypt public key is always ephemeral - does NOT leak metadata
sender identity is deniable, unless they explicitly commit to sign the message
file length hidden with padding
public signing/verifying with detached signatures
binary or "ascii armor" PEM output
import/export your wallet folder - PEM encoded and secretboxed with Scrypt KDF
(new in 3.1) can use anonymous private Github gists to remotely store salty messages
(new in 3.1) full tar/gz support for encrypting/decrypting directories (supports symmetric or asymmetric cipher)
MIT-licensed
Install (Mac OSX)
$ brew tap carlos8f/tap $ brew install salty
Other UNIX-based platforms:
Install first: nodejs
$ wget https://github.com/carlos8f/salty/archive/v4.1.0.tar.gz $ shasum -a 256 v4.1.0.tar.gz 3eb6e0bcb1461af2aa88d81c9be5c69b1b0069e40a30abb90c11420c88504126 v4.1.0.tar.gz $ tar -xf v4.1.0.tar.gz $ sudo ln -sf `pwd`/salty-4.1.0/bin/salty /usr/local/bin/salty
Useful links
S8F Console: How to use Salty - Basic demonstration of the Salty CLI
Salty: PGP Evolved - How Salty improves on the PGP model
Format
Byte counts are in () parenthesis.
Salty wallet
Designed to allow both decryption and signing.
decryption signing -------------- + ----------- decryptSk (32) signSk (64)
Example (wallets are stored as encrypted PEM on disk)
-----BEGIN SALTY WALLET----- Proc-Type: 4,ENCRYPTED DEK-Info: NACL-SCRYPT,IP3NRMw15AGYyU56xwYPVJFa4Xx0aock OjCNhUvjNml3bebBVsIBpTBdvWSRkUG6vVZkdpzFZf9Ak/Bh0ghaXsEhuAiElEMy 2ghCEF5oQVO3dAWdflcvuVH3CSXlPlBfXWr6Y0EEOST3jYwaRS8Qfa2786YNBYCm NBm4au6wbuVp8dL41jhLeQ== -----END SALTY WALLET-----
Salty pubkey
Designed to be sharable, human-readable, and unique.
public keys optional meta ----------------------------------------- [space] -------- -------- base58(encryptPk (32) + verifyPk (32)) "{name}" <{email}>
Example:
2ZuU37oJ1erD85AzVohXq6Y74GHv2hjNYB9fu3P5o9rsGSvRo19HK2wTL4MLma3N6gVFqXN81VTqQ6apBhc5Kezq
Salty file
Designed to allow anonymous or signed messages, and verify message integrity.
required meta ciphertext -------------- + ---------- ephemeral (80) plaintext
Ephemeral
Designed to hide the message and header inside an anonymously encrypted/authenticated payload.
random random message length (encrypted, 24 bytes) -------------- + ---------- + --------------------------------------- encryptPk (32) nonce (24) totalSize (8 bytes, big endian)
Plaintext
Appends a header to the message for verification, and pads the plaintext with null bytes.
--------- + ------- + ------------------- message header null bytes (?)
Header
Always contains a sha256 HMAC to authenticate the message, and optionally contains a signature from the sender.
hash: hex( sha256_hmac( shared_secret ) of message ) [from-salty-id]: base58(encryptPk (32) + verifyPk (32)) [to-salty-id]: base58(encryptPk (32) + verifyPk (32)) [signature]: base58( detached sig of previous headers )
Example:
hash: 3a5a42ad3cadea1ac4abd5169a7a1c2b2017404e00b9f08c5dee6c205f7a197a from-salty-id: 2ZuU37oJ1erD85AzVohXq6Y74GHv2hjNYB9fu3P5o9rsGSvRo19HK2wTL4MLma3N6gVFqXN81VTqQ6apBhc5Kezq to-salty-id: self signature: 5V1c1P5a8dqDVMPhwqnDF39ZrHpaw7jhetEgHyPUkjM8tYvugPzDJ3xyhD9WdJQ4AjwYkN2XdWhnTB3GTRMJuAEd
Signature
Always contains the signer's public keys, a hash to authenticate the file, and a signature.
from-salty-id: base58(encryptPk (32) + verifyPk (32)) hash-algorithm: algorithm hash: hex( algorithm( file ) ) signature: base58( detached sig of previous headers )
Example:
from-salty-id: 2ZuU37oJ1erD85AzVohXq6Y74GHv2hjNYB9fu3P5o9rsGSvRo19HK2wTL4MLma3N6gVFqXN81VTqQ6apBhc5Kezq hash-algorithm: sha256 hash: 19e406822f9eac2c19f0a0d59c1ab1f554e354fadbc1836f9e10858ce227ed2c signature: 49VPoEqf3iNrpaWCjEejfe2vqT8ZHHkb68U6JRzxCEqWSoVoe7AjPEN2c3XYXgCuW7P3htsWbXZdF6LAsoyXoE3v
Usage
Usage: salty [options] [command] Commands: init [options] initialize or update a wallet id|pubkey output your shareable pubkey string import|i <pubkey|url|file> import a pubkey ls|l list imported keys rm <pubkey|email> remove pubkey encrypt|e [options] [infile|indir] [outfile] encrypt a file decrypt|d [options] <infile|gist> [outfile] decrypt and verify a file sign|s [options] <infile> [outfile] create a signature verify|v [options] <insig> [infile] verify a signature save [indir] [outfile] save an encrypted backup of your wallet restore [infile] [outdir] restore your wallet from a backup encode [infile] output base58-encoded data to STDOUT decode [infile] output base58-decoded data to STDOUT * Options: -h, --help output usage information -V, --version output the version number -w, --wallet <dir> wallet location (default: ~/.salty) -F, --force do it anyway
salty encrypt
Usage: encrypt|e [options] [infile|indir] [outfile] encrypt a file Options: -h, --help output usage information -t, --to <pubkey|email> email address to encrypt for. (must be imported first. default: self) -m, --message compose a message instead of using [infile] (implies -a) -s, --sign sign the message to reveal/prove our identity -H, --header <key: value> add a custom header (repeatable) -a, --armor output ASCII armor to STDOUT -g, --gist upload encrypted result as a gist -F, --force ignore warnings and do it -D, --delete delete the original file after encryption
salty decrypt
Usage: decrypt|d [options] <infile|gist> [outfile] decrypt and verify a file Options: -h, --help output usage information -s, --sig require a signature -a, --armor expect ASCII armor, output to STDOUT -g, --gist download the encrypted input from a gist -F, --force ignore warnings and do it -D, --delete delete the salty file after verification
salty sign
Usage: sign|s [options] <infile> [outfile] create a signature Options: -h, --help output usage information -H, --header <key: value> add a custom header (repeatable) -h, --hash <alg> hash algorithm (default: sha256) -a, --armor output ASCII armor to STDOUT -F, --force ignore warnings and do it
salty verify
Usage: verify|v [options] <insig> [infile] verify a signature Options: -h, --help output usage information -a, --armor expect ASCII armor, output to STDOUT
Log
no longer asks for name/email for wallet
release 4.0.3
fix translateHeader if no name/email
release 4.0.2
fix ascii armor signature headers not wrapped
add signing examples
release 4.0.1
updated generic install example to use wget instead of git
release 4.0.0
now you can regenerate your decryption key with salty init --regen
switch to base58-encoding for everything but hashes
hashes are now hex-encoded
\r
newlines in header/PEM changed to
newlines in header/PEM changed to Custom header support for encryption or signing
import now dedupes on verifyPk/email
key removal by pubkey/email now supported
"attached" signatures now available with ASCII armor flag
signatures can be verified without previous setup (wallet creation)
signatures support arbitrary hash algorithms
added --no-translate flag to output raw header
release 3.1.0
Added anonymous gist support
Added tar/gz support for encrypting directories
Example signed message (text)
$ salty sign -a -h ripemd160 -H 'content-type: text/markdown' -H 'filename: README.md' README.md
-----BEGIN SALTY SIGNED MESSAGE----- from-salty-id: 2ZuU37oJ1erD85AzVohXq6Y74GHv2hjNYB9fu3P5o9rsGSvRo 19HK2wTL4MLma3N6gVFqXN81VTqQ6apBhc5Kezq content-type: text/markdown filename: README.md hash-algorithm: ripemd160 content-transfer-encoding: 8bit hash: dcde04cff759a9e38ee4683b09355c857053ee80 signature: 2U135BFHiKYDKxiXMYiQbhDZMxD2imrXYJFVMZezKiTZmfLhtbYUb wxnhsQL4rdc6MfeGsGoxAhEZ1aYYs5tgia5 This is the jekyll source of my personal website, [s8f.org](http://s8f.org/). -----END SALTY SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Example signed message (image)
$ salty sign -a -h sha512 -H 'content-type: image/vnd.microsoft.icon' -H 'filename: favicon.ico' favicon.ico
-----BEGIN SALTY SIGNED MESSAGE----- from-salty-id: 2ZuU37oJ1erD85AzVohXq6Y74GHv2hjNYB9fu3P5o9rsGSvRo 19HK2wTL4MLma3N6gVFqXN81VTqQ6apBhc5Kezq content-type: image/vnd.microsoft.icon filename: favicon.ico hash-algorithm: sha512 content-transfer-encoding: base64 hash: 628b42749e7b007f13c2aa858210e5a5411cedfff93ebb1c758f8a2b2d 5a13f4ccded598aa096b6f824a81e00ddfbd6fd30894eae24530b218158c98e 7e3a16f signature: Kw7dZiBKZNwj4kejF2HevVPoni2mZry5VEKStKQYDeP6H61EWdD2s yod6FJv5JJwXWyaSpBhXjHqSrasHJF2QEx AAABAAEADxAAAAEAIAAoBAAAFgAAACgAAAAPAAAAIAAAAAEAIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADAAAAAQAA AAEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUAAAAeAAAAAAAAAABAAAAAAAA ABgAAAC0AAAAAgAAALMAAAAAAAAAAgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAcAAAAqAAAA1wAA ABMAAAAAAAAAAAAAADoAAABgAAAAAAAAAIIAAAAmAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJgAA AN8AAAC+AAAAmAAAAP8AAAAmAAAAAAAAAI8AAAAeAAAAAAAAACoAAACCAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAACgAAAF8AAAAAAAAAAAAAAOYAAABhAAAAEwAAAPMAAAAEAAAAAAAA AAsAAADeAAAACgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABsAAACxAAAAwQAAAM4AAAAGAAAACQAA ALIAAAAHAAAAAAAAABgAAAC+AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALkAAABtAAAAAgAA AC0AAAAHAAAAAAAAAJUAAAA3AAAAAAAAADcAAAB/AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AF4AAADPAAAAkAAAANEAAAAgAAAAAAAAAC0AAAB5AAAAAAAAAKcAAAAHAAAAAwAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATAAAAqQAAADkAAAAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAB1AAAADQAA AF4AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADAAAABAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD//gAA//4AAP/+AAD//gAA/64AAPfuAADDdgAA+3YAAON2 AADffgAA4+4AAPf+AAD//gAA//4AAP/+AAD//gAA -----END SALTY SIGNED MESSAGE-----
License: MIT
Copyright (C) 2016 Carlos Rodriguez (http://s8f.org/)
Copyright (C) 2016 Terra Eclipse, Inc. (http://www.terraeclipse.com/)
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Off-Ramp ® is a lively weekly look at Southern California through the eyes and ears of radio veteran John Rabe. News, arts, home, life... covering everything that makes life here exciting, enjoyable, and interesting.
Career advice from Dr. Milton Love, an actual marine biologist at UCSB and author of "Certainly More Than You Want to Know About the Fishes of the Pacific Coast."
It's the time of year when high school student seniors, finally addressing what the hell they want to do with their lives, email me and ask about becoming a marine biologist.
So you want to be a marine biologist? Well, why don't you just sit down, stop fidgeting, and let a real marine biologist give you some damn good advice.
First of all there are two really, really bad reasons to want to be a marine biologist.
Bad Reason Number One: "I want to be a marine biologist so that I can talk to dolphins."
When we real marine biologists hear this, our impulse is to thwack you a good one on your keister with a frozen haddock.
And why is that? It is because, and please listen carefully, while you may want to talk to dolphins, dolphins do not want to talk to you. That's right. Mostly dolphins want to eat fishes and have sex with other dolphins. And that pretty much cuts you out of the equation, doesn't it?
Just be honest with yourself. If you want to talk to dolphins you don't want to be a marine biologist. What you really want to do is explore your past lives, get in touch with the Cosmic Oneness, and conduct similar-minded individuals on tours to Central America looking for evidence that We Are Not Alone.
Bad Reason Number Two: "I want to be a marine biologist because I want to make big, big bucks."
Okay, here's the bottom line. By federal law, marine biologists have to take a vow of poverty and chastity. Poverty, because you are not going to make squat-j-doodly in this job. And just how squat is the doodly we are talking about? Well, five years after finishing my PhD I was making slightly less than a beginning manager at McDonald's.
And chastity? Well, who's going to date someone who persistently smells like a thawed haddock with an attitude? Not even a dolphin.
But there are two really, really good reasons to want to become a marine biologist.
Good Reason Number One: "You can dress and act almost any way you want."
This is true. Marine biologists are almost entirely free of any of those silly restrictions that blight the professional landscape of our fellow proletarians. This is because no one really cares about what we do or what we say. You want to come to work dressed in scabrous khaki shorts and a torn black Sandman shirt? Fine. You want to grow a scruffy beard, get a tattoo of a gooseneck barnacle on your arm, or burp at inopportune moments? No problem, just do good work.
Good Reason Number Two: "If you like it, just do it."
Look, the reality is that you only go around once in life and if, by chance, you do come back, knowing how you have behaved in this life, you will undoubtedly come back as a slime mold. And most slime molds cannot be marine biologists ... unless they go into management. So just go out there and do what you enjoy. The ocean is an exciting, never-dull place that is perfect for piddling away your existence. And just think, you actually get paid to think cool thoughts and do cool things.
And so what if you will never have sex again?
Update Friday, Sept. 13, 6 p.m.: Bloodshed was averted as la CNTE leaders decided to leave the square. Some clashes with police had already taken place in side streets. The government immediately sent in cleaners to mop up.
Update Friday, Sept. 13, 4 p.m.: A clash between teachers and police is imminent. The dissident caucus (la CNTE) of the Mexican Teachers Union has defied the government and refused to abandon the Zócalo, Mexico's national plaza, in which thousands have been camping.
Hundreds of riot police and other police have been brought into position around the square and there are busloads nearby as well as tanquetas, armored cars with mounted water cannon. The riot police are armed with helmets, shields, clubs, and teargas launchers.
Many of the teachers began early this morning to remove their personal belongings from the square, and no doubt some are leaving to avoid what will in all likelihood be a violent confrontation. The remaining teachers have built makeshift fences, in effect barricades. Some teachers, the press reports, have armed themselves with makeshift weapons to defend themselves.
A longtime human rights activist in Mexico City reports that shops around the Zócalo have begun to close. Workers in nearby government offices have been sent home.
On Wednesday two enormous columns of teachers, tens of thousands in each, marched to Los Pinos, the presidential residence, to protest the Education Reform Act passed earlier this year and the Law of Professional Teaching Service which Congress has just passed. Several violent confrontations with riot police happened along the way.
At the same time there were demonstrations, some of them very large, in 26 of Mexico's 31 states. In the state of Veracruz, 44,000 of 99,000 teachers demonstrated, according to protest organizers there.
Teachers are protesting the new laws that create a stronger system of evaluation, discipline, and control over the nation's 1.2 million teachers, giving the government more power over them. La CNTE fears the law will be used to fire or otherwise discipline teachers and permit the state to hire new teachers with less seniority, earning lower salaries.
Several senators have called on the government to invoke the new Professional Teaching Service Law and fire striking teachers; in some states they have been out of the classroom for several weeks.
URGENT ACTION
POSSIBLE EVICTION OF MEXICAN TEACHERS FROM THE MEXICAN PLAZA OF THE CONSTITUTION
To sign this urgent action, please click here.
(Translation:) The organizations that make up the National Network of Non-Governmental Organizations of Human Rights "All Rights for All Women and Men" express our concern about the police operation taking place at this time in the Mexico City Zócalo where they are surrounding the teachers who are exercising their right to demonstrate.
We call upon the authorities and the National Coordinating Committee of the Mexican Teachers Union (la CNTE) to prioritize dialogue. We repudiate any provocation that may lead to violent acts and repression of the demonstrators.
The way to solve the conflict with the teachers is not by force nor by repression, but rather in looking for a way that privileges dialogue to achieve an effective negotiation.
We are aware that as non-governmental organizations we support the right to social protest, but we repudiate any act of violence.
It is the duty of the authorities to protect the life and the safety of those who are demonstrating.
We will remain alert to further developments and information.
THIS STATEMENT IS BEING SENT TO THESE INDIVIDUALS:
Lic. Enrique Peña Nieto
Presidente
Email: enrique.penanieto[at]presidencia.gob[dot]mx
Lic. Miguel Ángel Osorio Chong
Secretario de Gobernación
Email: secretario[at]segob.gob[dot]mx
Dr. Miguel Ángel Macera Espinosa
Jefe de Gobierno del Distrito Federal
Email: jefaturadegobierno[at]df.gob[dot]mx
[Original article, Sept. 10:] Teachers—whose unprecedented strikes and massive, militant protests by the tens of thousands have shaken Mexico over the past week—may be headed for a violent confrontation with the government as they call for a general strike tomorrow.
As the strikes and demonstrations led by the National Coordinating Committee (la CNTE), a rank-and-file caucus within the Mexican Teachers Union (el SNTE), have become more extensive and militant, the government of Enrique Peña Nieto has become more intransigent.
Some fear the government may strike out against the teachers now, others think it will act after Congress passes the president's agenda. Everyone fears that Mexican history could be about to repeat itself.
It is a history in which the police and army have been used over and over to crush militant unions, peasant organizations, student protesters, and other movements for democracy. But if Peña Nieto decides to use force to put down the teachers' movement, it will come at great political cost—removing the veneer of democracy from what he has called his “new” Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
Unprecedented Scale
Mexico's independent and democratic teachers' movement has a 40-year history of massive demonstrations and sit-ins—by tens of thousands of people at a time—especially in Oaxaca, Chiapas, and Mexico City, and more recently those in Michoacán.
But we have never seen anything as militant as these current demonstrations—nor as extensive, with teachers striking and protesting from Oaxaca in the south to Chihuahua in the north—as well as in the Federal District.
Teachers have occupied public buildings, blocked the Mexico City international airport for several hours, and seized highway toll booths. For several days 30,000 have sat in at Mexico City's main square or zócalo. They have also threatened to take over banks and businesses. All of these are the traditional tactics of the militant teachers, but never unleashed on such a scale and simultaneously—and never finding such a response from teachers as well as from other workers and the public on a national scale.
Best-Selling Book Secrets of a successful organizer A step-by-step guide to building power on the job. Buy Now. »
The protests are driven by the Mexican Congress's enactment of an education “reform” law, which subjects teachers to evaluations. Issues of wages, benefits, and conditions are also involved in each state.
The teachers' protests, however, are not solely motivated by their concerns about their jobs and salaries. La CNTE also opposes the government's plan to open the Mexican Petroleum Company (PEMEX) to private investment and to pass new tax laws expected to benefit the rich and harm working people and the poor.
Longtime labor activist Román Munguía says the teachers' strikes have been accompanied by an unparalleled radicalization of the population throughout the country. The left-led CNTE thus finds itself at the head of an amorphous national movement opposed to Peña Nieto's entire political agenda.
Leading the teachers' movement has been Local 22, the Oaxaca Teachers Union—the historic leader of the teachers' movement—which now has tens of thousands of its striking members occupying the zócalo in Mexico City with their tents, lean-tos, and huts.
La CNTE has now called for a “national civic work stoppage,” something like a general strike, for Wednesday, September 11.
While such stoppages called in the past have had very limited success—Mexico, unlike almost all other Latin American nations, has never had a general strike—the teachers have the support of 60 other unions, peasant organizations, and community groups that may join them. Among unions supporting the teachers are those at the National Autonomous University and the Street Car Workers. Most unions are, of course, controlled by the PRI, and would not join a strike against the government.
After meeting yesterday, the national council of the Mexican Teachers Union declared the need for a "counter-insurgency" strategy to deal with la CNTE dissidents. El SNTE President Juan Díaz de la Torre, who supports the education law, told the press that the key factor to be able to "sell the reform" to teachers would be adequate government funds for public education and for raises for teachers. He said that teachers who do their duty do not have to worry about being fired.
The Government Intransigent
Peña Nieto and the PRI have made it clear they are preparing to confront the teachers. Peña Nieto has said he will negotiate but “there is no turning back, the education reform law will take effect.” Education Minister Emilio Chuayffet says the government will deal only with the Mexican Teachers Union, not the opposition caucus la CNTE.
Most ominously, Interior Minister Miguel Ángel Osorio Chong, in charge of the country's internal security, told the press that tolerance has its limits, and that if the teachers' mobilizations affect the country's citizens, the law will be invoked. There are armored cars equipped with water cannons ready on the side streets of Mexico City.
At the same time, the Mexican press has begun to change its tone to an anti-teacher one. An article in El Universal, a major Mexico City daily, refers to “Mexican Teachers Provoking Chaos in Five States,” while conservative political columnists suggest that la CNTE is linked to left-wing guerrilla groups and warn that it is taking the country to “a national APPO.” That is a reference to the teachers' strike that became a citywide uprising, complete with barricades, occupations, and takeovers of radio stations, in the city of Oaxaca in 2006. They faced massive repression; death squads killed several teacher leaders.
In late August, thousands of teachers blocked the streets surrounding TV Azteca and Televisa in Mexico City because, they said, those stations were “lying” about the teachers' protests and their demands. Still, TV reports take the side of the government and portray the teachers as unreasonable and violent. Some commentators on the left have begun to warn of coming violent repression.
Up until now, Peña Nieto had been on a roll. He won last year's election (though some say fraudulently) and his party, the PRI, won a majority in both Senate and House. Even before he took office he created the Pact for Mexico, uniting all the major parties around his political agenda of “modernization,” meaning privatization of state-owned companies, encouragement of foreign investors, and more open markets.
Congress passed his anti-worker labor law changes, and then his education reform. He jailed the controversial, corrupt, and unpopular labor and political leader Elba Esther Gordillo, head of el SNTE, for embezzlement. He stands poised to pass a bill permitting private investment in petroleum; until now the government has had a monopoly and progressive groups oppose foreign involvement in the oil industry.
The teachers stand squarely in the path of Peña Nieto's parade—and he will not have them raining on it.
The confrontation could come on September 15, so that the government could clear the zócalo in time for Mexican Independence Day celebrations the following day. On that day the president stands on the balcony of the National Palace and shouts “Long Live Mexico!” In towns and cities throughout the country, governors and mayors do the same from state capitols and city halls.
The powers-that-be hope to sweep the movement away by that date, but they will need to dislodge teachers from the plazas and public buildings they occupy in some states. The confrontation could come earlier if one side or the other takes more aggressive action.
Benedicto Martínez, a leader of the Authentic Labor Front (FAT) and of the National Union of Workers (UNT), believes the government won't act right away because Peña Nieto is eager to pass his oil and tax bills and needs the support of all the parties involved in his Pact for Mexico. “After these are passed, however,” he said, “I do feel the government will harden its position.”
What Can Be Expected?
Historically, whenever the Mexican government has felt threatened by a mass movement that might become a challenge to its political power, it has mobilized the police and the army to crush that movement.
The 1959 railroad workers strike, perceived by the government to be a Communist-led assault, was suppressed by the army, with thousands fired, leaders jailed for years, and some killed and many injured.
When students protested to demand democracy in 1968, taking advantage of the fact that the Olympics were being held in Mexico, the government attacked, killing hundreds. A similar suppression of the student movement took place in 1971.
The Electrical Workers and their Democratic Tendency attempted a general strike in 1976 that was suppressed by the army with firings, arrests, and the break-up of the movement. More recently, in October 2009, the government sent police and army to seize the public Light and Power Company facilities, dissolving the company, firing 43,000 workers, and thus eliminating the independent and oppositional union from the workplace.
Peña Nieto himself is known for having a heavy hand. As governor of the State of Mexico he was responsible for police repression of a community movement in the town of Atenco in May 2006. Over 200 people (10 of them children) suffered cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment, said the Mexican Human Rights Commission; some 145 were arbitrarily arrested, and 26 women were sexually assaulted. As one activist said, “With him as president, anything is possible.”
The teachers of la CNTE are well aware of this history. For years dissident teachers in Oaxaca and Chiapas faced not only firings and beatings but sometimes assassination ordered by union leaders. The activists in those states then, as now, were principally indigenous, bilingual teachers, mostly women organizers at the base, with elected leaders usually men.
The teachers have fought for 40 years to win control of their unions. Today the fight is against the education reform law, but also over the broader political agenda of Peña Nieto, and neither side seems prepared to back down.
As one Mexican activist wrote to me, “The coin is in the air…”
Dan La Botz is the editor of Mexican Labor News and Analysis.
Thermal self-regulating nanoparticles that seek out and destroy cancer cells may sound like something pulled from the new Blade Runner movie script, but researchers at the University of Surrey have developed the therapy for use today. The “intelligent” nanoparticle, which heats up to a temperature high enough to kill cancerous cells, self-regulate and lose heat before they get hot enough to harm healthy tissue. Findings from the new study—published today in Nanoscale in an article entitled “Novel Nanoparticles with Cr3+ Substituted Ferrite for Self-Regulating Temperature Hyperthermia”—could soon be used as part of hyperthermic thermotherapy to treat patients with cancer.
“This could potentially be a game changer in the way we treat people who have cancer,” noted senior study investigator Ravi Silva, Ph.D., head of the Advanced Technology Institute at the University of Surrey. “If we can keep cancer treatment at a temperature level high enough to kill the cancer, while low enough to stop harming healthy tissue, it will prevent some of the serious side effects of vital treatment.”
Thermotherapy has long been used as a treatment method for cancer, but it is difficult to treat patients without damaging healthy cells. However, tumor cells can be weakened or killed without affecting normal tissue if temperatures can be controlled accurately within a range of 42°C to 45°C.
Scientists from Surrey's Advanced Technology Institute have worked with colleagues from the Dalian University of Technology in China to create nanoparticles which, when implanted and used in a thermotherapy session, can induce temperatures of up to 45°C.
“We report a novel Cr3+ substituted Co–Zn ferrite (Zn 0.54 Co 0.46 Cr 0.6 Fe 1.4 O 4 ), whose Curie temperature and coercivity values are 45.7 °C and 174 Oe, respectively,” the authors wrote. “Under clinically acceptable magnetic field conditions, the temperature of these nanoparticle suspensions can be self-regulated to 44.0 °C and, most importantly with a specific absorption rate (SAR) of 774 W kg−1, which is two-fold higher than the SAR standard for magnetic nanoparticles used in hyperthermia (300 W kg−1). The evaluation of the in vitro cytotoxicity of the nanoparticles reports a low toxicity, which points to a novel set of magnetic nanoparticles for use in self-regulating hyperthermia.”
The Zn–Co–Cr ferrite nanoparticles produced for this study are self-regulating, meaning that they self-stop heating when they reach temperatures over 45°C. Importantly, the nanoparticles are also low in toxicity and are unlikely to cause permanent damage to the body.
“Magnetic induced hyperthermia is a traditional route of treating malignant tumors,” explained lead study investigator Wei Zhang, Ph.D., associate professor from the Dalian University of Technology. “However, the difficulties in temperature control have significantly restricted its usage. If we can modulate the magnetic properties of the nanoparticles, the therapeutic temperature can be self-regulated, eliminating the use of clumsy temperature monitoring and controlling systems.”
Dr. Zhang continued, concluding that “by making magnetic materials with the Curie temperature falling in the range of hyperthermia temperatures, the self-regulation of therapeutics can be achieved. For most magnetic materials, however, the Curie temperature is much higher than the human body can endure. By adjusting the components, as we have, we have synthesized the nanoparticles with the Curie temperature as low as 34oC. This is a major nanomaterials breakthrough.”
Last week, a new trailer dropped for “The Circle,” a forthcoming science-fiction thriller (release date: April 28) about the perils of digital privacy destruction.
RELATED: Trump and Clinton supporters have hypocritically switched sides on private email servers
A shorter trailer came out back in December, but for those who haven't read the David Eggers novel (find a summary of the book, likely including major movie spoilers, here) that provides the film's source material, it didn't offer nearly as much insight into the central questions the movie asks about the value of privacy as weighed against other goods, like knowledge, health, and security.
They appear to be heavy — and necessary — questions indeed.
What is particularly intriguing to me is the way “The Circle” forces us to think about government and corporate violations of privacy at once. (Minor, book-based spoilers that go beyond the trailer content ahead.)
The titular Circle is an omnipresent social media company, like Google or Facebook on a light dose of steroids. After Emma Watson's character gets a job there, the company debuts a tiny camera capable of recording and livestreaming literally everything you do. In the book, the cameras are worn by politicians as an accountability measure, like a police body camera but with far more extensive monitoring power. This seems like a decent idea — but it doesn't stop there.
Watson's character begins wearing the camera too, streaming her entire life for the whole world to see. It's “The Truman Show,” if Truman were in on it.
At the urging of a creepily cheery Tom Hanks, she also drinks a big gulp of The Circle's anti-privacy Kool-Aid, spouting Orwellian slogans like “secrets are lies,” “sharing is caring” and “privacy is theft.”
RELATED: Federal bureaucrats moan as Donald Trump begins to roll back regulations
At one point, John Boyega's character warns her that widespread acceptance of this level of surveillance will lead to totalitarianism. In fact, the experience of her boyfriend — who does not want to be constantly watched but is aggressively monitored because of his connection to her — already looks like a blurring line between corporate surveillance we experience only by choice (as, for example, by choosing to create a Facebook account) and government surveillance we often cannot escape.
Civil libertarians like me tend to focus on the government side of things, and to the extent that the corporate monitoring remains voluntary and the government spying is involuntary, I believe that emphasis is correct. Still, “The Circle” looks to be a thought-provoking examination of what happens when those distinctions become less clear. I suspect it is also a needed a call to get our legal house in order, limiting involuntary corporate surveillance before this dystopian picture of the very near future could be a reality.
© Sputnik/ Dmitriy Vinogradov
The Prime Minister of Slovakia, Robert Fico, a NATO member country, has come out in support of Russia's involvement in the Syrian conflict."Whether an American attack on the targets of the Islamic State or a Russian attack would be successful, in both cases this is the same thing," Fico said in an interview with the Slovak Radio on Saturday, adding that aOn Saturday, Russia continued its airstrikes against the ISIL terrorists. According to the Russian Defense Ministry, the Russian Air Force had carried out about 40 new attacks in Syria over the last 24 hours, destroying 49 terrorist targets.Russian major-general Igor Konashenkov said that the ISIL terrorist militias have changed their tactics amid airstrikes and "decentralized" their ammunition stores and command posts. However, Russian fighter jets have still managed to discover and destroy several positions of the terrorists.Earlier, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev stated that Russia is defending its national interests in Syria and stressed that it is acting according to an official request of the local leadership.In his statement, however, Medvedev slightly distanced himself from Syrian President Bashar-al-Assad, saying that the goal of Russia's military operation is not to back up the current Syrian government, but to fight the terrorists who took large parts of the country under control.
The Liquor Control Board of Ontario is recalling 1.14-litre bottles of Bombay Sapphire London Dry Gin because the incorrect alcohol content is shown on the label. The LCBO says the affected product has been removed from all of its stores' shelves.
In a statement Tuesday, the LCBO said affected bottles of Bombay Sapphire gin have been removed from all of its stores' shelves. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star File Photo )
The Crown corporation says the recall was initiated after an investigation by its quality assurance team found the alcohol content was 77 per cent, instead of the 40 per cent declared on the label. Customers and licensees are advised to return the recalled product to any LCBO store for a full refund. This is the second such incident in Ontario in as many months.
Article Continued Below
An Ontario-made brand of vodka was pulled from shelves in early March because one batch contained double the stated amount of alcohol. The batch of Georgian Bay brand vodka was not properly diluted prior to bottling, resulting in 654 bottles containing 81 per cent alcohol instead of 40 per cent as shown on the label.
A little more than a week after general manager Steve Yzerman and the Tampa Bay Lightning bought out their captain, Vincent Lecavalier, the club has found the man who they believe to be Vinny's replacement on the second line.
On Friday, the Bolts signed former Detroit Red Wings center Valtteri Filppula to a five-year, $25 million deal. Yzerman said that Filppula, 29, was the Lightning's main free agent target this offseason.
The 6-foot, 195-pound Finn is coming off a down year in which he tallied just nine goals and 17 points in 41 games. He missed the remaining seven games due to a shoulder injury and missed many practices due to an MCL sprain in his right knee sustained while playing in Finland during the lockout.
“It was definitely a rough start, definitely not the start I wanted,” said Filppula. “Never at the start of the season do you want to have an injury. But during the end, even though the stats never really came, I felt I was playing better.”
Yzerman is confident, now that Filppula's knee is fully healed, that he can have a return to form and replicate his 23 goals and 43 assists from 2011-2012.
“It was a funny year, coming out of the lockout, short season,” Yzerman said. “I believe, generally, things average themselves out over the course of an 82-game season, so I'm not worried about his production from (last) year. His work ethic, his commitment to fitness is at an extremely high level. He works hard, knows his role. We're getting a real professional here.”
Filppula won 55.4 percent of his faceoffs last season, and he was fourth among Red Wings forwards with 17:46 of average ice time. The highlight of his season was the game-winning goal in Game 7 of the Western Conference quarterfinal against the Anaheim Ducks.
“He's just a well-rounded player,” said Yzerman. “We didn't just sign him for point production. Our team can score goals. I like the rest of his game. He's good defensively, good on faceoffs and a good skater. He really fits what we're trying to do here.”
NOTES:
The Lightning's No. 3 overall draft pick from Sunday's draft, Jonathan Drouin, was signed Friday to a three-year entry-level deal that pays $925,000 a season with the opportunity for an additional $2.3 million in annual performance bonuses.
The Lightning signed right wing Geoff Walker, who had 20 points in 51 games for AHL Lake Erie last season, to a one-year, two-way contract.
Yzerman says Filppula's signing will be the last in free agency for Tampa Bay and added that he isn't looking to make any deals. “We're not out there actively pursuing (them),” he said, “but we will certainly look at any option that makes us a better team.”
Pony Canyon and A-1 Pictures began streaming the first promotional video with narration for the Vitreous Flower & Destroy the World (Glass no Hana to Kowasu Sekai) anime film on Sunday.
Text: The restoration of the world to its original state begins
Text: The beautiful world I discovered
Title: Glass no Hana to Kowasu Sekai ( Vitreous Flower & Destroy the World )
Girl: I've got to return to that place.
Text: Premiering in theaters in 2015
The brand-new anime film is based on D.Backup , the scenario and illustration project by the relatively new creative unit "Physics Point." D.Backup won the grand prize in Pony Canyon's first ever Anime-ka Taishō (Anime Adaptation Prize) in 2013. According to the prize's website, the premise is "'software' characters fight bugs that have spread inside the box of knowledge."
Masashi Ishihama (From the New World, Kamichu!) is directing the film at A-1 Pictures (Sword Art Online, The [email protected]), and Fumihiko Shimo ( Air, Kanon, Clannad , Amagi Brilliant Park, Golden Time, Infinite Stratos) wrote the screenplay. Kantoku (The "Hentai" Prince and the Stony Cat., Magical Suite Prism Nana) created the original character designs.
Physics Point, which consists of the creative duo Otono Shimura and Suyuri Hiraume, won one million yen (about US$10,000) and the opportunity to have their D.Backup concept adapted into anime in Pony Canyon's contest.
The film will open this year.
Source: MoCa
Pakistan has detained Maulana Masood Azhar, the chief of the terrorist outfit Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM), reports its top news channel Geo News.
Many JeM operatives were part of the United Jihad Council which claimed responsibility for the attack on the Pathankot Air Force Base on 1 January.
Officials have also reportedly detained Azhar's brother Rauf.
Azhar's detainment comes on the heels of the arrest of 12 JeM members earlier on Wednesday after Pakistani security forces conducted raids in multiple locations across the country.
The arrests were made after receiving information from India and the government is planning to send a special investigation team to Pathankot in order to probe the tragedy and gather more information they require to carry forward cooperation, reports CNN-IBN.
Sources told NDTV that Pakistan conducted raids in Gujranwala and Jhelum regions, and questioned the family of one of the Jaish leaders.
However, there is no official confirmation yet on Azhar's detention, MEA sources told CNN-IBN.
During the intervening night of 1 and 2 January, terrorists, who had sneaked into the country from Pakistan via the Indo-Pak border, attacked Indian Air Force base in Pathankot. They were killed during a counter-operation by Indian forces that lasted for about three days in which seven security personnel were killed.
Azhar is also one of the three terrorists whom India released after terrorists hijacked Indian Airlines Flight 814 from Kathmandu to Delhi on 24 December 1999.
With inputs from agencies
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
To accompany the release of a number of Disney licence comic books, including Frozen, Pixar and the Disney Princesses, Joe Books is publishing a series of Disney digital comic strips delivered to your digital device with a monthly subscription.
They won't appear in the books – at least not yet. But it might get you in the Disney spirit.
Also, new original approved material featuring Frozen….
That's by Amy Mebberson, who also creates the Pocket Princesses fanfic strip that details the everyday lives of kinda-Disney Princesses. And now she's gone legit.
And there's more, for Wreck-It Ralph and Lilo And Stitch.
This will probably be my last Joe Books post today. It's been quite a day.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
On its own, dust seems fairly unremarkable. However, by observing the clouds of gas and dust within a galaxy, astronomers can determine important information about the history of star formation and the evolution of galaxies. Now thanks to the unprecedented sensitivity of the telescope at the Atacama Large Millimeter Array (ALMA) in Chile, a Caltech-led team has been able to observe the dust contents of galaxies as seen just 1 billion years after the Big Bang--a time period known as redshift 5-6. These are the earliest average-sized galaxies to ever be directly observed and characterized in this way.
The work is published in the June 25 edition of the journal Nature.
Dust in galaxies is created by the elements released during the formation and collapse of stars. Although the most abundant elements in the universe--hydrogen and helium--were created by the Big Bang, stars are responsible for making all of the heavier elements in the universe, such as carbon, oxygen, nitrogen, and iron. And because young, distant galaxies have had less time to make stars, these galaxies should contain less dust. Previous observations had suggested this, but until now nobody could directly measure the dust in these faraway galaxies.
"Before we started this study, we knew that stars formed out of these clouds of gas and dust, and we knew that star formation was probably somehow different in the early universe, where dust is likely less common. But the previous information only really hinted that the properties of the gas and the dust in earlier galaxies were different than in galaxies we see around us today. We wanted to find data that showed that," says Peter Capak, a staff scientist at the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center (IPAC) at Caltech and the first author of the study.
Armed with the high sensitivity of ALMA, Capak and his colleagues set out to perform a direct analysis of the dust in these very early galaxies.
Young, faraway galaxies are often difficult to observe because they appear very dim from Earth. Previous observations of these young galaxies, which formed just 1 billion years after the Big Bang, were made with the Hubble Space Telescope and the W. M. Keck Observatory--both of which detect light in the near-infrared and visible bands of the electromagnetic spectrum. The color of these galaxies at these wavelengths can be used to make inferences about the dust--for example, galaxies that appear bluer in color tend to have less dust, while those that are red have more dust. However, other effects like the age of the stars and our distance from the galaxy can mimic the effects of dust, making it difficult to understand exactly what the color means.
The researchers began their observations by first analyzing these early galaxies with the Keck Observatory. Keck confirmed the distance from the galaxies as redshift greater than 5--verifying that the galaxies were at least as young as they previously had been thought to be. The researchers then observed the same galaxies using ALMA to detect light at the longer millimeter and submillimeter wavelengths of light. The ALMA readings provided a wealth of information that could not be seen with visible-light telescopes, including details about the dust and gas content of these very early galaxies.
Capak and his colleagues were able to use ALMA to--for the first time--directly view the dust and gas clouds of nine average-sized galaxies during this epoch. Specifically, they focused on a feature called the carbon II spectral line, which comes from carbon atoms in the gas around newly formed stars. The carbon line itself traces this gas, while the data collected around the carbon line traces a so-called continuum emission, which provides a measurement of the dust. The researchers knew that the carbon line was bright enough to be seen in mature, dust-filled nearby galaxies, so they reasoned that the line would be even brighter if there was indeed less dust in the young faraway galaxies.
Using the carbon line, their results confirmed what had previously been suggested by the data from Hubble and Keck: these older galaxies contained, on average, 12 times less dust than galaxies from 2 billion years later (at a redshift of approximately 4).
"In galaxies like our Milky Way or nearby Andromeda, all of the stars form in very dusty environments, so more than half of the light that is observed from young stars is absorbed by the dust," Capak says. "But in these faraway galaxies we observed with ALMA, less than 20 percent of the light is being absorbed. In the local universe, only very young galaxies and very odd ones look like that. So what we're showing is that the normal galaxy at these very high redshifts doesn't look like the normal galaxy today. Clearly there is something different going on."
That "something different" gives astronomers like Capak a peek into the lifecycle of galaxies. Galaxies form because gas and dust are present and eventually turn into stars--which then die, creating even more gas and dust, and releasing energy. Because it is impossible to watch this evolution from young galaxy to old galaxy happen in real time on the scale of a human lifespan, the researchers use telescopes like ALMA to take a survey of galaxies at different evolutionary stages. Capak and his colleagues believe that this lack of dust in early galaxies signifies a never-before-seen evolutionary stage for galaxies.
"This result is really exciting. It's the first time that we're seeing the gas that the stars are forming out of in the early universe. We are starting to see the transition from just gas to the first generation of galaxies to more mature systems like those around us today. Furthermore, because the carbon line is so bright, we can now easily find even more distant galaxies that formed even longer ago, sooner after the Big Bang," Capak says.
Lin Yan, a staff scientist at IPAC and coauthor on the paper, says that their results are also especially important because they represent typical early galaxies. "Galaxies come in different sizes. Earlier observations could only spot the largest or the brightest galaxies, and those tend to be very special--they actually appear very rarely in the population," she says. "Our findings tell you something about a typical galaxy in that early epoch, so they're results can be observed as a whole, not just as special cases."
Yan says that their ability to analyze the properties of these and earlier galaxies will only expand with ALMA's newly completed capabilities. During the study, ALMA was operating with only a portion of its antennas, 20 at the time; the capabilities to see and analyze distant galaxies will be further improved now that the array is complete with 66 antennas, Yan adds.
"This is just an initial observation, and we've only just started to peek into this really distant universe at redshift of a little over 5. An astronomer's dream is basically to go as far distant as we can. And when it's complete, we should be able to see all the distant galaxies that we've only ever dreamed of seeing," she says.
Online Desk By
According to a Hindustan Times report, Emmanuel Seva Group, an ‘illegal' shelter was raided by Police and rescued 30 children belonging to poor families.
On December 29, two homes belonging to the group were raided by the Police in Greater Noida and Meerut. A nine-year-old boy narrated the horrific tale to HT, where he said that the kids were forcibly converted to Christianity, made to starve for days, hung by the wrists from a ceiling fan and even thrashed remorselessly for failing to recite bible verses.
“I was allowed to meet my parents once a month for only 15 minutes. The only thing I was taught was the Bible. They forced me to memorise its passages,” the boy said.
He also mentioned that the kids were forced to consume buffalo meat and were ‘paraded' for potential donors.
“They gave us good clothes whenever visitors came. They made us stand in line and recite Bible passages. Faltering meant a beating with sticks and belts later, once the guests left, the shelter in-charge snatched away our clothes, sweets and gifts and we were back in rags again,” the boy added.
The Bisrakh police registered a case after the raid and the police are investigating whether the caretakers have the permission to run the shelter. They are also probing the rescued children's claims.
One of the victim's mother complained through children's helpline which eventually led to the raids. She met Josua Devraj at a Delhi hospital who assured her that he will raise her children and make them IAS officers. The accused Josua refused to comment on the issue.
Nick Cannon is directing, writing, producing, and starring in “She Balls,” an indie film about women's street basketball.
Cannon will star alongside Chris Brown, Cedric the Entertainer, Evan Ross, and Rebecca De Mornay.
“She Balls” follows the love of the game through the struggles of Avery Watts, played by Cannon, who enlists the baddest women's streetball league in the city to help him save the embattled Inglewood Community Center, which he manages, all while trying to raise his seven-year-old daughter.
Cannon is producing the film with Demetrius Spencer of One Media Worldwide and Ball Up, the entertainment studio behind the streetball league.
To bring authenticity to the project, the movie will feature real-life athletes from the WNBA, Ball Up, and the Basketball Beauties League, including Melody Rae Kandil, Jaliyah Manuel, and former Harlem Globetrotter Tammy Brawner. Faizon Love, K.D. Aubert, Luenell, and Marla Gibbs round out the cast.
“I'm very excited about this film. It's something powerful for the culture, uplifting for the community, and the film's main objective is to empower women! It's going to be Ncredible!” said Cannon, giving a nod to his production company, Ncredible Entertainment, which is behind the project with One Media Worldwide.
“Basketball has always been a huge part of my life since I was kid,” Spencer said. “I always wanted to do a movie about the sport that had a feel of the classic urban films I grew up watching. Seeing the love of the game through women's basketball, the power and incredible strength they deliver on and off the court, makes the movie even more special.”
Cannon and Spencer will serve as executive producers with Benjamin Sumpter, Michael Goldberg, and Robert Keetch. Erika Conner and Nick Spencer are co-executive producers. The soundtrack is by Cannon and Baby “Birdman” Williams.
Production has already begun on “She Balls.”
Netherlands — A recent study indicates that around 55 trillion kilograms of carbon from the earth soil could be released to the atmosphere in the form of greenhouse gasses such as CO2 and methane. Climate change and its fast pace would be the reason for the deadly phenomenon. This could happen by mid-century if real action is not taken soon.
Tom Crowther is the ecologist leading the investigation that points to these worrying conclusions, published in the December issue of Nature magazine. The findings are not a surprise since scientists have suspected the effect of climate change in the soil for decades now. Soil happens to be where the biggest bodies of carbon are stored, and a lot of scientific trials have proven that its storage capacity gets affected by the rising temperatures.
It might be a big trouble
The investigative work was made with the help of an exhaustive list of scientists and gathered information from over 49 field experiments dating from the 80s decade in the United States, Canada, Japan, China, France, and Germany.
The size of the carbon expected to be released is that of an industrialized country like the United States. The liberation of the gas would be the drastic speeding up of a natural process. At the moment, human-related activity produces 17 percent fewer emissions than the climate change threat.
The location where the damage would be greatest is the artic area, which according to Tom Crowther, is commonly left out of the previous investigations he took as a reference to his.'
Temperature increasing is credited as a factor that accelerates activity underground, something that might turn into the loss of gigantic carbon stocks built over decades and decades.
It is a multi-layered issue
Researchers have established a margin of extra emissions between 12 percent and 17 percent for CO2 emissions, remarking the plant-growth consequence it would have
“Now that this longstanding scientific query has been answered, at last, we should adjust international climate models accordingly, and do this as quickly as possible. The same goes for policy.” Crowther said in the same Nature issue.
Widespread immigrations are among the consequences this all would have, especially in poor communities like those living on livelihoods intrinsically linked to the land. The sea is at a risk of accelerated rise as well.
On the publishing, it is also remarked that temperatures will increase by 1C by 2050. The United Nations, Green Peace and The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change are already beginning to explore the research work whose efforts took place between the Yale Climate & Energy Institute and the Netherlands Institute of Ecology.
The investigation got the support of Prof. Ivan Janssens, from the Antwerp University, considered commonly one of the godfathers in the global change ecology, who said the data brought a whole new perspective to the efforts being made.
Not everything is on the tense side as investigators speculate that the increase in CO2 might be scientifically adjusted to help vegetation grow in large proportions and timing and that there is progress already with that subject.
Tom Crowther made headlines also by pronouncing on new U.S. president Donald Trump skeptical position on climate change, saying it's a catastrophe that the new head of a nation considered a global force would make this assumption, in particular on the point of no return that we are. The biology expert also indicated than even though global warming effects are impossible to reverse, they could indeed be stopped.
Dr. Crowther also made emphasis on the fact that we can avoid warming above 2C and that if not, we will reach a point of no return and will probably exceed 5C. Jonathan Sanderman, another researcher involved in the investigation, explained in more depth the critical stage of the matter by focusing on the emission of carbon not being counterbalanced by new uptake of carbon by plants. That would exacerbate climate change thus increasing urgency to reduce greenhouse gas emissions immediately
“This information will be critical as we strive to understand how the climate is going to change in the future. And it will also be critical if we are to generate meaningful strategies to fight against it.” said the 30 years old, Cardiff University Ph.D. graduate originally from North Wales on an interview with The Independent.
He also went on to compare the lack of accuracy regarding the measurement of the damage that would be caused to those resulting from a person being rolled over by a bus, where any doctor could make an exact diagnosis right away.
Source: Science Daily
As someone who was in highschool and university in that decade, I sort of know from 1990s brown lips, and its super exciting to me that this look is back in. In the 90s, makeup (from foundation to lip colour) was totally matte. My friends and I actually filled in our lips with lipliner and would never have thought of wearing gloss. The lipliner we were all obsessed with was Bonne Belle “Chutney”, a warm, orangey brown (sadly discontinued). Since I can't get in a time machine and go back to a drugstore circa 1993, I thought I'd suggest some other good lip pencils for rocking a retro 1990s matte brown lip.
Here are my 9 picks from a number of different brands in various price points:
MAC “Oak” ($19 CAD)
MAC “Spice” ($19 CAD)
MAC “Cork” ($19 CAD)
MAC “Subculture” ($19 CAD)
MAKE UP FOR EVER Aqua Lip 3C “Medium Natural Beige” ($23 CAD)
NYX Slim Lip Pencil in “Natural” ($4.99 CAD)
Annabelle Lipliner in “Nude Lustre” ($5.95 CAD)
Milani Color Statement Lipliner 04 “All Natural” ($3.99 CAD)
Milani Color Statement Lipliner 09 “Spice” ($3.99 CAD)
Are you into the brown lip trend?
Thanks for stopping by ❤
Love,
Nerdy Librarian Girl
Hiawatha is an open source, advanced and secure web server developed by Hugo Leisink since 2002. Hiawatha is a small and lightweight webserver, so it supports older hardware or embedded systems. Hiawatha is a highly secure webserver and has the capability to protect against SQL injections, XSS and CSRF attacks and exploit attempts.
Features
Supports IPv6 Protocol. Monitors all your web servers using Hiawatha Monitor that communicates with your webserver to collection information about bandwidth usage, number of requests, errors and attacks. Support for SSL and Protect against verious kind of DDoS attack. Supports the FastCGI protocol, including load balancing. Speed up websites using internal caching, keep-alive connection, and request pipelining. You can use Hiawatha as an application firewall to protect other webservers. Control the access to your websites using HTTP authentication or by IP address.
In this tutorial, I'll show you how to install Hiawatha with a Database on Ubuntu-14.04
Requirements
A server runing Ubuntu-14.04.
A non-root user with sudo privileges setup on your server.
Installing Hiawatha
There are two methods to install Hiawatha webserver on your Ubuntu-14.04 server. First you can install it using Tuxhelp software repository or installs Hiawatha using a Personal Package Archive (PPA).
Install Using the Tuxhelp Repository
In order to install Hiawatha, you will need to import the public key of the Tuxhelp repository from the keyserver.
You can do this by running the following command:
sudo apt-key adv --recv-keys --keyserver keys.gnupg.net 79AF54A9
After running the above command the key is imported, you will need to update the sources.list file located at /etc/apt/sources.list.
Now, open the the sources.list file using your favorite editor:
sudo nano /etc/apt/sources.list
Add the following line at the end of the file:
deb http://mirror.tuxhelp.org/debian/ squeeze main
Save and close the file.
Next, you need to update the repository using the following command:
sudo apt-get update
Once the repository is up-to-date, you can install Hiawatha package using the following command:
sudo apt-get install hiawatha
Output:
Reading package lists... Done Building dependency tree Reading state information... Done Suggested packages: php5-fpm The following NEW packages will be installed: hiawatha 0 upgraded, 1 newly installed, 0 to remove and 208 not upgraded. Need to get 0 B/473 kB of archives. After this operation, 1,076 kB of additional disk space will be used. WARNING: The following packages cannot be authenticated! hiawatha Install these packages without verification? [y/N] Y Selecting previously unselected package hiawatha. (Reading database ... 69716 files and directories currently installed.) Preparing to unpack .../hiawatha_10.3_amd64.deb ... Unpacking hiawatha (10.3) ... Processing triggers for man-db (2.6.7.1-1ubuntu1) ... Processing triggers for ureadahead (0.100.0-16) ... Setting up hiawatha (10.3) ... Starting webserver: Hiawatha Processing triggers for ureadahead (0.100.0-16) ...
After installation is complete, you can verify it by running the following command:
sudo /usr/sbin/hiawatha -v
Output:
Hiawatha v10.3, cache, IPv6, Monitor, reverse proxy, TLS v2.2.1, Tomahawk, URL toolkit, XSLT Copyright (c) by Hugo Leisink
Install Using a PPA
You can also install Hiawatha using Hiawatha PPA. You can easily add the PPA for Hiawatha with the following command:
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:octavhendra/hiawatha
You should see the output similar to this:
Advanced and secure webserver for Unix Hiawatha is a webserver with the three key attributes: secure, easy-to-use, and lightweight Homepage: https://www.hiawatha-webserver.org/ More info: https://launchpad.net/~octavhendra/+archive/ubuntu/hiawatha Press [ENTER] to continue or ctrl-c to cancel adding it gpg: keyring `/tmp/tmp78ny1u3s/secring.gpg' created gpg: keyring `/tmp/tmp78ny1u3s/pubring.gpg' created gpg: requesting key DAC7EB24 from hkp server keyserver.ubuntu.com gpg: /tmp/tmp78ny1u3s/trustdb.gpg: trustdb created gpg: key DAC7EB24: public key "Launchpad PPA for octavhendra" imported gpg: Total number processed: 1 gpg: imported: 1 (RSA: 1) OK
Once you have finished, you will see a new file on your server:
/etc/apt/sources.list.d/octavhendra-hiawatha-trusty.list
Next, update the repository with the following command:
sudo apt-get update
Then install Hiawatha by running the following command:
sudo apt-get install hiawatha
Once installation is finished, verify using the following command:
sudo hiawatha -v
Output:
Hiawatha v10.3, cache, IPv6, Monitor, reverse proxy, TLS v2.2.1, Tomahawk, URL toolkit, XSLT Copyright (c) by Hugo Leisink
You can also test the Hiawatha web server using a command line web browser called lynx, First install lynx by running the following command:
sudo apt-get install lynx
Once lynx is installed, Test Hiawatha installation with the following command:
lynx http://server-ip-address
You should see the following page:
Hiawatha webserver logo Installation successful Congratulations! The Hiawatha webserver has successfully been installed on this server. For more information about this webserver, visit the Hiawatha website. Please, give some feedback about your Hiawatha experiences at the Hiawatha forum. Hiawatha Monitor Use the Hiawatha Monitor to keep track of all your websites served by Hiawatha. Banshee PHP framework About to create a new website? Use the Banshee PHP framework for improved website security. Commands: Use arrow keys to move, '?' for help, 'q' to quit, ' ../init.d/mysql /etc/rc1.d/K20mysql -> ../init.d/mysql /etc/rc6.d/K20mysql -> ../init.d/mysql /etc/rc2.d/S20mysql -> ../init.d/mysql /etc/rc3.d/S20mysql -> ../init.d/mysql /etc/rc4.d/S20mysql -> ../init.d/mysql /etc/rc5.d/S20mysql -> ../init.d/mysql
Installing MariaDB
MariaDB is an open source drop-in replacement for MySQL with enhanced features and patches. You can also install the MariaDB database instead of MySQL.
By default MariaDB does not exist in Ubuntu repository, so you will need to get repository public key from keyserver.ubuntu.com.
You can do this by running the following command:
sudo apt-key adv --recv-keys --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com 0xcbcb082a1bb943db
Next, add MariaDB reposisitory into source.list:
sudo nano /etc/apt/source.list
Add the following line:
deb http://nwps.ws/pub/mariadb/repo/5.5/debian wheezy main
Save the file and update the repository using the following command:
sudo apt-get update
Now, you can install MariaDB with the following command:
sudo apt-get install mariadb-server
Once installation is complete, you will need to secure MariaDB installation by running the mysql_secure_installation script:
sudo mysql_secure_installation
Configuring Hiawatha
Now, you will need to do some basic configuration of Hiawatha webserver. You can do this by editing hiawatha.conf file located at /etc/hiawatha/ directory.
sudo nano /etc/hiawatha/hiawatha.conf
Change the file as shown below:
CGIhandler = /usr/bin/php-cgi:php FastCGIserver { FastCGIid = PHP5 ConnectTo = /var/run/php5-fpm.sock Extension = php } VirtualHost { Hostname = www.my-domain.com WebsiteRoot = /var/www/my-domain/public AccessLogfile = /var/www/my-domain/log/access.log ErrorLogfile = /var/www/my-domain/log/error.log TimeForCGI = 5 UseFastCGI = PHP5 }
Once you are finished save and close the file.
Next, create the directory for web root and log:
sudo mkdir -p /var/www/my-domain/public
sudo mkdir /var/www/my-domain/log
Now, restart hiawatha server with the following command:
sudo service hiawatha restart
Testing Hiawatha Server
Once everything is up-to-date, its time to test the Hiawatha server.
Now, create sample PHP script to test Hiawatha server:
sudo nano /var/www/my-domain/public/index.php
Add the following content:
<?php echo "<title>Hiawatha Server Test</title>"; echo "<h1>Hello Hiawatha!</h1><br>"; echo ""; ?>
Save and close the file.
Now, use your web browser to check. If you are seeing any errors you can troubleshoot using the log file located at /var/www/my-domain.com/log directory that will provide some clues as to what is going wrong.
In war, everyone loses.
During the early 1990s, as the Soviet Union collapsed, Russiaâ€™s sphere of influence contracted until the waters of Europe were washing soggily up on Russiaâ€™s beaches. Capitalist or Communist, Russians have always been exceptionally jingoistic.
As more and more of the ex-Soviet Unionâ€™s satellites fled into the arms of the west, happy to get away from the tyranny and oppression, the Russians upped their violence.
In 1994, Russia invaded Chechnya. Over the next 15 years, Russia obliterated the country and imposed a succession of puppet leaders following staged elections. The war became a sordid misery of rape, looting, and bribery. Russian parents attempted to keep their children away from the draft by bribing officials. The destruction wasnâ€™t only in Chechnya, but resulted in bouts of terrorism (like the killing of 334 hostages â€“ including 186 children â€“ by Chechen rebels at a Beslan school in 2004).
Along the way, Russia strong-armed their position in the UN Security Council to defenestrate the ability of the UN to negotiate in break-way provinces around the world.
The most obvious one is Russiaâ€™s continued rejection of independence for Kosovo, one of the ex-Yugoslav states, and a victim of the civil war that erupted in the region after the collapse of communism in the 1990s.
However, the inability of break-away regions to seek independence through the UN has affected regions as diverse as Aceh (part of Indonesia) and Cabinda (an exclave of Angola). It also affects South Ossetia, a break-away province of Georgia.
Russiaâ€™s Perfect War
Russia wants a war. Russia needs a war.
Fascist leaders, who have declared their infallibility, always need a handy external scapegoat when internal policies result in high inflation, capital flight and increasing poverty. Hugo Chavez and the mullahs of Iran have the US, Robert Mugabe has the UK.
Russia needs an enemy.
In April 2007 Estonia, another ex- slave-state of the Soviet empire, decided to distance itself from their past. The Bronze Soldier situated in the centre of the capital of Estonia, and commemorating the Soviet invasion of Estonia at the battle of Tallinn, was moved to a graveyard.
The result was what is potentially the world's first cyberwar.
Vladimir Putin, Russia's increasingly dictatorial leader, went on the offensive: “Those who are trying to belittle this invaluable experience, those who desecrate monuments to the heroes of the war, are insulting their own people and sowing discord and new distrust between states and people.”
Violent clashes at the Estonian embassy in Russia were followed by a systematic and aggressive attempt to bring down the entire Estonian Internet infrastructure; disabling the websites of government ministries, political parties, newspapers, banks, and companies.
But the Estonians are part of the EU. Russia cannot launch a real battle against them and expect to get away with it.
Georgia is perfect.
An unstable ex-Soviet nation, filled with internal conflicts and corruption. A weak and divided nation with few friends in the West.
A return to the Cold War?
Western Europe is in a bind. High oil and gas prices tie them to Russia. Putin has been more than happy to turn off the gas when he needs to make a point, and Europe sources a significant amount of gas from them.
Russia has been spoiling to return to the spot of global player they lost in the 1990s. They have complained about a targeted missile-shield base to be stationed in Poland. They have supported dictators in as many countries as they can find. Oil money gives them the cash they need to afford influence. And the US moral stature has been severely compromised by the ongoing humiliations in Iraq.
Russia feels that now is the time.
But it is different from the Cold War. Russia is not offering a different and attractive ideology, as Communism was to the huddled vassals of the Colonies. All Russia offers now is thuggery and bullying.
The support is attractive to dictators, but not to their people. The more Russia stomps about, the more rising countries like Poland, India and Brazil feel the need for a stronger alliance with progressive democracies.
Small countries, in particular, have every reason to believe that their right to independence has more support in the West than in the cold hands of Russia.
At moments like this, most world leaders reach for their phones to find out what the US is going to do. And this is the perfect opportunity for the US to do nothing.
George W Bush is a stranded president at the tail-end of an unpopular term in office. Congress wonâ€™t support him and an election is on the way. With the world economy tightening, there is little space for a united European and US intervention either.
In other words, all the fledgling titans are going to have to figure this one out themselves.
Russia canâ€™t really afford a full-scale war with Georgia. Even though Russia â€“ unlike the US â€“ wonâ€™t bother attempting to rebuild any nation they bomb to bits, it still costs money to hold a country in submission. Georgia is quite large.
More than likely, after bombing each otherâ€™s infrastructure for a bit, and butchering each otherâ€™s civilians, the aggressors will go home. In the worst-case scenario, it drags in every other break-away region hoping to fall back into Russia's embrace.
Unfortunately, it will show once again â€“ as if we needed further proof â€“ that the UN is a useless talk-shop, hopelessly outdated in dealing with the factional conflicts of today.
The moral high-ground
Perhaps this is an opportunity to create perspective. People have become so over-exposed to the horror of Iraq that most have forgotten what a real war looks like.
South Ossetia is a real war. No attempt will be made by either side to minimise civilian casualties. Neither side will attempt to offer material support to the refugees. Neither side will attempt to clean up the mess afterwards. Both sides will torture. Both sides will rape.
And those who refuse to hold these belligerents to the same standards that the US has been held to are shit-heads. The hypocrisy and emptiness of their ideals will be demonstrated. Not a hatred of injustice or abuse, but the self-loathing of the spoilt child.
There is no moral high-ground in war. There is no justification for slaughter.
In this war, as in every other war, everyone loses.
Elon Musk joined Donald Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum on Wednesday, ahead of a scheduled meeting at Trump Tower with some of the biggest names in the U.S. tech industry. Chris Geidner, BuzzFeed's legal editor, posted a picture of a press release from the president-elect's team early Wednesday morning. According to the release, Musk will join the forum alongside Indra Nooyi, CEO of PepsiCo, and Travis Kalanick, Uber's CEO. The forum will meet with President Trump on a regular basis to share their expertise and knowledge, which the president plans to use to inform his policy plans.
Uber's Travis Kalanick and Elon Musk from SpaceX & Tesla will be joining Trump's Strategic & Policy Forum, as well as Pepsi's Indra Nooyi. pic.twitter.com/u9OR0dDJkt — Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) December 14, 2016
With this announcement, Trump's team has expanded the input it will receive from the tech industry. The most high-profile industry link was Peter Thiel, a libertarian who supported Trump in the November election. Thiel helped organize the Wednesday meeting, where Musk will be joined by big names like Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and Apple CEO Tim Cook.
The lack of Silicon Valley representation in the initial group of names was noted at the time. Now, Kalanick and Musk. — Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) December 14, 2016
Names previously announced for the forum include:
Stephen A. Schwarzman (Forum Chairman), Chairman, CEO, and Co-Founder of Blackstone;
The U.S. stock market is being held hostage by a painful and lengthy recession in corporate profits.
Wall Street is bracing for the earnings recession to hit the one-year mark this earnings season, which kicks off next week when Alcoa (AA) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) reveal results.
The timing of the profit downturn is somewhat unusual because it's taken place in the face of an American economy that continues to grow, albeit slowly. But the one-two punch of cheap oil and strong U.S. dollar have been powerful enough forces to drown out that steady growth.
"The depth and breadth of the current earnings slump is quite rare outside of an economic recession," Paul Eitelman, investment strategist at Russell Investments, wrote in a recent report.
The good news is that profits could resume growing later this year.
The market has stalled out ever since the profit recession began in the third quarter of last year. When earnings shrink, stocks suddenly look more expensive. Even Federal Reserve chief Janet Yellen recently warned that the market is trading at historically high valuations.
Just look at how the S&P 500 is trading at 17.1 times forward earnings estimates -- near the loftiest levels of the past seven years, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.
Related: U.S. stocks are trapped. When will they break free?
The upcoming earnings season may only worsen those valuation concerns. Second-quarter profits from S&P 500 companies are expected to decline by 5%, the fourth-straight quarterly drop, according to S&P.
The most pain will be felt in the energy sector, which is expected to suffer an incredible 81% plunge in profits due to lower oil prices. Even diversified oil giants Chevron (CVX) and ExxonMobil (XOM) are on track to suffer big profit slumps.
More bottom-line trouble is brewing in the financial sector as banks grapple with extremely low interest rates that depress earnings. Citigroup (C), JPMorgan and Wells Fargo (WFC) are all expected to disclose profit declines when they hit the earnings stage next week.
The U.S. dollar remains another sore spot, especially for multinationals like Pizza Hut owner Yum! Brands (YUM), which reports results on July 13. A strong dollar makes U.S. goods sold abroad more expensive and hurts revenue when it's translated back to dollars.
Thankfully, American consumers continue to open their wallets, due in part to lower gasoline prices. Consumer discretionary stocks are poised to log a healthy profit gain of nearly 10% this earnings season. Big expected winners include Amazon (AMZN), which analysts believe will reveal an incredible six-fold increase second-quarter profits.
"It's a very good sign for our economy. The consumer is hanging in there," said Lindsey Bell, a senior analyst at S&P Global Market Intelligence.
Related: It's a horrible time to be a U.S. bank
America's profit recession could finally end in the second half of this year, thanks to higher oil prices and a tamer U.S. dollar. S&P 500 profits are expected to grow 2% in the third quarter, 8% in the fourth and then by double-digits in 2017, according to S&P.
But Wall Street will be paying close attention to make sure CEOs are still expecting a rebound later this year, especially given the Brexit turmoil in Europe.
The other crucial thing to look for is confidence that the long-awaited revenue rebound is materializing after what is expected to be a sixth-straight quarterly decline.
In the past, Corporate America has masked anemic sales by cutting costs and buying back stock, but there isn't much room for those moves at this point in the economic cycle.
"We've run out of financial tricks and now we're waiting for real economic growth to show up," said Brad McMillan, chief investment officer for Commonwealth Financial Network.
