Image: Amit Dave/ Reuters
BitBay, a cryptocurrency trading platform based out of Poland is launching a dedicated platform for trade and exchange of cryptocurrencies in India. BitBay has over 200,000 users internationally and the exchange has total daily volume of around $4 million, ranking it tenth in the world.Bitbay will be the first international exchange to look at the Indian market seriously. “India is an interesting market. The KYC norms are very strong and people are technology savvy in this country. We also feel a rising interest in the cryptocurrency asset class,” Sylwestor Suszek – CEO Bitbay said. The exchange is in talks with Indian banks for net banking, and plans to initially start with demo trading on Bitbay India - from August 10-24 - sans real money so that users can understand BitBay's processes thoroughly.At the end of the demonstration, all the registered members with higher volume transactions will be given reward coins from Gamecredits and MobileGo. The exchange will go live after August 24. BitBay India is presently a ten-member team operating out of New Delhi.India has its share of cryptocurrency exchanges but they are more market makers and less trading platforms. They have a set of bitcoins that are sold and bought from buyers in the country. However, they do not allow for order matching between buyers and sellers. They also do not deal in other cryprocurrencies, apart from Bitcoins, like Etherium or Litecoin or Lisk. BitBay will allow trading in nine cryptocurrencies. Over the next six months, this will extend to include 17 cryptocurrencies.Bitcoins have been in the news in recently because the price of the digital currency tripled since January 2017 to $3,394, making it the fastest growing asset class. The market capitalisation of Bitcoins works out to $55 billion.The bump up in the price was due to countries like Australia and Japan making Bitcoins a legal tender. Russia also has plans to adopt Etherium, as a legal tender next year. Apart from this, there have been a series of Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) leading to a demand for Bitcoins. Investors, seeing this, started buying at higher prices. Since then, Indian exchanges have also witnessed a buying spree. However, experts in the industry want Indians to be careful as the spike in the value of bitcoins has been at a very fast rate. “There can be a fall from here. I would like to advice people to buy bitcoins like how they buy mutual funds - through Systematic Investment Plans (SIPs),” says a bitcoin expert who runs a prominent exchange in India.
Storm chasers from around the globe paid tribute to “Twister” star Bill Paxton on Sunday after news broke that the actor had died following complications from heart surgery. He was 61.
Using their Spotter Network markers, hundreds of storm chasers and weather fanatics lined up to Paxton's initials across the infamous ‘tornado alley' in Kansas and Oklahoma in a heartfelt ode to the late actor.
Paxton starred in the 1996 disaster classic “Twister” in which he and Helen Hunt lead a team of lovable scientists on a dangerous mission to gather more information about the deadly cyclones. The movie went on to gross $241 million worldwide and became the second-highest-grossing movie of 1996 behind “Independence Day.”
Paxton went on to make the IMAX documentary “Tornado Alley” and often spoke about his fascination with the weather phenomena having grown up in nearby Texas.
Storm chasers and weather nerds are awesome. Tribute for Bill Paxton. pic.twitter.com/1evkrZKdbl — Amber Leigh Turner (@amberlturner) February 26, 2017
It just keeps getting better! Hundreds of storm chasers honoring Bill Paxton in KS and OK. Each dot is one person's GPS. #RIPBillPaxton pic.twitter.com/z14XQ9msPR — Aaron Brackett (@Aaron_Brackett) February 26, 2017
Storm chasers putting together the most fitting tribute to Bill Paxton. The “B” is almost done while the “P” is taking shape. pic.twitter.com/VorpQ2eOFy — Bryan Snider (@BryanSnider) February 26, 2017
Awesome tribute being made in memory of Bill Paxton by storm spotters and chasers using the @spotternetwork!!! #BillPaxton #Twister pic.twitter.com/Mm39Kv7lCk — Freddy McKinney (@FreddyMcKinneyR) February 26, 2017
Folks are getting their dots into position pic.twitter.com/vnq9rZNKY9 — Jeff Frame (@VORTEXJeff) February 26, 2017
CLOSE After 41 years, McDonald's is leaving its sponsorship deal with the International Olympic Committee behind. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
McDonald's is no longer an Olympics sponsor. (Photo11: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
McDonald's has halted its Olympics sponsorship after 41 years supporting the worldwide sporting event.
In a joint announcement with the International Olympic Committee, the fast-food chain explained that it's part of an overall reevaluation of itself.
“As part of our global growth plan, we are reconsidering all aspects of our business and have made this decision in cooperation with the IOC to focus on different priorities,” said McDonald's global chief marketing officer Silvia Lagnado.
The end is effective immediately and McDonald's is no longer listed on the IOC Web site as a sponsor.
In 1968, McDonald's airlifted hamburgers to homesick athletes at the Grenoble Winter Olympics, though the company didn't become a sponsor until the 1976 Montreal Summer Games, according to McDonald's Web site. Eight years later, the chain and franchisees built the McDonald's Olympic Swim Stadium for the Los Angeles Summer Games.
"We have mutually agreed with McDonald's to part ways. I would like to thank our friends at McDonald's on behalf of the IOC for the commitment the company has shown to the Olympic Movement over many decades," said Timo Lumme, managing director of IOC's television and marketing service.
Follow USA TODAY reporter Zlati Meyer on Twitter: @ZlatiMeyer
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2sx7wbE
MADEIRA, Ohio — The piece is Violin Concerto No. 23 in G Major by Viotti. Its first movement alone challenges the musician with sudden, dramatic changes in tempo, tone and mood. The U.S. immigration system can have the same effect on people.
Bulgarian national Yuliyan Stoyanov is rehearsing it Thursday afternoon at a Madeira church with one of his advanced violin students. Madelyn Deininger, a 15-year-old Walnut Hills High School freshman, would be playing the piece with piano accompaniment at a recital two days later.
Madelyn has studied with Stoyanov for five years. She frequently looks away from the sheet music while playing, sometimes making eye contact to seek his approval. She winces at the occasional sour note.
Yet the lesson today is bigger than a piece of music.
"We talked about a very calm morning; here comes the sun. Then immediately you have to switch to a completely different thing," Stoyanov says to Madelyn. They both hold violins and bows. His gentle baritone belies the fervor of his dark eyes and thick eyebrows. Madelyn shifts her weight left to right and back left on her black Converse Chuck Taylor basketball shoes.
He mentions bow speed. Bow position "is your biggest helper." He encourages her not to think of playing individual notes but rather creating a melodic line.
"You have played the last note, and everything is done," teacher tells student. "And then you have to turn around and put a smile on your face and play the next movement, which is happy and energetic. It's not so easy to change your whole emotional mode in a snap. Still, we have to try."
Stoyanov, 40, talking about his life, too. He is about to be deported.
On Wednesday, he and his Bulgarian-born violinist wife and their two U.S.-born children will board a plane to Paris that connects with a flight to the Bulgarian capital of Sofia. There, they will start a new life after living almost 14 years in the United States on a series of student visas.
The U.S. government has twice denied Stoyanov's petition for him and his family to stay in this country on a permanent worker visa.
"It feels as if they just did not have the patience to look through everything and analyze it," said Stoyanov, whose filings to U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services have amounted to more than 700 pages.
"Otherwise," he said, "I cannot explain their denial."
The category in which Stoyanov applied – foreign national of extraordinary ability – is competitive and rigorous. Many applicants who appear to be more than qualified are denied, according to some national immigration experts. The selection process is not necessarily limited by quotas. Experts say legal immigration officials are looking for the best of the best in sciences, arts and business and might be applying a too rigid and narrow definition of the law, a process that can leave people such as Stoyanov on the outside looking in.
The category seeks Nobel Prize laureates, patent holders and Olympic medalists. Sadly, Stoyanov is none of these.
Family wanted to stay in United States
Stoyanov and his wife, Smiliana Lozanova, 36, have performed since 2006 with the West Virginia Symphony Orchestra, based in the state capital, Charleston.
Lozanova emigrated to the United States in 2002 on a student visa to work toward a master's degree in violin performance at Louisiana State University. Stoyanov followed a year later.
Their last student visa expired in 2013 when he earned his Ph.D. in musical arts from the University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music. His wife has the same degree and the performance-oriented artist diploma from CCM. They estimate they received close to $500,000 combined in scholarships from the school, which they consider one of the top five in the United States.
"There was nothing better for us than CCM," said Stoyanov, who taught violin for three years in the school's Preparatory Department. "It was the place where we could achieve our dreams and goals."
They are two of three instructors with the Madeira String Academy, which they co-founded and through which they've provided lessons for 20 students. Their plans to incorporate and grow the business leave with them. Madeira City Schools did not offer a strings program.
In 2014, the West Virginia Symphony filed on behalf of Stoyanov for an "Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker," claiming he is "an individual of extraordinary ability." If granted, the petition would have allowed him and his wife and sons to stay in the United States and earn naturalization status, a "green card."
The petition, which was denied Oct. 4, included dozens of letters of recommendation from internationally recognized experts in violin, orchestra and chamber music. Stoyanov provided proof of his professional career: orchestral appearances in Japan, Italy, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, The Netherlands, Bulgaria, Russia, Macedonia and the United States. Recordings of his work are available in archives of Bulgarian National Radio and Television. His popular music experience includes work with the classical music-based Electric Light Orchestra rock band, Trans-Siberian Orchestra and vocalists Sarah Brightman and Josh Groban.
In a give-and-take of submission by Stoyanov and requests for more information by immigration officials, the government determined that because he had not won a one-time, major international award, he would have to meet three of 10 categories for his petition to be considered.
He met two: He had judged, individually or as a panel member, the work of peers; and he had earned enough media coverage about his work in major trade publications or journals.
Immigration officials, however, determined that Stoyanov – despite 13 letters of recommendation in this category alone – did not prove that his "work has made original contributions of major significance to the field."
"The category they said I did not meet," Stoyanov said, "was the one I was most confident I would meet."
He appealed. A letter dated Feb. 22 arrived and stated flatly: "USCIS did not find the beneficiary to be of extraordinary ability."
Officials with the federal agency declined to comment on the case.
He cannot appeal its decision. On Friday, Stoyanov sent in a motion to reopen the case.
He had worked with several attorneys, the first in Pittsburgh who was recommended by other classical musician peers.
The process is expensive. He estimates spending close to $14,000 in attorney fees and a few thousand more in filing fees, each one costing $630.
'There's something wrong with the system, not the applicants'
Such stories teeming with frustration and seemingly arbitrary decisions by government bureaucrats are not uncommon.
Cleveland-based David Leopold, past president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, has handled several dozen applications similar to Stoyanov's. In addition to his private practice, Leopold advises some immigration reform groups, most notably America's Voice, and contributes frequent op-ed columns on immigration.
"If they were judging baseball players, you have to be Derek Jeter, not a journeyman Major League third baseman. You can't just be good," Leopold said. Though not familiar with Stoyanov's case, Leopold said he appears to be gifted and a strong candidate for relief.
"This kind of thing happens all the time," Leopold said of the denial. "The law is designed to protect the U.S.-born workforce. In other words, `Is there a qualified American worker who can do this job?'"
The type of talented foreign-born applicants turned away, such as Stoyanov, Leopold said, make him think that "the people making these decisions live in a culture of `no.' To get one of these things, you have to fight tooth and nail. I think we are turning away people who can save lives and create jobs. The purpose of immigration is the enhance the economy and enhance the culture."
Stoyanov would appear to be doing both. He is studying yoga to learn more freedom of movement for violinists. They have developed an online violin instruction course that they launched, and which they plan to enhance from their native Bulgaria. They will live in her grandmother's apartment in Sofia.
"The Internet needs a good, high-level violin tutorial," he said. "We will provide that."
They say they are frustrated but not angry.
"We have always played by the rules. I've seen colleagues of ours who stay here illegally. I can never do that," said Lozanova, Stoyanov's wife. In 2001, they were members of an orchestra that toured 24 states for 54 performances of three French operas. Some fellow orchestra members overstayed their temporary work visas and are now U.S. citizens.
He said, "It is a cliché. Life goes on. The show must go on."
Their departure will leave holes in communities from Madeira, where they've owned a house since 2012, where their 5-year-old son, Teodor, has attended preschool, and where they brought home their 2-month-old son Deyan; to Clifton Heights, where violin student Madelyn Deininger lives; to Charleston, West Virginia, where Thomas and Sue Vasale have been their hosts since 2009.
"They're part of our family," Thomas Vasale said. "We've watched them grow into the kind of family that makes our country such a wonderful place to live. If these two can't pass muster, there's something wrong with the system, not the applicants."
One last lesson, virtuoso to student
Stoyanov frequently uses music to teach larger life lessons to his students.
Teacher, heal thyself. He finds empathy and comfort in Shostakovich's Symphony No. 5 in D minor. He performed it in 1997 on a tour of Europe with a Swiss orchestra.
"After I played it, I felt the whole symphony conveyed the struggle of life," he said. "Every day is uncertain. Every day is something different and something difficult. You can never see where you are going. The horizon is so far away. But you keep showing up every day and doing your share. The superhuman will to resist and endure in the last movement is incredible."
He read about the symphony two weeks after completing the tour.
"There are infinite ways to interpret a piece of music, but his message is what I felt," Stoyanov said. "One year ago, I had just completed my education. My wife was expecting. I was a happy citizen and looking to contribute what I could."
Today their small house in Madeira is empty of furniture they have sold. A man knocked on the front door during an interview Tuesday to pick up and pay for a shelf unit. Stoyanov took the cash and helped the man carry the shelves to his truck.
A neighbor will be the landlord and rent the property in their absence. Teodor's preschool teachers threw him a going-away party Thursday.
"Ridiculous," is how violin student Madelyn Deininger describes the set of circumstances of her teacher's forced departure. Her mother, Carolyn Deininger, said Stoyanov's tutoring turned the violin from something her daughter felt she had to study to something she wants to now make her life's pursuit.
Stoyanov left Madelyn with a final lesson.
Find a new teacher. Fall deeper into the music. Absorb its beauty.
Overplay it. Feel it. Make it your own.
Persevere.
A new-look MLS SuperDraft will have a new home for 2012, as the league announced on Friday that the annual event is scheduled to shift to Kansas City.
The 2012 SuperDraft is set for Thursday, Jan. 12, at the Kansas City Convention Center and will be held in conjunction with the National Soccer Coaches Association of America (NSCAA) Convention for the eighth straight year.
For the 2012 version, the SuperDraft will be reduced from three rounds to two, making for 38 overall selections. The first round will be broadcast live on ESPN2 starting at noon ET.
As in past expansion seasons, newcomers Montreal Impact will be selecting first overall. The following eight picks are currently held by clubs that did not qualify for the 2011 postseason, in reverse order of regular season finish. The remaining 10 picks will be determined by the order in which teams are eliminated in the playoffs combined with reverse order of regular-season finish.
A four-round Supplemental Draft will be held on Tuesday, Jan. 17. Both events are set to follow the 2012 adidas MLS Player Combine, which will again be held in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
GNOME Maps will support OpenStreetMap editing in its next release.
OpenStreetMap is a free, collaborative project to create an easily editable map of the world — the Wikipedia of maps, if you will.
Version 3.20 of the desktop mapping tool will see other improvements too, including improved translation behaviour and support for custom geo-json map layers.
Expanded place bubbles appear for ‘points of interest'. These pop-overs display basic information, such as a cafe name and its address.
Additional info, including website links and phone numbers, can also be revealed within these location pop-ups by clicking an ‘overflow' button, as pictured:
More interestingly though is support for adding and editing OSM points of interest through the GNOME Maps client.
It's a feature that GNOME Maps developer Marcus Lundblad explains in more detail on his blog:
“These fields are also possible to edit on OSM now, and if you copy a tel: URL from i.e. a web page, it would […] reformat it into the raw telephone number. The title of the editing dialog has been adjusted to better communicate the fact the changes are actually uploaded to the public OpenSteetMap database, and not stored locally or something like that.”
GNOME Maps 3.20 will ship as part of the Core Apps suite in the next stable release of the GNOME desktop environment.
GNOME 3.20 is (currently) scheduled for release in March, 2016.
See the official GNOME Wiki page for the GNOME Maps project for more details on the app and its features.
Mike Coppola/Getty Images
Gemini, the cryptocurrency exchange founded by the famous Winklevoss twins, has extended a scheduled maintenance of its site after a massive bitcoin sell-off.
The company said Friday night that its site would undergo maintenance from 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. ET Saturday, adding that users shouldn't expect "downtime." Still, the site appeared to be down for some users during the period, preventing folks from accessing their cryptocurrency accounts.
At around 1:00 p.m. ET the company said the maintenance would continue:
Twitter
The outage coincided with a massive bitcoin sell-off, which shaved more than $1,500 of its price, according to Markets Insider data. By 1:22 p.m. ET, bitcoin was trading down 11% against the US dollar at $14,305 a coin. The outage infuriated some users who were unable to move their coins around as bitcoin's price slid. One person criticized the firm for not giving users enough notice on the original maintenance:
Twitter
Here's another discontent tweeter:
Twitter
Founded in 2015 by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, who reportedly own a billion dollars of bitcoin, Gemini is one of the best-connected firms in the cryptocurrency space. Cboe Global Markets is partnering with the exchange for its bitcoin futures contracts, which are set to go live Sunday.
When volumes have increased on Gemini, the firm has faced challenges staying online.
Earlier this month, the firm showed many users a "504 Gateway Time-out" message, which meant its servers were not responding to requests. The company posted on its status page that "systems are currently experiencing degraded performance."
The exchange also experienced outages lasting as long as 10 hours in August, according to reporting by Quartz.
"This is not the first scaling challenge we've encountered, and it won't be the last," Gemini said in a blog post. "We're continuing to improve our performance and infrastructure monitoring so we can anticipate potential problems more quickly in the future."
Gemini did not respond to a request for comment.
The first bitcoin futures depend on trading at the Winklevoss twins' tiny exchange — and that's a problem
MBTA Police Officer Jason Barriteau (WCVB/screen grab)
A transit police officer in Boston has been identified as the man behind an offensive Facebook page that attacked LGBT people, Jews, women and people of different races.
A WCVB investigation determined that Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) Police Officer Jason Barriteau had created the offensive Facebook page using “Al Sharpton” as an alias.
The station said that most of the scores of images posted by Barriteau were too offensive to be shown on the air, but several of the examples showed him mocking people with Down Syndrome, homosexuals, transgendered people, and he also posted an image of a man titled “The Rape Train Stops for No One.”
There were also examples of comments attacking obese people, Hispanics, and Asians. In one case, Barriteau is pictured wearing a T-shirt with the Pillsbury Doughboy sporting an Adolf Hitler mustache, and the words “White Flour.”
But when WCVB's Kathy Curran caught up with Barriteau as he was getting in his car, he didn't have much to say.
“I know who you are, I'm not going to say nothing to you, so I'm all set,” he quipped before speeding off.
Anti-Defamation League regional director Robert Trestan told WCVB that the Pillsbury Doughboy T-shirt was very troubling.
“It brings up all the memories of the millions of people who were killed during World War II,” Trestan said. “Some of the photos project racism and some of the photos project anti-Semitism and it's concerning.”
MBTA General Manager Beverly Scott told Curran that she was “shocked” when she learned about Barriteau's Facebook page.
“That's the best way I could describe it,” she recalled. “As I flipped from one picture to the other it was so offensive on every front. This is what you call just plain old deliberate, you knew what you were doing, it's just totally unacceptable. You know, it was blatant.”
The MBTA social media policy prohibits officers from posting racist, sexist, or other objectionable material.
Court documents showed that Barriteau was given immunity in 2003 after he was on the scene while another officer beat a homeless man.
WCVB reported that Barriteau was currently on paid administrative leave.
Watch the video below from WCVB, broadcast Sept. 29, 2014.
(h/t: Addicting Info)
[Correction: The first sentence of the article incorrectly described Jason Barriteau as a Boston police officer, rather than a transit officer.]
Canadians are less likely than Americans are to support a pre-emptive military strike against Iran's nuclear-enrichment program, though the difference nearly evaporates in the Prairie provinces, and both countries consider Iran's activities a major worry.
A poll conducted by Ipsos Reid found that 41 per cent of Canadians supported a pre-emptive strike compared with 59 per cent of Americans.
Fifty-four per cent of those polled in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba were in support, compared with a low of 35 per cent in Quebec.
Story continues below advertisement
The poll was conducted on behalf of the Munk Debates, which hosts a discussion next month on how the world should respond to Iran's nuclear ambitions.
Moderator and co-organizer Rudyard Griffiths said he was surprised that the differences in views between the two countries weren't greater, and speculated that they could reflect a shift in the way Canadians view their military following our pull-out from Afghanistan and intervention in Libya.
"Were not Americans, we don't have a history of using military power to engage with global problems," he said.
"But in this case there seems to be some more hard-headed realism. … Maybe Canadians are becoming more comfortable about using their military as a tool to engage in the world."
He also said Israel's government has also done a good job of raising the profile of the issue.
Canadians ranked a nuclear-armed Iran as the third greatest global threat, after international terrorism and famine and food shortage.
Americans ranked it as their second-greatest concern, behind international terrorism.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
People polled in both countries agreed that public debate of the issue has been of low quality and driven by fear.
The poll surveyed 1,007 Canadians and 1,002 Americans from Ipsos's online panels.
The poll is considered accurate to plus-or-minus 3.5 percentage points for the national figures, with less confidence for regional and demographic data.
On Nov. 26 the Munk Debates will address the question "the world cannot tolerate an Iran with nuclear weapons capability." Columnist Charles Krauthammer and former Israeli military intelligence chief Amos Yadlin will argue in favour; journalist and commentator Fareed Zakaria and former diplomat Vali Nasr will argue against.
NEW STADIUMS
"The new stadium will be complete after a couple of years. The cost of building it will be around 800 crores" - a GCA official said © Getty
These are uncertain times for the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). Their entire set of office-bearers may have to vacate their chairs, and to make matters worse, they do not even have access to their share of funds and grants from the BCCI unless they implement the Lodha reforms.
Despite these issues, a couple of state associations are not shying away from their `grand plans'. In a highly ambitious project, the Gujarat Cricket Association (GCA) is aiming to build the biggest stadium in the world in terms of seating capacity at Ahmedabad. The Sardar Patel Stadium in Motera, when it is ready after a complete makeover, will be able to accommodate as many as 100,024 spectators. Earlier this month, the GCA announced that it was handing over the contract of rebuilding the stadium from scratch to Larsen & Turbo (L & T). The arena is supposed to be a dream project of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a former Chief Minister of Gujarat, and GCA president Amit Shah, who's also the BJP president.
"The new stadium will be complete after a couple of years. The cost of building it will be around 800 crores," a GCA official told TOI on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, the Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA) is planning to build a second cricket stadium in the state, after the Holkar Stadium in Indore, where it can host international games.This stadium, which will take around five-six years to build, will come up at Gwalior, which used to host international fixtures at the Captain Roop Singh Stadium earlier.
It will boast of a capacity of around 55,000, and should not cost more than Rs120 crore to build. "We've already allocated Rs35 crores from our funds for this project," said an MPCA official, while revealing that the association has around Rs120 crores in its coffers at present.
The Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) too has begun work on building a massive cricket stadium near Chandigarh, which will see international matches shift there from Mohali.
One spring morning, a 3-year-old wild mustang grazed contentedly with his herd on the sagebrush high desert near Steens Mountain. Eight hours later he no longer had a band.
Vince Patton/OPB
His sudden rejection by the rest of his family shocked Maggie Rothauge and probably the horse himself. She's reluctant to impose human emotions on wild animals, but she thinks even the horse appeared confused by his abrupt change of fate.
Rothauge, who called this male Cruiser, realized this was an event in every colt's life that humans hardly ever get to see. At the moment a colt grows mature enough to become competition for female attention, the stallion drives him off.
Rothauge frequently names the horses she has watched and photographed for four years. She took her first photo of Cruiser when he was 1 week old. She had never seen the young male challenge the lead stallion, Cascade. Everyone seemed at peace with one another early in the day.
Courtesy Maggie Rothauge
Late that afternoon, the herd seemed tense. Cascade charged at Cruiser. He trotted away, then drifted back. Then several mares joined Cascade in running at Cruiser, forcing him to flee a little farther.
The young male didn't understand and kept returning to his herd after the skirmishes.
“Oh my!” said Rothauge. “This is it. I've never seen this before.”
This was rejection day, an inevitable day in every colt's life when they cross a threshold into adulthood. The lead stallion now considered Cruiser competition.
Another herd grazed just a few hundred yards away. A stallion nicknamed Arrow for the white pointed pattern on his side had just three mares. Could Cruiser join them?
Not a chance.
Vince Patton/OPB
Arrow not only noticed Cascade's aggression, he jumped into the chase as well. Arrow charged from hundreds of yards away, galloping through the sage.
Cruiser bolted. This time he had to keep running. Arrow didn't let up as quickly as Cascade had.
Still, the chase ultimately petered out. Cruiser had to satisfy himself with grass far from the family he'd known for the last three years.
Arrow stared from the distance, then tucked his head and galloped again. This time, Rothauge really thought he looked dangerous. The horses ran right by her, then Cruiser turned, kicking up a cloud of dust to run back the way he came. In that turn, Arrow opened his mouth wide, baring his teeth. If he'd been two feet closer, Rothauge believes, he would have taken a chunk out of Cruiser's flank.
“I'm worried,” says Rothauge. “He could get hurt out here. I wish I could camp out all night to keep any eye on him.”
By the time the sun had dropped below the horizon, Cruiser had been chased from his band eight times.
Vince Patton/OPB
The message was taking time to sink in.
Cruiser had to leave. He was too mature. It was time to look for a bachelor band until he could recruit his own mares.
He's a stallion now.
Wild horses chase a 3-year-old colt out of the band. He's mature enough to compete for female attention so he's no longer welcome.
Visit the full digital story on mustangs and join the online conversation: Wild Horses in Crisis.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A letter to be read to worshipers in Roman Catholic Churches across Birmingham will say that the Government has not considered the damage to be done to children by allowing gay couples to marry in England and Wales as well as Scotland.
The letter focuses on the consequences of two fathers bringing up a child.
The letter to be read in church tomorrow to mark the Feast of the Holy Family has been written by the Archbishop of Birmingham, the Most Reverend Bernard Longley will say: “Government policy cannot foresee the full consequences, for the children involved or for wider society, of being brought up by two mothers without a father's influence or by two fathers without a mother's influence.
“We first learn about diversity and acquire a respect for difference through the complementarity of our parents.”
The letter continues: “The complementary love of father and mother is a precious gift that we should wish for every child.
“We know that many single parents courageously and generously look after their children and often struggle to give them a fine upbringing.
“If it had not been for the understanding of St Joseph, our Lady herself might have had to face the difficulties of being a single parent.
“Even so, the experience of growing up with our father and mother to teach and guide, to console and love us unconditionally is an invaluable blessing in life.”
Over recent weeks, thousands of people have utlised a Dutch service to leave the Roman Catholic Church as a result of the Pope's diatribes against homosexuality.
In his ‘World Day of Peace' remarks last week, the Pope said: “There is also a need to acknowledge and promote the natural structure of marriage as the union of a man and a woman in the face of attempts to make it juridically equivalent to radically different types of union.
“Such attempts actually harm and help to destabilise marriage, obscuring its specific nature and its indispensable role in society”, the Pope told worshipers.
Pope Benedict XVI was also pictured giving a blessing to Rebecca Kadaga, the Speaker of the Ugandan Parliament, who has promised to pass the country's notorious Anti-Homosexuality Bill as a “Christmas gift”.
On 26 December, a petition started to push Barack Obama to label to the Roman Catholic Church a “hate group”, following a similar petition to label the Westboro Baptist Church the same.
The Boy Who Harnessed The Wind
Photo of William Kamkwamba's wind turbine by
Tom Reilly. licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.0
Generic license.
William Kamkwamba grew up in a village in Malawi, in southeast
Africa. He could not attend school because his parents couldn't afford
the tuition of $(removed) per year. From time to time, he sneaked into
classes to learn math and English, but it wasn't long until the
teachers discovered his presence and kicked him out.
Undaunted by poverty or the famines that affected his country,
William taught himself by studying the books in the library of an
elementary school in his village. In 2002, when he was 14 years old,
he went to the library to find out what the English word "grapes"
meant and he stumbled across a science book for elementary school
students called Using Energy. William says that finding this
book was the trigger that changed the course of his life.
He had a difficult time reading the book, but he pored over
its diagrams for motors and generators, and eventually came up with
the idea of building an electricity-generating wind turbine. His
village did not have electricity (in fact, only 2% of Malawi receives
electricity service, and that service is very spotty), and he dreamed
of being able to read at night in his house.
William went about collecting the parts for a wind turbine from
trash heaps and junkyards. He used old plastic pipes, a broken
bicycle, a tractor fan, sticks, and bits of wire. He soldered the
electrical components together using a piece of wire heated in a fire,
and used a bent bicycle spoke as a wrench adapter.
William lashed his generator to a 16-foot tower made from tree
branches. His fellow villagers thought his efforts were foolish, and
they teased him. But when the blades of the turbine began to spin, and
the small light bulb that he had connected to the output wires began
to glow brightly, they stopped scoffing. William soon installed four
light bulbs and two radios in his house, and built a circuit breaker
to keep his house's thatch roof from catching fire.
As William continued to refine his home power system, he was
discovered by journalists visiting the village. The news whipped
around Africa and through the rest of the world, and he became known
as "the boy who you harnessed the wind." He went on an international
speaking tour, and at the age of 19 enrolled in a university in South
Africa.
Today, the lasting impact of Williams work can already be felt. He
is committed to improving the lives of his fellow Africans through the
innovative use of sustainable technology, and is leading a project to
rebuild his primary school
in Malawi. You can read about it here.
Watch a short
documentary about William Kamkwamba.
Buy The
Boy Who Harnessed the Wind by William Kamkwamba and Bryan Mealer
on Amazon
Advertisement:
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
By Steve Devrell
The one thing that surprises me about the revelations that have suddenly come to light about Islamic schools in Birmingham is that it has caused such surprise.
The Islamification of education in certain areas of Birmingham has been developing for years. Suddenly it has become identified as an issue and the non-Islamic population are throwing their arms in the air in horror and queuing up to down pints with Nigel Farage.
Politicians and inspectors have now moved in to re-establish Britishness in a nigh on closed community.
I speak not out of ignorance here. I was a teacher in Birmingham and the West Midlands for 36 years until I retired recently and I witnessed at first how Islam has infiltrated our schools.
Please don't get me wrong, I do not wear the golden pound sign on a purple background. I am not one who prophetically bathes in Enoch Powell's ‘Rivers of Blood'. I do not festoon my car, my windows, my tee shirts and underpants with Union flags.
I am in every way a liberal, fair-minded individual who joined teaching because it offered a philanthropic experience.
I certainly enjoyed watching children from different cultures prosper in their new and chosen country. But there has become an increasing trend amongst Islamic communities to separate rather than integrate.
The west, under direction from the USA, is seen as the infidel, the sworn enemy of Islam and therefore beyond co-operation.
Our involvement in Islamic conflicts has led to alienation with the young and increasingly disaffected Islamists.
For those of us who worked in Birmingham at the time of 9/11, it was noted as a clear turning point for radical groups. It was seen as victory against the ‘Mighty Meddler' and it provided many with a new confidence and boldness to challenge the values of The West in the name of Islam.
I remember distinctly walking through the centre of Birmingham, just days after the event and witnessing car-loads of young Asian men driving through with flags waving out of their windows and Islamic music being played at full blast. This event also triggered the widespread wearing of the hijab and the burka among young Muslim women.
Previously, these symbols of the Islamic religion were rarely seen on the streets of Britain, now they became almost an essential accessory, ironically liberating them through restriction.
Further developments occurred in Birmingham schools.
Prayer mats were rolled out at regular intervals for students and indeed for the growing number of Islamic teachers, who were often seen praying in full view of the children.
Eid was seen to rival the traditional Christian festivals in schools and many students and teachers demanded time off to celebrate. Indeed in some Birmingham schools, unofficial holidays, or in-service days were granted for such occasions.
There are various other examples of what one might consider to be unacceptable behaviour or practice.
One male PE teacher refused to take part in the end-of-school staff versus students cricket match, because he would be in a team that included a woman. Other examples involved students and teachers taking extended breaks to visit family because it was cheaper to do so outside of school holidays.
Why did such practices exist? Well, simply, there was a fear among school leaders that refusals would be seen as racism or anti-Islamic and so it was easier to grant the request than face the backlash.
One of the arguments made to counter the influence of fundamental Islam is that the majority of Islamists do not subscribe to such practices and in my experiences, I would agree with this. But I would also claim that not enough is done within the Muslim communities to challenge this behaviour.
Historical conflicts and indeed many of our present day problems stem from a passive majority allowing the radical minority to operate unopposed. There has to be more monitoring of potential extremism from inside the community.
There must also be more transparency in the way religion is practised. If society is ignorant of a religion then rumours and suspicions abound.
The problem that the Government now faces of courses is the old scenario of stable door and horse.
It is now very difficult to change practices and privileges that have been allowed to exist. Mr Cameron's latest crusade to instil Britishness into our schools is probably very popular in its sentiment but almost impossible to introduce in practice.
The very fact we live in an open democracy means that our Britishness is not prescribed and monitored by some remote controlling authority.
We are allowed to develop our interpretation of this rather vague term. Although many of us share the same values, we are allowed the freedom to develop our own interpretation.
Britishness must also be something that changes with the needs and aspirations of society. Being British when I was growing up some 50 years ago is very different from being British today.
What is far more important is the need to appreciate being British and the advantages it gives us. I have been fortunate enough to travel extensively and I am yet to find a country that is as tolerant and inclusive as Britain. This is a fine place to live with effective established social benefits in place.
That is part of the attraction of wanting to live here. These are the things we should be promoting as a country. So we don't always have to sing from the same song sheet, but we must try to sing with one voice.
* Steve Devrell was a teacher in Birmingham for 36 years
“I have a biology degree, okay?” – Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), in remarks at the Lincoln Labs “Reboot Congress” conference, Feb. 12, 2015
Arrington: “Let's talk about economics because maybe you can actually explain this to me. I have an econ degree which means I know just enough not to understand any of what our government is [inaudible]” Paul: “Mine's in biology and English so this is going to be a great conversation.”
Senator Rand Paul has claimed for years that he has a degree in Biology from Baylor University: He made the claim twice in the same day. He also mentioned a degree in English:Rand Paul never graduated from Baylor University. He was there for three years, but left before he completed an undergraduate degree. Somehow he was still able to get into Duke University's Medical School–which, at the time, didn't require an undergraduate degree. The policy has since changed and undergraduate degrees are required.
His staff responded to try and put a damper on the controversy:
“It is unfair to give Senator Paul 3 Pinocchios because a M.D. Degree is the study of biomedical sciences according to the Duke University School of Medicine. In other words, a M.D. is a biology degree. Merriam-Webster defines biology as ‘a branch of knowledge that deals with living organisms and vital processes.' Dr. Paul never said he had an undergraduate degree in biology, and it is accurate for him to say that he has a biology degree. You are making inferences from his statement that are unwarranted. It is common knowledge that the study of medicine is the study of human biology, and a MD has a doctorate degree in one area of study of the science of biology.”
"Dr. Paul is the chairman and founder of Kentucky Taxpayers United. A native of Pennsylvania he is a graduate of Baylor University and the Duke University School of Medicine." Paul, noticeably, never claimed he graduated from Baylor during that sit-down (and it says something that the Conway campaign couldn't immediately find a video clip or newspaper quote of him doing so). But the candidate didn't protest or correct his interviewer either.
They are right. He never said undergraduate degree. However, on other occasions when his degree(s) from Baylor University were mentioned, he certainly never corrected the record. During a sitdown with The Louisville Courier Journal in 2010:So there you have it. Like his views on civil rights or outrageous views on vaccinations , this is just another in a growing list of inconsistent stories and smarmy excuses about Rand Paul and his record.
I bet you think you'd be able to do a lot more if you had more time. If so, you're probably wrong. Having more time is only a piece of the puzzle.
It's not just the quantity of time that we should consider, but the quality of time, too.
This is largely the foundation of the idea of heatmapping your productivity and of the engagement threshold. In each case, time is only one factor – with energy and attention being the others.
The fact that time is only one of three factors doesn't discount the importance of time, for having an abundance of creative energy or being especially engaged doesn't help much if you don't have enough time to do anything with that energy or attention. Manifesting change in the world takes time, but that's not all it takes.
Thinking in terms of time, energy, and attention is important because many of us operate as if more time equals more capacity, when in reality it often doesn't. (Click to tweet.)
Anyone who's sat at their desk at the end of the day in that awkward middleground where they're neither working nor playing understands this concept. Yet the overriding tendency is to sit there nonetheless because the operating assumption is that more time working equals more work done, evidence to the contrary be damned.
Why We Think in Terms of Time Management
We like to think in terms of time because it's a lot easier than trying to evaluate the trinity of time, energy, and attention – our TEA – especially since time is objectively measurable. If we're in a scenario where others are directly or indirectly evaluating our output, a dutifully completed time card is a safe fallback because, as we've already observed, more time at work equals more work done. And, in fairness, it's hard to gauge someone else's energy and attention from the outside when you're in a large organization, so the time card gives us something to go by.
Many of us creatives don't work in those environments, but we've done an excellent job of keeping the model. This is quite unfortunate, because creative effectiveness is all about harnessing our TEA. We might have only two hours per day when we have the concentrated TEA that we need to do some creative heavy lifting, and if we don't use that TEA wisely, no amount of any single component of the triad is going to help us work at that same level.
This Isn't New, But We Need to Be Reminded About It a Lot
What I'm saying here isn't anything new, either in my own thinking or in that of others. For my own part, I've written about some of these ideas directly in a General Theory of Productivity a few years ago and indirectly in just about every post I've written on productivity. One way to understand a lot of what's going on in Getting Things Done is to see that David Allen is giving us a process to get things out of our heads, thereby increasing the amount of attention and energy we have available. Jim Loehr and Tony Schwartz address energy and attention more directly in The Power of Full Engagement. Stephen Covey's 7 Habits framework is generally about using our TEA proactively rather than reactively. The huge body of work on time management and efficiency tends to focus on creating processes and systems that increase available time by decreasing the time seepage that often happens with our work. And so on.
Instead of thinking just about how you're using your time, think about how you're using your time, energy, and attention. I'll wrap this up with some questions for you to ponder:
On gaining time : What are you doing that you could either stop doing or do more efficiently so that there's less time seepage?
: What are you doing that you could either stop doing or do more efficiently so that there's less time seepage? On using time : What would you do with any additional time that you gain? Is the juice worth the squeeze?
: What would you do with any additional time that you gain? Is the juice worth the squeeze? On gaining energy : What could you do to increase your available physical, emotional, social, mental, and physical energy?
: What could you do to increase your available physical, emotional, social, mental, and physical energy? On losing energy : What are the sources of energy drain in your life? Is there something you can do to address those sources? It'll probably take more energy to deal with the cause than the symptom, but continually applying Band-Aids has a cost, too.
: What are the sources of energy drain in your life? Is there something you can do to address those sources? It'll probably take more energy to deal with the cause than the symptom, but continually applying Band-Aids has a cost, too. On gaining attention : What really engages you? What are you naturally drawn to do?
: What really engages you? What are you naturally drawn to do? On losing attention (being distracted): What's distracting you or causing you to continually shift focus? Is there a way to alter your environment so you're less prone to be distracted?
Our TEA is precious and finite. Please treasure these assets and use them wisely.
Photo Credit: A-F Photography
An exciting new festival is coming to Amsterdam!.
The program starts at 12:00 and brings you in the mood with a Twin Heart Group Meditation, before you let loose at the movement workshops. In between, enjoy the Yoga Swing Hangmat!
All those activities will certainly make you hungry, so don't worry, dinner will also be provided. Prepay online for the amazing organic Creamy Thai Carrot soup and GADO GADO with egg and and tofu, specially prepared by Giovanna Gomersbach. If you don't manage to pre-book this fabulous option, don't worry, there will still be snacks served at the event: courgette spaghetti salade (€5), marinated nutsand seeds (€5) and of course something for your sweet tooth that will also provide some well needed energy to move! (€3 - €4).
The workshops will help you unleash a lot of energy, just in time for the evening sounds of DJ Shanto, well known from Club Lite Amsterdam.
Choose from the following 12 dance and movement workshops:
- Zumba
- Bollywood Dance
- Tango
- Belly Dance
- Chakra Journey
- Contact Improvisation
- Kung Fu en Aikido
- Silent Movement with Do In Yoga, Mindfulness Yoga and musical Bowls
- Twin Heart Group Meditation
- Laughter Yoga
And after all that...DANCE YOUR SOCKS OFF WITH DJ Shanto, until 2am!
Come to discover this colorful event!
TICKET COST AND INFO:
Full Program (12 - 2am), includes all workshops and the party with DJ Shanto!
- Earlybird Special €24,50 presale before November 11, 2013
- Online 11-30 November 2013, €29,50
- At the door €32,50
Dance Workshops and party with DJ Shanto (19:30-2:00)
- Earlybird Special €9,50 before November 11, 2013
- Online 11-30 November 2013, €14,50
- At the door, €17,50
Party only with DJ Shanto (21:00 - 2:00)
- Earlybird Special €7,50 before November 11, 2013
- Online 11-30 November 2013, €9,50
- At the door, €12,50
Click here for the full program and to purchase tickets online.
The board of the National Association of Evangelicals, an umbrella group representing 60 denominations and dozens of ministries, passed a resolution this year deploring “the epidemic of young people leaving the evangelical church.”
Among the leaders speaking at the meetings are Ted Haggard, president of the evangelical association; the Rev. Jerry Falwell; and nationally known preachers like Jack Hayford and Tommy Barnett.
Genuine alarm can be heard from Christian teenagers and youth pastors, who say they cannot compete against a pervasive culture of cynicism about religion, and the casual “hooking up” approach to sex so pervasive on MTV, on Web sites for teenagers and in hip-hop, rap and rock music. Divorced parents and dysfunctional families also lead some teenagers to avoid church entirely or to drift away.
Over and over in interviews, evangelical teenagers said they felt like a tiny, beleaguered minority in their schools and neighborhoods. They said they often felt alone in their struggles to live by their “Biblical values” by avoiding casual sex, risqué music and videos, Internet pornography, alcohol and drugs.
When Eric Soto, 18, transferred from a small charter school to a large public high school in Chicago, he said he was disappointed to find that an extracurricular Bible study attracted only five to eight students. “When we brought food, we thought we could get a better turnout,” he said. They got 12.
Chelsea Dunford, a 17-year old from Canton, Conn., said, “At school I don't have a lot of friends who are Christians.”
Ms. Dunford spoke late last month as she and her small church youth group were about to join more than 3,400 teenagers in a sports arena at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst for a Christian youth extravaganza and rock concert called Acquire the Fire.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“A lot of my friends are self-proclaimed agnostics or atheists,” said Ms. Dunford, who wears a bracelet with a heart-shaped charm engraved with “tlw,” for “true love waits,” to remind herself of her pledge not to have premarital sex.
She said her friends were more prone to use profanity and party than she was, and added: “It's scary sometimes. You get made fun of.”
To break the isolation and bolster the teenagers' commitment to a conservative lifestyle, Mr. Luce has been organizing these stadium extravaganzas for 15 years. The event in Amherst was the first of 40 that Teen Mania is putting on between now and May, on a breakneck schedule that resembles a road trip for a major touring band. The “roadies” are 700 teenagers who have interned for a year at Teen Mania's “Honor Academy” in Garden Valley, Tex.
More than two million teenagers have attended in the last 15 years, said Mr. Luce, a 45-year-old, mop-headed father of three with a master's degree from the Graduate School of Business Administration at Harvard and the star power of an aging rock guitarist.
“That's more than Paul McCartney has pulled in,” Mr. Luce asserted, before bounding onstage for the opening pyrotechnics and a prayer.
For the next two days, the teenagers in the arena pogoed to Christian bands, pledged to lead their friends to Christ and sang an anthem with the chorus, “We won't be silent.” Hundreds streamed down the aisles for the altar call and knelt in front of the stage, some weeping openly as they prayed to give their lives to God.
Photo
The next morning, Mr. Luce led the crowd in an exercise in which they wrote on scraps of paper all the negative cultural influences, brand names, products and television shows that they planned to excise from their lives. Again they streamed down the aisles, this time to throw away the “cultural garbage.”
Trash cans filled with folded pieces of paper on which the teenagers had scribbled things like Ryan Seacrest, Louis Vuitton, “Gilmore Girls,” “Days of Our Lives,” Iron Maiden, Harry Potter, “need for a boyfriend” and “my perfect teeth obsession.” One had written in tiny letters: “fornication.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some teenagers threw away cigarette lighters, brand-name sweatshirts, Mardi Gras beads and CD's — one titled “I'm a Hustla.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Lord Jesus,” Mr. Luce prayed into the microphone as the teenagers dropped their notes into the trash, “I strip off the identity of the world, and this morning I clothe myself with Christ, with his lifestyle. That's what I want to be known for.”
Evangelical adults, like believers of every faith, fret about losing the next generation, said the Rev. David W. Key, director of Baptist Studies at the Candler School of Theology of Emory University, in Atlanta.
“The uniqueness of the evangelical situation is the fact that during the 80's and 90's you had the Reagan revolution that was growing the evangelical churches,” Mr. Key said.
Today, he said, the culture trivializes religion and normalizes secularism and liberal sexual mores.
The phenomenon may not be that young evangelicals are abandoning their faith, but that they are abandoning the institutional church, said Lauren Sandler, author of “Righteous: Dispatches from the Evangelical Youth Movement” (Viking, 2006). Ms. Sandler, who calls herself a secular liberal, said she found the movement frighteningly robust.
“This generation is not about church,” said Ms. Sandler, an editor at Salon.com. “They always say, ‘We take our faith outside the four walls.' For a lot of young evangelicals, church is a rock festival, or a skate park or hanging out in someone's basement.”
Contradicting the sense of isolation expressed by some evangelical teenagers, Ms. Sandler said, “I met plenty of kids who told me over and over that if you're not Christian in your high school, you're not cool — kids with Mohawks, with indie rock bands who feel peer pressure to be Christian.”
The reality is, when it comes to organizing youth, evangelical Christians are the envy of Roman Catholics, mainline Protestants and Jews, said Christian Smith, a professor of sociology at the University of Notre Dame, who specializes in the study of American evangelicals and surveyed teens for his book “Soul Searching: the Religious and Spiritual lives of American Teenagers” (Oxford, 2005).
Mr. Smith said he was skeptical about the 4 percent statistic. He said the figure was from a footnote in a book and was inconsistent with research he had conducted and reviewed, which has found that evangelical teenagers are more likely to remain involved with their faith than are mainline Protestants, Catholics, Jews and teenagers of almost every other religion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“A lot of the goals I'm very supportive of,” Mr. Smith said of the new evangelical youth campaign, “but it just kills me that it's framed in such apocalyptic terms that couldn't possibly hold up under half a second of scrutiny. It's just self-defeating.”
The 4 percent is cited in the book “The Bridger Generation” by Thom S. Rainer, a Southern Baptist and a former professor of ministry. Mr. Rainer said in an interview that it came from a poll he had commissioned, and that while he thought the methodology was reliable, the poll was 10 years old.
“I would have to, with integrity, say there has been no significant follow-up to see if the numbers are still valid,” Mr. Rainer said.
Mr. Luce seems weary of criticism that his message is overly alarmist. He said that a current poll by the well-known evangelical pollster George Barna found that 5 percent of teenagers were Bible-believing Christians. Some criticize Mr. Barna's methodology, however, for defining “Bible-believing” so narrowly that it excludes most people who consider themselves Christians.
Mr. Luce responded: “If the 4 percent is true, or even the 5 percent, it's an indictment of youth ministry. So certainly they're going to want different data.”
Outside the arena in Amherst, the teenagers at Mr. Luce's Acquire the Fire extravaganza mobbed the tables hawking T-shirts and CD's stamped: “Branded by God.” Mr. Luce's strategy is to replace MTV's wares with those of an alternative Christian culture, so teenagers will link their identity to Christ and not to the latest flesh-baring pop star.
Apparently, the strategy can show results. In Chicago, Eric Soto said he returned from a stadium event in Detroit in the spring to find that other teenagers in the hallways were also wearing “Acquire the Fire” T-shirts.
“You were there? You're a Christian?” he said the young people would say to one another. “The fire doesn't die once you leave the stadium. But it's a challenge to keep it burning.”
Philip Reeve, author of the Mortal Engines series, has written a new Doctor Who is a story, focusing on the fourth Doctor and Leela and the dangers of an immense tree space station, known as the Heligan Structure, that has been asleep for centuries, dreaming of vengeance against a man in a blue box. Read an extract from the story Guardian children's site member Patrick interviewed him about the story and his Doctor Who memories
In your introductory video online you spoke at length of how you weren't always into Doctor Who. When did you first start to watch the show?
The first story I remember watching was the one where Leela was introduced, which Wikipedia tells me was aired in 1977. I had made a few attempts before then, but it always looked way too scary! As a child I always steered clear of science fiction, but in the autumn of 1977 the bow-wave of publicity for the first Star Wars movie had already reached me, so I was eager for anything science fictional. (Oddly, when I looked up the transmission date, I noticed that that first Leela story was called The Face of Evil, so perhaps that's where I got The Roots of Evil from. But they were all called the Something of Evil, I think!)
How much research did you do for The Roots of Evil? Did you find any stories that you drew inspiration from? What's your favourite story from that era?
I went almost entirely on my own memories, which I found were surprisingly detailed. There's a story called The Sun Makers which I could remember almost word for word - bizarrely, when you consider that I've only seen it once, more than 30 years ago. That was set in a futuristic society on Pluto, and there aren't really any monsters in it (there's a strange little dwarvish alien tyrant, but he's not really a monster in the usual Doctor Who sense) so I think that's what made me think of doing something with a spacey, futuristic setting - and originally I wasn't going to have any monsters either, but then some turned up, which is probably a good thing! I did rewatch The Sun Makers, by way of research, also one called City of Death, which is excellent. The one I remember most fondly is the Victorian-set adventure called The Talons of Weng Chiang - which I notice a lot of people claim as a favourite - but I haven't had a chance to see that again yet, so I don't know how well it stands up.
You write for all sorts of genres, in some parts historical, some parts futuristic. Why did you choose to write this in the future and not in the past?
I used to be very fascinated by Victorian stuff, and my best known books, the Mortal Engines series, have a sort of retro, Victorian vibe, despite being set in the far future. But I seem to have worked all that 19th century stuff out of my system, and while it might have been interesting to throw the Doctor into another historical era (Ancient Egypt? Rome?) I was drawn to an outer space setting. Also, although I had no idea who the other writers were going to be (and still don't know who will be doing Doctors 5 - 11) I suspected that a lot of them would go for historical or present-day settings - but I may be proved completely wrong about that.
One of your most famous novels, Mortal Engines, is being transformed into a movie and the Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings' Peter Jackson is lined up to direct. Is there anything you could tell us about it and the process of having your book turned into a movie?
You clearly know much more about this than I do! It's literally years since I heard anything about a Mortal Engines movie. I don't think there's even a script. There are just these rumours rumbling around in the echo-chambers of the internet...
If you had a TARDIS, where would you travel to, and what monster would you fight when you got there?
Well I wouldn't want to fight ANY monsters! Are you MAD? I'd want to go somewhere with NO MONSTERS AT ALL! (That's why I'd make a very bad Doctor Who, even though I've got the outfit and everything.)
What was your favourite novel when you were young?
I was fascinated by The Lord of the Rings from about the age of eight and that lasted well into my teens. I also loved Rosemary Sutcliff's historical tales (The Eagle of the Ninth is the best known nowadays). Later, as a teenager, I read a lot of SF.
Is there any piece of advice you could give to young, aspiring writers?
Read a lot, and write every day.
Where is the weirdest place you've been to? What did you do there?
I don't travel much, I just stay at home and imagine weird places. I went to Welwyn Garden City recently, that's quite weird: towns in Britain have usually just grown up higgledy-piggledy over the centuries, but this one was planned: the streets are all laid out on a grid, all the houses are from the same period, and it's almost unnaturally clean and quiet and tidy. It was like stepping into some bizarre parallel universe, a 1920s suburb haunted by dreams of a future which never quite arrived. There's a community centre where David Bowie played one of his first gigs, which I found myself looking at rather as an Ancient Greek might have looked at a temple where Apollo or Dionysus had once appeared. I liked it immensely!
And lastly if you had to travel with one companion from Doctor Who, who would you choose?
I only remember three of them - Leela, and the two Romanas. Leela looks more fun, but Romana was a Time Lord (or Time Lady?) so she'd probably be able to steer the TARDIS and so forth, which would be useful... I can't even drive a car, let alone an inter-dimensional phone box. But I had a bit of a crush on Lalla Ward Romana when I was about 13, so that would be embarrassing: I'd have to go for Mary Tamm Romana!
Captain Tycho Minogue is back for his second outing in Escape from Pleasure Planet, and developer Up Multimedia has come out of the starting blocks eager to show it's learned several lessons since its debut release.
While Tycho's first adventure, My Ex-Boyfriend the Space Tyrant, was good, campy fun, its basic game design made for numerous, frustrating experiences. Pleasure Planet seeks to correct those amateur mistakes, offering up gameplay that shows refinement and polish all throughout. A handful of fail states present themselves immediately after the title screen, urging players to get accustomed to a type of trial-and-error gameplay that wasn't before present.
Taking heavy inspiration from Star Trek's Risa – and countless other sci-fi properties that have used the trope of a perfect planet that isn't what it seems – Escape from Pleasure Planet begins as Tycho descends upon a ruthless (yet beautiful) villain who's crashed upon the resort planet of Arcadia. Armed only with his wits, a bi-corder that is DEFINITELY not a tricorder and his trademark midriff-bearing muscle tee and short, short shorts, Minogue soon learns that his bounty pales in comparison to the mysteries of the planet itself.
While Escape from Pleasure Planet is a self-proclaimed gay game, that can take away from the fact it's a meaty point-and-click adventure that just happens to feature gay themes, campy humour and psychedelic, 1970s science-fiction. Phillips' artwork suits the project perfectly, painting Minogue as the super-charged, homosexual version of Barbarella (ignoring the fact that Barbarella is that already).
Phillips, who has worked on projects from comic publishers DC and Marvel, once again offers up top-notch work, filling Arcadia with colourful, vibrant characters. Thankfully, dialog trees provide characters with personalities that match. In the vein of Monkey Island, you'll want to click on everything in sight to get Minogue's take on a person, place or thing. I often found myself trying to combine ridiculous inventory items with one another or using the bi-corder to analyse items just to get a reaction from Minogue or those around him.
As you begin to peel away at the mysteries of the pleasure planet, players can choose to go with the gay allegories that present themselves or simply remain focused on the story at hand. Minogue can confront a bigoted space alien, or simply choose to let him be. As things progress, it becomes clear that the hedonistic planet is working hard to hide that side of itself, mirroring the internal struggles some homosexuals face as part of the coming out process (or simply in every day life). Things get quite dark, admittedly, but themes are continually managed with respect and — far more importantly — a wicked sense of humour.
Pleasure Planet excels in every way over its predecessor. Puzzles are challenging but fair; each failure made is clear-cut and understandable (though with that said, it's best to save more often than simply rely on the auto-save). One or two puzzles suffer from a logic gap or have elements that simply work themselves out, inexplicably, to progress a thread, but they're quite uncommon and largely forgivable. I never experienced the states of hopelessness and futility that Space Tyrant was often plagued with. When stuck, it was because of my own doing instead of a sloppy bit of code. While there are some rough edges in places, they actually work, helping to entrench the title as a B-grade, schlocky adventure.
Up Multimedia delivers a quality point-and-click adventure with same-sex attracted characters and gay culture in a way that doesn't alienate players of any sexuality, religion or creed. While its very nature clearly targets those in the LGBTI community, fans of point-and-click adventures will have a splendid time exploring Arcadia alongside Minogue and his motley crew.
The good Far more polish than in My Ex-Boyfriend the Space Tyrant.
Vibrant, colour art.
A wicked sense of humour. The bad A logic gap or two.
Escape from Pleasure Planet was reviewed using a promotional code on Steam, as provided by the developer. The author has previously pledged $20 AUD to Escape from Pleasure Planet‘s Kickstarter, and will gift the retail copy of the game it provides to a friend. Stevivor has in the past, interviewed Up Multimedia's Luke Miller. Click here to learn more about Stevivor's scoring scale.
Billionaire investor Warren Buffett says the U.S. must rally around President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE before he enters the White House.
“I support any president of the United States,” he told CNN's Poppy Harlow in an interview published Friday. "It's very important the American people coalesce behind the president.
ADVERTISEMENT
“That doesn't mean we can't criticize him or they can't disagree with what he's doing maybe,” added Buffett, who backed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. "But we need a country united. He deserves everybody's respect.”
Buffett said he is already skeptical about the practicality of portions of Trump's economic agenda, however.
“Nobody can grow the economy in 4 percent in real terms over time,” he said of his fellow billionaire's campaign pledge. "The math is too extraordinary.
“It's a bad idea, a very bad idea, but I'm not going to say it is going to cause a recession,” the Berkshire Hathaway CEO added of Trump's call for a 35 percent tariff on goods imported to the U.S.
Buffett added he would offer Trump his economic counsel if the Republican sought it out after his inauguration.
“I would do that with any president. I've never called a president in my life. So I don't initiate them. But if any president asks me for help in any way, I mean, that's part of being a citizen.”
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She managed to offend the entire Islamic community by posting condescending tweets about the sacred festival of Ramadan on Sunday.
So we weren't surprised to hear she'd been slammed by Twitter users ever since.
But the potty-mouthed telly personality seems rather amused by all the hatred she's attracting.
"Angry people, please crack on with your diets and stop asking Allah to forgive me. I am beyond redemption," she tweeted on Monday.
The snobby mum then thanked all her *fans* for all their support.
(Image: Getty)
"Thank you for all the terribly kind support today - as ever. Sometimes it takes a woman to man up and tell it like it is," she wrote.
We can't tell whether she's being sarcastic.
Katie then went on to continue attacking Islam, by posting another picture of a yummy-looking cake.
"Here we are my friends enjoying Ramadan. Another juicy cake for you," she captioned the snap.
She added: "Islam supports homophobia. If I object to this homophobia, it's called Islamophobia, seen as 'worse'. We have a new hierarchy of phobias."
"This ain't gonna go down well (sic)" wrote on user.
"Sometimes your opinions are on point but can you please just let people have their own beliefs without being unnecessarily rude," added another.
The controversial telly personality took to Twitter on Sunday night to express her views on the Islamic festival of fasting - Ramadan.
"Ramadan typically brings a spike in violence in the Middle East. I get grumpy when I don't eat - but I don't blow things up. Religion of peace?," she tweeted.
"If we take 5:2 as a basic idea, what is the ratio for Ramadan? 18:6?" she continued sarcastically.
Among posting other insults, the attention-seeking columnist shared a picture of a yummy-looking cake under the caption: "Are you celebrating Ramadan? Here is a picture of a juicy cake. Rainbow cake. #itsgoodtobegay."
And it wasn't long before Katie was being slammed left, right and centre for her insensitive comments.
"There'll be burning effigies of you from here to Karachi now," wrote one Twitter user.
"I'd be pretty grumpy too if some uneducated white person decided it was okay to mock my religious conviction but whatever," said another.
"You should start fasting as well!!!! It will help you reduce the double chin," added another.
Read Katie's 13 most controversial statements ever here.
Dominion: Prosperity
by: Donald X. Vaccarino
Ah, money. There's nothing like the sound of coins clinking in your hands. You vastly prefer it to the sound of coins clinking in someone else's hands, or the sound of coins just sitting there in a pile that no-one can quite reach without getting up. Getting up, that's all behind you now. Life has been good to you. Just ten years ago, you were tilling your own fields in a simple straw hat. Today, your kingdom stretches from sea to sea, and your straw hat is the largest the world has ever known. You also have the world's smallest dog, and a life-size statue of yourself made out of baklava. Sure, money can't buy happiness, but it can buy envy, anger, and also this kind of blank feeling. You still have problems - troublesome neighbors that must be conquered. But this time, you'll conquer them in style.
This is the 4th addition to the game of Dominion. It adds 25 new Kingdom cards to Dominion, plus 2 new Basic cards that let players keep building up past Gold and Province. The central theme is wealth; there are treasures with abilities, cards that interact with treasures, and powerful expensive cards.
SEOUL -- As the sun sets over Seoul, a low-lit basement bar in a backstreet in the traditional district of Anguk fills up with a cool, 20- to 30-something clientele. Across town, in a tangle of alleys in Noksapyeong, a foreign-centric district across from the giant U.S. Army base, thirsty patrons crowd into a string of bright, packed pubs.
In Anguk, the draw is a milky-looking white liquid, gurgling into bowls from plastic bottles: makgeolli, a traditional rice brew undergoing a remarkable renaissance. In Noksapyeong the tipples bubbling into clear glasses are brown, black and white: artisanal ales, porters and wheat beers.
These craft brews, and the bars which serve them, are emblematic of changes in South Korea's drinking culture and consumer lifestyle.
For decades, booze choices nationwide were largely restricted to soju, the local grain-based firewater; bland, mass-market lagers; and more recently, pricey imported wines. But in recent years, a wave of exciting new beers, both international-style and Korean-style, have washed through the market. (Usually mistranslated as “rice wine,” makgeolli is categorically a beer. It is brewed not fermented; is made from cereals not fruits; and is quaffed, not sipped.)
The addition of expanded liquid choices to Korea's ever-pulsating nightlife makes the nation's drinking scene as exciting as anywhere in the region.
“Korea has come a long way in its drinking culture,” said Eric Thorpe, a PR executive and long-term expatriate. “I used to live in Tokyo, and Seoul has become as fun a place to go out at night as Tokyo – in some ways better.”
What happened? Three developments enabled the trend: regulatory change; globalization; and a shift in local tastes toward lower-alcohol, healthier drinks.
Makgeolli was traditionally a peasants' drink; the choice for low-income, middle-aged, rural tipplers. Change came when a series of regulations were lifted in the late 1990s, permitting makgeollis – whose sales were previously limited to their native provinces – to be sold nationwide.
The expanded market, boosted by festivals and competitions, ignited increases in quality and range. Innovative brews – some infused with such ingredients as berries and herbs – flooded the scene. A range of funky new bars appeared to supply a newly youthful clientele.
Another factor contributing to makgeolli's trendiness was that it was partly reverse imported – ironically – from Japan, where Korean cuisine is hugely popular. “In the early 2000s people in Tokyo were looking for a cheap alternative to the wine trend sweeping through Asia; a cheap drunk that tasted good,” said Joe McPherson, who runs Seoul's Zenkimchi blog. “The Japanese liked makgeolli, so the trend was bought back to Korea by Japanese – even though it is Korean stuff!” added Park Chang-hee, owner-operator of Anguk bar Sanchez Makegolli, which serves around 20 varietals.
Regarding beer, minimum volume requirements were lowered in 2002, enabling the establishment of craft breweries, rather than the industrial operations that previously defined the market. Specialist pubs sprouted, with the most influential appearing in the expatriate quarter of Noksapyeong.
Internationalization was a concurrent enabler, with fashion-savvy Koreans reacting to and adopting overseas trends.
The first and most influential craft pub in Korea, Noksapyeong's Craftworks was established by Canadian Dan Vroon in 2010, originally to serve the expatriate community, though Vroon was sure locals would catch on. “Koreans look to trends overseas,” Vroon said. “They knew that craft beer was taking the world by storm. “
International trade also played a role. Korean free trade agreements implemented with Europe and the U.S. in respectively, 2010 and 2012 increased imports of – and taste for – quality beers. Global media, too: The nascent, expat-focused craft beer scene was massively boosted in 2012 when The Economist attacked Korea's bland, mass-market lagers , but wrote approvingly of Craftworks' locally brewed ales.
The article was widely reported by local media; curious locals poured in to taste the beers of Noksapyeong.
Vroon estimates his clientele pior was around 50 percent foreigners, 50 percent locals; now the ratio is 80-20 in favor of Koreans. Craftworks today boasts four locations, including one in trend-setting Gangnam, and sells to some 40 locations nationwide, including top hotels such as Seoul's boutique W. Vroon – who, like other Noksapyeong publicans, sources his beers from an out-of-town brewery which is having difficulty keeping up with surging demand – is planning to establish his own dedicated brewery at year end.
(The writer of The Economist article, Daniel Tudor, subsequently retired from journalism and is now a partner in the “The Booth” a chain of craft beer pubs with its flagship in Noksapyeong.)
A third factor has been a move toward tipples that are lower in alcohol than Korea's customary libation, soju.
“In the past when the economy was bad, my father said there was a taste for stronger alcohol,” said Kang Ju-jin, an attractive, 20-something marketer drinking corn-infused makgeolli in Sanchez. “Nowadays, with the economy better, people prefer lighter drinks.”
“People want natural products and makgeolli and craft beer are natural,” said Vroon. “Young women in their 20s and 30s are leading this trend, they are embracing this stuff more than men: They don't have to go to the military, so graduate two years earlier than males and have disposable income.”
Indeed, clientele in both Sanchez and Craftworks is largely 20- to 30-something local females.
The trend is now going mainstream. Korea's duopoly of big brewers, whose products have thus far been limited to American-style lagers, are upping their game: Jinro-Hite produced an ale last year, and OB is planning an imminent launch.
It could also go international. Seoul's top traditional alcoholic producer Kooksoondang, launched a canned, spritzer-style grapefruit makgeolli last year that appears tailor-made for Western markets. And Vroon hopes that once his own brewery comes online, he, too, will be able to export.
This post was originally published on Smartplanet.com
1. “Nights,” Frank Ocean
“Nights” is Blond(e)'s centerpiece just as “Pyramids” held Channel Orange together with a disco-funk jam that took off for ancient Egypt halfway through. Frank's toying with much less here — just a couple snapshots of lives he's lived — but it's one of few moments where an album that refuses to behave like modern hip-hop throws us a bone and damn near out-Drakes Drake.
2. “How Great,” Chance the Rapper & Jay Electronica
It's a testament to Chance the Rapper's singular church-kid/theater-geek/mainstream-rapper axis that something like this could exist at all.
3. “Miracle,” Little Big Town
Little Big Town are convinced they're country music's Mamas and the Papas, but they're really its Fleetwood Mac.
4. “Mad,” Solange & Lil Wayne
“Mad” is one-half a Solange self-care session and half an exercise in Lil Wayne pausing to enjoy his rich-guy/street-rapper contradictions for once, but it's 100 percent a pleasure.
5. “Terrapin Station (Suite),” Grizzly Bear, the National, So Percussion & the Brooklyn Youth Chorus
All five hours of the National and friends' Grateful Dead covers compilation Day of the Dead are this good. All five.
6. “Congratulations,” Mac Miller & Bilal
The lush strings and vocals gracing the opening cut of Mac Miller's The Divine Feminine are a portal to another dimension I might try to spend 2017 in.
7. “Me and Your Mama,” Childish Gambino
Donald Glover is a nut for going full-Funkadelic on this Awaken, My Love! lead single but also daring enough of a performer to disappear into these wigged-out shrieks and moans like a man slowly turning into a ghoul.
8. “Apocalypse Fetish,” Lou Barlow
Join me in retreating into the title track of the lo-fi legend's latest EP at 3 a.m. every night to calm my fears about the world ending.
9. “Darkness and Light,” John Legend & Brittany Howard
At first pass, the pairing of John Legend and Alabama Shakes singer Brittany Howard shocks — hers is a province of bubbling, unbridled emotion, and his, of stately control — but they meet each other at the crossroads on the title track of his latest studio album for a stunning tug-of-war.
10. “Black Beatles,” Rae Sremmurd & Gucci Mane
The irony of Rae Sremmurd and Gucci Mane's first No. 1 Billboard hit being called “Black Beatles” is that this self-aware, post-teenage relationship drama is exactly the kind of writing we'd get from whatever a 2016 equivalent of the Beatles would look like.
According to Marca, Arsenal have grown so tired of Barcelona's attempts to sign Hector Bellerin that they've sent a letter to the Camp Nou making clear that the full-back will not be moving this summer.
The Catalan press has run countless stories this summer linking the 22-year-old with a return to his former club particularly when he was away on international duty with Spain's under-21 squad.
On his return to London, Bellerin, who is under contract until 2023, met with Wenger about his future after which it was decided that his would-be suitors would be told to back away.
The insinuation, as highlighted by Sport Witness, is that any further attempt to contact or destabilise Bellerin will be met with an official complaint to the relevant authorities about tapping up.
Fingers crossed Arsene's letter will kill this story dead for a while. We're not naive enough to assume it won't raise its ugly head again in January, but for now we can safely assume that Hector will be an Arsenal player this season.
When you land on one of the 18 quintillion planets in No Man's Sky, odds are you'll be the first human to walk its procedurally generated wilds. But you will not be alone. The game's nearly infinite universe is populated by a nearly infinite array of animals. And it's up to you, weary space wanderer, to document them and name them or slaughter them en masse.
This fact of No Man's Sky makes the folks at People for Ethical Treatment of Animals, one of the most recognized non profit agencies dedicated to animal rights and welfare, very happy indeed. After all, it represents a historic break from blockbuster games providing a forum for gratuitous, gamified slaughter. From Duck Hunt and Big Game Hunter to Final Fantasy and Metal Gear Solid 3, video game designers have largely cast animals in the role of target or, at best, target practice.
Not so Hello Games and not so No Man's Sky.
“We hope that exploring fictional planets will awaken in players an interest and fascination with animals on our own planet,” says PETA Marketing VP Joel Bartlett, who runs the groups in-house video game production efforts (mostly flash shorts and skins like “Mario Kills Tanooki”).
The reasons for Bartlett's optimism have to do with specific elements of gameplay, namely Sentinel Drones and exploration.
“Earth doesn't [have natural] help [for] animals when they're threatened,” Bartlett says, pointing out that trigger-happy drone systems activated by animal cruelty in No Man's Sky provide considerable assurance of safety — as well as moral guidance. The “Wanted” system recalls other games like Grand Theft Auto, but here you'll be targeted for killing alien buffalo, not San Andreas pedestrians.
Sentinels patrol the planet against belligerent players in 'No Man's Sky.'
Then there's the element of exploration. Bartlett laments that most people “don't explore, go scuba diving, or snorkeling” to see other forms of life. “There's so much to explore here [on Earth] with respect to environment. I guess this might be something the developers are trying to do,” he adds.
Hello Games, the developers of No Man's Sky, may not have intended to inspire empathy via exploration. Freedom is their gift to give players, but based on multiple interviews a respect for wildlife appears unintended or inconsequential.
In fact, director Sean Murray seems casual about the occasional road kill. During an interview with Eurogamer, he confessed to something he does for amusement:
“I find myself … being on a mountain and scanning and then just destroying everything around me. Doing the usual stupid things of drilling a hole and having an animal fall into it. Stuff like that keeps me amused. And when people are like, ‘What do you do?', the reality is, for some people just that, and that's fine.
Still, Bartlett believes holds on to the belief that video games can be an effective way to talk to people about social issues. PETA's games have, to be fair, stirred up discussion — though the environmental message of No Man's Sky, if there truly is one, is far subtler.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Could the wild majesty present in No Man's Sky be the next best thing to visiting Yellowstone when it comes to teaching respect for nature and animals? Could there be an “overview effect” for wildlife? The effect won't be as extreme as that, but it might be felt. You can't kill the dog in Fallout 4 anymore. No one but the dog lives forever.
“I think there's a thoughtfulness that can come from playing,” says Bartlett. “Not everyone will go down that path, but humans have a pretty innate compassion for animals. This game is counting on our natural empathy, and we have a natural sense of exploration that has been important to human history.”
Two University of Texas academics have made what some experts believe is a breakthrough in random number generation that could have longstanding implications for cryptography and computer security.
Two University of Texas academics have made what some experts believe is a breakthrough in random number generation that could have longstanding implications for cryptography and computer security.
David Zuckerman, a computer science professor, and Eshan Chattopadhyay, a graduate student, published a paper in March that will be presented in June at the Symposium on Theory of Computing. The paper describes how the academics devised a method for the generation of high quality random numbers. The work is theoretical, but Zuckerman said down the road it could lead to a number of practical advances in cryptography, scientific polling, and the study of other complex environments such as the climate.
“We show that if you have two low-quality random sources—lower quality sources are much easier to come by—two sources that are independent and have no correlations between them, you can combine them in a way to produce a high-quality random number,” Zuckerman said. “People have been trying to do this for quite some time. Previous methods required the low-quality sources to be not that low, but more moderately high quality.
“We improved it dramatically,” Zuckerman said.
The technical details are described in the academics' paper “Explicit Two-Source Extractors and Resilient Functions.” The academics' introduction of resilient functions into their new algorithm built on numerous previous works to arrive at landmark moment in theoretical computer science. Already, one other leading designer of randomness extractors, Xin Li, has built on their work to create sequences of many more random numbers.
“You expect to see advances in steps, usually several intermediate phases,” Zuckerman said. “We sort of made several advances at once. That's why people are excited.”
In fact, academics worldwide have taken notice. Oded Goldreich, a professor of computer science at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel, called it a fantastic result.
“It would have been great to see any explicit two-source extractor for min-entropy rate below one half, let alone one that beats Bourgain's rate of 0.499,” Goldreich said on the Weizmann website. “Handling any constant min-entropy rate would have been a feast (see A Challenge from the mid-1980s), and going beyond that would have justified a night-long party.”
MIT's Henry Yuen, a MIT PhD student in theoretical computer science, called the paper “pulse-quickening.”
“If the result is correct, then it really is — shall I say it — a breakthrough in theoretical computer science,” Yuen said.
The study of existing random number generators used in commercial applications has intensified since the Snowden documents were published; sometimes random numbers aren't so random. Low quality random numbers are much easier to predict, and if they're used, they lower the integrity of the security and cryptography protecting data, for example. Right now, Zuckerman's and Chattopadhyay's result is theoretical and work remains in lowering the margins of error, Zuckerman said.
Previous work on randomness extractors, including advances made by Zuckerman, required that one sequence used by the algorithm be truly random, or that both sources be close to random. The academics' latest work hurdles those restrictions allowing the use of sequences that are only weakly random. Their method requires fewer computational resources and results in higher quality randomness. Today's random number systems, for example, are fast, but are much more ad-hoc.
“This is a problem I've come back to over and over again for more than 20 years,” says Zuckerman. “I'm thrilled to have solved it.”
Sections for Louisville Slugger Field's soccer configuration. (Photo: Courtesy Louisville City FC)
Inaugural season tickets to Louisville City Football Club games, which begin in March 2015, will start at $180, the USL Pro franchise announced Tuesday morning while rolling out a new look to its website. Louisville City FC will also form a Founding Member's Club offering benefits to its first batch of ticketholders.
Founding Members — those who place a season ticket deposit and pay in full by Feb. 1, 2015 — will receive a scarf, have their name on a plaque at Louisville Slugger Field and have access to special team events as long as they maintain a ticket.
Louisville City FC president Djorn Buchholz said he's seen other teams, most recently Atlanta's new Major League Soccer franchise, implement a Founding Member's Club.
"There are a great deal of people in the community that have helped to bring this organization to Louisville," he said. "The Founding Member's Club allows us to show our appreciation for years to come towards these supporters and fans who believed in this project and that will have been with us from the beginning."
MORE: Learn about Louisville City FC
RELATED: Soccer president sees challenge
The $180 tickets ($12 per game) are to either the Supporter Zone at the east end of the field — the only section with no reserved seating — with the same price applying to a Family Zone and South End section at the other end. Sideline West costs $255, Sideline East $300, Midfield Premium $345 and Upper Club Premium $505.
Season ticket prices are based on an anticipated 15-game home schedule that has yet to be finalized. If Louisville City FC ends up with more home dates including exhibitions, those tickets will be sold separately, Buchholz said.
The club is now taking season ticket deposits at LouisvilleCityFC.com. A deposit holds a fan's place in line for seat selection order. How to claim a seat and pay in full will be announced later.
All season ticketholders will receive 10 percent off team merchandise, 20 percent off any single-game tickets, first access to playoff and exhibition matches as well as an invitation to a preseason meet and greet with players and coaches.
USL Pro is the designated third-tier soccer league in the United States behind MLS and the North American Soccer League, though its prestige is on the rise to due a recent trend of affiliations with MLS franchises. Louisville City FC will link with Orlando City Soccer Club, of which its owner, local architect Wayne Estopinal, has a minority share.
Jonathan Lintner can be reached at (502) 582-4199. Follow him on Twitter @JonathanLintner.
The Portland, Ore., City Council just struck a direct blow at inequality, passing a path-breaking law that will slap a surtax on large corporations that pay their chief executives more than 100 times what they pay their typical worker.
Cynics immediately scorned the act both as mere symbol and as likely to drive business out of the city. In fact, the law is far more likely to generate similar measures in cities across the country. Donald Trump has trumpeted that Republican control of Congress will enable him to cut taxes, roll back regulation and overturn all things Obama-related, including signature health-care and climate-change reforms. Portland's act suggests Trump's biggest opposition may come from cities and from blue states across the country.
Portland's surtax goes after one of the greatest sources of inequality: corporate America's perverse rewards structures, which let chief executives pocket more and more of the rewards of growth while workers get stiffed. In 1965, CEOs of Fortune 500 companies made about 20 times more than the typical worker; now they rake in more than 335 times as much, reports the AFL-CIO's Executive PayWatch. In 2018, one of the Dodd-Frank reforms will require publicly held companies to publish their chief executive-worker pay ratio. Using that calculation, Portland will tax corporations with voracious chief executives extra, penalizing extreme inequality and raising real revenue for investment in the city — as much as $3.5 million per year in Portland's case. Trump, of course, has broadcast his plans to cut corporate taxes drastically. Portland suggests one way cities and states can recoup some of that money for their own coffers.
Trump's plans for top-end tax cuts can also create an opportunity for progressive cities. New York's Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) campaigned and won on raising taxes on the very rich to pay for universal pre-kindergarten for New York's children. Cities and blue states may well counter federal tax cuts for corporations and the rich with state and local tax hikes that can be invested in vital public services.
On climate change and renewable energy, former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, whose personal fortune makes Trump look like a pauper, pledged that if Trump carried through with his campaign threats to withdraw from the Paris agreements on climate, he would urge 128 cities to join the Paris agreement. “Washington,” Bloomberg noted, “will not have the last word on the fate of the Paris Agreement in the U.S. — mayors will, together with business leaders and citizens.” California already has a cap-and-trade ceiling on carbon emissions, with 35 percent of the revenue generated earmarked for clean-energy investments in low-income communities. The revenues invested — more than $1.2 billion in 2014 and 2015 — dwarf the $28 million provided California cities by the federal Community Development Block Grant program, the largest community grants program under President Obama.
President-elect Donald Trump is nominating fast-food executive Andrew Puzder as secretary of labor. Here's what you need to know about him. (Sarah Parnass,Osman Malik,Danielle Kunitz,Adriana Usero/The Washington Post)
Trump's appalling nominee for secretary of labor, fast-food chief executive Andrew Puzder loudly scorns virtually every worker protection — the minimum wage, sensible overtime protections, paid family leave and paid sick days. Under President Obama, the Republican House majority wouldn't allow even a vote on raising the minimum wage. But driven by the Fight for $15 movement of low-wage workers, 14 cities and states have passed $15 minimum-wage measures. Twenty-nine states now have minimum wages higher than that of the federal government. Initiatives raising the minimum wage passed in four states in 2016, including Arizona, which also voted for Trump. San Francisco has passed a worker bill of rights measure that guarantee workers fair schedules and equal treatment for part-time workers. It also requires businesses to provide paid sick leave. Other cities have begun similar reforms.
Similarly, if Trump and the Republican Congress carry out their threats to deregulate Wall Street once more, states can toughen their banking regulations, and crack down on bank fraud. Or, as Steven Pearlstein noted in The Post, they can revive early progressive movement reforms and charter state mutual banks and insurance companies that offer lower cost services than too-big-to-fail banks.
Cities have already announced they are ready to counter Trump's divisive threats to people of color and women. Sanctuary cities from Los Angeles to Chicago have announced their defiance. In a stirring speech at New York's Cooper Union, de Blasio pledged to New Yorkers that New York's values would not change: “We are always New York. Somos siempre Nueva York.”
Democrats have total control in only six states (Republicans control 24). Yet there are progressive city mayors and city councils throughout blue and red states — from Salt Lake City to Jackson, Miss. Red-state governments can and do try to quash progressive city reforms, as the conservative Ohio state legislature demonstrated in passing a law prohibiting Ohio's cities from hiking the minimum wage. But grass-roots campaigns (Fight for $15, Jobs With Justice) and organizations (People's Action, Working Families Party and Our Revolution, the offshoot of the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign) are driving this agenda and challenging opposition to popular reforms. These clashes are likely to build the movement for change, not deter it.
Trump, of course, still can wreak havoc, stripping millions of health care, trashing America's leadership role in addressing climate change, unleashing a new lawless era of crony capitalism and sowing division rather than decency. But even with Republicans in control of Congress, neither he nor his Cabinet of bankers, billionaires and generals will have a free hand. Resistance will come, not only in the streets but also from leaders in states and cities who are intent on making America better.
Read more from Katrina vanden Heuvel's archive or follow her on Twitter.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is repeating the Trump administration's anti-Iran allegations.
Speaking to reporters at the State Department on Tuesday, he is American top diplomat accused Tehran of violating spirit of the nuclear deal, which also involves the UK, Russia, Germany, China, and France.
The US has recently imposed new sanctions on Iran based on the argument, citing Iran's missile program and claims of “destabilizing” the region.
This is while the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has on numerous occasions confirmed Iran's full compliance with the nuclear agreement.
Tillerson, a former ExxonMobil CEO, said he would seek to counter what he claimed was Iran's “expansionist” policies by turning to Washington's friends in the Middle East.
Iran has been at the vanguard of efforts to fight Takfiri terrorism supported by some of the US regional allies.
Tehran also argues that the sanctions imposed on Iran last month are a violation of the JCPOA.
Earlier on Tuesday, Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani said the Islamic Republic has lodged a complaint with the joint commission supervising implementation of Iran's nuclear deal with six world powers over the new sanctions.
US President Donald Trump, who has backed the sanctions, has warned Tehran of "big, big problems" in the face of the violation of the accord.
In a report on July 27, The New York Times said Trump was “frustrated that his national security aides have not given him any options on how the United States can leave the Iran nuclear deal, [therefore he] has instructed them to find a rationale for declaring that the country is violating the terms of the accord.”
You probably saw that super viral quantum locking levitation video that bounced all over the Web last week (though technically it's been around since summer) in which a team of researchers plays with some liquid nitrogen, a small superconducting disc, and some strange quantum phenomenon that makes the disc hover above a magnet, no strings attached. This week's levitation vid taps a similar phenomenon known as the Meisnner effect to achieve this kind of levitation at a decidedly cooler scale: that of the hoverboard.
MagSurf, build by researchers at Universite Paris Diderot in France, flips the strange world of the quantum into a more sci-fi application, essentially turning a skateboard like platform into one big magnetic superconductor. Using liquid nitrogen, the team turn the platform super-cold, creating an electromagnetic field that is expelled from the inside of the board. It's not quantum locking--the skateboard is too big to mimic that little super-cooled disc--but it provides enough outward magnetic force to float above a rail of permanent magnets.
It's sort of like a Maglev train, and sort of not. But, says SmartPlanet, one group of researchers in Japan is reportedly working on scaling exactly this kind of technology into better levitating train tech. That sounds somewhat difficult, given the extremely low temperatures needed to make this kind of thing work. For your enjoyment, the quantum locking video--which is really cool if you haven't seen it--is below.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Like with many technologies, drones and quadcopters are getting cheaper and cheaper as they get smarter and more capable. And as Dr. Vijay Kumar and a group of researchers from the University of Pennsylvania recently demonstrated, the average consumer smartphone is now more than powerful enough to serve as an autonomous drone's brains.
The quadcopter seen taking off and hovering here is carrying and connected to a Qualcomm Snapdragon-powered Android smartphone running a custom app the team developed. And all of the drone's autonomous navigation, vision-based collision avoidance, and flight stabilization is being handled by the phone, its built-in camera, and the app.
Advertisement
The drone itself is mostly just electric motors, wiring, and batteries, which means it can be built, and sold to consumers, at a much lower price point. The one obvious catch, though, is that you're entrusting your expensive smartphone to an autonomous flying quadcopter which could very well have a less-than-pleasant landing at some point. But that's nothing a little bubble wrap can't protect against, right? [IEEE Spectrum]
A ruthless man whose millionaire grandfather promises his fortune to the husband of a shy herbalist vows to thwart the young woman at any cost.
1. Episode 1 44m Fu An rush to the hospital. Meanwhile, Yan Yun Gao loses consciousness in a car accident and is sent to the same hospital for treatment.
2. Episode 2 44m As Da Feng goes to Fuman Mountain to look for wild antrodia, he falls for Fu An's trick and is trapped in a marsh.
3. Episode 3 43m After settling her grandmother's funeral, Fu An decides to fulfill her wish and starts looking for Grandfather Wang Cai.
4. Episode 4 43m Da Feng orders a finance company to get rid of Xie Hu Lan. Dong Jie offends Brother Bao while trying to help a debtor.
5. Episode 5 43m Dong Jie returns the iron box to Fu An and asks her about her wish. Later on, they trade cooking tips while Fu An cares for her brother.
6. Episode 6 43m Seeing the search notice in the paper, Dong Jie tries to save Fu An and Pi Dan but is tricked by Brother Bao. Da Feng tracks Anthony and saves all three.
7. Episode 7 44m Uncle Da declares publicly that Dong Jie will inherit the company, angering Brother Bao.
8. Episode 8 43m Yun Gao brings Fu An along for the office meeting. Later, Fu An wakes up to find herself disheveled in an unfamiliar bed.
9. Episode 9 43m At the office, Fu An stands up for Kelly and shares the results of her at-home experiment with a very stinky sock.
10. Episode 10 43m Hearing Da Feng praise her at a press conference, Fu An is touched and changes her opinion of him.
11. Episode 11 43m Pi Dan's school organizes an annual family festival, and Yun Gao asks the entire family to prepare for it.
12. Episode 12 43m Da Feng is confused about his feelings for Fu An. Meanwhile, at Pi Dan's school, things don't quite go according to plan on family day.
13. Episode 13 43m Zhen Zhen vents her frustrations about Pi Dan to Da Feng. Feeling Dong Jie's threat, they plot to get rid of him for the inheritance.
14. Episode 14 43m Zhen Zhen is afraid they will lose the 80 billion yuan if Fu An is attracted to Yan Yang. She invites Yan Yang to her place and tries to seduce him.
15. Episode 15 44m When she finds an unconscious Da Feng, a distraught Fu An tries to revive him. Yan Yang and Zhen Zhen go on a date.
16. Episode 16 43m Yan Yang defends Zhen Zhen's honor. Da Feng prepares an elaborate surprise for Fu An that changes everything.
17. Episode 17 44m In order to help Da Feng face up to his true feelings, the Yan family makes a great effort to help Fu An.
18. Episode 18 44m Da Feng and Fu An go up Fuman Mountain for their wedding photo shoot and to visit her grandmother.
19. Episode 19 43m The villagers lend a helping hand selling the Tonghua products, and it manages to stir up competition between Da Feng and Dong Jie.
20. Episode 20 43m After all the ups and downs, Fu An and Da Feng are finally getting married and beginning their journey of creating an empire together.
21. Episode 21 41m Da Feng and Yan Yang have too much to drink. Fu An learns some surprising truths about Dong Jie's family.
22. Episode 22 41m While everyone is busy watching the press conference about Da Feng's promotion, Pi Dan sneaks into Da Feng's room and looks for the mystery present.
23. Episode 23 42m As Fu An looks to her grandmother for wisdom, Dong Jie vows to protect her. Meanwhile, Da Feng is desperate to get Fu An back.
24. Episode 24 44m Da Feng has made up with Zhen Zhen, but neither he nor Fu An can stop thinking about one another.
25. Episode 25 43m Fu An worry about the typhoon at Fuman Mountain and calls the village head for an update on the situation.
26. Episode 26 43m Da Feng goes back to Fuman Mountain to deal with Shan Lao Shu, who caused Chun Xiang to lose her life in the fire.
Gambit continue their strong run of form, moving on to the playoffs in Malmö after an unexpected PGL Major Krakow win in July. During the break, the team said farewell to Danylo "Zeus" Teslenko, adding another player from Kazakhstan to bolster their ranks, looks like a good move so far seeing they finished top two in a group that featured NiP, FaZe and mousesports.
fitch admitted that he was nervous before the first game in Malmö
To hear from the new addition to the team, Bektiyar "fitch" Bahytov, we caught up with the 25-year-old after Gambit's game against FaZe yesterday.
Let's start with you coming into this team, a big team that just won a Major, not only that but coming into Zeus' spot. Did you feel the pressure or how did you feel when the call came up?
For real, Gambit are my friends because we know each other for like 10 years probably. It's going good and right now I'm really happy to be here, to go through the group stage and to the quarter finals. Right now, we are just going to train against whatever, whoever we are going to face. I don't know, my teammates are just crazy.
When you came into the team, what did you focus on, how did the practice go?
When we played practice, AdreN, who is our captain, he just told me like: "fitch, you are just going to aim, don't think about it, don't think about anything, just go and kill someone". I said OK, I'll do it. I did it today, I'll do it tomorrow, it's my job.
The first LAN game you had with Gambit was against mousesports and instantly, you personally and the team, had a good performance. Tell me a bit about that game, what you remember. Was there any nervousness from your side?
Yeah, of course, because when I was playing for Tengri we had a game against mousesports and we just lost 16-1. That's why I was a little nervous because... I was scared. But it goes easily because my mates help me and we won. That's all.
After that you played against NiP and that was kind of a crazy game with overtimes and everything. I just wanted to ask about the Cache game first, where they won the T side 13-2 and then you came back, but they won the overtime. Tell me about that game and the comeback, were you writing off the game mentally?
Yeah, we felt so sad and bad actually, that was really hard to play, the CT side. We were hiding in sites, not pushing... we did nothing to win the rounds. And we just go to the T side, AdreN says like: "Guys, we can do it. Just cheer up and go ahead. Don't worry, don't be scared". And we came back, but we just lost in overtime, which was sad.
In the end, it came down to the last map that was Train that you lost, what went wrong on the last map?
The wrong thing was our CT side, we lost a lot of clutch rounds. And it was about me because I was playing on A site, I did a lot of mistakes, wrong moves, wrong flashes, wrong nades and I was dying all game. That is why we lost CT side and it was really hard to play NiP on the T side. They are really good on Train, on CT side, whatever. They are NiP, that's it.
The game you played now was against FaZe, the first map was Mirage and it seemed like you had the chances to close out the first map, but some things happened, they had some crazy rounds, one of them was the pistol round with olofmeister. Just walk me through that round a bit, what happened and how did you feel after it?
Yeah, we started well actually, the first half was 9-6, we started pistol round on the A site and olofmeister just did some magic, he just pushed me in jungle, that was really scary.
It's the best map for FaZe Clan, Mirage, everyone knows that. We knew that we are going to lose or something, because I felt it before. I don't know, it's probably not our best map, not best T side map, that's why we lost.
Let's touch on the Nuke game, the last map you played here, especially HObbit playing pretty well. What do you remember from there and what was the key part of winning that map and qualifying for the playoffs?
The key was... AdreN said "I don't want to be the captain, I'm just going to be quiet, you do whatever you want" and HObbit then said like: "OK guys, I'm just gonna get them all. Just wait, just hold, I'll pick them all." So we let him do whatever he wanted, we were just waiting and started to win round per round. A lot of clutch rounds... Anyway, HObbit is MVP, he did a lot of things, he brought us to the quarter finals like a big brother.
How does it feel moving on to the big stage, on to the playoffs tomorrow, in such a short span of time?
I'm feeling really happy, it's the biggest tournament I have ever played, it's really crazy, I don't know who we are going to play tomorrow so I hope we are going to do it, go through the quarter finals to play on further.
Steve Seligman is a former NASCAR driver from Lake Forest, IL. He attempted at least fourNextel Cup Series events in the 1995 and 1996 season. Seligman tried, every time unsuccessfully, to make Cup races at Daytona and Atlanta in his #65 machine. But Seligman never made any race and has never made any major NASCAR start to his credit.
UPDATE: Seligman did run the 96 Winston Open and the Daytona Qualifiers. He started the 96 season in his family owned #65 ford. It was sponsored by West Rents and Mariani Leasing.File:Http://img216.imageshack.us/img216/2982/199665cs0.jpg
Part way through the season he switched to drive the #57 Matco Tools sponsored chevy for Team III Motorsports and after one attempt with them, bought the team and switched it to Fords. He campaigned the car in a number of attempts in 96 with the Open being the only race he ran. He had qualified for the july Daytona race but was forced to withdraw the entry after blowing his only engine in practice. File:Http://i70.photobucket.com/albums/i112/Mattswad/Racing Scans/scan0004-3.jpg
In 1997, just as Seligman was loading up his car and prepping to head to Daytona, the police raided his property and seized the home, cars, hauler, everything. Their business was seized as well and he was charged, and convicted of trafficking cocaine.
One report claimed that certain sections of his racecar's frame and rollcage were hollowed out with cocaine inside. Other reports claimed it was a crew member that had set him up. Noone knows for sure.
Steve is supposedly going to be released sometime in 2010. No clue whether or not he will attempt to return to racing in any capacity.
Golly, that was bad, Donald Trump. Where to begin?
Well, the nuttiest part of last night's presidential debate was probably Republican nominee Donald J. Trump positing his 10-year-old son as an expert on cybersecurity because, well, actually he didn't give a reason.
Unless it was Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton telling Trump to “just join the debate by saying more crazy things.” Or Trump flatly lying about Clinton handing Trump the signature issue he rode for years — specifically, claiming President Barack Obama may have been born in Kenya — by referring the audience to a CNN interview with Clinton's 2008 campaign manager. Unfortunately for Trump, the manager said the exact opposite in that interview: ”We did not start the birther movement, period. End of story.”
Oh, and when he said “my strongest asset by far is my temperament?” After he spent 90 minutes interrupting Clinton and rolling his eyes? And kvetching about comedian Rosie O'Donnell, who insulted him in 2006 by making the completely accurate observation that Trump cheated on his first wife? Comedy gold.
Almost as good as when he denied ever claiming global warming was invented by China to denude U.S. manufacturing. Which he had only put on Twitter.
John Kasich's erstwhile campaign manager, John Weaver, put it best, also on Twitter: “A) She Kicked His Ass. B) he helped.”
But this is an economics column, so let's stick to economics, an area where some benighted Washington pundits (Ross Douthat, call your office) charmingly thought Trump made sense early in the debate before getting tired.
His arguments were familiar: America is becoming a third world country. America is bleeding jobs because they are all going to Mexico. The Federal Reserve is propping up markets in a giant financial bubble that is the only thing the U.S. economy has going for it, because Janet Yellen wants President Clinton and it's all rigged. And Trump will become the biggest job creator since Ronald Reagan by reprising and extending the tax and regulatory policies of George W. Bush.
Uh, no.
Easiest first. The biggest job creator since Ronald Reagan is actually President Bill Clinton. Actually, that's not true either — Clinton presided over 6.6 million more new jobs than Reagan.
Hillary didn't even point that out, the equivalent of missing a batting-practice pitch tossed by a Little Leaguer. Her little gentleman even created more jobs, as a percentage of the economy, than Harry Truman in the post-World War II boom. (Adjusted for the fact he served only one term, even Jimmy Carter added jobs faster than Reagan — but with nasty inflation).
Hillary did, however, point out that W presided over the beginnings of a recession that caused 8.7 million job losses and 5 million (according to Clinton) home foreclosures. She had stamina enough, to coin a phrase, to remember that.
Mexico is not taking America's jobs. U.S. exports to Mexico have risen about ninefold to $235 billion since 1993, when the North American Free Trade Agreement happened. There is, indeed, a $36 billion merchandise trade deficit (net of crude oil imports) with Mexico, all of it effectively in autos and auto parts. But most Mexican auto factories actually belong to European and Asian brands, who also make cars in the U.S. If Germany wants to get exercised about BMW making vehicles in Mexico or in South Carolina, it can be our guest. But the idea that trade has killed U.S. jobs on net is ludicrous.
Besides, the U.S. has added 15 million jobs since the employment recession hit bottom in February 2010. And manufacturing has come back — it's just leaner now, creating more value with fewer people.
Memo to Trump: If you say something, and it's wrong, saying it again, louder, doesn't make it so.
America's in a bubble. The U.S. economy has grown at a moderate 2.4% clip each of the last two years, and is growing a bit more slowly this year. The S&P 500 is trading at 16 times next year's estimated earnings, a little above historical averages. And Fed policy is actually less accommodative than what's coming out of Japan and much of Europe these days.
Housing in the U.S. is much more affordable than when we were in a real bubble last, and stocks are far cheaper than early-2000 technology shares, the bubble before that. Instead, consumer balance sheets are the least leveraged they've been since stats have been kept, according to Moody's Analytics. Real median incomes rose 5% last year.
So you have moderate growth, underpinned by rising wages, a solid job market and financially healthy consumers, with normal stock valuations. Kind of like 2007 with housing, but completely the opposite.
The only message that came through the word salad clearly was that, while Donald Trump claims to love his decidedly first-world country, he doesn't like it very much. Or know much about it.
I spent a pleasant evening yesterday at a public lecture arranged by Cardiff Scientific Society and given by Professor Mike Edmunds, former Head of the School of Physics & Astronomy at Cardiff University and now Emeritus Professor here. The subject of his talk was Origin of the Chemical Elements, a subject Mike has worked on for many years. Here's the abstract of his talk:
When the Universe was 300,000 years old, the only chemical elements with significant abundance were hydrogen, helium and a small amount of lithium. All the atoms of all the other elements in the Periodic Table have been synthesised during the 13.7 billion years since that time. Research in physics and astronomy over the last 64 years has allowed us to identify the nuclear processes involved, including the importance of the humble neutron in the manufacture of the heavier elements. We now have a good picture of the astronomical sites where elements such as the carbon, nitrogen, oxygen and iron in our bodies were made, including violent supernova explosions. It is a picture that appears almost, but not quite, complete.
That last sentence is tempting fate a bit, but it's fair comment! The lecture, which I had the pleasure of chairing, was both entertaining and informative, and very warmly received by the large audience in the Reardon Smith Lecture Theatre (in the National Museum of Wales).
Inevitably in a talk on this subject, the subject came up of the classic work of Burbidge, Burbidge, Fowler and Hoyle in 1957 (a paper usually referred to as B2FH after the initials of its authors). It's such an important contribution, in fact, that it has its own wikipedia page…
This reminded me that one of the interesting astronomical things I've acquired over the years is a preprint of the B2FH paper. Younger readers will probably not be aware of preprints – we all used to post them in large numbers to (potentially) interested colleagues before publication to get comments – because in the age of the internet people don't really bother to make them any more.
Anyway, here's a snap of it.
It's a hefty piece of work, and an important piece of astronomical history. In years to come perhaps it may even acquire some financial value. Who knows?
Advertisements
During a 2009 trip to Switzerland, National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden logged into an internet chat room he frequented to cure what was apparently a case of homesickness and general loneliness. According to a report in Ars Technica, which got a copy of the chat logs, Snowden riffed off a New York Times story about cyber-attacks in Iran designed to slow the nation's acquisition of a nuclear bomb. Whoever leaked that story to the Times, Snowden opined, “should be shot in the balls.”
The Ars Technica report begins by noting that, by 2009, Snowden's relatively average existence was “becoming the adventure he'd been looking for.”
Snowden would soon move into a four-bedroom apartment covered by the agency. He'd blow off parking tickets, citing diplomatic immunity. He'd travel the continent. He befriended an Estonian rock star (“the funniest part is he's a SUPER NERD”), raced motorcycles in Italy, took in the Muslim call to prayer from his Sarajevo hotel room, and formed opinions about the food and the women in Bosnia, in Romania, in Spain.
During that January, 2009, chat session, Snowden – who went by the online moniker TheTrueHOOHA — turned to the state of America's intelligence infrastructure and the “fucking politician” then President-elect Barack Obama had nominated to run the CIA.
< TheTrueHOOHA> HOLY SHIT
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/11/washington/11iran.html?_r=1&hp
< TheTrueHOOHA> WTF NYTIMES
< TheTrueHOOHA> Are they TRYING to start a war?
Jesus Christ
they're like wikileaks
Snowden's chat partner was underwhelmed.
“They're just reporting that, dude,” Snowden's chat buddy said.
“They're reporting classified shit,” Snowden shot back. “Moreover, who the fuck are the anonymous sources telling them this? Those people should be shot in the balls.”
Snowden went on an anti-New York Times rant noting that the paper is the same organization that “blew the whole “we could listen to Osama's cell phone” thing.”
“Hopefully they'll finally go bankrupt this year,” Snowden yearned.
Read the full report via Ars Technica
> >Follow Noah Rothman (@NoahCRothman) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Last week, when a video emerged of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump bragging to the TV personality Billy Bush about sexually predatory advances on women, Americans put on their most shocked faces. Such lewd talk of adultery and nasty behavior coming from a presidential candidate's mouth! Trump crossed a line, and he did little to walk it back when he dismissed the controversy as a “distraction” and and overreaction to “locker room banter.” Prominent Republicans scrambled to retract their endorsements.
But while the words on the video were vile, they probably shouldn't have been so shocking. We already knew—did we not?—that Trump was the kind of person likely to ”grab her by the pussy.” We knew it because so many women had said he did exactly that to them.
Over the years, several women—one of them his former wife, and one who was 13 at the time of the alleged incident—had publicly accused Trump of groping, unwanted kissing, and even rape. Others had said they witnessed this behavior. Miss Universe pageant contestants described him kissing them on the lips with no encouragement. Crew members from his reality TV show, The Apprentice, spoke of Trump making lewd jokes about female contestants between takes. Those stories—which Trump has denied—have been out there since long before the release of Access Hollywood‘s shocking tape.
A slew of other women have come forward with similar allegations since the tape's release, and described encounters where Trump allegedly groped them, put his hand up their skirt, or forcibly kissed them. One of his accusers was a reporter who had come to interview him and his wife for a feature on the couple's first wedding anniversary.
Again, Trump has denied these accusations and threatened to sue news organizations that report them.
A Miss Teen USA contestant said he would sneak in on half-naked teenagers in the pageant's changing rooms—an allegation he added credibility to when he publicly boasted of such behavior at the Miss Universe pageant. “Well, I'll tell you the funniest is that before a show, I'll go backstage and everyone's getting dressed,” he bragged to a laughing Howard Stern and Robin Quivers in 2005. ”And you know, no men are anywhere, and I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant.”
A group representing more than 3,000 rape victims condemned Trump's words in the videotape in a full-page ad in the Washington Post on Oct. 11, reminding America that one in five women in the country is, at least once, sexually assaulted—and that most perpetrators simply get away with it. ”When survivors of sexual assault come forward, they are too often blamed, shamed and disbelieved,” the women wrote. “Donald Trump's bragging teaches men that they can get away with it—and your silence means you stood by and watched.”
Is the American public guilty of ignoring the women's accusations against Donald Trump? It's a complicated question to answer, given that he was never convicted of rape or sexual assault. But it's certainly true that the cascade of allegations didn't appear to make a major dent in his Republican support until he was heard himself describing his sexually aggressive behavior.
This might sound familiar: The comedian Bill Cosby was similarly given a pass in public perception, despite accusations from women over decades who said they were drugged and then attacked by the beloved TV personality.
When Cosby's rape scandal finally exploded last year—starting with the comedian Hannibal Buress referring to it in his stand-up act and crescendoing with 35 of Cosby's accusers featured on the cover of New York Magazine—there should have been no story to break. Cosby's reputation was well-known, in and outside of comedy circles.
In a self-critical essay in the Atlantic, the journalist Ta-Nehisi Coates acknowledged his part in ignoring the mounting allegations against Cosby, by referencing them only briefly in a reported piece he wrote for the magazine in 2008:
Lacking physical evidence, adjudicating rape accusations is a murky business for journalists. But believing Bill Cosby does not require you to take one person's word over another—it requires you take one person's word over 15 others.
Powerful people become targets for all kinds of accusations—truths and lies. But the lack of a court conviction for Cosby was not enough to justify ignoring the allegations, Coates wrote. And when we tune out the women who accuse these men, we are ourselves guilty, he argued. ”It is hard to believe that Bill Cosby is a serial rapist because the belief doesn't just indict Cosby, it indicts us,” Coates writes. “And it forces us back into a world where seemingly good men do unspeakably evil things, and this is just the chaos of human history.”
Trump is not accused of the kind of methodical serial rape that Cosby is. But he is presenting himself as a candidate to become the most powerful person in the world—which should open him up to some additional scrutiny. The similarity with Cosby is in his confidence that no one would call him on his behavior toward women. Cosby made jokes as part of his comedy act in the 1960s about procuring drugs to incapacitate women, and Trump felt comfortable talking about assaulting women with a TV personality and a crew, while wearing a microphone.
Cosby and Trump were right: Even with accusations against them out in plain sight and their visibly creepy behavior, their lives and careers as public figures went on relatively undisturbed. They relied on our willingness to ignore what women said about them.
It's not just victims of sexual violence who are silenced by society's tendency to ignore women's words and allow powerful men to control the narrative, as Michelle Obama pointed out in a speech in New Hampshire today (Oct. 13). Trump's words on the video brought up painful, suppressed memories for many women.
“All of us are doing what women have always done,” Obama told the crowd at a rally for Hillary Clinton. “We're trying to keep our heads above water, just trying to get through it, trying to pretend like this doesn't really bother us. Maybe because we think that admitting how much it hurts makes us as women look weak. Maybe we're afraid to be that vulnerable. Maybe we've grown accustomed to swallowing these emotions and staying quiet because we've seen that people often won't take our word over his.”
Deciding whether an accusation of sexual assault is justified is very difficult. Often, the old feminist rule is brought up: Start out by believing the person who says they were assaulted. Because while there are false claims, those are the exception, not the rule.
Accusations against Trump continue to mount, as they did with Cosby before him. Our belated recognition of the seriousness of the situation is yet another reminder of the step that comes even before the question of whether or not to believe a woman: Listen to her.
A top State Department spokesman on Thursday boasted that his department is open and transparent, but could hardly finish the sentence before erupting in laughter.
"Welcome to the State Department," spokesman Mark Toner said. "I think we have some interns in the back. Welcome. Good to see you in this exercise in transparency and democracy."
Toner then burst out laughing at his own comments as reporters in the room laughed with him.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to break out laughing there," he said. The incident prompted Associated Press reporter Matthew Lee to say, "I thought it was an exercise in spin and obfuscation."
Toner proceeded to give a live example of why he was laughing at the idea that State is open and transparent. Toner was asked if he could share more details about the controversial $400 million cash payment to Iran, just as Iran was releasing four U.S. hostages.
When asked Thursday if he could shed any more light on the controversial payment, Toner said he couldn't be any more transparent.
"We generally make a practice of not commenting publicly on the details of these kinds of transactions, such as settlement payments," he said. "We don't normally identify the parties involved, and that's just due to the confidential nature of these transactions."
He also said he couldn't even confirm the details of the cash payment as reported by the Wall Street Journal. "Not prepared to confirm them."
When it was pointed out that his answers weren't very transparent, Toner said, "your point is well taken."
The State Department has come under fire for years for failing to be as transparent as it claims. For example, it took several months for it to finally release the emails it had from former Secretary Hillary Clinton, which it only did pursuant to a court order.
Then, State learned that thousands of additional emails that Clinton erased had been captured by the FBI. State has said it would release those as well, but has not given a timeline.
This year, after it was discovered that one of its press briefing videos was altered, State Department spokespeople said immediately that it was just a "glitch." Three weeks later, State finally admitted the video was altered intentionally, but it then said it had no further ideas on how to investigate how this happened.
Only after Secretary of State John Kerry demanded a more thorough investigation did officials agree to look again, but eight weeks later, no progress has been made.
The 909 is running out of phone numbers.
The California Public Utilities Commission is aiming to introduce a new area code to the region served by the 909 — which includes cities from Walnut to Yucaipa along the 10 Freeway — because the number of available prefixes are expected to run dry in two years, CPUC spokeswoman Constance Gordon said in an emailed statement.
The new area code — whose three-digit number has not been announced yet — is expected to debut by September 2018 to avoid any service disruptions.
The new area code would be an “overlay,” which means existing 909 area code holders will be able to keep their numbers, said Joe Cocke, senior area code relief planner for the North American Numbering Plan Administration, the organization responsible for creating new area codes in the United States and Canada.
The overlay process differs from the geographic split method, which the CPUC chose when the 909 area code was carved out of the 714 area code's region in 1992. In decades past, 714 was the area code for east and south of Los Angeles, including the Inland Empire, Orange and San Diego counties.
In a geographic split, which also occurred when Riverside County broke off from the 909 to become the 951 in 2004, Cocke said, existing phone numbers must be changed, which is difficult for residents and businesses.
Cocke said the overlay method, which places the new area code within an existing area code region, makes more economic sense.
“Having to change your area code has a negative impact to residential and business customers,” Cocke said in a phone interview. “It's not an easy thing to have a geographic split. With overlays, you don't end up having anybody negatively impacted.”
Judi Penman, president and CEO of the San Bernardino Area Chamber of Commerce, agreed.
“It's much better this way,” Penman said in a phone interview. “It is definitely an inconvenience for businesses to change their phone numbers.”
Kathie Thurston, executive director of the Redlands Chamber of Commerce, remembers the difficulties businesses faced when the 909 was born.
“The hardship was having to change the numbers, ergo, change everything that occurs in business: your envelopes, your returns, invoicing and everything that goes along with it,” Thurston said in a phone interview. “So I think there's been more thought put into it this time around and more consideration of what the impact is.”
Marcia Godwin remembers the hassle back in 2004, when the 951 area split from the 909. The associate professor of Public Administration at the University of La Verne was working for the city of Chino at the time, girding its emergency preparedness plans. She recalls the nuisance of having to verify employee contact numbers for those who had suddenly disappeared from the 909.
“Just about everybody had a cellphone, and it was difficult to keep that up to date,” said Godwin, who added she was happy to hear the CPUC plan is to use the overlay method for new numbers.
The CPUC plans to hold three local meetings to discuss the potential changes and to hear any concerns:
• The Pomona meeting will be 1 p.m. April 4 at City Council chambers, 505 S. Garey Ave.
• The San Bernardino meeting will be 6 p.m. April 4 at the Ruben Campos Community Center, 1717 W. Fifth St.
• The Redlands meeting will be 11 a.m. April 5 at the Redlands Community Center, 111 W. Lugonia Ave.
For those unable to attend, written comments may be mailed to the CPUC Public Advisor's Office, 320 W. Fourth St., Suite 500, Los Angeles, CA 90013, submitted at the CPUC's website at www.cpuc.ca.gov/909areacode, emailed to public.advisor@cpuc.ca.gov or by phone at 866-340-6147.
Like the Daily Bulletin on Facebook.
Raise your hand if you heard of Donald Sloan before the Indiana Pacers signed him in free agency? No, knowing him only from NBA 2k does not count. Well apparently Larry Bird was one of the handful of people to raise their hand, which is impressive because Sloan has only appeared in 56 games over the past two seasons. While Sloan appears – on paper – to be a nice replacement for Ben Hansbrough, he is still a player no Pacers fan will want to see on the floor this year.
Sloan was picked up to be the Pacers third point guard, which means he will occupy the end of the bench and likely only see playing time during garbage minutes or if someone gets injured. And it's the injury scenario that would make Pacers fans cringe because Sloan hasn't shown over the past two years to be a solid NBA player.
During the past two seasons Sloan has appeared on three teams, and in those 56 games he has started 11, all with the Cleveland Cavaliers when Kyrie Irving went down. His inability to stick with a team for longer than 25 games is a bit concerning. His defense isn't up to par for this Pacers squad and his shooting is pedestrian. He shot eight percent from three-point range in 2011-2012. Eight percent…how is that even possible?
Either way, Sloan is signed with the Pacers for the next two seasons – making only $45,000 less than Lance Stephenson this year, think about that – so he will be able to mesh with a team for a full 81 games. He will also get playoff experience, and the Pacers could always use him in the D-League to make sure he isn't going weeks without stepping on the court besides practice.
Sloan's signing boils down to one thing: Money. It was cheaper for the Pacers to sign him this season than to pay Hansbrough. Teams need at least 13 active players during the season and Sloan makes number 13.
Welcome aboard, Sloan. Try not to get too many splinters.
Mathew Muncy is an Indiana Pacers writer for RantSports.com. Follow him on Twitter @MMuncy, “Like” him on Facebook or add him to your network on Google.
By: Mirwais jalalzai
Afghanistan's human rights situation remains poor, with deterioration in some areas, and growing concerns for the future, especially about rights of women and girls, human rights activists said.
Reports say, the Afghan government continued to allow warlords involved in human rights abuse and corrupt officials to operate with impunity. The rights of women and girls, which improved significantly after 2001, suffered rollbacks in 2014 due to security deterioration in several parts of the country, reports said.
Taliban and other insurgent forces continued to commit unlawful attacks targeting civilians and failing to discriminate between civilians and combatants.
“The future of human rights protection in Afghanistan is in grave doubt,” said Brad Adams human rights watch activist in the Asia. “Corruption, little rule of law, poor governance, and abusive policies and practices deprive the country's most vulnerable citizens of their rights.”
By the end of this year, US-led foreign military forces will withdraw a huge number of their combat force from the country.
Growing international fatigue with Afghanistan has reduced political pressure on the government to protect and promote rights, he said.
Despite pledges of goodwill and support, international commitments to defending basic rights in Afghanistan have shrunk and are backed by less political pressure.
Cuts in international aid were already leading to closure of schools and health clinics.
Afghanistan's justice system remained a potent threat to the rights of Afghanistan's women.
As of spring 2014, dozens of women and girls were in prison and juvenile detention for the “moral crimes” of running away from home or sex outside marriage.
Large areas of Afghanistan still rely on traditional justice mechanisms that can subject women to gross brutality.
Although women have attained some leadership roles in the Afghan government and civil society since 2001, including as judges and members of parliament, Afghan women and girls continued to face everyday abuses.
Many have been specifically targeted by the Taliban and other insurgent forces in provinces.
“Afghanistan needs donors who will support women's rights as a long-term priority,” Adams said.
The Taliban and other insurgent forces continue to commit human rights abuses and violations of the laws of war.
Warlordism and its attendant rights abuses remained one of the country's most serious problems.
The government has failed to prosecute high-level officials for corruption, criminal offenses and other abuses, while the 2005 Action Plan for Peace, Reconciliation and Justice remains unimplemented.
The Afghan government should adopt strong measures to protect women's rights in advance of the deadline at the end of 2014 for withdrawal of international combat forces.
land development decisions
integrating bus services with light rail
park & ride development and promotion
parking charges
value capture activities
traffic light signalling
locating ACT Government staff in the corridor
encouraging large scale employers to build new employment centres along the corridor
The following are excerpts from the report:
Overall Conclusion (from page 1)
The Capital Metro Light Rail Project's governance, administrative and project management framework is sound and generally accords with better practice. Although improvements can be made, it positions the Capital Metro Agency to be able to meet the challenges of implementing light rail in the ACT. The integrity of the framework will need to be retained under revised 1 July 2016 Administrative Arrangements, whereby functions of the Capital Metro Agency and Territory and Municipal Services Directorate are merged.
Benefits management needs to be given priority and a whole‐of‐government Benefits Realisation Plan, and associated documentation, developed and implemented to guide the management and realisation of the project's benefits. This is important as considering only the project's transport benefits the benefit‐cost ratio is 0.49, with an estimated 49.3 cents in transport benefits gained for every $1 spent; and considering transport benefits and wider economic benefits (including land use benefits), the benefit‐cost ratio is 1.20, with an estimated $1.20 in benefits for every $1 spent. However, the benefit‐cost ratio of 1.20 needs to be used with caution as there is a lack of an agreed methodology and robust data in Australia for calculating wider economic benefits (including land use benefits). In the 1.20 benefit‐cost ratio approximately 60 percent of the project's benefits are not transport‐related. This is large compared with other transport infrastructure projects for which information was publicly available.
Although the ACT Government publicly released the Full Business Case, even though there was no requirement to do so, providing a discussion and explanation of the limitations of including wider economic benefits (including land use benefits) in the cost‐benefit analysis would have provided more comprehensive information. Infrastructure Australia's approach is that wider economic benefits can add ‘texture' for certain initiatives but need to be considered separately when considering a project.
Realising the project's benefits will involve a wide range of activities related to ‘land development decisions undertaken by ACT Government; ticketing and fare setting; bus and park & ride integration; parking charges; value capture activities; signalling priorities; the location of ACT Government staff in the corridor; and other undertakings to promote economic activity in the ACT'. Accordingly, a Benefits Realisation Plan that captures such activities will require a concerted and sustained whole‐of‐government approach to be effectively implemented.
While actions may have commenced to realise benefits associated with the Capital Metro Light Rail Project, without a Benefits Realisation Plan there is a lack of transparency and accountability as to what needs to be done, when and by whom. The implementation of the Benefits Realisation Plan needs to be monitored (with benefits and costs clearly articulated and measured) and at key stages evaluated.
The estimated value of the project's benefits changed between various versions of the Full Business Case, including those considered by decision makers and that presented to the ACT community. While changes over time should be expected, the changes that occurred were made in a relatively short period of time, indicating that assumptions on which the benefits were being calculated were changing rather than circumstances associated with the project.
In order to achieve the benefit‐cost ratio figures presented for the Capital Metro Light Rail Project, in addition to continuously monitoring and evaluating the expected benefits through a Benefits Realisation Plan, it will be important to ensure that project costs are effectively controlled. The ACT Budget will need to accommodate the expected cost of the Capital Metro Light Project of approximately $939 million (present value, January 2016) or $1.78 billion (nominal value) over 20 years. This does not include ACT Government agency costs for managing the implementation of the project. Revenue from fares will partially offset the costs of the Capital Metro Light Rail Project. The Full Business Case identified a total of $81 million in revenue from fares (present value, July 2014) over 20 years.
Key findings on Governance and project Management (from page 6)
The Capital Metro Light Rail Project's Governance Framework is comprehensive. The high level governance and management arrangements, including its governance structure and decision‐making roles and responsibilities, accord with better practice. The Under Treasurer is identified as the Project Owner, and can provide the requisite financial and economic direction on behalf of the ACT Government.
The Capital Metro Project Board's responsibilities are well‐defined and appropriate.The inclusion of the Directors‐General of relevant ACT Government agencies as members of the Board means that issues can readily be considered in the broader whole‐of‐government context, and decisions made efficiently because the need for members to refer back to their agencies for authority is minimised.
The Capital Metro Project Board is an important governance mechanism for theCapital Metro Light Rail Project, with a significant workload. Its Charter is comprehensive with Board accountabilities, roles and responsibilities clearly defined. ‘Commercial reports' provided at each month's Board meeting are comprehensive and informative.
The Capital Metro Agency's Audit Committee is governed by a comprehensive Audit Committee Charter. The Audit Committee has met five times since its establishment, and has completed two internal audits, in relation to the agency's financial management and procurement. The Capital Metro Agency intended to undertake a greater number of audits in 2016, with four audits scheduled to be conducted in 2016 covering information management, human resource management, fraud and integrity and risk management. It will be important for the intended internal audit activity for Capital Metro Agency to continue when the functions of the Capital Metro Agency are combined with some of those of the Territory and Municipal Services Directorate to form the Transport Canberra and City Services Directorate, as of 1 July 2016.
The Capital Metro Project Plan is comprehensive. Workstream descriptions have been carefully compiled and are at an appropriate level of detail.Interdependencies between workstreams have been identified and noted.
In order to supplement its comparatively small workforce, the Capital Metro Agency is heavily reliant on consultants. Many key documents associated with the project, e.g. the Capital Metro Light Rail Project's Governance Framework and the Full Business Case, were authored by consultants.
The Capital Metro Agency has a relatively small number of personnel(approximately 25). In order to progress the Capital Metro Light Rail Project, theCapital Metro Agency has supplemented its comparatively small workforce with consultants. A better practice approach to manage workforce and resource risk for a project the size and scope of the Capital Metro Light Rail Project would be to develop a Resource Management Strategy and associated Resource Management Plan; this has not happened. In July 2015 the Capital Metro Agency did, however, engage EY, its commercial advisor, to develop a resourcing transition plan to assist in managing the transition of the project to the delivery phase.
The Capital Metro Agency's stakeholder engagement policies and practices are well‐documented. Relevant strategies and plans accord with better practice, and suitable staff are actively engaged in appropriate stakeholder engagement and communications activities.
The Capital Metro Agency's risk management policies and procedures are comprehensive and relevant to its activities for the Capital Metro Light Rail Project. The Risk and Change Management Committee is an effective mechanism for the oversight of the management of risks associated with the project.
There are appropriate change management procedures in place with respect to the Capital Metro Light Rail Project. The Change Management Procedure effectively sets out the protocols to be followed for changes to the project, as well as roles and responsibilities for managing and monitoring changes to the project.
The Capital Metro Agency has not had a documented Project Controls Procedure, as provided for by the Project Plan. This increases the risk that the project's objectives might not be fully achieved, or not achieved as efficiently as they could be.
The Capital Metro Agency's issues management policies and practices accord with better practice. Suitable arrangements are in place to ensure that issues are identified, captured, managed and closed, and receive adequate Executive attention.
The Capital Metro Agency's overarching financial management arrangements are in accordance with whole‐of‐government requirements. The Agency's Director‐General Financial Instructions are comprehensive, have been updated, and are readily available to all staff. Financial procedures to be followed have been adequately documented. Financial reporting is in accordance with whole‐of‐government requirements, and arrangements are in place for the Executive to have oversight of financial matters.
An analysis of the Capital Metro Agency's operating results against budget for 2013‐14 and 2014‐15, and the budget for 2015‐16 shows:
for the three financial years 2013‐14 to 2015‐16, the total budgetedGovernment Payment for Outputs for the Capital Metro Agency is $34.4million. That is, the cost of operating the Capital Metro Agency between 2013‐14 and 2015‐16 is expected be $34.4 million; and the significant majority of expenditure relates to supplies and services.Approximately 68.7 percent of all budget expenditure for the three years to 2015‐16 relates to supplies and services, compared to 31.3percent for employee and related expenses.
As the Capital Metro Agency is a comparatively small agency with respect to number of staff it is heavily reliant on contractors for the delivery of the CapitalMetro Light Rail Project. This is reflected in the large proportion, $23.7 million(68.7 percent of total expenditure), of the Agency's budget that is attributable to supplies and services expenditure (which includes contractor expenditure).
The total budgeted amount of Appropriation to the Capital Metro Agency for financial years 2013‐14 to 2015‐16 is $55.6 million, with $34.4 million GovernmentPayments for Outputs and $21.2 million being for Capital Injections.
In 2014‐15 almost all of the budgeted appropriation for the Capital Metro Agency was for Government Payment for Outputs to deliver the services and objectives outlined in the Agency's budget papers. In 2015‐16 a significant proportion of appropriation is identified as Capital Injections to be used for the development of the light rail infrastructure. This change is due to the progress of the project being at a stage where in 2015‐16 approximately two thirds of the costs associated with the Agency can be directly attributed to the development of the light rail infrastructure.
An analysis of the Capital Metro Agency's Supplies and Services expenditure shows that:
there has been a significant increase between 2013‐14 and 2014‐15 for the majority of the Supplies and Services expenditure items, with the total Supplies and Services expenditure increasing by 206 percent; and the Contractors and Consultants expenditure contributes 78 percent of the total Supplies and Services expenditure in 2014‐15 and 82 percent for 2013‐14.
Following the Contractors and Consultants expenditure, Legal Costs are the second largest Supplies and Services expense for the Capital Metro Agency. In 2014‐15 Legal Costs amounted to approximately 13.0 percent of the Capital Metro Agency's Supplies and Services expenditure. In 2013‐14 Legal Costs represented 5.1 percent.
Gateway reviews initially planned for the Capital Metro Light Rail Project, which were designed to ‘provide for rigorous exploration of the project's readiness to market' did not occur as planned. Three gateway reviews were to be conducted prior to the release of procurement documentation to the market. Instead, two‘peer reviews' were conducted over this period. The first peer review was not conducted in accordance with better practice gateway review practices, had no identified objective, was very brief and did not consider key attributes of the project including transport modelling, quantified economic analysis, the benefit‐cost ratio, financial analysis or assumptions used in the Public‐Private Partnership assessment, or capital construction costs. The second peer review was conducted with a specific focus by subject-matter experts over three days and was well documented. The second review more closely resembles a gateway review than the first, and should be regarded as the minimal level of external scrutiny a major project should receive at a critical control gate.
As well as this website, the facebook group 'Light Rail for Canberra' carries frequent updates on Capital Metro and light rail related news.
The ACT Auditor General today released ' Report No. 5 of 2016 Initiation of the Light Rail Project ' after conducting a review of the Light Rail process. It is an endorsement of the ACT Governments approach to the Capital Metro Stage One process and concludes that the project has been handled professionally, competently and legally. It also recommends ways to improve capturing the benefits of the project.The full report can be downloaded from this link ACT Light Rail support the recommendation to create a. For Canberra to truly appreciate and manage the benefits of light rail, significant thought needs to be given to :The Government has already indicated it has started planning for these things, and ACT Light Rail are confident that a formal plan may be announced. Transport and planning need to be administered in the same portfolio.Ultimately, this report has silenced the critics and conspiracy theorists. The Auditor General confirms what many have suspected about the Capital Metro Stage One project, that it has been well planned, and well administered. Credit must be given to the Capital Metro Agency and the ACT Government.
Netflix has come on board Travelers, an original time-traveling sci-fi series starring Eric McCormack (Will & Grace, Perception). Netflix is teaming on the project with Canadian TV channel Showcase, which will air the series in Canada, with Netflix carrying it exclusively everywhere the service is available outside of Canada.
Also cast in the series, which starts production today in Vancouver, are MacKenzie Porter, Jared Abrahamson, J. Alex Brinson, Nesta Cooper, Reilly Dolman, Patrick Gilmore, Arnold Pinnock, Dylan Playfair and Ian Tracey.
Created and written by Brad Wright, co-creator of Stargate SG-1 and creator of related franchises Stargate: Atlantis and SGU, Travelers is set hundreds of years from now when the last surviving humans discover the means of sending consciousness back through time, directly into people in the 21st century. These “travelers” assume the lives of seemingly random people, while secretly working as teams to perform mi ssions in order to save humanity from a terrible future. These travelers are: FBI Special Agent Grant MacLaren (McCormack), the team's leader; Marcy (Porter), a young, intellectually disabled woman in the care of her social worker, David (Gilmore); Trevor (Abrahamson), a high school quarterback; Carly (Cooper), a single mom in an abusive relationship; and Philip (Dolman), a heroin-addicted college student. Armed only with their knowledge of history and an archive of social media profiles, the travelers discover that 21st century lives and relationships are as much a challenge as their high-stakes missions.
Traveler extends the hot trend of time travel series. There are 3 time-traveling pilots in contention at the US broadcast networks, dramas Time at NBC and Time After Time at ABC and comedy Making History at Fox, as well as the new CW series Legends of Tomorrow and Comedy Central limited series Time Traveling Bong.
McCormack and Wright, who are similar age and both were born are raised in Toronto, have known each other for a long time. “My old friend Brad Wright has created a fantastic, complex story with some very rich and complicated characters, and I'm awfully happy to be one of them,”said Eric McCormack.
Travelers, which features a predominantly Canadian cast, was originally developed at the CFC Prime-Time TV Program with Canadian writers. “We're excited to work with this amazing cast led by Eric McCormack. It's all a dream come true for a Scarborough boy like me,” Wright said.
The pilot episode is being directed by Nick Hurran (Sherlock), with Canadians Andy Mikita (Lost Girl), Helen Shaver (Vikings), Martin Wood (Killjoys), Will Waring (Continuum), and Amanda Tapping (Continuum) tapped to direct subsequent episodes.
Travelers are produced by Peacock Alley Entertainment Inc., in association with Showcase and Netflix.
McCormack just signed with Gersh. He is managed by the Cornell Group and also repped by attorney Harris Hartman. Mackenzie is repped by Link Entertainment and Red Management for acting.
Carly Fiorina says her first meeting in Washington wasn't exactly at a posh power lunch spot — it was at a strip club.
“My first job once I got out of the secretarial pool was in Washington, D.C., actually,” the 2016 GOP presidential candidate told Julie Mason at a taping for SiriusXM's “Leading Ladies” series on Tuesday.
“My first client meeting took place in a strip club, because that's where clients wanted to go, you know,” Fiorina continued to laughs from a studio audience.
“It was a different time,” the former Hewlett-Packard CEO recalled.
ADVERTISEMENT
“When I became the chief executive at Hewlett-Packard I was one out of 50,” Fiorina told Mason, after being asked about getting more women involved in national politics.
“So things have gotten a lot better, but we have a lot of progress to make,” Fiorina, 62, said. “And certainly in politics, we have a lot of progress to make.”
Responding to a question from an audience member about tips for young women who want to go into business or politics, Fiorina advised, “Don't let others tell you who you are, what you should do, what you can't do, what you shouldn't do, what you won't do. You decide those things.”
“Look for people who will lift you up. Look for people who will see your potential,” Fiorina said, adding she would dish out that advice to both men and women.
The sit-down with Fiorina re-airs on SiriusXM's POTUS channel 124 on Friday at 5 p.m.
A Fighter with a big heart comes to Fort Worth to build a new playground for a low income school:
A Parent Teacher Association had been working hard to raise the funds needed to build a safe playground for the 870+ children attending this low-income school. A $5,000 grant that the school received for the playground had a stipulation. After raising the remaining funds needed for the playground equipment the school would have to build it themselves. They needed 150 volunteers to do the build successfully. A parent started contacting as many athletes as she could think of. She knew that strength and stamina was what the school was going to need to get the playground built in one day. There were few responses. Professional fighter, Evan Tanner of UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championship) heard about the need for tough guys with big hearts and offered to fly in from Las Vegas to help.
"Your Cause is a good one." "I will be there," Evan Tanner simply stated.
The playground build was on Saturday, November 3rd. Starting at 8am and ending at 5pm when the playground was completed. Evan Tanner showed up bright and early with a smile on his face and ready to work.
Tanner spent the first part of the day building a rock climb side by side with a parent and some teachers. After that job was done he moved outside to the site and just jumped in and moved from one task to another. Seeing each task completed before he moved on to the next. Not once did he stand still unless it where for a picture with a fan.
"Tanner managed to nearly have a hand in putting together every part of this playground today." "He is amazing." "I have never seen anything like it," said a local volunteer.
After the equipment was up, concrete in, and everything leveled it was lunch time. Tanner had a few minutes to get some food in before he spent his lunch time signing autographs for the 50 or more kids attending. He brought trading cards and gave each child an autographed picture writing something inspirational on each one.
"The ones to my daughters say, Live strong and dream big and Live well, Laugh often, and Love much," revealed a fan.
He also signed a t-shirt here or there upon request. The children seemed to be in awe. He then met with some local heroes out in the parking lot. The local fire department showed up to support the build day. The bunch of heroes took part in getting some autographs as well. Once lunch was over he was back at work moving the mountain of mulch.
"That man is a machine, a human shovel," said a volunteer from a local church.
"I guarantee that Tanner moved a third of that mountain himself!" said a parent and volunteer.
"He brought the same intensity to the playground build that he brings to the octagon," stated a fan.
"He has the most heart of anyone I have ever met, a true inspiration." "Not too many people get to meet someone as humble and giving as Mr. Evan Tanner." "He flew here to work for strangers, for free." "He made this day for the kids even more special than I had hoped for." "It is nice to know that some athletes remember that they can make a difference outside of their sport." "I am Lucky to have met him," declared volunteer and Playground Leader.
Team Koken circa 1930. Library and Archives Canada, Creative Commons
Out today is Koken 0.11, our latest major console update. If you have an installation of Koken, sign-in and click the Installation now button at the top of the console to get the latest. Most of the themes have been updated as well, so while you're in there click over to Site > Themes to update those too.
For this release our team decided to take a couple of steps back, pop open the hood and dig deep into the core of the application. Instead of adding new features we focused all our attention on what's been developed thus far to find ways to improve and optimize. We not only improved general application performance, but also fine-tuned the app for each of the most popular web hosting providers where Koken is typically installed.
Our to-do list also contained a number of small bugs and quirky things we'd been meaning to get to, so we rolled some of those in as well. If you'd like to read all the details, or are just having a hard time falling asleep, check the release notes.
With 0.11 out the door we'll now be focusing all our attention on the launch of the Koken Store, which we'll be publishing more information about soon. We'll also be releasing a series of major console upgrades over the next few months, each containing new features and functionality.
As always, thanks to our community of users who help support and recommend Koken to their friends, clients and colleagues. If you have any questions or issues, post a question here. Happy new year!
In 2006, blogger Maciej Ceglowski created a central repository on the web for bed bug sufferers to report the details of their infestations. Since then the site has amassed thousands of reports in a half dozen North American cities.
To the left are the aggregate locations of reports in New York City over the last four years. The individual reports were grouped by year and season in which they were submitted. Each of the regions within the map corresponds to a city community district.
In examining the data it is important to remember that the reports are unverified and all data come from users who went to the trouble to seek the site out. As a result the results will tend to overemphasize net-savvy neighborhoods, perhaps (at least in part) explaining the report density in Greenpoint & Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
In addition, the site has received increasing amounts of media attention as the city-wide infestation has become more and more newsworthy. Thus any increases in report frequency may be more reflective of the site's traffic and visibility than an increase in the number of actual infestations.
An Indian court has sentenced four men to death for the gang rape and murder of a student in the capital, Delhi.
Mukesh Singh, Vinay Sharma, Akshay Thakur and Pawan Gupta were convicted on Tuesday of the December attack of the 23-year-old woman, a crime that unleashed a wave of public anger over the treatment of women in India.
I am very happy our girl has got justice Father of the victim
The woman died two weeks after the attack of internal injuries. which led to violent protests across India and new laws against rape.
Judge Yogesh Khanna said on Friday the case fell in the "rarest of rare category and warrants the exemplary punishment of death", rejecting pleas for lighter sentence.
"In these times, when crime against women is on the rise, the courts cannot turn a blind eye toward such gruesome crimes,'' Khanna said in announcing the sentence.
He said the attack "shocked the collective conscience'' of India.
The four men faced either life imprisonment or death by hanging.
'We did our job'
One of the convicted men, 20-year-old Vinay Sharma, broke down in tears as the sentence was announced.
As the news broke, crowds inside the building and outside the courtroom roared with cheers and applauded the judgement.
The prosecution team congratulated each other, with lead lawyer Dayan Krishnan saying: "We did our job. We are happy with this sentence".
Like all death sentences, Khanna's order must be confirmed by India's High Court. The men can appeal their case to the High Court, as well as to the Supreme Court, and ask the president for clemency.
The victim's family, along with numerous politicians and government officials, had long called for the men to be executed.
The father of the victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said the family was also satisfied.
"I am very happy our girl has got justice," he told reporters inside court flanked by his wife and sons.
Earlier, protesters outside the court had demanded that the four men must be hanged.
The case has been closely followed across India, seen as a reflection on rampant mistreatment of women and the government's inability to deal with crime.
In order to uncover information about the legendary King of Dragons, the Riders scramble to find all five Dragon Eye lenses before the Flyers do.
1. In Plain Sight 23m While hunting for gemstones needed to complete the Dragon Eye 2, Hiccup learns an old friend isn't who he seems. Dagur faces a bully from his past.
2. No Bark, All Bite 23m Stoick and Hiccup are led on a wild goose chase in search of willow bark for medicine, leaving Berk vulnerable to an enemy attack.
3. Chain of Command 23m During a trip to Wingmaiden Island to find a Dragon Eye lens, Snotlout challenges Hiccup's leadership. On another island, an unlikely romance blooms.
4. Loyal Order of Ingerman 23m Upset after learning his ancestors were Hunters who killed off Dramillions, Fishlegs sets out to see if he can find any of the dragon species left.
5. A Gruff Separation 23m Hiccup grows wary when Gruffnut arrives on the twins' 19th birthday to administer a Thorston coming-of-age ritual involving three dangerous challenges.
6. Mi Amore Wing 23m An announcement leads Astrid to question her relationship with Hiccup. The Riders discover an Armorwing that has a Dragon Eye lens welded to its body.
7. Ruff Transition 23m While visiting Wingmaiden Island, a baby Razorwhip bonds with Ruffnut, who suddenly finds herself trying her hand at being a Wingmaiden.
8. Triple Cross 23m When the Flyers try to kill him because he's no longer useful, Viggo forces Hiccup to help him get revenge by stealing their Dragon Eye and lenses.
9. Family Matters 23m After learning Krogan is using a Deathsong to lure and subdue Singetails for his growing army of Flyers, the Riders set out to rescue the dragon.
10. Darkest Night 23m While on night patrol, Stoick is ambushed by the Flyers and gravely injured, leaving Hiccup torn between his duties as a son and as the Riders' leader.
11. Guardians of Vanaheim 23m After learning several Flyers followed Heather to Vanaheim, the Riders must stop them from reporting the sacred island's location to their leader.
12. King of Dragons, Part 1 23m With the fifth lens in place, the Dragon Eye 2 unveils the apparent King of Dragons, and Fishlegs immediately knows what it is and where to find it.
A federal district court judge in Maryland has blocked the government's use of a federal anti-stalking law to prosecute a man for posting insults and criticism of a public figure to Twitter, ruling that "the First Amendment protects speech even when the subject or manner of expression is uncomfortable and challenges conventional religious beliefs, political attitudes or standards of good taste."
EFF filed an amicus brief in this case, arguing that the revised federal anti-stalking statute – expanded in 2006 as part of the Violence Against Women Act to criminalize causing emotional distress by means of an "interactive computer service" – was unconstitutionally vague and ran afoul of First Amendment protections as an unlawful content-based restriction. EFF argued that even though some criticism of public figures may be offensive, emotional distress was not a sufficient basis on which to criminalize speech.
Kim Jong Il loved to spend. The late North Korean dictator may have dressed in utilitarian khaki, but he splashed money on luxury goods. His one-time sushi chef — sushi chef — says the strongman loved Chinese melon, Uzbek caviar and Danish pork. He drank cognac and golfed (11 hole-in-ones in his first round, or so the story goes). In 2006, the U.S. issued a 60-item list of items not to sell to Kim Sr. — no lead crystal, no ski-dos, no yachts.
(MORE: North Korean Atrocities Deserve Criminal Investigation, Says U.N.)
But his son, Kim Jong-un, may be spending more, according to the U.N. A comprehensive report released this week concludes that North Korea's government has committed “crimes against humanity” and should be referred to an international court for prosecution. In hundreds of pages, they catalog evidence of what rights groups have been reporting for years — “extermination,” torture, enslavement and rape. It also notes that amid all this brutality, Kim Jong-un's regime is buying-up loads of luxury goods.
Thanks to Dennis Rodman, we know that Kim Jong-un likes fine liquor, especially cognac. We also know Kim and his colleagues built a ski resort and an equestrian center. The report says the ruling elite purchased flashy cars, three-dozen pianos, and high-end recording equipment. Citing an earlier estimate, they guess that the total state spending on luxury goods rose from an average of $300 million a year under Kim Jong Il, to $645.8 million in 2012.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
(PHOTOS: Gruesome Sketches of Torture Inside North Korea Gulag)
The U.N. team blasted Kim and his colleagues for spending “a significant amount of the state's resources on the purchase of imported luxury goods.” The regime channels revenue from illegal activities to “parallel funds” that are “kept at the personal disposal of the Supreme Leader and used to cover personal expenses of the Supreme Leader, his family and other elites surrounding him,” they said. Revenue from illegal activities, including drug sales, was estimated in 2008 at $50 million per year.
The findings, which North Korea dismissed as a “plot,” do not augur well. There was a time when people hoped Kim Jong-un would usher in a new era for North Korea, ending years of prison camps, poverty and a ruling elite with a callous disregard for ordinary people. The report — and Kim's spending habits — are just another reminder that those hopes were misplaced, or radically premature. From a distance, Kim looks quite comfortable in his castle. Like father, like son.
MORE: Can Cartoons Explain the Horror of North Korea to the Chinese?
Write to Emily Rauhala at emily_rauhala@timeasia.com.
Catholic Bishop Joseph Tyson of Yakima, Washington, has disconcerted members of his flock over his stance on a pro-life charity event. Diocesan officials are discouraging parishes from advertising a dinner being hosted by Image Point Mobile Medical Services, a private non-profit that maintains and operates a mobile medical unit that offers services at the site of abortion providers that including counseling and ultrasound. The organizers are hoping to raise money for another mobile testing facility for Image Point.
An email missive from a diocesan official to the priests of the diocese cited what was called Image Point's alleged failure to “collaborate in a meaningful way with the Diocese,” after having received a grant from the Knights of Columbus. In his email, Monsignor Robert Siler, Bishop Tyson's Chief of Staff, wrote:
“Second, the speaker they have invited, Laura Ingraham, while having a positive pro-life witness including her personal choice to adopt three children from other countries, is a strident opponent of many of the immigration positions held by the US bishops. As such, her visit to Yakima sends a profoundly mixed message to our community. As a very public figure with a national audience, she is held to a higher degree.”
Laura Ingraham is a Catholic, who also is a well-known radio/television commentator and attorney. She is also the editor-in-chief of the LifeZette news service.
The email from Monsignor Siler concluded, “Given these two points, it is not appropriate to advertise Image Point's event in any way. This isn't about advertising future events, as will we make those decisions on a case by case basis and should be brought to me.”
In a post on LifeZette, writer Jon Conradi wrote “Tyson's singling out of Ingraham, a lay person, for her pro-immigration enforcement positions, is a stunning development, especially considering the firestorm set off when Pope Francis maligned Donald Trump's Christianity because of the GOP frontrunner's own immigration views.”
Ingraham fired back, saying that it is “disconcerting” to see her standing as a “good Catholic” used to suppress turnout for the fundraising event. She said, “By disseminating this warning to parishes, the Diocese is in violation of Canon Law and hurting a pro-life group that it couldn't control.”
For his part, Monsignor Siler said that the diocese has not made public any criticism of Ingraham in what he called “an internal communication to our pastors.” Moreover, Siler said that it is not the intention of his diocese to embarrass or pick a fight with Ingraham, but that it is the right to promote events that “best uplift our Catholic teachings in their entirety.”
Ingraham was incensed at the clarification. “So are we now saying that Catholics should ignore the rule of law and that only those who seek to dismantle our borders can speak credibly on pro-life issues? For some reason the diocese is intentionally undermining a pro-life organization and personally attacking me. I would have expected more in this Year of Mercy.”
This is not the first time that Bishop Tyson has crossed swords with pro-life Catholics. He once called off an annual March for Life that had been a decades-long tradition. In another instance, the Hope Medical Group received financial assistance from the Knights of Columbus to acquire ultrasound equipment. Because the grant was to an organization within his diocese, a signature from Bishop Tyson was required on a one-page form and thus grant his consent, sources say. Bishop Tyson refused, and then piled on by barring the pro-life organization from advertising in parish bulletins or seeking Catholic volunteers. He has also barred yet another pro-life group, 40 Days for Life, from functioning in his parishes. Many other dioceses have embraced the group, however.
Reflecting a focus on the needs of the mostly Spanish-speaking immigrant community in the region, the diocesan website features material in English and Spanish, and has “Multicultural Ministries” to “honor the sacredness and interdependence of individuals and cultural groups.” Some priests in the diocese contend that the bishop leans towards the left in political matters and do not agree with him on issues relating to immigration.
In November 2015, Bishop Tyson expressed an open-ness to serving Syrian refugees coming to the United States. While he said in an interview that improved screening by the federal government may be necessary, citizens should not lose sight of the fact that refugees are fleeing persecution. In an interview with KAPP-TV, a local Catholic, Gilbert Martinez said "The church is supposed to be serving like a church, not involved in other things from another country or the wars or this or that."
So far Bright has been both loved and hated by viewers and critics. It has been about as divisive for viewers as The Last Jedi or mother! has been this year. One thing that can now be agreed upon is that a lot of people watched it, to the tune of 11 million U.S. viewers in its first three days. Nielsen recently began measuring Netflix's viewership on TV's, not on any other devices. The ratings company announced the numbers today, noting that the data is different from other SVOD ratings releases such as season 2 of The Crown and Stranger Things. The average minute U.S audience was 11 million TV viewers, with 3.9 millions viewers aged 18-34 and 7 million aged 18-49. The gender split was 56% male.
The numbers have to be significantly higher when factoring in viewers who stream Netflix from other devices. The streaming giant is obviously satisfied with the film, as they have already committed to a sequel. Netflix paid $3 million for the script and $90 million to completely produce the film.
The fantasy film was written by Max Landis, directed by David Ayer, and stars Will Smith, Joel Edgerton, Noomi Rapace, Edgar Ramírez, Ike Barinholtz, and Brad William Henke. It premiered on Netflix on December 22, 2017. You can read our review here
"Set in an alternate present-day where humans, orcs, elves, and fairies have been co-existing since the beginning of time. Bright is genre-bending action movie that follows two cops from very different backgrounds. Ward (Smith) and Jakoby (Joel Edgerton), embark on a routine patrol night and encounter a darkness that will ultimately alter the future and their world as they know it."
Three Men and a Baby is a 1987 American comedy film directed by Leonard Nimoy and starring Tom Selleck, Steve Guttenberg, Ted Danson and Nancy Travis. It follows the mishaps and adventures of three bachelors as they attempt to adapt their lives to pseudo-fatherhood with the arrival of the love child of one of them. The script was based on the 1985 French film Trois hommes et un couffin (Three Men and a Cradle).
The film was the biggest American box office hit of that year, surpassing Fatal Attraction and eventually grossing $167 million in the United States.[2] The film won the 1988 People's Choice Award for Favorite Comedy Motion Picture.
Plot [ edit ]
Architect Peter Mitchell (Tom Selleck), cartoonist Michael Kellam (Steve Guttenberg), and actor Jack Holden (Ted Danson) are happy bachelors in their shared New York City apartment, with frequent parties and flings with women. One day, a baby named Mary arrives on their doorstep with a note revealing she is the result of Jack's tryst with an actress named Sylvia during a Shakespeare in the Park production a year prior. Jack is in Turkey shooting a B movie, and made arrangements with a director friend to have a package delivered to the apartment. Jack asked Peter and Michael to keep the delivery a secret per his friend's wishes; when Mary arrives, they mistakenly believe she is the “package.”
Peter and Michael are totally befuddled how to care for Mary, and Peter leaves to buy supplies. Their landlady Mrs. Hathaway (Cynthia Harris) delivers a small box – the actual "package" of heroin – which Michael tosses aside. Peter and Michael learn to properly care for Mary, including diaper changes, baths, and feedings.
The next day, two drug dealers arrive at the apartment to retrieve the package. Peter and Michael mistakenly give them Mary, along with a can of powdered milk the dealers believe is the heroin. Peter discovers the actual package; realizing the mix-up, he runs downstairs but trips, spilling the package's contents. He gathers up the drugs and confronts the men outside, causing a scuffle. A police officer on horseback intervenes; Peter rescues Mary, but the dealers flee with the can of powdered milk. The officer detains Peter and Michael at the apartment until Sgt. Melkowitz (Philip Bosco), a narcotics officer, arrives to question them. Jack calls from Turkey, but Peter and Michael are unable to talk openly as they are being recorded. They successfully hide the drugs and learn that Jack's friend Paul Milner is also a drug dealer. A suspicious Melkowitz puts them under surveillance.
Mrs. Hathaway is persuaded to babysit Mary while Peter and Michael leave for work. Returning home, they find Mrs. Hathaway bound and gagged and the apartment ransacked by the dealers, but Mary safe; a note threatens, "Next time we'll take the baby". Peter and Michael continue to care for Mary, adjusting to surrogate fatherhood and growing attached to her.
Peter incapacitates an intruder, who turns out to be Jack, returning early after his movie role was cut. Jack assures Peter and Michael he knew nothing about the heroin. He initially denies his connection to Mary, but Sylvia's note convinces him he is Mary's father. Peter and Michael pass all parenting responsibility to Jack, who quickly grows to love her.
They receive a news clipping in the mail – Milner has been attacked by the drug dealers and hospitalized – with another threat: “Don't let this happen to you!” Peter, Michael, and Jack formulate a plan to trap the dealers, and arrange a meeting. Jack, disguised as a pregnant woman, leaves the building with Mary, while Peter and Michael leave in a cab, followed by undercover officers, but manage to lose them in another cab driven by Jack. The three meet the dealers at the top floor of a construction site. Michael, hidden in the vents, records Peter's conversation with the dealers but falls into the room, and a chase ensues. They manage to trap the dealers in an elevator as the police arrive. With the recording, they prove their innocence to Melkowitz and the dealers are arrested.
Peter, Michael, and Jack fully embrace their role as Mary's guardians, until Sylvia (Nancy Travis) arrives to take Mary with her to London. After Sylvia leaves with Mary, the three realize how desperately they miss the baby. They race to the airport just as Sylvia's plane departs. Defeated, they return home to find Sylvia and Mary at the door. Sylvia tearfully explains she doesn't want to give up her acting career but must if she has to raise Mary alone. The three invite her and Mary to move in with them; she accepts, and the four of them live happily with the baby.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Mary was played by twins Lisa and Michelle Blair.[3]
The soundtrack included the Peter Cetera song "Daddy's Girl", which was used for the movie's big music montage sequence, the Miami Sound Machine song "Bad Boy," which opened it, and the John Parr song "The Minute I Saw You", which ended the film.
Urban legend [ edit ]
Shots from the film showing what some believe are a shotgun and a young boy
Just over an hour into the final cut of the film, there is a scene that shows Jack and his mother (played by Celeste Holm) walking through the house with Mary. As they do so, they pass a background window on the left-hand side of the screen, and a black outline that appears to resemble a rifle pointed downward can be seen behind the curtains. As they walk back past the window 40 seconds later, a human figure can be seen in that window. A persistent urban legend began circulating August 1990 (shortly before the sequel, Three Men and a Little Lady, premiered) that this was the ghost of a boy who had been killed in the house where the film (or this scene) was filmed. The most common version of this rumor was that a nine-year-old boy committed suicide with a shotgun there, explaining why it was vacant: because the grieving family left. This notion was discussed on the first episode of TV Land: Myths and Legends in January 2007, and was referenced in "Hollywood Babylon", a second-season episode of the TV series Supernatural.
Danson's character standing next to a cardboard cutout of himself.
The figure is actually a cardboard cutout "standee" of Jack, wearing a tuxedo and top hat, that was left on the set. It was created as part of the storyline, in which he, an actor, appears in a dog food commercial, but this portion was cut from the final version of the film. The standee does show up later in the film, however, when Jack stands next to it as Sylvia comes to reclaim Mary. Snopes.com contends that the one in the first scene looks smaller from its appearance in the later scene because of the distance and angle of the shot, and because the curtains obscure its outstretched arms. As for the contention that a boy died in the house, all the indoor scenes were shot on a Toronto sound stage, and no kind of residential dwellings were used for interior filming.[4][5]
Reception [ edit ]
Critical response [ edit ]
The critical response to Three Men and a Baby was generally positive. The film holds a 74% "fresh" rating on the movie review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on 34 reviews. The site's consensus reads: "The American remake of the popular French comedy mostly works a charm under the combined talents of the three leads, who play nicely against type – although forced plot elements and sentimentality at times dampen the fun."[6] The film critic Roger Ebert, despite noting several aspects he saw as flaws, praised the film, remarking, "Because of Selleck and his co-stars... the movie becomes a heartwarming entertainment". He gave it 3 (out of four) stars.[7]
Box office [ edit ]
The film opened in theaters on November 25, 1987 (a Wednesday). It ended up grossing $170 million.[8][9][10][11][12][13] It was notable for the Walt Disney Studios since it was the first production from the studio to gross over $100 million domestically. It was the highest-grossing film of 1987 domestically, with an estimated 42 million tickets sold in the US.
Sequel [ edit ]
The film was followed by a 1990 sequel, Three Men and a Little Lady. In June 2010 it was announced that Disney was interested in filming a third film, tentatively titled Three Men and a Bride.[14] As of 2013, the film was still listed as being in development.[15]
Remakes [ edit ]
This film was remade as Thoovalsparsham (1990) in Malayalam, as Chinnari Muddula Papa (1990) in Telugu, as Asathal (2001) in Tamil and Heyy Babyy (2007) in Hindi.
An American remake is being produced for Disney+.[16]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Early TV comedy sketch parodies of Three Men and a Baby included a famous sketch on In Living Color where Muhammed Ali, Mike Tyson and Sugar Ray Leonard are played by David Alan Grier, Keenen Ivory Wayans and Tommy Davidson.
In the 2009 film The Hangover, where three of the main characters acquire a missing baby while searching for their lost friend, character Alan Garner references the film, saying, "It's got Ted Danson, Magnum, P.I., and that Jewish actor".
In the TV show Home Improvement, season 4 episode 21, Tim manages to change a tire in 38 seconds. The head racer says, "In that amount of time, we could change 23 tires and a baby", to which Al Borland replies, "I love that movie", referencing the film. Earl Hindman (Wilson) played the minor role of Satch, Vince's assistant, in the film.
See also [ edit ]
Tom Elias (Photo: Provided)
In the hullabaloo over Republican President-elect Donald Trump's surprise election victory, it was easy to miss the fact that in the preliminary vote count, the winner was Democrat Hillary Clinton – by a margin of over 600,000 votes.
Her plurality came mostly from California, where Clinton won by more than 2.7 million votes – exponentially more than the leads Trump eked out in places like Florida, Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, combined.
It quickly became clear that a vote in California was worth a whole bunch less than one in dozens of other states. This was because of the Electoral College, an antiquated relic of the epic four-year political battle that ended when the Constitution was fully ratified in 1791.
The college gives tiny (in population) states like Montana, Vermont and Alaska a minimum of three electoral votes, cheapening votes in larger states, as if some Americans are more American than others. It flies in the face of the one-person one-vote principle established more than 55 years ago by the U.S. Supreme Court. President is the only office affected, and it has happened twice in the past five presidential elections: George W. Bush won in 2000 despite losing the popular vote by more than 500,000. It's happened four times overall, Republicans benefitting every time.
Yes, as President-elect Trump often claimed during the campaign, the system was rigged – in his favor.
As things stand, states like California, New York and Illinois may never end their inferior electoral status because small states still feel the fears of 225 years ago. They know a one-person, one-vote system would see presidential candidates ignoring them, caring only about big-population areas with larger troves of votes.
Since a constitutional amendment requires two-thirds majorities in both the Senate and the House of Representatives, plus ratification by 38 states, the idea of ending the Electoral College has never flown.
But what if small states blocking this shift to full equality were to feel threatened? Enter the California sovereignty movement, often called Calexit, that's had a sudden burst of interest since Trump's triumph.
The rest of America might take notice if it suddenly became plausible for California to leave the United States, taking 12% of the populace with it and imposing high tariffs on all its myriad products, from movies and TV shows to computers, smartphones, cars and car parts, plus airplane components, not to mention agricultural products from cotton to almonds, rice and peaches. That could alter the longtime “anywhere but California” attitude in Congress, the main reason less than 80 cents of every dollar Californians pay in federal taxes comes back to the state.
How serious is the sovereign California movement? Its nominal leader, Louis Marinelli, an English as a second language teacher from San Diego now teaching English for a few months in Russia, says he fielded more than 4,000 messages in the eight hours after Trump's victory.
On Election Night, venture capitalist Shervin Pishavar – an original investor in companies like Uber, Airbnb and Hyperloop One, tweeted that “If Trump wins, I am announcing a legitimate campaign for California to become its own nation.” The hyper-wealthy investor did not return queries asking if he's serious, but fellow plutocrat Dave Morin, who reportedly rejected a $100 million offer for his relatively new social network Path, tweeted back that “I'm in and will partner with you on it.”
Marinelli, whose Sovereign California group has changed its name to Yes California, loved this.
“Whoever can push a movement to have us be an independent country, we'll be with them,” he said. Marinelli last year submitted nine versions of a ballot initiative advocating secession from the Union, but pulled them back saying he would concentrate on a 2018 effort. That year, he wants to run an initiative demanding a special election in 2019 to consider secession.
The USA, of course, has no procedure for secession and no one has tried to leave since the Civil War.
But a serious movement here might provide the leverage needed to get smaller states to accede in changing the patently unfair Electoral College.
All this may seem far-fetched, but so was the idea that yet another president could be elected with far less than a popular vote majority.
Email Thomas Elias at tdelias@aol.com.
Read or Share this story: http://vtd-tar.co/2gIot9G
Image Source: Google
Tech companies like Google and Facebook provide services in exchange for your data. We've known this. But they've always stood by the reasoning that it's nothing to worry about because you're given a choice. Sometimes the choice is agreeing to a terms of service. With location tracking, Google has always made it possible to opt out, but according to a new report, Android has been forcing location tracking on you whether you like it or not.
Advertisement
An investigation by Quartz discovered that smartphones and tablets running the Android operating system continued to track a user's general location even when location services were turned off, the phone didn't have a SIM card, and no apps were installed. As long as the device was connected to the internet, it transmitted the address of nearby cellphone towers back to Google's system that's used for push notifications and messages.
When you give apps like Google Maps permission to track your movements, the resulting data can be pretty darn accurate. GPS tracking can pinpoint which restaurant you're in and that data can be used to figure out things like wait times the popularity of a destination. But we're not talking about that kind of accuracy in this case. According to Quartz:
While information about a single cell tower can only offer an approximation of where a mobile device actually is, multiple towers can be used to triangulate its location to within about a quarter-mile radius, or to a more exact pinpoint in urban areas, where cell towers are closer together... Although the data sent to Google is encrypted, it could potentially be sent to a third party if the phone had been compromised with spyware or other methods of hacking. Each phone has a unique ID number, with which the location data can be associated.
Advertisement
So, a bad actor could potentially use the data that a person didn't even know was being transmitted to discover a person's general location. Imagine if someone who's in witness protection just got a new Galaxy S8 and they do all the right things to protect their privacy. A hacker with the proper know-how and determination could potentially get within a quarter mile of them. But that's almost beside the point. Sure, it's an extreme situation in which someone's life could be in danger, but no matter how unimportant your location data is, it belongs to you. As a consumer with some proper background on how things work, you had a reasonable expectation you weren't being tracked. What Quartz found is that Google's betraying the public's trust.
Gizmodo contacted Google about these claims and a spokesperson told us:
To ensure messages and notifications are received quickly, modern Android phones use a network sync system that requires the use of Mobile Country Codes (MCC) and Mobile Network Codes (MNC). In January of this year, we began looking into using Cell ID codes as an additional signal to further improve the speed and performance of message delivery. However, we never incorporated Cell ID into our network sync system, so that data was immediately discarded, and we updated it to no longer request Cell ID. MCC and MNC provide necessary network information for message and notification delivery and are distinctly separate from Location Services, which provide a device's location to apps.
Advertisement
Google claims that it never got around to implementing this feature, and the team has decided to scrap it altogether. A Google spokesperson assured us that the update roll out will be complete by the end of November.
As far as Google's terms of service go, the language is, of course, a bit confusing. One section reads:
When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Advertisement
Regardless of whether it improves the experience or not, Google has access to mountains of personal data and it's apparently still not enough. If they want to implement this kind of tweak to their messaging, they still need to provide users with some sort of option to turn it off.
[Quartz]
It has been revealed that 55 traffic and speed cameras in the state of Victoria, Australia, have been accidentally infected with the WannaCry ransomware that struck organisations hard around the world last month.
Local radio station 3AW broke the news, after receiving a tip from a listener that the highway and intersection cameras operated by Redflex Traffic Systems had been infected by a maintenance worker who inserted a malware-infected USB stick into devices earlier this month.
That explanation makes some sense, as the cameras are reportedly not connected to the internet. In many ways, it's a throw back to the old days when malware was spread by “sneakernet”.
The Department of Justice says that the cameras have continued to operate correctly despite the infection – aside from the occasional reboot, and that anyone who has been caught speed or committing traffic offences by the camera will not be able to argue that the integrity of the collected data has been compromised by the malware.
A spokesperson from the Victoria Justice and Regulation Department told AW3 that patches have now been installed on vulnerable traffic cameras:
“A system patch has been applied, which prevents the spread of the virus. The Department is in the process of removing the virus from the affected cameras. The remaining sites will be rectified in the next couple of days.”
Although the full fury of the WannaCry outbreak has died down, we are still receiving reports of some businesses battling with the ransomware. For instance, just this week it was reported that Honda had temporarily shut down a production line at a Japanese plant, as it discovered its networks across Japan, North America, Europe, China and other regions had been infected.
The incident in Australia isn't, of course, the first time that police cameras have been hit by ransomware.
Days before Donald Trump's inauguration as US President, for instance, Washington DC police discovered that 70% of its public surveillance cameras were suffering at the hands of ransomware attacks, leaving the authorities unable to record footage.
Needless to say, it would make sense for all organisations to apply Microsoft's MS17-010 security update, which patches against WannaCry's primary method of spreading.
Editor's Note: The opinions expressed in this guest author article are solely those of the contributor, and do not necessarily reflect those of Tripwire, Inc.
Morgan Freeman has been having a nearly decade-long affair with E'Dena Hines, who is his step-granddaughter, according to the National Enquirer.
The scandalous charge has emerged in the bitter divorce battle between the Academy Award-winning actor and his wife Myrna, says a source.
The relationship between the star, 72, and E'Dena Hines, 27, began when she was a teen, a source says. E'Dena is the granddaughter of Morgan's first wife, Jeanette Adair Bradshaw, and was raised by Morgan and Myrna "since she was a little girl."
The alleged Morgan Freeman affair not only contributed to his split from Myrna Colley-Lee, his wife of 25 years, but it also led to the celebrity's breakup with his longtime mistress, former schoolteacher Mary Joyce Hays.
Apparently neither woman was pleased about this. Shocking.
Was Morgan Freeman sleeping with E'Dena Hines, his ex-wife's granddaughter?
The Enquirer quotes a source saying E'dena told Myrna about a night as a teenager when she and Morgan Freeman went to dinner at a friend's house.
"Both had been drinking, and when they returned home, Morgan attempted to have sex with her. They stopped just short of having intercourse," the source said. "E'Dena explained to Myrna that she stopped Morgan from going any further."
Myrna confronted Morgan Freeman, and he agreed to leave E'Dena Hines alone - but unbeknownst to Myrna, the relationship continued for years.
E'Dena has also been Morgan's escort to several public events, including last summer's premiere of the blockbuster bat-flick hit, The Dark Knight.
"Nobody thought anything of it, because she was introduced as his granddaughter. It's not technically incest, because they are not related by blood... [but] Morgan is trying to keep his divorce out of court so all the facts won't become public."
Dan Caldwell, director of policy for Concerned Veterans for America, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding President Trump's call for unity during his speech at the American Legion National Convention and his signing of the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act.
Caldwell said, “Indisputably, the president has been very successful on reforming and fixing the VA [Veterans Administration] and is keeping his campaign promises, and this is an area where there have been major changes.” He added that he has worked in that area himself for years.
For years, “we've been fighting for a lot of the reforms that are now getting signed into law under President Trump,” he said, citing various ways in which the Trump administration is improving the VA.
Caldwell said, “The next big thing is, you need to give every veteran who uses the VA the ability to choose where they get their health care. Right now, you have about seven million veterans, most of who don't have a choice to access care outside the VA. They're trapped in a government-run healthcare system that in some cases is giving them good care, but in a lot of cases isn't.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
We all know that the way we learn our native tongue is very different from the way we learn a second language. A lot of research has been done in an attempt to make foreign language learning feel more natural, more enjoyable. The reason I am telling you this, as we approach the subject of Russian verb conjugations, is because this topic, much like most other topics that have to do with memorization of rules, is anything but enjoyable.
So, here is what I suggest you do: familiarize yourself with conjugation rules, study the provided examples, and then watch a Russian movie or two (feel free to use my suggestions at the bottom). While you are watching, try to pick out the verbs; even if you don't know what they mean, your ear will gradually get used to the endings. Immerse yourself in the language, that really is the best way to learn!
Here is what I suggest you don't do: get frustrated with the fact that it is hard to understand or memorize and skip over the topic all together.
A few words from my personal experience… I have an eight-year-old who I am trying to teach Russian. Naturally, English is his first language. Granted, one can always do better in almost any endeavor, and I am no exception. Nevertheless, I do not teach him rules but rather try to expose him to the language naturally, by talking to him in Russian here and there, and finding ENGAGING content for him in Russian, plus occasional trips to Russia, of course. He frequently makes all the typical mistakes, such as conjugating the verbs wrong, but I always know what he means! I understand him. The rest comes after. Get to the point where you can express your thought first, even if it is expressed in broken Russian, then work on perfecting the rules. This is the mistake so many schools are still making by focusing on the wrong thing! They produce people who can say a 100 sentences right but are paranoid about taking a step to the right or left for fear of saying things wrong. Have no fear! And don't underestimate continuous exposure to the language!
Now, let's get down to the boring stuff.
Спряжение – Conjugation: the way a verb changes form to show number, person, tense, etc.; the way the verb is conjugated.
Depending on the ending,
all verbs in the Russian language belong to either I or II conjugation.
Местоим е ние(pronoun) Лиц о и числ о (person & number) Возможные окончания I спряжение (possible endings I conjugation) Возможные окончания II спряжение (possible endings II conjugation) я (I) 1 лицо ед. число -у, -ю -у, -ю ты (you) 2 лицо ед. число -еш ь -иш ь он, она, оно(he, she, it) 3 лицо ед. число -ет -ит мы (we) 1 лицо мн. число -ем -им вы (you) 2 лицо мн. число -ете -ите они (they) 3 лицо мн. число -ут, -ют -ат, -ят
VERBS THAT BELONG TO THE FIRST CONJUGATION
Many verbs ending in -еть и -ать (-ять)
All verbs inding in -овать
Two verbs inding in -ить: брить и стелить
EXAMPLE:
Verbs: читать (to read) & писать (to write)
Я чит а ю пиш у Ты чит а е шь п и ш е шь Он чит а е т п и ш е т Мы чит а е м п и ш е м Вы чит а е те п и ш е те Они чит а ю т п и ш у т
(red letters indicate stress position)
VERBS THAT BELONG TO THE SECOND CONJUGATION
All verbs ending in -ить, кроме брить и стелить
Seven verbs ending in -еть, and four ending in -ать (look for the rhyme below)
Some other verbs with -ать (-ять), where the ending is stressed, for example лежать – он лежит, стоять – мы стоим
EXAMPLE:
Verbs: говорить (to talk) & лежать (to lie, as in “I like to lie down after dinner.”)
Я говор ю леж у Ты говор и шь леж и шь Он говор и т леж и т Мы говор и м леж и м Вы говор и те леж и те Они говор я т леж а т
(orange letters indicate stress position)
The rhyme below conveniently arranges the verb exceptions that belong to the first conjugation (брить, стелить) and second conjugation (смотреть, обидеть, слышать, видеть, ненавидеть, гнать, дышать, держать, терпеть, зависеть, вертеть) despite their endings (red letters indicate the position of the stress).
Ко второму же спряженью
Отнесём мы без сомненья
Все глаголы, что на “-ить”,
Кроме слов “стелить” и “брить”.
А ещё: “смотреть”, “обидеть”,
“Слышать”, “видеть”, “ненавидеть”,
“Гнать”, “дышать”, “держать”, “терпеть”
И “зависеть” и “вертеть”.
Let's conjugate a few of the exceptions:
в и деть:
я в и жу – он в и дит – он и в и дят
сл ы шать:
я сл ы шу – он сл ы шит – он и сл ы шат
ненав и деть:
я ненав и жу – он ненав и дит – он и ненав и дят
дыш а ть:
я дыш у – он д ы шит – он и д ы шат
держ а ть:
я держ у – он д е ржит – он и д е ржат
об и деть:
я об и жу – он об и дит – он и об и дят
терп е ть:
я терпл ю – он т е рпит – он и т е рпят
зависеть:
я завишу – он зависит – они зависят
Aside from I and II conjugations and their exceptions, there are also special cases (разноспрягаемые глаголы). I bet I know what you are thinking 🙂
Special cases are verbs that take on endings of I and II conjugations depending on the person/number. For example, the verb хотеть (to want) has I conjugation endings in singular form (all persons) and II conjugation endings in plural form (all persons).
Я хо ч у Ты х о ч е шь Он х о ч е т Мы хо т и м Вы хо т и те Они хо т я т
Вы устали? (Are you tired?) Вы хотите сделать перерыв? (Would you like to take a break?) Хорошо, давайте прервемся. (OK, let's take a break.)
I was fortunate to find the site below a little while ago. It has a decent collection of Russian movies by this particular movie studio (MOSFILM). I am giving you the link to the subtitled movie selection; to expand the selection list, click “показать еще” at the bottom of the page, pick a movie & click “смотреть.” Watch something…and listen for those verbs:-)
Mosfilm's subtitled movie selection
One of my personal favorites (A Cruel Romance)
Sometimes the subtitles don't work right away. Make sure you click CC, pick English, and then push ON.
I found this Russian documentary (with subtitles) pretty fascinating (it takes you through a day in Dalai Lama's life). You can watch it here or find it on Netflix (Sunrise/Sunset).
Всего хорошего!
WASHINGTON – Saturday's “Restore Sanity and/or Fear” rally, organized by comedian-newscasters Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert, was the biggest national political rally of the season. Stewart and Colbert had kept the message of the event under tight wraps. On Saturday, speaking to the crowd, they framed it as a demonstration for national unity and a rejection of fear-mongering by the news media.
But many of the thousands of participants had a more specific political message in mind. And the date of the event, so close to Election Day, was clearly not a coincidence. “Vote Sanity 11.02.10” stickers were distributed throughout the crowd.
Michelle Byers was holding several stickers. “Well, they were technically non-partisan,” she said, referring to Stewart and Colbert. “But President Obama and the Democrats are clearly not the fear mongers.”
While there were fewer than Stewart's facetious estimate of 10 million attendees, tens of thousands, mostly from the East Coast, but also from as far away as Alaska, converged on the National Mall here. No exact count of attendees is available, but it is clear that the event dwarfed any rally in recent years.
“When I left New York this morning, the newspapers were talking about a Yemen bomb plot,” said Shafron Williams, of Jersey City, N.J. “I feel like I took a ‘time out.' I needed this. I'm dancing to the ‘Love Train.'”
Stewart, who embodied “sanity,” introduced Yusuf, formerly Cat Stevens, who performed “Peace Train,” his 1971 hit song. Colbert, working to “restore fear,” interrupted, saying that he wouldn't get on such a train. Then he brought Ozzy Osbourne on to sing “Crazy Train.” After a bit of pre-arranged comedic chaos (“I'm not getting on that train!” Stewart yelled at Colbert. “He just said it's going off the rails!”), Osbourne and Yusuf walked off – leaving the stage free for the Ojays, who played “Love Train” uninterrupted.
The atmosphere of the event was far more Lollapalooza than One Nation United, but Stewart delivered a message, first satirically and then seriously.
“This was not a rally to ridicule people of faith, or to look down our noses at people in the heartland, or at activists,” Stewart said, “or to say that things are not difficult, because they are. But we live in hard times, not end times.”
The Daily Show host took pains to appear non-partisan, assailing “Washington” and the news media in general.
During a “debate” between Stewart and Colbert as to whether sanity or fear should rule, Stewart appeared to win – until Colbert played a montage of fear-inducing media clips, showing everything from bedbugs to terror plots.
“The country's 24 hour political pundit perpetual panic conflictinator [sic] did not cause our problems, but its existence makes solving them that much harder,” Stewart said. Taking on the way certain cable television hosts throw hysterical labels around about people they disagree with, he added, “If we amplify everything, we hear nothing. There are terrorists and racists and Stalinists and theocrats, but those are titles that must be earned.”
Continuing his superficially bipartisan theme, Stewart said, “We hear every damn day about how fragile our country is, and how it's a shame that we can't work together. But the truth is we do, we work together every damn day. The only place we don't is [in Washington] or on cable TV. But Americans don't live here or on cable TV.”
Conservatives had complained, even before the rally, of “liberal bias” in reporting on the event. As a consequence, the New York Times, CBS, NPR and several other big media outlets banned their staff from attending. These media received a “Fearie” award from Colbert. Since no representatives were on hand to receive the award, Colbert said, “I am forced to present this award to someone with more courage, a seven-year-old girl.”
Stewart presented awards for reasonability. He gave one to Velma Hart, who challenged President Obama in a town hall meeting on CNBC. Stewart noted that instead of calling him names or demonizing the president, she raised her concerns in a sensible way – through dialogue.
Right-wing newspapers and Fox News portrayed Hart as an African American woman disenchanted with Obama. But she told the crowd on Saturday, “I appreciated his answer, and I appreciate his answer that he's been giving us every day since.”
As soon as Stewart and Colbert announced the Sanity/Fear rally in September, it was apparent it had struck a chord among a public fed up with Glenn Beck and far-right demagogy. The event's Facebook page listed more than 200,000 people planning to attend. Buses offered by Arianna Huffington filled up early, as did the discount Megabus and Bolt Bus services. Chinatown low-cost buses were also sold out, but individuals with cars showed up near those bus stops, offering to drive people down if they'd split tolls. Seemingly everyone who showed up was able to fill – or overfill – their car.
“The true measure of the success of any rally is its intellectual coherence – I'm just kidding. Its color and its size,” Stewart said, parodying the bickering over numbers after other demonstrations, “and as I look out here today I can say that we have over 10 million people! What makes it even better is the color I see, the variety I see. I can't believe this is happening! It's a perfect demographic sampling of the American people.”
A wide variety of entertainers and celebrities appeared, including Sheryl Crow, Kid Rock, Tony Bennett, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and others.
While Stewart and Colbert went out of their way to paint the rally as non-partisan (liberal cable hosts were included in the montage of fear-mongering news media, for example), it was clear that the intended target of the rally's polite disagreement was the extreme right tea party movement and its Glenn Beck-type promoters.
Photo: The Oct. 30 Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear, on Washington's National Mall. (AP/Carolyn Kaster)
An Arizona man who survived nine brain surgeries, one open-heart surgery and has Tourette syndrome, as well as Asperger syndrome, is a viral star after his "smashing" run on "Wheel of Fortune."
'I Did My Best,' Says Student Who Flubbed 'Wheel of Fortune'
#TeamTrent was trending on Twitter overnight in support of 21-year-old Trent Girone, who solved the first puzzle on Wednesday night's episode, calling out "A Smashing Success."
Girone of Peoria, Ariz., says he has been a "Wheel of Fortune" fan since he was 2. He was finally chosen to appear on the show after solving the puzzle "L'eggo My Eggo" at an audition at the University of Phoenix stadium in March of last year, according to his "Wheel of Fortune" blog.
13 Things You Didn't Know About 'Wheel of Fortune'
Girone's enthusiasm for and skill at playing the game LED TV viewers to tweet their support.
"Trent was the best thing to ever happen on wheel of fortune," one tweet read.
"TRENT IS THE MAN," another said.
As Girone became a social media star, he was at home in Arizona watching the episode, which was taped in February, with his family and friends.
"Seeing him accomplish what he's wanted to do his whole life was way awesome," said his mom, Fay Girone, adding that her son, at one point, wanted to replace "Wheel of Fortune" host Pat Sajak when and if he retires.
Man's Mind-Blowing 'Wheel of Fortune' Win
Girone fell short of making it to the final puzzle but did walk away with $2,150 in cash thanks to his puzzle-solving skills.
"So far, going on 'Wheel of Fortune' was indeed one of the best days of my life," Girone said.
On his blog, Girone specifically thanked Sajak for making sure he "was safe and comfortable" in light of his "physical challenges."
The "Wheel of Fortune" star also offered his advice for future contestants.
"My best advice to future contestants is to relax and have a good time," Girone wrote. "It is a lot of fun, whether you win big or not. That is my number one guarantee."
The presidency of Ronald Reagan in the United States was marked by multiple scandals, resulting in the investigation, indictment, or conviction of over 138 administration officials, the largest number for any U.S. president.[1]
Iran–Contra affair [ edit ]
The most well-known and politically damaging of the scandals came to light in November 1986, when Ronald Reagan conceded that the United States had sold weapons to the Islamic Republic of Iran, as part of a largely unsuccessful effort to secure the release of six U.S. citizens being held hostage in Lebanon. It was also disclosed that some of the money from the arms deal with Iran had been covertly and illegally funneled into a fund to aid the right-wing Contras counter-revolutionary groups seeking to overthrow the socialist Sandinista government of Nicaragua. The Iran–Contra affair, as it became known, did serious damage to the Reagan presidency. The investigations were effectively halted when President George H. W. Bush (Reagan's vice president) pardoned Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger before his trial began.[2]
Department of Housing and Urban Development grant rigging [ edit ]
The HUD rigging scandal occurred when Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Samuel Pierce and his associates rigged low income housing bids to favor Republican contributors to Reagan's campaign as well as rewarding Republican lobbyists such as James G. Watt Secretary of the Interior.[11] Sixteen convictions were eventually handed down,[12] including the following:
Secretary Pierce, the "central person" in the scandal, was not charged because he made "full and public written acceptance of responsibility."[17]
Retired Federal Judge Arlin M. Adams served as independent counsel in the first five years of the prosecution, through 1995.[14] and Larry Thompson completed the work 1995–98.[17]
Lobbying scandal [ edit ]
When an administration staff member leaves office, federal law governs how quickly one can begin a lobbying career.
Michael Deaver, Reagan's Chief of Staff, was convicted of lying to both a congressional committee and to a federal grand jury about his lobbying activities after he left the government. He received three years probation and was fined $100,000 after being convicted for lying to a congressional subcommittee. [18]
Lyn Nofziger Reagan's Press Secretary was convicted on charges of illegal lobbying after leaving government service in Wedtech scandal. His conviction was later overturned.[19]
EPA scandals [ edit ]
A number of scandals occurred at the Environmental Protection Agency under the Reagan administration. Over twenty high-level EPA employees were removed from office during Reagan's first three years as president.[20] Additionally, several Agency officials resigned amidst a variety of charges, ranging from being unduly influenced by industry groups to rewarding or punishing employees based on their political beliefs.[21] Sewergate, the most prominent EPA scandal during this period, involved the targeted release of Superfund grants to enhance the election prospects of local officials aligned with the Republican Party.
Rita Lavelle, an administrator at the EPA, misused Superfund monies and was convicted of perjury. She served three months in prison, was fined $10,000 and given five years probation.[22] Anne Gorsuch Burford, the controversial head of the EPA. Burford, citing "Executive Privilege," refused to turn over Superfund records to Congress.[23] She was found in Contempt, whereupon she resigned.
Savings & loan crisis [ edit ]
Savings and loan crisis in which 747 institutions failed and had to be rescued with $160 billion in taxpayer dollars.[24] Reagan's "elimination of loopholes" in the tax code included the elimination of the "passive loss" provisions that subsidized rental housing. Because this was removed retroactively, it bankrupted many real estate developments which used this tax break as a premise, which in turn bankrupted 747 Savings and Loans, many of whom were operating more or less than banks, thus requiring the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to cover their debts and losses with tax payer money. This with some other "deregulation" policies, ultimately led to the largest political and financial scandal in U.S. history to that date, the savings and loan crisis. The ultimate cost of the crisis is estimated to have totaled around $150 billion, about $125 billion of which was directly subsidized by the U.S. government, which further increased the large budget deficits of the early 1990s. See Keating Five.
As an indication of this scandal's size, Martin Mayer wrote at the time, "The theft from the taxpayer by the community that fattened on the growth of the savings and loan (S&L) industry in the 1980s is the worst public scandal in American history. Teapot Dome in the Harding administration and the Credit Mobilier in the times of Ulysses S. Grant have been taken as the ultimate horror stories of capitalist democracy gone to seed. Measuring by money, [or] by the misallocation of national resources ... the S&L outrage makes Teapot Dome and Credit Mobilier seem minor episodes."[25]
Economist John Kenneth Galbraith called it "the largest and costliest venture in public misfeasance, malfeasance and larceny of all time."[26]
Operation Ill Wind [ edit ]
Operation Ill Wind was a three-year investigation launched in 1986 by the FBI into corruption by U.S. government and military officials, and private defense contractors.
Wedtech Scandal [ edit ]
Wedtech scandal; Wedtech Corporation convicted of bribery for Defense Department contracts
Debategate [ edit ]
Debategate involved the final days of the 1980 presidential election and briefing papers that were to have been used by President Jimmy Carter in preparation for the October 28, 1980, debate with Reagan had somehow been acquired by Reagan's team. This fact was not divulged to the public until late June 1983, after Laurence Barrett published Gambling With History: Reagan in the White House, an in-depth account of the Reagan administration's first two years.
James Baker swore under oath that he had received the briefing book from William Casey, Reagan's campaign manager, but Casey vehemently denied this. The matter was never resolved as both the FBI and a congressional subcommittee failed to determine how or through whom the briefing book came to the Reagan campaign.[36]
See also [ edit ]
A police crackdown on bike riders who ignore traffic rules could boost safety and make getting around by pedal power more popular, says Ontario's new cycling strategy obtained by the Star. To be released Friday by Transportation Minister Glen Murray, the 20-year plan is aimed at creating an environment where more people will take their bikes to work, school and on errands to ease smog, gridlock and boost their health.
A cyclist makes her way up Broadview Ave. near Danforth one recent afternoon. ( Richard Lautens / Toronto Star file photo )
It also hopes the province can interconnect more bike lanes and trails locally and between municipalities to better cash in on the boom of cycle tourism sweeping the world. That means more bike lanes — although there is no mention of financial support from the government, which is facing an $11.7-billion deficit it has promised to eliminate by 2018. “Ontarians have told us they want transportation options that are convenient and affordable,” Murray says in the 42-page document called #CycleON in hopes the title will become a Twitter hashtag.
Article Continued Below
“They want transportation that uses less fuel, is safer, causes less pollution and requires less expensive infrastructure.” Murray's goal is to make bikes the first transportation choice in peoples' minds for trips of five kilometres or fewer. In Toronto, for example, about 1.7 per cent of commuters or an average of 19,780 people cycle to work daily. Toronto has been waiting for the strategy while it mulls a rule requiring motorists to leave at least one metre of space when passing bikes. On scofflaw riders, the strategy cites a survey in which only 18 per cent of cyclists says their fellow bike riders follow the rules of the road — such as stopping at stop signs and traffic lights. “This suggests that higher and more consistent levels of enforcement for cyclists and drivers would increase both the reality and perception of cycling as a safe activity,” states the plan.
It was prompted by a 2012 review of accidental cycling deaths in Ontario by the office of the provincial coroner, which counted 129 such fatalities in the four years ending in 2010. “If we're telling kids to go ride a bike instead of sitting in front of a TV or computer screen, we all have a responsibility to ensure our roads are safe,” the strategy quotes Ontario Medical Association president Dr. Scott Wooder as saying.
Article Continued Below
To get Ontario to be one of the premier cycling jurisdictions by 2033, the strategy also calls for: Making sure all new laws and planning policies are bike-friendly, from roads to providing space for cyclists and their needs in residential, commercial and institutional buildings.
Partnering with municipalities to make sure public transit and cycling are better integrated, so bike riders can more easily take their wheels on trains and buses.
Working with the federal and municipal governments on funding programs to boost cycling infrastructure.
Better educate cyclists on rules of the road and promote cycling skills, particularly in school classrooms.
Make roads “complete streets” to accommodate cyclists, cars and pedestrians.
Develop province-wide advertising campaigns encouraging people to cycle more often.
Tokyo (CNN) -- Japan's Health Ministry reported Tuesday finding radioactive materials at levels "drastically exceeding legal limits" in 11 types of vegetable grown in Fukushima Prefecture, including broccoli and cabbage, according to Kyodo News Agency.
None of the vegetables has been shipped since Monday, it said.
The news agency, citing the ministry, said, "If a person eats 100 grams (3 1/2 ounces) of the vegetable with the largest detected amount of radioactive materials for about 10 days, it would be equal to ingesting half the amount of radiation a person typically receives from the natural environment in a year.
"If a person keeps eating the vegetable at the same pace, the amount of radiation intake could exceed the amount deemed safe."
Prime Minister Naoto Kan asked Ibaraki Prefecture -- near the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant -- to suspend shipments of raw milk and parsley, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Wednesday.
And the government of Fukushima Prefecture told residents not to eat leafy vegetables, he added.
"Even if you do eat these food items now, it's not going to cause any human health problems right away, and these levels are not high, so it would not cause any health problems over the longer term," he said.
But, as the radiation levels continue to rise, "we are looking at the possibility of levels reaching levels that may harm human health," he said.
A spokeswoman for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday said it has issued an import alert covering milk, milk products, fresh vegetables and fruit from any of four prefectures near the Japanese reactors -- Fukushima, Ibaraki, Tochigi and Gunma. Under the alert, those products will be prevented from entering the United States.
Other food products from one of those prefectures will be diverted for testing, she said.
But the Environmental Protection Agency said its air monitors -- three in California and one in Washington -- have detected levels of radiation that were "millions of times below levels of concern."
Meanwhile, the process of getting Americans out of the stricken region continued Tuesday. Seven charter flights left Japan Tuesday carrying about 1,800 military dependents voluntarily evacuating from Atsugi Naval Air Facility, Yokoda Air Base and Mesawa Air Base. Some of the flights were bound for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and the rest to Travis Air Force Base in California.
As the Navy continues to distribute potassium iodide to personnel, the service is instructing sailors who have come within 100 miles of the damaged reactor to take the pills, said Cmdr. Danny Hernandez.
That recommendation clashes with one issued Monday by the State Department, which said it was making available supplies of the pills to U.S. government-related personnel in Japan, but that the distribution was being carried out only as a precaution. "No one should take KI at this time," it said, referring to the salt by its chemical formula.
The State Department did not immediately return a call seeking an explanation for the divergent recommendations.
The salt protects the thyroid gland from radioactive iodine but can result in side effects, especially among people with allergies to iodine and shellfish and those who have kidney disease, certain skin disorders and thyroid problems, according to the Johns Hopkins Office of Critical Event Preparedness and Response.
The National Police Agency reported Tuesday that the disaster has killed at least 9,301 people and left at least 13,786 missing, many of them killed when a wall of water swept over them after the quake. Another 2,722 were injured.
Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been checked for radiation levels. TV Asahi aired what it said were the first interviews with workers, which were conducted Tuesday from Iwaki City in Fukushima Prefecture, where they have been billeted.
"It has settled down quite a lot compared to the beginning and we could even begin to see a bright hope that maybe it would somehow work out in a little bit," said one man.
"We are constantly switching over all the time, since the work cannot be stopped," said another.
Neither man was identified by name.
As for the plant's six reactors, Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency official Hidehiko Nishiyama said Wednesday that power had been connected to reactor No. 1 and fire trucks were being used to inject seawater into the core to cool it.
The International Atomic Energy Agency reported Tuesday that coolant in the unit was covering only about half of the fuel rods in reactor Nos., 1, 2 and 3 and that Japanese officials believe their cores have been damaged.
In the No. 2 reactor, power had not been restored, but the core was stable and workers were continuing to inject seawater into the spent-fuel storage pool, he said.
The IAEA said that, after an explosion March 15, officials expressed concern that the containment vessel may no longer be intact.
In the No. 3 reactor, electricity has been restored to the central control room and the Tokyo Fire Department was expected to start spraying water into the spent-fuel storage pool beginning at 4 p.m. Wednesday, Nishiyama said.
The No. 3 reactor has been a priority for authorities trying to contain damage to the plant and stave off a possible meltdown. Its fuel includes plutonium mixed with the uranium in its fuel rods, which experts say could cause more harm than regular uranium fuels in the event of a meltdown.
In the No. 4 reactor, power was connected to the control board; because the reactor has no fuel rods, the focus was on continuing spraying rods in the spent-fuel pool, he said.
Power has also been connected to the No. 5 and No. 6 reactors, he said.
Officials say some radiation has been released from the crippled plant since the quake and tsunami. And with the nuclear plant's six reactors in various states of disrepair, concerns have mounted over a potentially larger release of radioactive material from the facility, located about 240 kilometers (150 miles) north of Tokyo.
Restoration of power may not solve the cooling problems. TEPCO said Monday the quake and tsunami had damaged pumps and other gear at units No. 1 through No. 4. The company said spare parts were being brought in to make the repairs.
The coolant pools contain used fuel rods that are radioactive and generate heat. Authorities have been working to keep the pools full to prevent the rods from being exposed and releasing radiation.
About 660 workers were at the site Tuesday, TEPCO said. About 330 of those were employees of the power company.
Several countries, including the United States, have urged citizens living within 80 kilometers (50 miles) of the plant to evacuate or stay indoors.
CNN's Matt Smith, Larry Shaughnessy and Whitney Hurst contributed to this report.
YouTube Networks: 7 Things You Need to Know
Over the course of the last year, we've been fielding increasing requests from people wanting to know about potentially joining a YouTube Network – Maker, Machinima, Revision3, to name a few. These networks can do a lot of things. Among their services are providing you with production support, helping link you as a creator with brands and finding brand deals, and an increased (usually flat rate) CPM. What they ask for in exchange varies – some ask to own your content, others ask to take a percentage of your revenue, and others may ask you to work with their other artists.
Online video “networks” bear striking similarities to the old Hollywood studio system in the 20s (Danny Zappin straight up says that's basically what Maker is in this Fast Company article). Studios back then strove to do two things – first, to bring together a bunch of creatives and their means of production under one roof and own their content, and second, to control the means of distribution of that content. The same can essentially be said for how online networks are operating today – except that the control of the distribution is very easy for them (the studio system basically got sued trying to do that and that's why theater chains aren't owned by Universal Pictures or Paramount)
A good summary of these networks and what they do can be found here.
I consider what I'm about to say as essential advice for anybody who is approached by these networks or is interested in joining these networks. I am writing the following because I'm tired of seeing people get screwed by their contracts, or entering into legally binding relationships without fully understanding the implications of their actions. And most importantly – if we, the creators, band together and act as a unified front, we won't be bullied by ridiculous contracts and business practices online – practices that have been, even by the standards of the entertainment industry, shockingly predatory.
Simply put, if we all follow the advice below, that means better deals for everybody.
Additionally, if you are not being pursued by a network or have no interest in joining a network, take a gander at this article anyway. We cover a lot of the mentality behind treating online video production as a business, and some of our tips may be helpful in a broader sense.
Before we begin, I strongly recommend you pick up a copy of Fisher and Ury's Getting to Yes: Negotiating Agreement Without Giving In. It's an invaluable manual for how to conduct yourself in a negotiation (which is what you'll be doing with these networks).
Please note, before we continue – the following does not constitute legal advice. It's for informational purposes only. If you need legal advice, you need an actual lawyer, which I am most certainly not.
In the interest of full disclosure – the FreddieW channel is represented by Collective Digital Studios. We followed all our own advice when we talked about signing on with them, and because of that, we've been very happy with our relationship.
Enough chit-chat – here are the 7 things you absolutely must know if you're dealing with a Network.
Challenging The Whiteness Of Public Radio
Enlarge this image toggle caption Linda Tindal/Courtesy of Linda Tindal/Courtesy of Linda Tindal
Editor's Note: This essay originally appeared on Transom.org, with a shorter version published on BuzzFeed. Author Chenjerai Kumanyika will join Code Switch — along with African-American public radio journalists — in a Twitter chat Thursday moderated by lead blogger Gene Demby. Join Code Switch at 6:30 p.m. ET.
Follow the conversation using the hashtag #PubRadiovoice:
Chenjerai Kumanyika (@catchatweetdown) — assistant professor, Clemson University
Sam Sanders (@samsanders) — general assignment reporter, NPR
Celeste Headlee (@CelesteHeadelee) — host, Georgia Public Radio
Maxie Jackson (@Maxiewcpn) — station manager, WCPN
Joshua Johnson (@jejohnson322) — newscaster, KQED
Audie Cornish (@npraudie) — host, NPR's All Things Considered
A.C. Valdez (@ACVTweets) — senior producer, Latino USA
My piece was about a fisherman who manages the tuna club of Avalon. But while editing my script aloud, I realized I was also imagining another voice, one that sounded more white, saying my piece.
Without being directly told, people like me learn that our way of speaking isn't professional. And you start to imitate the standard or even hide the distinctive features of your own voice. This is one of the reasons that some of my black and brown friends refuse to listen to some of my favorite radio shows despite my most passionate efforts.
Listen to Chenjerai's rap voice 0:07
This really affected me as I was producing my Transom piece. Sometimes I speak in a voice I'm using right now, but as a hip-hop artist, I use a very different voice. Check out this verse I wrote right after I found out no one would be indicted for Eric Garner's death.
So the question is: How can I bring that kind of voice into my efforts as a radio producer, right? Now compare that to how I sounded on my first piece for the Transom workshop.
Listen to Chenjerai's Radio Voice 6:14
"Fisherman, with a capital 'f'." What does that even mean?
What bothers me most is the way I'm inhabiting my own personality. My voice sounds too high and all the rounded corners of slang are squared off. It's like I don't even recognize myself. Who am I? Just as an experiment, I re-recorded part of that piece to see how a relaxed, sort of less code-switched style of narration might sound.
Rap Voice Meets Radio Script 0:10
I'm not sure how much more effective it is, but I feel better listening to it. My voice is calmer, but hopefully not boring. Overall, it's like I feel more centered and I sound more like myself rather than myself pretending to be a public radio host.
Of course, it's not just about what potential journalists face. It's also about the audience, and the mission of public radio. Different hosts with different voices tell different kinds of stories. And vocal styles communicate important dimensions of human experience.
What are we missing out on by not hearing the full range of those voices? Let me give you an example of what I'm talking about. My wife and I spent some time in Ferguson, Missouri from August and November 2014. I was standing on the block where Darren Wilson killed Michael Brown and I asked one young man why he thought there had been such an uprising in Ferguson.
He reminded me that Michael Brown's body had laid in the street for four and half hours before being picked up. Of course I had heard this before in the news but this young brother made me feel it. No one was there to translate. Instead, he carefully told the story his own way. I felt the weight of Michael Brown's body and the weight of so many other young lives in this young man's voice.
So what do we do? We really have to think about who is the public in "public media". The demographics of race and ethnicity are changing in the United States. The sound of public media must reflect that diversity. So get on it. It's time to make moves.
Overview (5)
Mini Bio (1)
Spouse (3)
trademark (4)
Known for playing oblivious or immoral characters
His character Chick Hazard P.I.
Unflappable confidence
Game show announcer voice
Trivia (45)
Created artwork for Poco 's 1978 album "Legend". Painted the cover for the album "America's Greatest Hits: History". He was credited as "Phil Hartmann". The signature "hartmann" is also on the artwork. Designed logo for the folk rock band Crosby Stills & Nash . Designed and drew the cover to the Firesign Theatre's 1980 album "The Fighting Clowns".
Had two children with Brynn Hartman : Sean Edward (b. 1987) and Birgen Hartman (b. 1992), who were raised by Brynn's sister Katherine and her husband Michael Wright in Eau Claire, Wisconsin after the deaths of their parents.
Joined the comedy troupe The Groundlings in 1975 where he met Jon Lovitz and Paul Reubens
Majored in graphic design at California State University.
Was born Canadian, but became a United States citizen in the early 1990s.
Was originally chosen to do the voice of Zapp Brannigan on the animated series Futurama (1999). After his death, the role went to Billy West
Was one of eight siblings born into a Catholic family that migrated to the United States from Canada in the 1950s.
Died the same month as Frank Sinatra , whom he had many times impersonated on Saturday Night Live (1975).
He is not related to cartoonist Butch Hartman , contrary to popular belief.
When Phil Hartman died in 1998, it was necessary to write into the storyline of the television series NewsRadio (1995) that his anchorman character Bill McNeal had died. When that episode was being filmed, the cast and crew had to stop and restart a number of times because they continually broke out in tears.
According to The Simpsons (1989) creator Matt Groening , Hartman wanted to make a live action film out of Troy McClure, his character on the show.
Attended Westchester High School with Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme.
The character of Philip J. Fry on the animated series Futurama (1999) is named for him.
Before every appearance on Saturday Night Live (1975), he would say the Lord's Prayer to calm himself.
Was originally signed on to play the role of Zapp Brannigan on the animated series Futurama (1999) before his death. The role instead went to Billy West , whose main character, Phillip J. Fry, was named for him.
Because he helped create the character Pee-Wee Herman, Phil was asked to co-write Pee-wee's Big Adventure (1985) and he accepted.
Over the course of 9 seasons of Phil on The Simpsons (1989), he voiced 19 characters. His regulars Troy McClure and Lionel Hutz, and his one-time characters Moses, The Cable Guy, Plato, The Stockbroker, Horrace, Smooth Jimmy Apollo, Lyle Lanely, Duff Gardens Announcer, Security Guard 2, Mandy Patinkin, FNL announcer, Mr. Muntz, Conover, Charlton Heston, Doctor on Review Board Commitee and Bill Clinton
In a television interview, Hartman stated that he believed what clinched the Saturday Night Live (1975) audition for him was when he was asked if there was anything else he wanted to show them. He replied that he could do any dialect. If they could name the dialect, he could do it. Dennis Miller was watching his audition, and shouted out, "Do French!". Hartman's reply was, "I don't do that.".
He was, by far, the most prolific "guest star" on The Simpsons (1989), having been in 53 episodes before his death.
Before he became famous, appeared on The Dating Game (1965) as one of the three competing eligible bachelors. He was chosen by the bachelorette but, according to Hartman, she did not show up for their date.
Spoke fluent German. A video once circulated of him doing a stand-up routine in German.
Planned to star in his own variety show titled "The Phil Show" after leaving "SNL" but NBC scrapped the project.
Planned a movie based on his character Chick Hazard, Private Eye but the project fell through.
Wrote a comedy-horror screenplay titled "Mr. Fix-It". Robert Zemeckis was to produce with Gil Bettman directing. But Zemeckis was unable to get financing and the project stalled.
On his last Saturday Night Live performance, he serenaded Chris Farley
Was close friends with fellow SNL cast member Jan Hooks
As a mark of respect, Lionel Hutz and Troy McClure, his characters on The Simpsons (1989), were written out of the series and have not been seen or mentioned since.
Rehearsals for The Simpsons (1989) were cancelled on the day his death was announced.
Despite being known for playing boorish characters, he had a reputation as one of the nicest, most well-liked actors in Hollywood with many of his co-stars and directors describing him as a true professional and a joy to work with.
Managed a graphic design business before acting and designed over forty album covers, including the logo for Crosby Stills & Nash
Did not start acting until he was 27 years old.
He was cremated after death and his ashes were scattered over Santa Catalina Island's Emerald Bay.
Posthumously received a Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6600 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood, California on August 26, 2014.
Posthumously received a star on Canada's Walk of Fame in Toronto, Ontario in 2012.
Was the subject of a 2014 biography, You Might Remember Me, taking its title from Hartman's Simpsons catchphrase. The book reports that he removed the extra "n" from his surname to improve his i-ching number. Also, while Frank Sinatra came to enjoy Hartman's impersonation once it met with his daughter Tina's approval, Bill Clinton had more mixed feelings, sending him a photo with the inscription "you're not the president, but you play one on TV and you're OK - mostly".
Also well known for his voice work on commercials and cartoons. He was probably most well known for the voices of Troy McClure and Lionel Hutz on the animated comedy The Simpsons (1989). He also provided other minor voices for The Simpsons (1989). Phil left Saturday Night Live (1975) in 1994, and in 1995, was cast in the critically acclaimed NBC show NewsRadio (1995) as arrogant radio show host Bill McNeal.
On his last appearance on Saturday Night Live his send-off included him serenading Chris Farley. Both actors would die six months apart from each other.
His death occurred only five days after the Seattle International Film Festival premiered Disney's English dub of Kiki's Delivery Service (1989), in which he gave one of his last performances.
Personal Quotes (10)
I'm 49-years-old and I'm cautious of the fact that very few people in comedy have careers after age 50. I think there's a notion in our society, and it is may be valid, that people aren't as funny when they get older. It's a stigma still attached to the rebelliousness of youth. I do believe that sooner or later I'll get those great roles like Gary Sinise 's part in Forrest Gump (1994) or Tommy Lee Jones ' as Two-Face in Batman Forever (1995).
I started doing Clinton and then I was on the cover of TV Guide. I became... a household name... I didn't have to look for work any more. Work came to me.
I benefit from the Mr. Potato Head syndrome. Put a wig and a nose and glasses on me, and I disappear.
(On the 1991 arrest of Paul Reubens (Pee-Wee Herman) for indecent exposure): The loss he took for what allegedly happened is the equivalent of somebody's getting 20 years for having a joint in their wallet.
I still don't speak to Paul Reubens . We just had a falling out and never put it back together.
I'm a really big fan of Bill Murray . He's been a great influence on me - when he did that smarmy thing in Ghostbusters (1984), then the same sort of thing in Groundhog Day (1993). I tried to imitate it. I couldn't. I wasn't good enough. But I discovered an element of something else, so in a sick kind of way I made myself a career by doing a bad imitation of another comic. I know who I am as a person, but as a comic actor I'm still trying to figure it out.
It's fun coming in as the second or third lead. If the movie or TV show bombs, you aren't to blame.
[on appearing on The Dating Game (1965)] I won... What did it? She asked me, if I was a street sign, what would I be? I said, "Slippery when wet." Yes, and as you might have expected, she stood me up.
I've served the same role that Dan Aykroyd did. The average guy who you could put wigs and glasses and noses on and make into a lot of different things. I've been sympathetic dads, scary attorneys, insane killers and Frank Sinatra , who is sort of an amalgam of all those things.
Without approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, a new medical device called UVLrx has hit alternative medicine practices across the country. The device delivers an illuminated cocktail of red, green and ultraviolet wavelengths directly into the bloodstream that is claimed to improve circulation and oxygen saturation, reduce pain, modulate the immune system and lessen inflammation.
Research with the device is supposedly underway in Cameroon to treat HIV/AIDS, in Egypt for hepatitis C and in the Philippines for dengue fever. Paul LeMert, the managing director of UVLrx Therapeutics, stated last year in MedCity News that additional clinical trials for a number of conditions, including Lyme disease, were also underway in the Netherlands, Hong Kong and the United States.
But the company's effort to generate scientific credibility for its device is far-fetched. In response to seeing promotional material published by UVLrx Therapeutics, Dr. Edzard Ernst, M.D., the leading authority on complementary and alternative medicine and professor emeritus at the University of Exeter, said:
UV treatment of blood has been around for some time, but no proof of efficacy has ever emerged. The claims made for the therapy that it deactivates pathogens, stimulates the immune system or increases oxygen saturation are pure fantasy.
The device consists of a digital control box that resembles a sleek intravenous infusion pump, which generates the light, and a “dry light adapter” that attaches to a standard medical catheter delivering saline fluid. The plausibility of the treatment is based on a hodgepodge of basic science research on photosensitive enzymes. The company also cites the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine that resulted from treating cutaneous tuberculosis using ultraviolet light.
I could only verify the existence of the clinical trial in the U.S., which is run from Lozano Medical Clinic—a small medical practice in Dallas next to a pawn shop—and is reported to be in the recruitment phase of a non-randomized, non-placebo-controlled pilot study for “safety, feasibility and improved energy levels,” according to its file at ClinicalTrials.gov.
Since I began my investigation, UVLrx Therapeutics, which has offices in Tampa and Santa Barbara, has scrubbed its website of information on its clinical trials. (An archive can be found here.) Its presence on social media went quiet.
Yet the company cannot conceal the fact that the device is already being used across the country in dozens of private practices run by naturopaths or integrative medical doctors—some of whom are charging patients large sums of money as part of treatment plans that can last months.
A Florida mother's GoFundMe page for her 15-year-old daughter lists the cost of UVLrx treatments at $29,120 over 12 months. She describes her daughter's medical condition as a dire situation complicated by MTHFR gene mutations, chronic Lyme disease, fungemia and unspecified viruses, bacteria and parasites. These are common diagnoses used by practitioners of alternative medicine, especially naturopaths. The mother did not respond for an interview.
Rachael Neagle, a patient treated with a UVLrx device, reported to me that she spent approximately $1,500 out-of-pocket over 10 weeks at Veritas Medical Solutions in Lubbock, Texas. Neagle was being treated for “high levels of inflammation and mold exposure” and claimed no benefits from the treatment.
It remains unclear how such clinical use fits with any kind of ethical research of the device. Rachael said she did not think she had participated in a clinical trial, but knew that Veritas had been running a small study. When I asked her if she had signed any forms to be a research subject, she replied, “I don't think it was anything formal, more an opportunity to demo the machines.”
Ryan Maloney, chief medical officer for UVLrx Therapeutics and director of the pilot study in Dallas, reported in a phone interview that the device can be used in numerous locations and for various conditions because they are “under a private IRB that has domain over the entire country.”
An Institutional Review Board (IRB) is an ethics committee that oversees clinical trials to ensure that human subjects are treated according to legal and ethical guidelines. UVLrx's research is under the purview of Salus IRB based in Austin, which declined to comment. The FDA requires investigational devices, like UVLrx, to be used only within the confines of an IRB-approved clinical trial.
When I reached out to Rowan Hanson, the chairman of UVLrx Therapeutics, for clarification, he stated:
Because the UVLrx Treatment System has not yet secured FDA clearance in the United States, UVLrx is declining media interviews at this time.
I received the exact same statement from a dozen of the many clinics advertising the device online. One clinic, IVme Wellness + Performance in Chicago that offers a cornucopia of intravenous vitamin therapies, replied, “UVLrx has completely banned us from talking.”
But UVLrx's Ryan Maloney was more forthcoming. He explained that there had been a study of the device to treat flu symptoms at a naturopathic clinic in Santa Barbara, but it had to be canceled due to “fear of low recruitment affected by El Niño.” He did not elaborate how a weather phenomenon could directly impact the research.
That study was heavily advertised in press releases and featured on the local Fox News affiliate KKFX, in which Kristi Wrightson, N.D., who ran the study out of Nest Integrative Spa, enthusiastically says, “Patients are really excited about the fact that it lights up; it's kinda cool.”
Maloney said that this television spot was not an accurate representation of the flu trial, which I found to have also been run out of another naturopathic clinic in Minnesota and a “wellness research center” in Louisiana.
He stated that clinics using the UVLrx device do not need to be listed on the clinical trial, but must be “IRB approved.” Perhaps this makes sense only to Maloney, who has a history with non-approved medical devices that are used almost exclusively in alternative medicine clinics.
Maloney was the medical director of Erchonia Corporation when it was under investigation and then warned by the FDA in 2011 for marketing and distributing the Zerona body-contouring laser before it had been approved by the agency. As part of the investigation, the FDA found that Erchonia failed to document and follow-up on complaints that the laser was non-functional and had caught on fire. Erchonia currently has 21 pre-market approved laser devices that, according to its website, are mainly used by naturopaths and chiropractors.
Maloney then became the chief research officer for PrimCogent Solutions that held the license to distribute the Zerona laser. The company went bankrupt in 2013. In a promotional video for the Zerona device, Maloney says that he has a Ph.D. in biochemistry and then proceeds to give tortured explanations about lasers, wound healing and fat cells.
In the phone interview, Maloney claimed that his presence online had often been misrepresented. He admitted that he did not have a Ph.D. or medical degree but was currently enrolled in a master's program in biochemistry at the University of St. Joseph in Connecticut. A representative in the registrar's office of St. Joseph stated that no student by the name of Ryan Maloney is currently enrolled.
The founder of UVLrx Therapeutics, Michael Harter, has also mischaracterized himself. Prior to becoming the “visionary CEO” of UVLrx, Harter's most recent business venture was Rock the Mike Productions, described as “a full-service advertising agency” on a website that conveys deep bewilderment.
Harter does not appear to have any experience with medical devices but does boast about decades of experience in automotive retail sales. He states on his LinkedIn page that “his team took their dealerships public, becoming the Asbury Automotive Group”—a Fortune 500 company based in Atlanta. In an email statement responding to Harter's claim, a spokesperson for Asbury replied, “It wouldn't be truthful to say he is a founding father.”
What is true, however, is that ultraviolet light damages the DNA of healthy cells. Dr. David Palma, M.D., a clinical scientist and radiation oncologist at the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, stressed that “it seems unwise to start delivering something directly into the bloodstream that is known to cause cancer.”
Dr. Ernst reaffirmed that the UVLrx system is based on flimsy science: “The implication that it cures any condition is not supported by good evidence.” He went on to caution that “we cannot even be sure that the treatment is safe.”
Last year, a version of the device received CE Marking that allows it to be distributed in the European Union. But this is no major accomplishment or an indication of safety. CE Marking for medical devices can be issued by dozens of administrative bodies across Europe with varying applications of scrutiny. A 2015 Dutch investigative report revealed that the mesh packaging of fruit sold in grocery stores could be approved as a surgical device to be implanted into patients.
The lack of scientific and medical expertise of UVLrx's leadership should raise serious public concern. There is no guarantee that patients are warned about the dangers of UV light. Nor is it clear whether patients with such a wide assortment of medical problems are participating in what appears to be a nebulous and sprawling network of unregistered clinical trials. Tara Goodin, from the FDA's Office of Public Affairs, was unable to comment whether the company had submitted an application or that its clinical research was sound.
The UVLrx system illuminates the loopholes in the regulation of medical devices and clinical research in the United States: an experimental device that exudes quackery can be covertly studied on patients while being used in clinical practice by naturopaths and integrative medical doctors. Such alternative practitioners do not have reputations that instill confidence in their scientific acumen or commitment to the ethical treatment of patients.
The receptionist at Nest Integrative Spa, where Kristi Wrightson, N.D. had been recruiting patients for the flu study, confirmed for me that its clinical trial was over, but as a patient, I could still get UVLrx treatments. Maloney later clarified that the trial is currently being restructured.
With Maloney leading the research of the UVLrx, FDA approval may be just a matter of time or not even necessary. According to his website, Maloney's expertise “has helped many organizations take their products to market with a solid, immutable clinical foundation.”
Republicans Say Tax Cuts Do Not Stimulate The Economy
Did that get your attention? Good, stay with me for a moment. — So we all know Mitt Romney, Paul Ryan and every other beltway Republican is on record as saying the “stimulus” didn't work. When we say stimulus, we are talking about the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. This piece of legislation, passed in the first months of the Obama administration, contained tax incentives for companies, tax breaks for individuals, infrastructure investment, education funding, and more. Fully one-third of the “stimulus” was in the form of tax cuts.
So when Republicans say “the stimulus didn't work” what they are saying is tax cuts don't stimulate the economy. If they don't mean to say this, then they cannot say the stimulus didn't work. Because it is not possible for tax cuts to work to stimulate the economy (which is Republican gospel) in a world where the stimulus didn't work. Time for a new narrative. / image by DonkeyHotey
Absurdity • Economy • Government • Invention by Republican • Politics
With a little under a month remaining until Election Day, the Obama campaign has transitioned into full-blown hispandering mode. This week's symbolically potent, yet empty, exercise in gestural politics entailed President Obama designating the home of former California labor leader Cesar Chavez a national monument. The ostensible purpose of this decision is to rally support among one of his party's most reliable voting blocs, i.e. Hispanic Americans. Because even though they still decisively support the President's reelection, that support does not always translate into votes, as other analysts have trenchantly observed.
What makes Obama's trip to California so fascinating though is not the seemingly transparent play for votes among an ethno-linguistic group already inclined to vote for his reelection, but the figure he chooses to honor in pursuit of this goal. It should be remembered that as head of the United Farm Workers, Cesar Chavez was militant in his efforts to increase the wage scale of California's poorly-paid and exploited agricultural workers. And despite the fact that his legacy has been appropriated by radical open borders socialist Dolores Huerta-a co-founder of the UFW-Chavez was most militant in his actions against illegal aliens and the guest-workers from Mexico large growers relied upon in order to depress wages.
While today he is looked upon simply as a totemic figure for the left, to be utilized for whatever cause du jour-including comprehensive immigration reform-requires his unique biography, Cesar-or, as our President prefers to call him, (SEE-ZER)-Chavez began his labor activism in response to the federal government's bracero program. His opinion regarding mass immigration-at least with regard to the agricultural sector-was the polar opposite of the contemporary Democratic Party. His views on illegal immigration were identical to that of today's Minutemen, and expressed in a much more militant manner, it should be noted.
One of the chief reasons that farmworkers in California achieved parity with skilled workers in the manufacturing sector was precisely because of Chavez's political efforts at restricting the inflow of unskilled, foreign workers to the state. Unsurprisingly, the steep decline in wages for this same cohort of workers-and the one that's followed-tracked with the opening of our borders, including successive amnesties and manipulation of existing work visa programs by large agri-businesses. Agricultural concerns which still don't believe there are enough foreign-born farmworkers in this country, despite the evidence that mechanization and innovation has actually improved farming techniques in the state of California.
You would learn none of this, however, if you relied upon the dominant media narrative for information about Cesar Chavez's career, or gathered a fragmentary picture of his life from vacuous, politically expedient gestures like this new national monument, or the christening of a warship in his name. However, my point isn't that the mainstream media selectively omits certain facts and/or opinions when it suits their political purposes-which is something most of you already know-or that leftist, open borders advocates are willing to hijack the legacy of an iconic figure in order to see their ideological beliefs into law.
I raise this issue because it speaks to a gaping hole in this nation's historical memory. The fact that craven politicians-of every stripe-will lie with impunity in order to advance their agendas is nothing new. However, the notion that they can so easily manipulate the public in an age where access to information is quite literally at the fingertips of each and every American, should be profoundly disturbing to anyone who values our republican form of government.
If the philosophy of such an historic figure-who was alive less than two decades ago-can be willfully distorted-despite the abundance of evidence clearly establishing his views on this subject-in pursuit of a tendentious agenda, then what hope is there for engaging in an honest, open debate during this most contentious of presidential elections? If the American public is not able to differentiate fact from fiction, then what hope is there that it will make an informed decision as our country casts its ballots this November? As the great Spanish philosopher, poet, and novelist George Santayana once wrote, those who cannot remember the past, are condemned to repeat it.
Former FBI director Robert Mueller was appointed by the Justice Department to serve as a special counsel in the Russia investigation earlier this month. CNN reported on Monday that Mueller has already been briefed on memos drafted by Comey detailing his interactions with Trump. Monday's Post report suggests there may be an even more extensive paper trail that could come under scrutiny as part of the investigation.
According to the Post:
Trump's conversation with Rogers was documented contemporaneously in an internal memo written by a senior NSA official, according to the officials. It is unclear if a similar memo was prepared by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to document Trump's conversation with Coats. Officials said such memos could be made available to both the special counsel now overseeing the Russia investigation and congressional investigators, who might explore whether Trump sought to impede the FBI's work.
Congressional Democrats have accused Trump of obstructing justice following reports that he attempted to intervene in the Flynn investigation and another Times report that Trump told Russian officials that he felt relieved of pressure caused by the Russia inquiry after firing Comey.
The Post's report on Monday also contends that White House officials “sounded out top intelligence officials about the possibility of intervening directly with Comey to encourage the FBI to drop its probe of Michael Flynn.”
When Trump fired Comey, he originally cited a memo criticizing the FBI chief's handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private e-mail server. He later openly acknowledged in an interview with NBC News that “this Russia thing” was on his mind when he made the decision to fire Comey, who at the time had been serving as the head of the bureau probing ties between Trump associates and the Russian government.
The White House has insisted that there is no evidence of collusion. And Trump flatly denied the possibility at a press conference last week, saying “there was no collusion” with Russia. In the letter the president sent to Comey telling him he had been fired, Trump wrote that he had “greatly appreciate[d]” the FBI director “informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation.”
Despite Mueller's appointment as special counsel, Democrats have continued to urge the formation of an independent commission to further probe the extent of Russian involvement in the election. Those calls, and the pressure on Congress to support such a move, may grow louder now.
(WBMA) -- Shortly after 1:40 p.m., a loud 'boom' was heard across North Alabama in Blount, Jefferson, Walker, Cullman, Talladega, Calhoun, Clay, Winston, Randolph, Tuscaloosa, and St. Clair counties.
It's the sound everybody is talking about. So much so, Trey Cochran wrote a song about it:
Alabamians flocked to Twitter, with many reporting the event shook their homes.
Lincoln resident Dawn Stanton described it as "...a propane tank just exploding. I looked and I didn't see nothin' sailing through the air."
The National Weather Service in Birmingham hypothesized the sound originated from an aircraft sonic boom or a meteorite from the Leonid shower.
NASA's Bill Cooke says the origin of the mysterious boom still remains unclear but shut down the NWS' theory of a Leonid shower meteroite.
Cooke says the sound could have been produced by a bolide, large supersonic aircraft or a ground explosion.
According to Cooke, NASA's meteor scientists will continue to analyze new data in hopes of determining the cause of the 'boom.'
ABC 33/40 has reached out to Maxwell Air Force Base to see if a pilot could have broken the sound barrier with a training exercise.
Hungarian industryʼs share of economy 5th highest in EU
BBJ
In 2016, industry remained the largest economic activity in the European Union (EU) in terms of output, according to a report on output of economic activities in the EU Member States by Eurostat, the European Commissionʼs directorate-general for statistics. Hungary was one of nine states where industry was the leading economic activity.
In 2016, the category of "Industry (except construction)" accounted for 19.4% of EU total gross value added (GVA), immediately ahead of the economic activities classified as "Wholesale and retail trade, transport, accommodation and food services" (19.0%) and "Public administration, defense, education, human health and social work activities" (18.8%). "Real estate activities" (11.4%) and "Professional, scientific and technical activities" (11.0%) also accounted for major shares of EU total GVA.
The respective shares of these economic activities have, however, followed diverging trends over the last 20 years, according to the report by Eurostat. The percentage of GVA generated grew in "Professional, scientific and technical activities" (from 8.7% in 1996 to 11.0% in 2016, or +2.3 percentage points), "Information and communication" and "Real estate activities" (both up 0.9 pps), and "Public administration, defense, education, human health and social work activities" (+0.8 pps).
Meanwhile, the share of "Wholesale and retail trade, transport, accommodation and food services" remained fairly stable at around 19% of the total.
In contrast, the share of industry decreased significantly over 20 years (from 22.9% in 1996, to 19.4% in 2016, or -3.5 pps).
In nine of the EU Member States, "Industry" came first among economic activities in 2016: Ireland (36.6%) led the way, followed by the Czech Republic (32.1%), Slovenia (27.1%), Slovakia (26.9%), Hungary (26.8%), Poland (26.5%), Germany and Romania (both 25.7%) and Bulgaria (24.4%).
In 12 EU Member States, "Wholesale and retail trade, transport, accommodation and food services" was the biggest economic activity in terms of GVA generated in 2016. The highest shares were recorded in Lithuania (32.2% of total GVA), Latvia (25.4%), Cyprus (25.2%), Portugal and Poland (both 25.1%).
"Public administration, defense, education, human health and social work activities" was the main economic activity in terms of GVA in France (22.7%), Belgium (22.3%) and the Netherlands (21.4%), as well as in the three EU Nordic Member States – Denmark (22.3%), Sweden (21.5%) and Finland (21.3%).
Luxembourg stood out with "Financial and insurance activities" representing its main economic activity, generating 27.3% of total gross value added in that country.
Today the city proudly pointed out that when it comes to population numbers we're doing really, really well. But if you look at other stats, things don't look nearly as peachy. The middle class is screwed, the homeless population is booming, and let's not even get started on food stamps. Actually, let's. Because those numbers aren't any better.
Today the Independent Budget Office of New York's blog has a incredibly depressing series of graphs looking at city data on income support in the city under Mayor Bloomberg. And oof: "Over the last decade, the number of city residents receiving food stamps has more than doubled, while public assistance recipients have decreased and the number of blind and disabled New Yorkers receiving Supplemental Security Income benefits has remained flat."
Last year NYC residents received $3.4 billion in food stamp benefits as well as $2.9 billion in supplemental security income and $1.4 billion in public assistance. Let's compare that to 2002, shall we?
And before anyone starts blaming this on penny-pinching millionaires let's remember that in order to be eligible for food stamps in New York you must make less than $14,532 a year (or be in a family of four making less than $29,976 a year). Now, who wants to persuade Mayor Bloomberg to pull a Booker and take the SNAP challenge?
Legislators Want To Open Up Wiretap Laws To Target Sex Workers And Their Customers
from the ongoing-holy-war dept
Under the guise of fighting sex trafficking, legislators have been offering up a slew of bills that will make things much worse for plenty of people not involved in this heinous crime. Elizabeth Nolan Brown, who is the go-to expert on all sorts of government abuse done in the name of sex-trafficked children, has tallied up the current stack of legislative paperwork floating around the halls of Congress. Spoiler alert: it's a lot.
So far this year, federal lawmakers have introduced more than 30 bills related to "sex trafficking," which many in government now define to mean all prostitution. This week alone brought three new efforts. And following the familiar pattern of the drug war, these measures mostly focus on giving federal law enforcement more "tools" to find, prosecute, and punish people for actions only tangentially, if at all, connected to causing harm.
Currently, the forerunner for "worst" is one that makes a mockery of federal wiretap statutes. The laws governing government eavesdropping have been modified over the years with an eye on protecting something even more sacrosanct than someone's home: someone's private conversations. Wiretaps are only supposed to be used for felonies -- dangerous, possibly life-threatening criminal activities. They're supposed to be issued only when law enforcement has exhausted all other options and subjected to strict oversight to prevent their abuse. (Note: what's supposed to happen and what actually happens are two very different things.)
What they're not supposed to be used for is small-time stuff -- misdemeanors and other low-level, non-dangerous crimes. But that's exactly what legislators are hoping to do: expand wiretap authority to cover the consensual exchange of money for services.
One such measure would expand state and local government authority "to seek wiretap warrants in sexual exploitation and prostitution cases" (emphasis mine) and mandate the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and National Institute of Justice conduct a "study on the long-term physical and psychological effects of the commercial sex trade." It would also give the Department of Homeland Security a mandate to develop protocols "for implementation across federal, state, and local law enforcement" on how to screen people "suspected of engaging in commercial sex acts" for the possibility that they have been trafficked. The screening process would also be applied to people suspected of working in violation of any labor regulations, including occupational licensing rules.
Combine this new authority with government officials' natural tendency to name-and-shame anyone involved with consensual sex work and you've got a whole can of wiretapped worms just waiting to be exploited for maximum public damage. Add to that the underlying assertion that sex work is some sort of illness that must be studied by the CDC and, presumably, "remedied" by even more ridiculous, harmful legislation.
And no one really wants to see the DHS getting involved in local vice cases. The DHS has already proven it knows almost nothing about securing the homeland. Asking it to dip into prostitution busts is basically asking for widespread rights violations, especially if this activity takes places in the so-called "Constitution-Free Zone," which covers areas where a large majority of the US population resides.
Also included: more federal targeting of customers and a potential to add "hate crime" sentencing enhancements to the crime of buying sex. Brown points out the bill orders the DOJ to view buying sex as a "form of gender-based violence."
And there's more, which hardly seems possible. Prostitutes could possibly be legally considered "criminal street gang members" under proposed legislation. And some bills would allow the government to start seizing personal property if fines are not paid.
The named target is sex trafficking and the supposed beneficiaries would be children, who are kidnapped and exploited all the damn time according to stats made up out of thin air. But the real targets will be the oldest profession, which includes plenty of un-exploited sex workers voluntarily providing services to paying customers. But the end result will be a spectacular amount of collateral damage -- and that's not just limited to customers having their conversations intercepted or being hit with hate crime enhancements. The proposed legislation would also wreak havoc on the internet.
Grassley's bill cobbles together a host of changes that give federal prosecuting agencies more power. Among other things, it would create a federal mandate to fight "sextortion" (without defining what this means); ask the quasi-governmental National Center for Missing and Exploited to assist the government in identifying "misleading domain names" and "misleading words or digital images on the Internet"; and more than quadruple annual appropriations for grants related to these activities.
Starting with this premise, those caught up in these supposed anti-sex trafficking efforts will find themselves in the position of proving a negative. If the government decides you're looking for child porn or exploited children (or offering either of these) but can't find images or terminology affirming this hunch, it can still go after you for being "misleading."
These bills may namecheck sex trafficking and carry the veneer of honest law enforcement work, but underneath every one of them lies the Puritanical notion that buying and selling sex is immoral and must be punished not by God, but by the government itself.
Filed Under: 4th amendment, congress, privacy, sex trafficking, surveillance, wiretapping
Plug Mate simply slides onto the end of your power lead plugs to prevent pin damage caused by dropping heavy tools or accidentally stepping on them. Pin damage that is costly to repair and can occur when you're not even looking.
No longer will you have to down tools and wait for hours for a sparky to work his magic, watching money go down the drain on expensive repairs and lost work. Now wouldn't that be nice?
Plug Mates are inexpensive, durable and come in some awesome bright colours so they're easy to find.
You could save thousands of dollars each year by protecting your plug pins from damage. Plug Mate really is an essential part of every toolkit!
#Custom colours and branding available #Completely Aussie made and owned
MAJAK Daw is facing a delayed start to the 2017 season after suffering a knee injury that is likely to sideline him for about eight weeks.
Daw tore the meniscus in his right knee during a straight-line running drill at training on Monday and underwent arthroscopic surgery on Friday afternoon.
North Melbourne football manager Cameron Joyce said the club would not know how long Daw would be sidelined until it had spoken to his surgeon but expected him to play early in the home and away season.
"There was no warning of any issues prior to Monday so this was an unexpected and unfortunate setback," Joyce said.
"We discovered a tear in his meniscus so he was immediately referred to a specialist.
"It's too difficult to put a timeframe on his return to full fitness at this stage, but we are confident he'll be available in the opening rounds of the season.
"We'll know the extent of damage and amount of recovery time required after the surgery has been performed. At that point we will provide a further update to our members."
Meniscus tears typically involve a two-month recovery period.
Daw's injury is a setback to his bid to finally establish himself in North's senior team.
The 25-year-old has played just 25 games in seven seasons at Arden St, but had looked well placed to enjoy an extended run at senior level in 2017.
North ushered in a new era late last season when it bid farewell to veterans Brent Harvey, Drew Petrie, Michael Firrito, Nick Dal Santo and Daniel Wells, with Petrie's departure designed to create opportunities for Daw and fellow emerging forwards such as Mason Wood and Ben McKay.
Daw looked ready to help fill the void left by Petrie, having enjoyed a strong finish to 2016 that included a four-goal haul in North's elimination final loss to Adelaide.
Daw entered this pre-season focused on improving his endurance and his forward-line understanding with fellow talls Ben Brown and Mason Wood, but now faces a limited preparation that will hamper those efforts.
The forward/ruckman said in November he was determined to become a regular senior player in 2017.
"On a personal level, it's just (about) playing as many games as I can and, like that last final in Adelaide, I want to have an impact on the team," Daw said.
"I'm 25, turning 26 (in March), so I've been around the club for a long time and I know the expectation."
Daw re-signed with North until the end of 2019 in September.
LISTEN: Tim Leiweke on KeyArena remodel vs SoDo plan: 'This is not a competition' Your browser does not support the audio element.
Tim Leiweke, who heads the Oak View group that wants to redevelop KeyArena, told “Brock and Salk” that he and Chris Hansen's investment team are all working toward the same goal of bringing the NBA and/or the NHL to Seattle. And, in the end, that might mean working together.
“What I would suggest is, nothing's going away in the next six months,” Leiweke said in an in-studio visit on Wednesday. “Let's take a deep breath, let's bring the smartest people that we could possibly find to analyze whether or not Seattle Center and an arena can work there and if it does, we are prepared to go finance it and fund it privately without a franchise. We will make it work standalone on all the other events. That's the key. You've got to get it going, you've got to get it built and then the leagues chase you; you're not chasing the leagues. And if, at that point, Chris wants an NBA team, he's more likely to get one and he can take it. Not only will we not stand in his way, we will do everything humanly possible to make it work economically.”
Leiweke and Lance Lopes, the Oak View group's new director of special projects who also spoke with KIRO Radio's Dori Monson on Tuesday, discussed the group's plans for KeyArena and their hopes to turn it into a venue that could host the Sonics and/or a hockey team while also serving as a place to host live music and entertainment. The development group is among those that will be jockeying to prove it has the best arena option. They are countered by Hansen's Seattle Arena Group that is attempting to convince the city council and mayor to allow them to privately pay for and build a new arena in SoDo.
This is not a competition, though, according to Leiweke. He said that his group jumped into this because “we're here eight and 10 years later still talking about trying to get a franchise.”
“If a franchise came, we wouldn't be here,” he said. “We are fans of Chris. We are friends with Chris. I admire Chris and (SoDo partner Wally Walker). This is not a competition and we've made it very clear. We have no intention, our purpose here is not to own the team. Our purpose here is to help bring a team here. One of my partners is Madison Square Garden. They already own an NBA team and they already own an NHL team, so we are prohibited from owning a team. We want to be the catalyst so this might be the best day Chris ever had because we might be able to solve the facility issue without him spending $700 million or $800 million. And so we don't want to stand in Chris' way and, in fact, we want to encourage Chris, and if you look at the process in the last two months, the reality is the deal is only going to get better for the taxpayers and only going to get better for Seattle because that's what competition will do. This is a friendly competition and our goal is actually Chris' goal. And Chris, Wally, myself and Lance, we agree on one thing: We'd like to see the return of the NBA or the NHL.”
Leiweke has been a part of building 18 arena and stadium projects, including the Staples Center in Los Angeles, the Sprint Center in Kansas City and the O2 Arena in London. Leiweke didn't want to associate the name KeyArena with the Seattle project, instead choosing to refer to it as Seattle Center Arena.
“People keep on saying you can't do a renovation,” he said. “This is more than a renovation. This is a complete rebuild. That's what you have to do to that building. This is not touching up the concourse and putting in new seats.”
Leiweke said six months of studying – on the private sector dime – is a realistic time frame for a definitive answer on the viability of this rebuild. He said the indication from Mayor Ed Murray was that he wants to make the decision shortly after that. If the determination is that a rebuild isn't viable, he said it “cleans up the political agenda” and that everyone can then get behind the Hansen team's vision.
“If it does work, then private sector will be able to spend the money and he can pursue his team,” Leiweke said.
If the KeyArena rebuild is viable and OVG wins the mayor's Request for Proposal, Leiweke said there will be an environmental study – which has already been looked at in the alternative site study for the Seattle Arena study – and designs would be created, with hopes of starting construction within a year from then. He used the summer of 2018 as an example time frame.
“There are no more politics,” he said. “The politics are going to get flushed out in the next six months. The RFP is going to request a proposal for a deal with the city on how to go privately build and take the risk on a massive renovation of the Seattle Center Arena.”
Leiweke also noted that he has close ties with NBA and NHL commissioners Adam Silver and Gary Bettman. He wouldn't speak on their behalf but said those two are very aware of what they are working on and that the development companies are respected commodities, noting that ICON is the same group building the new Milwaukee Bucks stadium.
“No one has as good a relationship probably as we do with the NBA and NHL,” he said. “I've been part of that family for almost 40 years and we would not be here today if the commissioners of both leagues weren't exactly on board and aware of what we're doing on a day-to-day basis. We stay in touch with them on our intentions. We will never get ahead of the commissioners. It is up to them and the board of governors on the NHL and the NBA to decide what happens to their teams and we will follow that lead, but we are consensus builders.”
Leiweke said his group will be speaking Thursday about all the options for KeyArena with Tim Romani, the principal of ICON Venue Group, and Chris Carver of POPULOUS, which, according to Leiweke, are responsible for building more arenas and stadiums than anyone else.
“I don't know whether or not at the end of the day the footprint could be expanded, the capacity could be expanded and the square footage can ultimately be expanded in order to meet the minimum standards of the NBA and the NHL, but I know Tim Romani and I know Chris Carver, and they are the two smartest guys I know about arenas and they tell me they believe it could be done,” Leiweke said. “And they're going to do an exhaustive project here and we're going to put in literally seven figures in order to make sure that we flush this out to see if we, in fact, can build a world-class arena that will be acceptable to the NHL and the NBA at the Seattle Center.”
Other highlights from the conversation:
On the potential for working together: “We are not here to ultimately rain on their parade. This is not an us-against-them scenario. This is, Seattle is a phenomenal music marketplace, Seattle is a phenomenal sports marketplace. We're prepared to take a private risk and build an arena without an anchor tenant, which, in that case, means the leagues are chasing you; you're not chasing the leagues. And that's how you get teams.”
On the importance of building a music venue: “Folks, this is Seattle. This is one of the single best music markets around and part of what's been lost in the argument is because of the passion of sports, people make this about the NBA or the NHL. Well, guess what, there's not a great music venue here either and there's 40 to 50 nights of music minimum.”
Can the city sustain two world-class facilities? “No. We wouldn't build ours if they built theirs. I'm pretty sure they wouldn't build theirs if we had ours up and going. That's why we have a good relationship with them. What we're not going to get into here is a nuclear war. We're going to do this the right way, we're going to do this with the best interest of the city and we're going to do this with the best interest of the future of the city.”
On NBA or NHL expansion: “We're not losing out on an opportunity. Everybody needs to understand. It's not like there's a franchise out there right now that says they are in trouble or they're moving. There is not, so nothing is gonna happen. Both the NBA and NHL made that very clear.”
Who would own the Seattle Center Arena? “This is Seattle's facility and if the mayor decides that, at the end of the day, the citizens still own it but the private sector has to take the risk, then that's the direction and the path we will follow and we are up to that. We understand that the burden of making this work – whether it's building it or operating it, is going to be the private burden. We get that.”
(CNN) As many onlookers cheered Friday, a crane hoisted the statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from the top of a monument in New Orleans.
It is the fourth, and final, Civil War-era landmark the city has removed since late April.
The effort to remove New Orleans' monuments has been part of a nationwide debate over Confederate symbols, which some argue represent slavery and injustice and others say represent history and heritage.
"Na na, hey, hey, hey, goodbye!" some in the crowd cheered as the statue was lowered onto a flatbed trailer.
Earlier, with work underway, Mayor Mitch Landrieu explained the city's reasons for removing the statue and other monuments at a private address.
The historical markers "celebrate a fictional, sanitized Confederacy, ignoring the death, ignoring the enslavement, ignoring the terror that it actually stood for. And after the Civil War, these monuments were part of that terrorism as much as burning a cross on someone's lawn," Landrieu said.
In a speech about the removal of the monuments, the mayor said they were landmarks that were not a true reflection of the city.
"To literally put the Confederacy on a pedestal in our more prominent places -- in honor -- is an inaccurate recitation of our full past, is an affront to our present and it is a bad prescription for our future," said Landrieu, the city's first white mayor since 1978, who is in his final term presiding over a city that is 60% African-American.
The monuments will be stored then relocated, city officials have said.
The column on which the statue stood will remain, and the city will add a water feature.
Monument removal began in April
Streets near the city's Lee Circle -- where the Robert E. Lee monument has stood for 133 years -- were blocked off by early Friday in preparation for the dismantling that's scheduled to begin sometime before 5 p.m. CT.
The city started removing the public landmarks in late April, after the New Orleans City Council voted in 2015 to remove the four Confederate markers. Recent court rulings cleared the way for the monuments to be removed and relocated following heated public debate and legal fights.
The issue gained momentum after the 2015 massacre of nine black parishioners in Charleston, South Carolina, by a self-described white supremacist who prosecutors said posed for photos with the Confederate battle flag.
Workers prepare to take down the statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee on May 19, 2017, in Lee Circle in New Orleans.
A small crowd -- including some supporting the removal and those opposing it -- gathered outside the barricaded area throughout the morning. A few men had a heated exchange after someone took an American flag from a Lee monument supporter, CNN affiliate WVUE reported
Tempers cooled when police recovered the flag and returned it. As the day went on, the crowd grew to about 100 people, the station reported.
The statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee in New Orleans' Lee Circle, seen here in 2015, has stood for 133 years.
The Lee statue, erected in 1884 in honor of the commander of the Army of Northern Virginia, is arguably the most prominent of the four because of its location at Lee Circle, a major traffic hub at the edge of the Lower Garden District and the Central Business District.
The city's famed Uptown streetcar line wraps around the circle, and nearly all Carnival parades traverse it near the end of their route.
First removal in daylight
The statues were erected decades after the Civil War to celebrate the "lost cause of the Confederacy," a movement recognized across the South as promoting white supremacy, according to a news release from the mayor's office.
Friday's removal -- in daylight, with the timing announced a day beforehand -- contrasts with the first three, which happened in the dark of night or early morning with little notice.
The city had kept quiet about the timing of the earlier ones, citing what it said were threats that some had made toward contractors who would do the work.
A summary of the first three:
April 24: Contractors wearing masks and ballistic vests in light of the threats removed Contractors wearing masks and ballistic vests in light of the threats removed an obelisk commemorating the Battle of Liberty Place . The obelisk marked a deadly fight between the Crescent City White League, a group opposed to the city's racially integrated police force, and state militia after the Civil War.
May 11: A 6-foot statue of A 6-foot statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis was removed from its pedestal as dozens of people -- those opposed to the removal, as well as those backing it -- looked on. The statue, which stood for 106 years, had been atop a roughly 12-foot column and depicted Davis with his right arm outstretched with palm turned upward. It towered over the street also named after him.
Wednesday: The equestrian statue of Confederate Gen. Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard, who died in New Orleans in 1893, The equestrian statue of Confederate Gen. Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard, who died in New Orleans in 1893, came down in the early morning after standing 102 years.
The statues will be put into storage while the city looks for a suitable place to display them, the mayor has said.
Private funding raised by the city will pay for the removal of the landmarks, Landrieu's office has said.
The area that formerly housed the Jefferson Davis statue will soon feature an American flag, the city announced Thursday night.
Backlash over the removals
Backlash against removing New Orleans' Confederate monuments has been building.
The Louisiana Legislature is considering a measure that would hinder local governments from removing war memorials, including those from the Civil War. The bill would allow local governments to take down a memorial only if voters approve the action at "an election held for that purpose."
Defense & National Security
Two weeks after Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were murdered in Benghazi, Libya, the Obama administration has conceded it was an act of terrorism.
The attack on the U.S. Consulate, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton now admits, was part of a broader effort by al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, working “with other violent extremists to undermine the democratic transitions under way in North Africa, as we tragically saw in Benghazi.”
Yet 10 days ago, U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice was trotted out on every Sunday talk show to blame the massacre on a mob inflamed by the Internet video “Innocence of Muslims,” which insulted the Prophet Muhammad.
As Human Events' John Hayward relates, Rice told Fox News:
“This was not a preplanned, premeditated attack. … What happened initially was a spontaneous reaction to what had just transpired in Cairo as a consequence of the video. … People gathered outside the embassy, and then it grew very violent. Those with extremist ties joined the fray and came with heavy weapons — which, unfortunately, are quite common in post-revolutionary Libya — and that then spun out of control.”
Behind this gross misrepresentation was the need to absolve the Obama administration of all responsibility by claiming the atrocity was triggered by events — the showing of a video, the Cairo riot — over which it had no control.
We could not have foreseen this, Rice was saying. We could not have prevented this. We had no knowledge it was coming. It was an unpredictable, spontaneous event, like a tornado.
Rice was either ignorant of what went on in Benghazi when she was sent out to do those TV shows, or misled by her own government, or sent out to lie to ensure that America's anger was not redirected to her administration.
And this is the diplomat said to have the inside track to be secretary of state if Barack Obama is re-elected?
Rice and her handlers were relying on a friendly media to buy into her story and keep the political spotlight on the statement the Romney campaign released before it was known that Stevens had been murdered.
And this is no small matter.
As Hayward notes, Eli Lake of The Daily Beast reported that “within 24 hours of the 9-11 anniversary attack on the United States consulate in Benghazi, U.S. intelligence agencies had strong indications al Qaeda-affiliated operatives were behind the attack, and had even pinpointed the location of one of those attackers.”
Three separate intelligence sources confirmed to Lake that “early information was enough to show that the attack was planned and the work of al Qaeda affiliates operating in Eastern Libya.”
The issues raised here are matters of extraordinary moment.
Did the United States have advance intelligence saying an attack was being planned against the Benghazi consulate or U.S. personnel in Libya on Sept. 11?
Was the post-attack intelligence Lake describes provided to Clinton, Rice and the White House? If so, Rice not only deceived the nation but did so with the knowledge, if not complicity, of the secretary of state and the president.
What did Hillary and Obama know, and when did they know it?
Other issues have been pushed into the public sphere — or should have been — by this act of barbarism.
After the Benghazi attack, al-Qaida has called for attacks on other U.S. diplomats in the region. One or two more such atrocities could bring withdrawal of U.S. diplomats, businessmen and tourists, dramatically reducing the chances the Arab Spring could succeed.
And lest we forget, we invaded Afghanistan to eradicate al-Qaida after 9/11. Yet today, we read of al-Qaida in the Maghreb, al-Qaida in Iraq, al-Qaida in Pakistan, al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula and al-Qaida in Syria. And Ansar Dine, an al-Qaida affiliate, has taken over northern Mali, a slice of land the size of France.
Though Vice President Joe Biden has Democratic crowds shouting “USA! USA!” when he bellows that “General Motors is alive and Osama bin Laden is dead,” who is really winning this war between radical Islamism and America?
It seems the longer we fight the more enemies we create.
Are American values increasingly victorious?
Obama went before the U.N. to defend the First Amendment right to editorially and verbally assault the sacred beliefs of all faiths.
In direct rebuttal, Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi channeled Iran's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Speaking of the video insulting the prophet, Morsi said:
“The obscenities that I have referred to that were recently released as part of an organized campaign against Islamic sanctities are unacceptable. … We reject this. We cannot accept it. We will not allow anyone to do this by word or deed.”
Translation: In the Islamic world, our values apply, not yours. If you cannot respect them, we cannot respect you.
The bottom is falling out of Obama's Middle East policy, while the media chortle over the latest Obama polls.
While there are lots of potential landing spots for Bill Simmons, there hasn't been much talk yet about which companies have actually made solid pitches to him. It looks like HBO has entered that camp, though, and it sounds like acquiring Simmons might be a big part of the network's strategy going forward. Lacey Rose of The Hollywood Reporter wrote a big cover story on HBO that went live online Wednesday, and Simmons was important enough to be mentioned on the cover and make the online title, “HBO's Real-Life Game of Thrones: The Fight to Stay Rich, on Top and Score Bill Simmons.” Most of the piece is more aimed at those curious about HBO's changing business model (particularly with their new over-the-top HBO Now service that doesn't require a cable subscription) and their various programming strategies, but the part on Simmons will definitely interest sports fans:
On June 21, HBO will add a pair of testosterone-fueled new editions — Dwayne Johnson's sports dramedy Ballers and the Jack Black-Tim Robbins political half-hour The Brink — along with a second installment of the drama juggernaut True Detective. And the network will ramp up from there, with plans for more of the addictive Robert Durst docuseries, a not-yet-announced 1970s porn drama from The Wire's David Simon and, if all goes as planned, a platform for ESPN cast-off Bill Simmons. While HBO executives are staying mum, multiple sources tell The Hollywood Reporter that the network is in talks for a major multipart deal with the biggest media personality in sports (more on that later). …
[HBO programming chief Michael] Lombardo won't rule out other talk shows, too, particularly if the right personality comes along. Though he's tight-lipped about names on his wish list, he acknowledges the soon-to-be available Jon Stewart would hold appeal. “Trust me,” he says, “I've already had a very polite conversation.” Considerably more likely is Simmons, whom the network is said to have made a big play for after his unceremonious booting from the more corporate ESPN. Such a move would be straight out of the HBO playbook, which famously provided a creative reprieve for former ABC flameout Bill Maher many years earlier. Though Simmons is said to have several suitors, insiders say con­versations at HBO have focused on a TV show — something Simmons is believed to want — along with heavy digital extensions that make the prolific personality tailor-made for the HBO Now era.
A talk show for Simmons would certainly be an interesting step. At first glance, that seems a little outside the box, but it's not really that different from the televised podcasts he did at Grantland or the more recent Grantland Basketball Hour on ESPN. That also might fit with Simmons' apparent desire to have a big TV presence, and it might be free-form enough to work well for him. It might turn into important content for HBO, too; as we've discussed before, Simmons has an incredibly loyal fanbase, and that's largely a young fanbase who might well follow him to HBO, especially in an era where HBO Now is available without a cable subscription. It's notable as well that HBO is much better than many of its competitors at allowing you to watch programming whenever, through services like HBO Go and HBO Now. That might be a good fit for someone who's coming in from a column/podcast world where his audience engages with his content when it works for them.
Given Simmons' involvement with ESPN's 30 for 30 documentaries, work on HBO's sports documentaries also might be a natural fit for him. HBO Sports president Ken Hershman wouldn't comment on Simmons when AA's Ben Koo asked about him earlier this month, and HBO's 2011 decision to close its in-house unit might make it more difficult to find a role on that side for Simmons, but HBO regularly features content from filmmakers like Peter Berg who have worked with Simmons before, and involving Simmons in analyzing outside pitches, deciding which ones to pursue and potentially even working with the filmmakers would only seem logical. It's notable that Simmons has made several comments in the past about how HBO's dominance of the documentary space inspired his work with 30 for 30 and convinced him to challenge them. Simmons is strongly opinionated, and his past criticisms of HBO's recent documentary direction might not go over well with everyone, but he might also be able to bring a fresh perspective and some of what he learned from 30 for 30 to help HBO recapture a larger slice of the sports documentary market.
The biggest question about a potential Simmons to HBO move may be what happens to his written and podcast content. If he has a regular talk show and is involved in documentary production, perhaps that's enough work for him, and perhaps it means he doesn't feel the need to crank out columns or podcasts. If he did want to keep doing those, though, there doesn't seem to be a natural fit for them at HBO, and that might work against them compared to a company like Turner that could use written and podcast content as well as TV content. Something to keep in mind here is that HBO doesn't always need to have talent work with them and only them, though; it's possible to imagine a deal where Simmons does work for HBO and someone else, or where he runs his own website on the side with perhaps some venture capital funding. There are lots of questions still to be answered about any potential Simmons-to-HBO deal, but this is certainly an interesting possibility, and it sounds like one that not only might work out for both him and the network, but one that's also being actively explored by both. We'll see if anything comes of this, but it's definitely something to keep an eye on.
Localize: Japanese (日本語) | Chinese (中文)
With e-skin, you can use, recognize and analyze human motion data anytime, anywhere.
Our e-skin apparel unobtrusively moves and stretches with the body's movements. The proprietary stretchable electronics were developed in Professor Takao Someya's Lab at the University of Tokyo. E-skin provides a new intuitive and immersive input for interacting with virtual reality content and games as well as means for analyzing exercises and athletic sports. Since it is wireless and camera-free, e-skin can be used for many hours both inside and outside.
Gaming: control a game character using your whole body
Sports / Fitness: improve your form for a variety of sports and activities
Wellness: monitor your respiration and condition in your daily life
We created e-skin smart apparel by first focusing on the feel of the shirt so that it maintains the comfort, durability and machine washability of a regular shirt. We believe this is imperative for it to be fully embraced by all.
In the near future, connected clothing will be the most natural way for people to interact with internet, and other people. We do not refer to e-skin a ‘wearable device' because it is just a shirt, and a shirt is always to be worn.
We are here on Kickstarter to provide a new, open source medium to the community of passionate developers, designers, artists, and musicians to create user experiences to share and learn from. We believe there are a variety of needs where e-skin can provide a solution to satisfy and help people and we want to provide the tools to empower this. Let's change the world together with e-skin.
We've integrated 14 strain sensors and a 6-axis accelerometer and gyroscope to capture and track upper body motion as well as respiration to be used as an input controller in game, or analyzing form in sports / fitness activity or more broadly as an upper body activity tracker.
Data from the shirt is sent through the attached e-skin Hub over Bluetooth.
An environment to support machine learning will also be provided. Original gesture could be recognized through machine learning, and new applications can be developed using it.
By machine learning, not only specific form such as punching, jumping, but the daily movement and posture can also be recognized.
Develop a new experience with your original gesture!
e-skin can work with the Microsoft HoloLens. You may expand the scope of gesture input and create more AR content development possibilities using e-skin.
Development Environment: Unity, UNREAL ENGINE*
*UNREAL ENGINE coming soon
The e-skin SDK will help you write less code – quicker and easier!
A configuration screen is designed in which you can intuitively understand the e-skin status. You can see the state of communication and individual sensor response in it.
e-skin Store will be published to support every e-skin application.
Share your application and broaden the e-skin world!
Here is the way how our e-skin tracks user's motion.
The resistance of the strain sensors on e-skin shirt changes when they stretch.
We have developed the algorithm to recognize human movement (arm bending etc.) by measuring the voltage drop in each channel in the e-skin Hub. The Hub can also detect movement like jumping or stepping through the 6-axis accelerometer and gyroscope.
Let us introduce some application examples using e-skin.
e-skin Game Demo
With e-skin, the user's gestures (running, jumping, punching, crouching) were integrated into a game demo that was shown at CES2017. In the demo, the strain sensors and accelerometer/gyroscope module recognize the physical actions of the person wearing the shirt. The information gathered from the sensors on the shirt is sent over Bluetooth to a host laptop running the game where the physical movements are rendered as the avatar's movements.
e-skin Dance Demo
This dance demo was also shown at CES. As the woman moves, the sensors stretch with her movement and the electronic signature from the sensor response creates triggers for various sound effects. Dancers usually dance with music, but in this case dancers can create the music.
e-skin Golf Demo
This is another demo that was shown at CES2017. In this video, we developed a series of golf swing algorithms that were able to correctly identify correct and incorrect swing form by analyzing the realtime strain sensor and accelerometer/gyroscope. This was accomplished using only the data from the e-skin shirt and sending it over Bluetooth to a smart phone to process.
e-skin + HoloLens Demo
Here is some footage that shows a real demo of our e-skin shirt used with a Microsoft HoloLens. We connected our e-skin directly to a Microsoft HoloLens and control the avatar with the movements of shoulder and elbow. The e-skin enables motion input outside the eyesight of the goggle.
*As for shirt size, we will explain in detail for backers to choose after the project success.
e-skin is a normal shirt that you can put on and take off easily
e-skin App：Windows、Android、Mac、iOS
*Mac, iOS to be prepared.
3 applications for sample demo.
Running / Fitness application
Control characters with your movement in e-skin. Check calories burned by playing it.
*This application works with Windows PC only.
Yoga application
Control sounds, lights with your movement in e-skin. Make your exercise log.
Data Tracker application (for developer)
Save your log data in e-skin and visualize with a graphical interface.
Durable : more than 10,000 stretches at a 50% strain rate
Washable : more than 100 wash cycles based on ISO 6330 4N-A standards
ONLY HERE! Kickstarter special edition
*Material and performance are the same as the standard black e-skin.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
* Note: E-skin offered as Reward is "e-skin Personal". Please refer to: About e-skin Personal license
Facebook | Twitter
Press Kit
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has hailed the successful test-launch of his country's new satellite carrier, saying such scientific achievements boost the Islamic Republic's power and grandeur.
“Today, space science and technology are of great importance to us, and the more we push forward in these and other scientific fields, the more powerful and dignified we will be,” Rouhani wrote in a message on his Instagram account on Thursday night.
Earlier in the day, the president went to Iran's central province of Semnan to attend the opening ceremony of the Imam Khomeini Space Center (IKSC), which began its operations by firing off the indigenous Simorgh carrier.
Designed and developed with the latest standards in mind, Iran's new space rocket can carry satellites weighing up to 250 kilograms (550 pounds) about 500 kilometers (310 miles) away, well within the Low Earth Orbit (LEO).
The rocket, Iran's largest to date, will be used to launch the domestically-built Earth observation satellite Tolou (Sunrise) in the near future.
Rouhani said the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), which led to the removal of Western sanctions, had ushered in a new opportunity for progress.
“In the post-JCPOA era, we have the opportunity to take note from others' experience while relying on the hard work of our own experts and scientists to earn achievements that ultimately boost national development,” the president wrote.
Meanwhile, Iran's Defense Minister ‎Hossein Dehqan, who accompanied Rouhani at the IKSC, told reporters that the spaceport acted as a “command and control site” that could track and control satellites at all times.
He noted that the center was already capable of launching satellites to higher orbits of up to 1,000 kilometers.
Read More:
Iran launched its first locally-built satellite, Omid (Hope), in 2009. The country also sent its first bio-capsule containing living creatures into space in February 2010, using Kavoshgar-3 (Explorer-3) carrier.
In February 2015, Iran placed the domestically-made Fajr (Dawn) satellite into orbit. The satellite is capable of taking and transmitting high-quality and accurate pictures to stations on Earth.
Simorgh's launch came days after the US Congress passed new sanctions against Iran over its development of missiles for defensive purposes. The bill, which also includes sanctions against Russia and North Korea, awaits US President Donald Trump's approval.
Iran has made it clear that it will continue to strengthen its missile prowess as part of its defense doctrine.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images
The UK is starting to be seen as a "divided, hostile and narrow-minded" country since its vote to leave the EU, Andy Burnham has warned.
In his last conference speech as shadow home secretary, Mr Burnham accused the government of planning a "hard-line, right-wing" exit from the EU.
He said Labour must fight for a "fair Brexit" that addressed immigration concerns and protected the UK economy.
The government said it would make a success of leaving the EU.
Mr Burnham, who is running for the Greater Manchester mayoralty, told Labour conference he was stepping down from the shadow cabinet to concentrate on his campaign.
In his speech, the outgoing shadow home secretary urged the party to unite and take the fight to the Conservatives, warning of what he sees as the risks of continued Conservative government.
"While we've been turning inwards, they've been taking liberties. Bringing back selection in our schools. Abandoning promises to the north. Plotting a hard-line, right-wing Brexit that burns Britain's bridges," he said.
"We are the only hope for people who don't want that. Yes, Labour must listen to our voters who voted to Leave. But let's be the champions of a fair Brexit, not a hard Brexit."
He warned that a "hard Brexit" would hurt the UK economy, hitting the poorest hardest and "turn Britain into a place it has never been: divided, hostile, narrow-minded".
"That is how the world is starting to see us. They think we've changed."
'Selfish little world'
There had been a "frightening spike" in hate crimes since the referendum vote on 23 June, Mr Burnham said.
He repeated his call for the government to grant EU nationals living in the UK the right to stay in the country after Brexit - a commitment the government says it wants to make as long as it can secure a reciprocal deal for Britons living abroad.
And he criticised Mrs May over the UK's response to the migrant crisis affecting Europe: "At every stage of the biggest refugee crisis since the end of the Second World War, she has dragged her feet.
"As Europe has struggled with the enormity of it, Britain has looked wrapped up in its own selfish little world."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Andy Burnham tells Radio 4's The World At One why he has resigned
Mr Burnham praised the "courage" of his predecessor, Yvette Cooper and Labour peer Alf Dubs for their campaigning on refugees, saying it had been left to them to "stand up for basic British decency".
Mr Burnham also warned that Labour could not afford to ignore voters' concerns about immigration, saying it must "fully face up" to the fact that "millions" of its supporters backed Brexit because they wanted "change".
"We haven't yet even begun to show to them that we understand why," he said.
He stressed that Brexit supporters were not "narrow-minded" or "xenophobic" and warned the party that its supporters would think the party has "abandoned" them if it argued in favour of the status quo on immigration.
Commenting on Mr Burnham's speech, Brexit minister Robin Walker said "many" Labour MPs "still don't even accept that we should leave the EU.
"Labour cannot make a success of Brexit because they don't think Britain can thrive outside the European Union - setting their face against millions of their own lifelong supporters."
Leader Jeremy Corbyn said in his end of conference speech that Labour under his leadership would not offer "false promises" on immigration numbers.
He said a new migrant impact fund would address "the real issues of immigration" and pledged his party would not "fan the flames of fear".
Michigan House Speaker Jase Bolger, R-Marshall, talks with reporters in his Capitol office on Wednesday in Lansing. (Photo: David Eggert, Associated Press)
A bill providing protections for people with sincerely held religious beliefs was put on a fast track Thursday, passing out of the House Judiciary committee and the full House of Representatives on straight party line votes Thursday.
Speaker of the House Jase Bolger, R-Marshall, who sponsored the bill, said the measure will do none of the horrible things opponents will claim but merely protect people and their beliefs and practice of religion.
He cited several examples of protections, from the baker who doesn't want to provide a wedding cake to same-sex marriage couple to the Jewish mother who doesn't want an autopsy on her son who died in a car crash. Both cited religious beliefs as reasons in their cases.
"This is not a license to discriminate," Bolger said. "People simply want their government to allow them to practice their faith in peace."
House voting, looks straight party line: 59-50. #RFRA passes. — Kathy Gray (@michpoligal) December 4, 2014
But opponents said that's exactly what the Religious Freedom Restoration Act is, especially since a companion bill that would have expanded Michigan's civil rights acts to the LGBT community was declared dead by Bolger after a committee couldn't get enough votes to move the bills to the full House on Wednesday.
"I'm sad and I think it's a shame that the Elliott Larsen path was closed yesterday," Bolger said. "But this bill should be pursued."
Opponents, however, said there are already plenty of protections for religious beliefs.
"The free exercise of religion is one of the most basic principles in our state and federal constitutions," said state Rep. Vicki Barnett, D-Farmington Hills. "This bill moves us in a new and unchartered directions. It requires me and others to practice the faith of our employers, grocers and pharmacists."
Susan Grettenberger, a Central Michigan University professor and social worker, said the religious freedom bill could have seriously harmful consequences, giving an example of a social worker who refused to counsel people based on religious beliefs that didn't support homosexuality.
"Social workers who are opposed to war on religious ground could refuse to serve military members," she said. "If their religion excludes the use of alcohol, they could refuse a client with substance abuse problems."
But constitutional law expert William Wagner, a supporter of the bill, which passed the House on a 59-50 party-line vote, said those examples weren't valid.
"This is about asserting a religious belief against a government action," he said, not between individuals. "The question is, are we still going to be tolerant of religious communities."
And Tom Hickson of the Michigan Catholic Conference, added: "A Michigan Religious Freedom Restoration Act is good for tolerance and diversity, it is good for individual and religious liberties, and it is for the common good of society."
The Michigan Civil Rights Commission, which opposes the bill, wasn't given the opportunity to testify during the committee hearing, but spokeswoman Leslee Fritz said the government action phrase was taken out of portions of the legislation passed by the committee.
"The overwhelming concern we have is the intersection of this legislation and the Elliott Larsen Civil Rights Act," she said. "This legislation would undermine the protections provided in Elliott Larsen."
Dem amendments all being gaveled down, including one that would require tithing or service to the church to prove religious beliefs. — Kathy Gray (@michpoligal) December 4, 2014
Amendments offered by Democrats would have required: the law to state clearly that the bill would not interfere with the protections offered by the state's civil rights act; that a person asserting a sincerely held religious belief claim provide proof either through tithing to their church or evidence of community service; or that local communities be allowed to pass their own ordinances.
All the amendments failed and all the Democrats on the committee and in the full House opposed the bill, while all the Republicans supported it.
The bill - HB 5958 - now moves to the state Senate, where Majority Leader Randy Richardville, R-Monroe, said his caucus will take a look at the legislation.
The House also passed a separate package of bills, on mostly party-line votes, that would allow adoption agencies to refuse services to people if that violated their sincerely held religious beliefs. Those bills also now move to the Senate.
Contact Kathleen Gray: 517-372-8661, kgray99@freepress.com or on Twitter @michpoligal
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1CJbzl4
For the second time in recent weeks President Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has acted, alongside Russian President Vladimir Putin and ISIS terrorists, to help far-right National Front candidate Marine Le Pen become the next president of France in the election that begins with the critical first round of voting on Sunday.
After the terror attack in Paris on Thursday, Trump tweeted Friday morning that the terror attack would have a significant influence on the French election. This was widely viewed as Trump offering some form of tacit support for Le Pen, who was politically exploiting the terror attack at the very moment Trump was suggesting it would help her campaign.
ADVERTISEMENT
Several weeks ago, Trump publicly insulted the city of Paris by saying that Paris is no longer Paris, in what was obviously a reference to Muslims living in the city. This comment from Trump created a firestorm in France and drew virtually unanimous condemnation across the spectrum of French opinion.
Marine Le Pen, who leads the far-right National Front Party in France and is widely expected to emerge from Sunday's vote as one of the two finalists for the runoff election several weeks later, is aggressively anti-EU, hostile to NATO, against the euro and pro-Vladimir Putin.
Intelligence officials throughout Western democracies have made it known they have evidence that Russia is interfering in the French election in support of Le Pen, in the same way Russia interfered in the American election in support of Trump. This has been a major story throughout French media.
Putin appears to be working covertly for Le Pen because her election would wreak havoc on the EU and NATO. It is no coincidence that Le Pen has been heavily dependent on Russian money through banks close to Putin.
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2017
Putin's intelligence services, according to multiple sources, have been spreading fake news stories attacking Emmanuel Macron, the former Socialist cabinet member and independent candidate who analysts believe is the most likely candidate to face Le Pen in the runoff.
This week's terror attack in Paris, which ISIS has claimed credit for, was obviously timed so close to the French election on Sunday to help Le Pen foment anti-Muslim backlash and gain ground for the Sunday vote.
Trump is making an enormous mistake by making it appear he favors Le Pen. Does Trump really want to be aligned with a Russian dictator and a mass-murdering terrorist group in support of a far-right extremist candidate to be president of France?
If the finalists in France are Macron and Le Pen, attention will shift back to Trump with a white-hot intensity if he does or says one more thing seeming to favor Le Pen. One of the few things to unite true progressives and principled conservatives, advocates of peace and military leaders, civil rights advocates and civil libertarians is vehement opposition to the National Front Party, Marine Le Pen and everything they represent.
If Le Pen is ultimately elected and becomes the next president of France, the story will be the possible end of the EU and crisis for NATO. If Macron is the other finalist and ultimately defeats Le Pen, the story will be the rollback and reversal of the extreme right, the far right and the alt right, including the unpopularity of Trump, the defeat of the far right in the recent election in the Netherlands and the defeat of Le Pen if she loses.
The stakes in the coming French election are enormous for France, Europe and the future of Western democracy. Trump should immediately stop all comments that could be interpreted as supporting Le Pen or far-right extremism in France and anywhere else.
No president of the United States should ever be, or appear to be, aligned with terrorists and a Russian dictator against equality or democracy in France or any nation.
Budowsky was an aide to former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D-Texas) and Rep. Bill Alexander (D-Ark.), then-chief deputy majority whip of the House. He holds an LL.M. in international financial law from the London School of Economics. He can be read on The Hill's Contributors blog and reached at brentbbi@webtv.net.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
It was a hot and dry summer, and my plants suffered because I had to ration water. Sound familiar? Yup, I heard it from every one of my gardener friends this year. Our soil is volcanic, rocky and very dry, and the water runs straight through the ground without wicking out to my needy plants. Luckily one of my best friends is a permaculture specialist, and she helped me redesign my raised beds in the hugelkultur style (check this link for some cool pictures!). “Hugelkultur” means “hill culture” in German, and is basically a style of gardening on top of a composting pile of logs, straw and manure. The composting mass soaks up water like a giant sponge, and slowly releases it back into the soil as it dries. As my friend put it, “Your plants will be watered with January's rain in June”. EXCELLENT!
Drought Tolerant Raised Beds
The basic idea of this “lasagna-style” gardening technique is to bury lots of organic matter that will soak up rain water and decompose over time, which will nourish your soil for many years. You also won't have to turn the soil over ever again because those layers will be working hard to create the damp, rich conditions for your plants to thrive.
Layering from the bottom up, start with a pile of wood, then straw, steer manure, cardboard, and then end with a layer of compost on top. This is definitely not limited to raised beds, in fact, if you want to start a new garden bed (even on a lawn!), just start layering!
First, dig out the existing soil, save it on a tarp for adding back later.
We had lined our beds with hardware cloth to keep out the gophers, and it was still in good shape 5+ years later. These beds were built from salvaging an old deck off a nearby farmhouse.
The first layer is wood. Hardwoods will last a long time, so we threw in all the knuckle pieces and bark from our woodpile.
Water each layer as you go, you really want to soak all the wood to create that sponge.
The next layer is a few inches of straw, cover the wood and water well. We had a bale of old straw that had already started to rot, which we couldn't use for the chicken coop, so this was a great way to make use of it.
Spread a layer of composted steer manure over the straw, to give it a nice boost of nitrogen. You need this because the decomposing wood will rob nitrogen from the soil during the first year, so this helps adjust for for that.
Next up is cardboard, try not use any cardboard that is dyed or glossy, they will add undesirable funk to your soil. Water as you go!
Finally, add rich compost as the top layer. This is where you can add back the soil you dug out. Now is a good time to amend it with some fresh compost or organic soil booster. Keep watering it until it is good and soggy, then water it some more.
I planted 4 types of kale, broccoli, spinach, and garlic about 2 months ago, and they are thriving through the winter. We had a month of solid rain right after we rebuilt these beds, which is pretty exciting, though I hope we get more. I can't wait to see how my peppers, squash and tomatoes do this summer, I'll keep you posted on how this drought tolerant raised beds improve the health of my garden and my harvest. Oh, and don't forget to mulch, even in the winter!
A leader of the M23 rebel group that has been battling the Congo government for almost two years said Tuesday that the group is ending its fight after the Congolese military seized its last strongholds.
The group will stop fighting but will continue to pursue its goals through the political system, M23 President Bertrand Bisimwa said in a statement, the Associated Press reports. He instructed the rebels to disarm and prepare to re-enter society on the Congolese government's terms. The Congolese government declared victory over the rebels.
The group is made up mostly of ethnic Tutsis, and experts warn that other Tutsi rebel groups could emerge in wake of their defeat. United Nations officials confirm widespread reports that the M23 group was being aided and funded by the president of neighboring Rwanda, who is a Tutsi, but the Rwandan government denies the allegations.
U.S. Envoy to the Congo Russ Feingold called M23's announcement a “step in the right direction.”
[AP]
Like Last Favourite Month's Boyband, Desktop Music Stores Are Deemed Past It
Ubuntu's default music player won't ship with the Ubuntu One Music Store plugin in 13.04.
With the Ubuntu One Music Store now available via the web, and all Dash music recommendations linking there, the decision has been taken to retire the Rhythmbox plugin ‘in favour‘ of the web store.
But this change will make the store more discoverable.
Plugins, Schmugins
The Ubuntu One Music Store plugin debuted in Ubuntu 10.04, and since that time it's not changed a great deal. It also limited itself to just two media players: Rhythmbox and Banshee.
But now that a link to the Ubuntu One Music Store is pinned on the launcher of Ubuntu 12.10 by default – and is likely to remain in place in 13.04 – every user of Ubuntu can see and access it without needing to open (or even use) Rhythmbox.
Ubuntu One Features Remain
Despite the store bidding adieu other features of the Ubuntu One Rhythmbox plugin will remain.
This includes the “auto-sync” feature that automatically adds purchased tracks to your library.
Usually making Ubuntu mount a partition at startup would require fiddling with the “fstab” which is confusing. The easiest way to mount your partitions automatically when you turn on your computer is by reading this article. So let's get started!
Image by ﻿﻿matsuyuki
We are going to install the program that will make the process easy is called “Storage Device Manager”. Enter this command in a terminal window to install it:
sudo apt-get install pysdm
Or search for it in Ubuntu Software Center
Now fire it up from System > Administration > Storage Device Manager. Once running, from the left hand side panel choose the partition you want to be mounted on startup (expand the hard drives list first). Then click on “Assistant” on the right side.
Now you are presented with the options window. Just check the “The file system is mounted at boot time” and uncheck the “Mount file system in read-only mode”.
You can edit the other options if you want but be careful, it might damage your system. When done click the “OK” button then hit “Apply”. Close the program and restart to see the effect. That's it!
We were not satisfied with the durability and print precision of brass nozzles, because as more heat is affecting the nozzle:
as bigger will the nozzle hole become (especially during long lasting prints)
as softer will brass become
and ultimately: the usage of abrasive printing material such as carbon fiber filament will do the rest and wears out the nozzle very fast. These are absolutely No-Go's for 3D Printer Enthusiasts and especially for professional Print-Shops, Prototyping Services and Designers who want to offer their customers high quality products to a fair price because failures will rise the costs.
So we had the idea to scale down the tungsten extruder dies of the plastics industry to the size of a common 3D Printer nozzle and so our tungsten premium nozzle was born.
...3D Printers evolve, while crucial main parts of a printer seem to stand still...
more features and advantages:
outstanding nozzle material properties: energy efficient / ensure high quality printing results
/ Calibration efforts are more stable (constant layer thickness even during extreme long print-runs as well as during high temperature print processes )
) No extreme tempering effect. ( Hardened Steel nozzles suffer a strong tempering effect caused by heat, which makes the steel softer.)
caused by heat, which makes the steel softer.) Our flattened nozzle tip doesn't scratch glas beds unlike diamond / sapphire nozzles or not flattened nozzle tips.
beds unlike diamond / sapphire nozzles or not flattened nozzle tips. Another positive aspect is that there is no need for long lasting researches because it is anyway a reliable quality standard in the plastic extrusion industries and this lowered the developing cost of the 3D Printer nozzle and it grants a fast production after the crowdfunding campaign became successful.
because it is anyway a and this lowered the developing cost of the 3D Printer nozzle and it after the crowdfunding campaign became successful. It has no tungsten nozzle tip in a steel or brass body instead our nozzle is completely made of a premium tungsten alloy which makes it more reliable and grants better thermal conductivity
Made of a premium tungsten alloy which is generally used in the plastics industry or for aerospace applications
dddmaterial Tungsten Premium Nozzles
Why are Diamonds and other gems not the best choice for a nozzle?
Why didn't we make a diamond nozzle? Diamond is actually the most superior material for printer nozzles. But a nozzle completely made of diamond would also cause superior costs. So the general trade-off in this case is that just the tiny nozzle tip will be then made of diamond, while the rest of the nozzle is made of cheaper materials like steel or brass. Such nozzles with a gem nozzle tip are actually used for water jet cutting and sandblaster applications and we think such nozzle design in case of 3D Printing requires too many compromises so if we ever make a diamond nozzle then definitely one without any compromise.
Disadvantages of nozzles with a gem nozzle tip:
you will give up most of the high thermal conductivity features of the diamond. A high thermal conductivity saves energy and your wallet
you will get an unreliable nozzle tip which can drop out or leak after several printing processes ( heating expands and cooling shrinks the body )
and ) if the nozzle tip is positioned wrong or due to expanding and shrinking of the nozzle body you will get uneven printing results
a big part of the 3D Printing Community is using a glass bed as printing surface. A nozzle with diamond tip or not flattened tip can easily scratch, cut and break it
Why are (hardened/stainless etc.) Steel Nozzles not the best choice as a 3D Printer Nozzle?
Steel is harder than brass and a budget-priced material. But it comes together with some disadvantages:
its low thermal conductivity causing higher energy consumption , so compared to brass, diamond, tungsten and its alloys etc. the steel version is the worst one.
, so compared to brass, diamond, tungsten and its alloys etc. the steel version is the worst one. as consequence to the lower thermal conductivity it will need more effort in calibrating the right temperatures for each printing process
in calibrating the right temperatures for each printing process hardened steel gets tempered during the printing process and thus it becomes softer than advertised
Better expansion co-efficient than brass but worse than our tungsten premium nozzle
Made to meet the high requirements of professional 3D Printing businesses and 3D Printing enthusiasts.
What did we do to ensure you a top quality product?
Already months ago before this kickstarter campaign we introduced our project to the 3D Printing Community and offered free samples worldwide for testing purposes. We announced it on various 3D Printer Magazines and Printer Boards:
Link (English): https://www.3printr.com/testers-wanted-3d-printer-tungsten-premium-nozzle-dddmaterial-5133460/
Link (German): http://3druck.com/pressemeldungen/dddmaterial-sucht-prototypen-tester-fuer-wolfram-premium-3d-druckerduesen-4341011/
Various research institutes, companies and leading figures of the 3D printing community evaluated our nozzles. With their support and feedback we improved our nozzle. The complete promotional event was expensive but it was worth it especially for you backers because it ensures that you will get a reliable and tested premium quality product!
Tungsten Premium Nozzle & a package prototype
M6 Thread (Compatible to a wide range of Hotends with M6 Thread, such as E3D)
For 1.75mm Filaments
0.4mm
(Other hole sizes or a nozzle for 2.85/3.0mm Filaments will be probably offered after a successful crowdfunding campaign)
Drawing of the updated model, according to the feedback of the free samples evaluation
Which 3D Printing materials need high temperatures?
Polycarbonate (PC) ~260° C ( 500° F)
Nylon 250° C up to 300° C (482° - 572° F)
ABS ~230° C (446° F)
PEEK ~400°C (752° F)
Which are typical abrasive 3D Printing materials?
white filament (the color white is achieved by adding titan oxide to the plastic)
Compounds like various metal, wood, stone or carbon fiber filaments
50.000 EUR
Everyone who gets a nozzle, gets additionally one compatible aluminium hotend
60.000 EUR
All nozzles get an Aluminium Nitride (AlN) Coating. AlN is an extra hard ceramic coating with high thermal conductivity & very low expansion coefficient. The coating is also used in the plastic extrusions industry for the coating of the extruder barrels and screws.
85.000 EUR
Compatible aluminium hotend will be added to each nozzle
dddmaterial was founded in 2014. We focus on the construction of plastic extruders like our upcoming industrial extruder:
And we focus on the development of 3D Printer Equipment for professional purposes, the manufacturing of 3D Printers and their print materials.
Since 2014 we're actively blogging about our projects, 3D Printing and plastic extrusion related topics. Check here our blog.
And in 2015 we introduced our projects to the public on the Maker Faire in Hannover, Germany.
Why do we need the money?
Tungsten is compared to brass or steel a pretty expensive metal, and the production of a tungsten premium nozzle as well because it is a much more challenging material. And last but not least: manufacturing just a small amount of nozzles would cause very high retail prices ($80 to $100 USD per nozzle). That's why we need your support! Thank you!
Check our webpage for tutorials, news or project updates & videos
Links:
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 28, 2017, 11:51 PM GMT / Updated March 28, 2017, 11:51 PM GMT By Maggie Fox
President Donald Trump, who had just proposed slashing the National Institutes of Health's budget for next year by 20 percent, suggested an immediate $1.2 billion cut to the agency Tuesday.
There's still not a proper budget to run the country this year. Congress passed a kind of holding measure called a continuing resolution at the end of last year and left the real work for after Trump took office.
Trump laid out a vague plan for 2018 earlier this month, and on Tuesday the White House released ideas for this year's budget. Congress is responsible for spending bills, but whoever's president usually lays out a plan for the House and Senate to follow.
Congress, however, has in general been supportive of medical research spending.
Related: Proposed Trump Budget Cuts Would Devastate Medical Spending, Experts Say
The 2017 budget year ends in October. Trump's plan for this year would mean agency heads will have to move funding from programs that are already under way.
President Donald Trump speaks at the White House on March 24 as HHS Secretary Tom Price, left, and Vice President Mike Pence look on. Olivier Doulery / Pool via Getty Images
“His focus is on cutting science programs,” Charles Kieffer,Democratic staff director on the Senate Appropriations Committee, told a panel at the Bipartisan Policy Center on Tuesday.
“They are forcing these rob-Peter-to-pay-Paul decisions that will have consequences for a generation."
“They are forcing these rob-Peter-to-pay-Paul decisions that will have consequences for a generation,” Kieffer added.
The Trump proposals would slice $1.2 billion from a $31.6 billion NIH budget as it was laid out in the December continuing resolution. They also target health and science programs across other government agencies, including plans to:
Take $350 million from the National Science Foundation's $6.9 billion budget
Cut $37 million from the Department of Energy's $5.3 billion worth of science programs
Excise $48 million from the Environmental Protection Agency's research and development budget of $483 million
Cut in half the $101 million Teen Pregnancy Prevention program
Reduce Food and Drug Administration staff spending by $40 million
Cut domestic and global HIV/AIDS programs by $100 million plus cut the Presidential Emergency Program for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) $4.3 billion budget by $242 million
Completely delete the $72 million Global Health Security fund at the State Department and cut other global health programs by $90 million and $62 million for global family planning
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price is scheduled to appear before the House Committee on Appropriations Wednesday to explain the proposals.
New Screenshots and Details Revealed about Clan of Champions
Giuseppe Nelva September 28, 2011 10:45:25 PM EST
Today Acquire revealed some interesting new details about Gladiator VS, that will be published in the West by NIS America with the title Clan of Champions on PS3, PC and Xbox 360.
Players will be able to customize their characters extensively, changing not only the race, but also hair color ans style, the shape of the head and the facial features, tattoos and a lot of different body parts.
The first mission has also been revealed: it's title is “Cursed abandoned ruins” and will see the player leading a group of mercenaries to wipe out a group of enemies in a ruined temple.
You can see a few screenshots of the character customization and of the first mission past the cut:
On Saturday's edition of “Up With Chris Hayes,” Gary Johnson brought up an old Newt Gingrich idea I hadn't heard before: Putting individuals who brought more than two ounces of marijuana into the United States to death. That sounded extreme, even for Gingrich. So I looked it up. And sure enough, there it is: “The Drug Importer Death Penalty Act of 1996.” What makes the bill even more amazing is that Gingrich himself is a confessed pot smoker. When he was young, he said, experimenting with drugs “was a sign we were alive and in graduate school in that era.”
Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich. (Getty Images)
He's got the largest and most fiscally irresponsible tax cut in the race, but he doesn't mention it much. His plans to cut spending are vague. He says he agrees with Ron Paul on the dangers of fiat money and the Federal Reserve, but he hasn't proposed doing anything about it. Last night, during his speech in South Carolina, the only policy he explained in any detail was a proposal to allow offshore drilling off the coast of Louisiana and use the resulting revenues to modernize the port. That would be a medium-sized idea if he was running for governor of Louisiana. It's the 14th bullet point in your energy policy when you're running for president.
Broadly speaking, this seems typical for Gingrich's career: His ideas on the big issues are standard-issue conservatism, and they're mixed in with occasional flights of fancy (illuminate highways using orbiting mirrors that reflect moonlight), pure plays to resentment and fear (execute 19-year-olds who are stupidly trying to smuggle two ounces of pot from Mexico), and a lot of small, specific ideas, like the Louisiana port reconstruction. But perhaps I'm wrong. Can anyone name some actually big, actually workable, actually new ideas that Gingrich has been associated with during his career? What has he brought to the table that wouldn't have been there in his absence?
Amazon's Dash Button and frictionless, invisible computers
Jonathan Hillis Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 2, 2015
This week, Amazon released a small plastic button that you can affix to anything. You press the button, and it orders more of a specific product for you.
The device was panned on Hacker News. The general public was so skeptical that journalists had to assure everyone that it was not a silly April Fools' joke. It was derided as “an excess of convenience”:
Few people have complained, as of yet, about the laborious walk to a laptop where they have to sweat and agonize over Amazon's “one-click” shopping button. But for those weary souls who are tired of having to pull out a smartphone and go through the motions to order more Tide detergent, the cavalry has come.
Putting the smarminess of that quote aside, when was the last time consumers disliked something because it was too convenient?
Amazon's empire is built on products and services that create an “excess of convenience” consumers love—not only the one-click shopping mentioned above, but also product recommendations, standard 2-day delivery, Prime, and Prime Now. Even Amazon Dash is already finding ways to become even more convenient: they recently rolled out an API for smart devices that can automatically re-order consumables, no button press needed:
Uber is an “excess of convenience” for getting a taxi. Twitter is an “excess of convenience” for blogging. Tinder is an “excess of convenience” for online dating.
Every person has a level of friction at which they are willing to do a given task, and as you lower the friction, more people are willing to step over the barrier. Even small decreases in friction can drive many more people to use a product. I used to work for a large e-commerce company that invested millions of dollars in shaving milliseconds off of web page loading times, because even imperceptibly faster load times led to significantly increased revenue.
As friction decreases, computers become invisible
Hiding behind Amazon's little button are giant warehouses, logistics networks, payment systems, robots, and inventory management algorithms. But, because the process of pressing the button is so easy, you never have to stop and think about any of that — it all becomes invisible.
Being able to compartmentalize a concept and stop thinking about the underlying system is what programmers call functional abstraction:
[Functional abstraction] lets us manipulate information without worrying about the details of its underlying representation. Once we figure out how to accomplish a given function, we can put the mechanism in a “black box,” or a “building block” and stop thinking about it.
(from The Pattern on the Stone, p. 18)
When railroads were invented, they revolutionized transportation. We spent 100 years perfecting the technology of railroads. Explosive growth came from increasing the efficiency and decreasing the friction of railroad systems.
Eventually, we were able to systematize these solutions. We still use railroad technology today, but now we don't have to think or talk much about it:
And now, the same thing is happening to software:
Amazon's Dash Button is a small example of what functional abstraction looks like today. People using these buttons can stop thinking about the fact that computers are even involved in the process of buying things, and devote that time to something else.
The impact of reducing friction
It's hard to imagine the impact that reducing friction can have when it is multiplied by millions of users. But successful entrepreneurs like Drew Houston are able to conceptualize how valuable this is:
“Every time we find ways to save you 15 minutes to an hour, times hundreds of millions of people,” he tells me, “it's, like, we save lifetimes of pain, every day.”
But the time saved by pressing a button instead of logging onto a website is not even the biggest gain. The biggest gain comes from not having to store, recall, and process unnecessary information in your brain.
Imagine that I run out of laundry detergent. I pull out my phone, and add “Buy more detergent” to my to-do list app. Some little part of my working memory is being occupied by a nagging feeling that I have something to buy on Amazon. Next time I'm at my computer, I need to check my to-do list, remember my Amazon credentials, search for detergent, sort through the options, and try to remember what I've used before. Throughout this process, I've had to interact with my computer, Amazon's website, my phone, and my to-do list app. It's a lot of unnecessary software to deal with, when instead…
I could just push a button and go back to thinking about The Most Important Thing. I'm amazed at how much more I get done when I don't have to worry about the trivial details of life, like running out of detergent. All of those little nagging feelings occupying my working memory add up, and — for a distraction prone person like me — they pop back into my thoughts at the most inconvenient times, killing productivity.
Technology gets a bad reputation for wiring us for distraction. But the technologies I'm most excited about do the opposite: they let us focus on what's important, and delegate the rest to invisible, frictionless computers.
Aug 28, 2015 Ξ Comments are off
If reports circulating in various entertainment publications are true, a White actress won't be cast in the title role of Disney's live action remake of Mulan, reports VC Post.
Depending on which report you believe, the part will go to Glee's Jenna Ushkowitz or Marvel's Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D's Ming-Na Wen.
Pop Crush reports that Ushkowitz is in negotiations with Disney to play the title character.
Judging from this quote, the anonymous source Pop Crush is quoting is a big fan of the actress.
”Among the potential talent for Mulan, virtually none possesses the combination of star quality, relevant age, musical talent, and beauty Disney would need for its lead. It's unsurprising that fans are rallying behind Ushkowitz who, thanks to her long tenure as Tina Cohen-Chang on Glee, has significant credibility with this film's target audience.”
Another fan favorite for the role has been Ming-Na Wen who played the voice of Mulan in the animated version. Ming-Na definitely has the bigger name of the two actresses mentioned and she has not been shy about publicly stating her desire to play the role.
There has been much fan anxiety that Disney might whitewash Mulan. A petition on Care2Care urging Disney not to do that has so far generated more than 76,000 signatures.
I keep wondering whether the Catholic Church is on the Red Ball Express toward self-destruction, or whether, by holding the hard line on things like masturbation and homosexuality, it can still maintain adherents. I think that, unless they reform radically, they'll ultimately become insignificant, but that will take a long time, and what do I know?
The growing breach between the Vatican and even its own official minions is clear in a new piece in the Guardian, “Vatican denounces nun's book on sexual ethics.” The details (I've added a link to the book):
The Vatican has condemned a leading American nun for writing a book in which she praises female masturbation and approves divorce and gay sex and marriage, warning that the book must not be used by catholic educators. The Vatican's criticism of Sister Margaret Farley, a professor emeritus of Christian ethics at Yale University, comes amid escalating tension with America's nuns, after the Holy See accused them of preaching “radical feminist” ideas. In a statement approved by pope Benedict and issued on Monday, the Vatican's doctrinal office claims Farley's book, Just Love, a Framework for Christian Sexual Ethics, “ignores the constant teaching of the Magisterium or, where it is occasionally mentioned, treats it as one opinion among others”. The statement singles out Farley's claim that many women “have found great good in self-pleasuring – perhaps especially in the discovery of their own possibilities for pleasure – something many had not experienced or even known about in their ordinary sexual relations with husbands or lovers.” Masturbation, she concludes, “actually serves relationships rather than hindering them”. That view, the Vatican stated, contradicted the Catholic belief that masturbation is a “gravely disordered action”. Farley's approval of gay sex ignored “Sacred Scripture, which presents homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity”, while her backing for gay unions was tantamount to “approval of deviant behaviour,” the Vatican said. Her openness to divorce and remarriage was deemed as “contravening God's law”. When Just Love was first published in 2006, it was adopted by catholic educators in the US and won a prestigious religious book prize.
This is how the Vatican keeps its hold on people, starting with the young. Show me a teenager who hasn't masturbated, and therefore isn't guilty of a “gravely disordered action.” That of course, could send you to hell unless you go into the booth and say, “Forgive me, Father, for I have touched myself three times this week.” How the priests must lick their lips at that! Any reader who hasn't engaged in self-pleasuring, weigh in below—if I don't hear anything, I'll assume that everyone has.
And, of course, the Church still views homosexual acts as another possible cause of mortal sin, something that can send one to hell (reconceived, of course, as “separation from God”). I wonder why any gays—people like Andrew Sullivan—can remain members of a church that condemns them so seriously. The excuse that “I'm changing it from the inside” won't wash.
Well, the church still holds the hard line. Should this continue, we'll wind up with a Catholic faith in which virtually every member (including nuns and priests) regularly commits grave or mortal sins. The Guardian comments further on the Vatican's report:
That approach runs contrary to pope Benedict's firm belief that the Catholic church will only survive if it clings to its core beliefs without compromise. The report warned: “Sister Farley manifests a defective understanding of the objective nature of the natural moral law. This approach is not consistent with authentic Catholic theology.”
Well, if the moral law is objective, it can't be changed—ever. Unlike other churches, this is the ultimate reason why Catholicism is doomed to irrelevancy. If you want a good laugh, read about “natural law” here.
Well, it's July. Perhaps you'll be doing some reading on a beach this month; alternately, you might be seeking to find a place, any place, with air conditioning to start turning pages and delving into something. The range of books we're excited about this month encompasses everything from punk-influenced fiction to thoughtful meditations on national issues to acclaimed works in translation. What follows is a selection of the July books we're looking forward to the most.
Mozos: A Decade Running With the Bulls of Spain, Bill Hillmann
(July 7, Curbside Splendor)
Bill Hillmann's novel The Old Neighborhood was a favorite around these parts, and we're looking forward to his new book, which leaps across the Atlantic to zero in on another of his interests: running with the bulls.
The Next Next Level, Leon Neyfakh
(July 7, Melville House)
Leon Neyfakh's nonfiction has encompassed everything from pop culture to criminal justice. In this book, he chronicles his friendship with rapper Juiceboxxx, and along the way meditates on art, sincerity, and the cost of following your dreams.
The Invaders, Karolina Waclawiak
(July 7, Regan Arts)
Karolina Waclawiak's debut novel How to Get Into the Twin Palms was a keenly-observed story of characters trying, and often failing, to connect, in various pockets of Los Angeles. Her followup is a take on class and privilege set in a Connecticut town; we're eager to see her gaze trained on a decidedly different milieu.
The Small Backs of Children, Lidia Yuknavitch
(July 7, Harper)
In the latest book from Lidia Yuknavitch, she delves into the aftermath of conflict and tragedy, showing how one image can impact the lives of numerous characters. Given Yuknavitch's talent for delving into the unexpected, we're looking forward to seeing her work on an even larger canvas.
Between the World and Me, Ta-Nehisi Coates
(July 14, Spiegel & Grau)
Fans of Ta-Nehisi Coates's writing got an unexpected gift when publisher Spiegel & Grau decided to move up the publication date of his new book Between the World and Me. Given that Coates is arguably America's leading public intellectual right now, we're looking forward to reading this a little earlier than we'd expected.
Confession of the Lioness, Mia Couto
(July 14, Farrar, Straus and Giroux)
In Mia Couto's surreal and visceral novel, a small community in rural Mozambique is beset by a series of lion attacks. Their reaction forces several characters to reckon with their pasts, with surprising results, as this book proceeds towards a haunting conclusion.
About a Girl, Sarah McCarry
(July 14, St. Martin's Griffin)
The first two books in this loose trilogy blended a knowing take on the Northwest's punk scene with riffs on Greek mythology, finding an impressive balance between the specific and the timeless. Both were compelling and neatly arranged, and we're looking forward to seeing what's in store for the third.
All This Life, Joshua Mohr
(July 14, Soft Skull)
Joshua Mohr's latest novel follows a selection of disparate characters brought together in and around San Francisco in the wake of a surreal and tragic event, weaving in observations on gentrification and the bleaker side of online personas.
Lovers on All Saints' Day, Juan Gabriel Vasquez
(July 21, Riverhead)
As the international profile of the Colombian writer Juan Gabriel Vásquez grows, this collection of short stories should be of interest to many, whether they first started reading him via his award-winning The Sound of Things Falling or did so even earlier.
‘I', Wolfgang Hilbig
(July 28, Seagull Press)
2015 looks to be a big year for readers of the German writer Wolfgang Hilbig; later in the fall, an English translation of his novel The Sleep of the Righteous will be released by Two Lines. This summer brings with it his novel ‘I', a book about Communist-era surveillance, identity, and a David Bowie doppelganger.
Follow Vol. 1 Brooklyn on Twitter, Facebook, Google +, our Tumblr, and sign up for our mailing list.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
In a candid admission at the Cannes Film Festival, Pamela Anderson said she wanted to die after a childhood of sexual abuse that culminated in a gang rape orchestrated by a school boyfriend.
The famed “Baywatch” babe stunned guests Friday at the launch of the Pamela Anderson Foundation, which coincided with the festival, when she revealed details of the abuse that started when she was only 6 years old.
“I did not have an easy childhood,” said Anderson, 46.
“Despite loving parents, I was molested from age 6 by a female baby sitter.”
Then at age 12, she was raped by a 25-year-old male acquaintance, she said.
“I went to a friend's boyfriend's house and his older brother decided to teach me backgammon, which led into a back massage, which led into rape,” she said. “My first heterosexual experience.”
A school boyfriend later led a half-dozen buddies in an unspeakable assault against the Canadian girl who went on to become a model and actress, she said.
“[The boyfriend] decided it would be funny to gang-rape me with six friends,” Anderson said. “I wanted off this Earth.
“This meant I had a hard time trusting humans. My parents tried to keep me safe, but to me, the world was not a safe place. My dad was an alcoholic. My mom worked two jobs. My mom was always crying. Dad didn't always come home.”
The sexual assaults, Anderson said, prompted her to trust animals and plants a lot more easily than humans.
“My affinity with animals saved me. It came to me naturally. The trees spoke to me,” said the star. “I wasn't sure why I was alive. A burning question.”
Anderson shared her heartbreaking stories with 200 guests at the event, including hubby Rick Salomon and son Brandon, her eldest child from her marriage to rocker Tommy Lee.
Anderson said her pinup-girl fame has opened doors that might have been closed to other activists.
“I've had the ear of people like [Fidel] Castro and [Vladimir] Putin,” Anderson said, according to The Telegraph newspaper.
“Russia stopped the importation of harp-seal products, which closed 90 percent of the market.”
And when she meets with powerful people and world leaders, they always have one request of her.
“They always want a lot of pictures [to be taken],” Anderson said. “But whatever it takes.”
Anderson's foundation will help groups dedicated to human rights, animal rights and the environment, the actress said.
Jozy Altidore has scored four goals in two Eredivisie games this season, putting two past Heracles to give AZ its first win of the year.
Follow ZAC LEE RIGG on or shoot him an email
Jozy Altidore scored twice against SC Heracles Almelo to give AZ Alkmaar a 3-1 win on Sunday.The American international opened the scoring in the 16th minute. Altidore latched onto a clearance from the defense and fed Roy Beerens. The two crisscrossed runs, and Beerens' cross left Altidore with a tap-in at the far post.The delightfully named Maarten Martens put AZ two up before the half.Samuel Armenteros pulled one back for Heracles in the 86th minute, but Altidore restored the two-goal cushion shortly after. The 22-year-old again pounced on a clearance, this time going it alone. He flitted on a diagonal run in front of the Heracles backline and cut a sharp low shot back toward the left corner of the goal.Altidore scored a brace against Ajax in the first matchday of the season as well. He now has four goals in two games, which gives him the lead in the Eredivisie goalscoring charts.
The state's largest labor union, the Colorado AFL-CIO, is not endorsing incumbent Democratic U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet for re-election, showing just how much the issue of trade could play in the 2016 elections.
The lack of an endorsement has also allowed a third party candidate challenging Bennet to capitalize on the move.
The Colorado AFL-CIO represents more than 300,000 union members and families in the state. Over the weekend, its political committee met after interviewing candidates in the closely watched Colorado U.S. Senate race.
One issue dominated the discussion when it came to endorsements: Trade.
“The Trans-Pacific Partnership weighed heavily on our affiliates' decision to remain neutral in the U.S. Senate race,” said Sam Gilchrist, director of the Colorado AFL-CIO, in a statement. “We deeply respect Senator Bennet, and all he has done for Colorado's working families. However, the affiliates present at our convention could not reach the two-thirds majority needed to endorse.”
Bennet has not yet taken a public position on TPP.
But Bennet voted on a measure giving Obama the authority to “fast track” negotiations for it and other global trade agreements, and Bennet has drawn fire from the AFL-CIO for his stance on trade before. Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have come out against TPP.
That the state's largest labor group took a pass on Bennet this year isn't to say he's lost union support in Colorado or nationally. At least 10 organized labor groups from the Sheet Metal Workers to Air Traffic Controllers to the Rural Letter Carriers Association have contributed to his campaign.
“Michael's proud to be supported by a majority of union members across Colorado and in the Senate he'll continue fighting for middle-class families and working to get things done for Colorado,” says his campaign spokeswoman Alyssa Roberts.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a trade agreement backed by President Barack Obama among some countries that corner the Pacific Ocean and is geared toward reducing trade barriers among them.
“But it will do a lot of other things, too,” writes Vox.com in an explanation of the deal. “The agreement could require countries to adopt stricter labor and environmental rules, provide stronger legal protections to drug companies, lengthen the term of copyright protection, give foreign investors a new way to challenge countries' laws and regulations, and much more.”
The Colorado AFL-CIO, which endorsed Bennet in 2010, is angry about the trade agreement.
“The trade deal as a whole is very concerning for us,” Gilchrist told The Colorado Independent in an interview, adding that it should have had more public input. “[Bennet] voting for fast track allowed that process to be expedited and that's where our concern was,” he said.
Gilchrist added, however, that he felt Bennet is being thoughtful about where he'll ultimately come down on the deal. Being on the top of the ticket, though, “he bore the brunt of our delegates anger on trade,” Gilchrist said.
Despite the labor group's neutrality in the Colorado U.S. Senate race, the state's Green Party candidate, Arn Menconi, who was interviewed by the AFL-CIO, says it's a plus for his campaign.
“This is great for me to hear that they've taken a pass on this because it shows that the unions have realized that the Democratic Party is not fighting for unions,” Menconi says. “We've seen that steady decline.”
Once one of the more powerful forces in Democratic politics, organized labor is seeing its electoral might challenge by environmental groups with big money and organizing efforts at the national level.
A recent New York Times story detailed a rift between the two interest groups over turnout efforts, which has caused headaches for the Democratic Party during this election cycle.
The AFL-CIO extended an offer to all candidates to respond to their questionnaire and give an interview for a potential endorsement, Gilchrist said. No Republicans in the U.S. Senate race accepted that invitation.
The group will do another round of endorsements after the June primaries.
Photo credit: AFL-CIO America's Union, Creative Commons, Flickr.
Published: June 22, 2016 at 01:22 p.m.
Bill Belichick, Mike McCarthy head dream coaching staff
Share
The thin line between winning and losing in the NFL typically comes down to coaching. Although each and every head coach in the league possesses a wealth of football knowledge and motivational techniques, only a handful of guys are truly elite at their profession. Imagine if I could take all of those coaches and compile a dream staff to guide a team through a regular season. Who should I let call the offensive and defensive plays? Who would serve as excellent position coaches? What about the direction of the kicking game?
Those were some of the questions that I had to consider when compiling my list. After much thought and a little consultation with some of my peers, I've come up with the coaching staff below.
NOTE: Only current NFL head coaches were considered for this hypothetical staff -- so don't look for your favorite coordinators.
14 Photos Total
SWTOR Outfit Designer Guide
A guide to the Outfit Designer coming with Patch 3.2 Rise of the Emperor. Updated April 28, 2015.
How to use the Outfit Designer
When you first open up your character panel after 3.2, you will see a bunch of outfit tabs on the right side of your screen. Each tab can be used to save a selection of armor for appearance purpose only. The very top tab is for your gear that modify your stats. What this means is that you can now change appearance without having to swap out gear and augments! The outfit's tab appearance will replace your gear appearance without modifying your stats.
From now on, you place the items you like the stats into the gear tab, which will function same as before. However, if you desire an alternative appearance, you can place armor pieces into the outfit tab, which will not alter your stats but your appearance.
This outfit designer is not available for companions.
Costs
There are 16 outfit tabs to unlock per character. The costs are as follows (placeholders for now for both credits and CC). You can pay with either CC or credits
Tab Cost (Credits) Cost (Cartel Coins)
Per Character Cost (Cartel Coins)
Account wide 1 FREE FREE FREE 2 20k 120 CC 300 CC 3 30k 120 CC 300 CC 4 45k 120 CC 300 CC 5 70k 120 CC 300 CC 6 100k 120 CC 300 CC 7 150k 120 CC 300 CC 8 225k 120 CC 300 CC 9 350k 120 CC 300 CC 10 500k 120 CC 300 CC 11 500k 120 CC 300 CC 12 500k 120 CC 300 CC 13 500k 120 CC 300 CC 14 500k 120 CC 300 CC 15 500k 120 CC 300 CC 16 500k 120 CC 300 CC Total 4.49 mil 1800 CC 4500 CC
Adding an armor to the outfit tab costs money as well. Each armor piece you add costs you 50-5k credits depending on your level. So two pieces would be 10k credits with a maximum of 7x5k = 35k at level 60 if you fill up an outfit tab. Note that there are no weapon slots.
Level Cost per slot Cost for full outfit 1-10 50 credits 350 credits 13 300 credits 2100 credits 16 600 credits 4200 credits 17 700 credits 4900 credits 19 900 credits 6300 credits 23 1300 credits 9100 credits 55 4500 credits 31500 credits 60 5000 credits 35000 credits
To finalize the armor selections for the outfit tab, you first press Apply and then Commit Changes. This will give you another warning that the items you select will be bound to you and apply the outfit on your character.
Each has their own independent hide headgear/show dark side corruption/unify color options that do not affect other tabs.
What gear can you use in the outfit designer?
Any armor can be used, this includes adaptive/light/medium/heavy. Previously there was a restriction that prevented light armor users from using medium/heavy armor but that restriction was removed.
Rarity wise, you can use any white/green/blue/orange/purple/legendary gear in the outfit designer. There are no restrictions there.
As mentioned earlier, there are no weapon slots so you cannot use the outfit designer to modify the weapon appearance.
Once an armor is stored in the outfit tab, you can destroy that armor piece in your inventory if you wish. That armor appearance will remain until it is replaced by something else. You can also use the same armor in multiple outfit tabs.
Dyes
Dye system is now a bit different. You can apply dyes in one of two ways. You can apply dyes to an armor piece before you place it into an outfit slot. This will apply this dye to all the outfit tabs this armor piece is in.
Alternatively, you can dye a piece once it is inside an outfit slot using the stamp dye window which you activate by ctrl + right click. This will apply the dye to that armor piece in ONLY that outfit tab. If you remove or replace that armor piece in that outfit tab, the dye will be destroyed. The dye get used up with both methods.
So basically you can have the same armor piece in multiple outfit tabs with different dyes but these dyes are destroyed if you remove/replace that armor piece from the outfit tab.
You can unify each individual piece with the chest color in the outfit designer.
With no major U.S. elections this year, the world is turning its attention to the second most important election in the world, which will occur on September 22: The election of Germany's parliament (i.e., the Bundestag). Germany has been the dominant player in the Eurozone crisis; essentially, nothing gets done without Angela Merkel's expressed consent. It is probably for that reason that Forbes has her ranked as the #2 most powerful person in the world.
Similar to other parliamentary systems, the people do not choose the head of government (in this case, "Chancellor") directly. So the outcome of the parliamentary election will directly determine Ms. Merkel's fate.
Having been elected in 2005 and again in 2009, Ms. Merkel is running for a 3rd term. And currently, she is sitting pretty: Her center-right party, the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) is polling at 41 percent, according to the latest poll (8/11/2013) reported by Der Spiegel. The CDU's major rival, the center-left Social Democratic Party (SPD), is trailing badly, polling a mere 25 percent.
But that's where the good news ends for Ms. Merkel.
Currently, she presides over a coalition government consisting of her own CDU, plus the CDU's center-right sister party called the Christian Social Union (CSU), which is based in Bavaria, and the center-right Free Democratic Party (FDP). But the FDP is in serious danger of not meeting the 5 percent threshold required for entry into the Bundestag. Furthermore, in both of her previous victories, support for Merkel's CDU party shrank in the days prior to the election.
While it is widely assumed that Mrs. Merkel will ultimately prevail, that prediction is far from certain. The latest poll shows:
41% CDU-CSU (center-right)
25% SPD (center-left)
13% Greens (center-left)
8% Left (left-wing)
5% FDP (center-right)
If the FDP fails to reach the 5 percent threshold, then Ms. Merkel could be in serious trouble. Although the SPD has sworn off ever forming a coalition government with the Left Party (which has ties to communism), they do work together at the state level. So, it is not inconceivable that a center-left coalition, including the left-wing Left Party, could form a government, ousting Ms. Merkel.
In Ms. Merkel's first term, she presided over a "grand coalition" between her center-right CDU party and the center-left SPD party. However, SPD has sworn off doing that again, as well.
If Ms. Merkel is unable to form a coalition government after the election, then her fate may very well come down to SPD, who has refused to work with either Ms. Merkel or the Left Party. Keeping both of those promises seems highly unlikely.
If given the opportunity to govern again with the incredibly popular Ms. Merkel, that may be an opportunity too good for the SPD to pass up.
(AP image)
Dr. Alex B. Berezow is an associate editor of RealClearWorld. He specializes in European affairs.
Ed Sheeran made his long awaited Game of Thrones debut last night and let's just say, people were not impressed.
Fans took to Twitter to express their dismay at Sheeran's cameo, which included him singing and then doing a dramatic turn-around.
The scene took place with star Maisie Williams, who is apparently a huge fan of the singer. In fact, co-creator of GoT previously said at a SXSW panel,
“For years, we tried to get Ed Sheeran on the show to surprise Maisie, and this year we finally did it.”
We find that pretty adorable, but not everyone agreed. Our favorite tweet perhaps was from Vanderpump Rules star Stassi Schroeder who wrote, “I'm forced to listen to ed sheeran songs 67 times a day bc it's the only shit on the radio & now my ‪#GameOfThrones isn't even a safe place.”
I'm forced to listen to ed sheeran songs 67 times a day bc it's the only shit on the radio & now my #Gameofthrones isn't even a safe place. — Stassi Schroeder (@stassi) July 17, 2017
LOL, ok we can't blame her for that one. Sheeran's “Shape of You” is literally everywhere these days.
Below are a few more of the tweets from the evening ranging from appalled to annoyed to downright angry.
I find it more likely that dragons could exist than Ed Sheeran could be a soldier. #GamesOfThrones #GameofThrones7 #lamearsecameo — Nicola Witterick (@nikkinoola) July 17, 2017
How many minutes in does Ed Sheeran's cameo finish? Think I'll start from there. #GameOfThrones — Laurie Beth (@Laurie_Beth) July 17, 2017
Why was Ed Sheeran on GoT? Stop this — Hannah (@fleetf0x) July 17, 2017
I can't stop laughing. What's blander than Liam Gallagher? Ed Sheeran. — JW (@JWRe) July 17, 2017
Just watched new #GameOfThrones and it was excellent — apart from the stupid Ed Sheeran cameo, which took me completely out of the drama. — Laurie Hooper (@lauriehooper) July 17, 2017
Gonna be really upset if Ed Sheeran is in another damn episode — kung fu zg (@zdgallagher) July 17, 2017
This Ed Sheeran cameo is so fucking random LOL. I kinda hate it a lot — Amanda (@diablamexicana) July 17, 2017
Ed Sheeran in GOT ruined the first episode, just stick to underwhelming everyone at Glastonbury pal #GameOfThones — Connor Lavington (@ConnorLavington) July 17, 2017
I'm so bothered that a person like Ed Sheeran exists in Westeros — BLFCorgi (@DogNewcastle) July 17, 2017
Cyprus and Russia - what's the difference (aside from the fact that the former was a money laundering offshore center of the latter until last year of course)?
If you said one is a lackey to statist, selfish banker interests, and after having its economy thoroughly destroyed by the great doomed European sociopolitical (and pathological) experiment, came crawling back to its Eurozone masters, while the other couldn't care one bit about Pax Petrodollariana and the global central bank cabal, you are right. In which case it will also be clear why a few hours ago that joke of a rating agency, Standard & Poor's, which also earlier announced it was "affirming" France at an AA rating making it very clear it will no longer accept being sued for telling the truth and downgrading sovereigns or otherwise have its offices abroad raided, not only upgraded Cyprus from B- to B (please deposit your funds in Cyprus banks now: they are safe, S&P promises), but - far more importantly - delivered a political message to the Kremlin, and downgraded Russia from BBB to BBB-, one short notch away from junk status. This was the first downgrade of Russia by S&P since December 2008.
WSJ reports:
"In our view, the tense geopolitical situation between Russia and Ukraine could see additional significant outflows of both foreign and domestic capital from the Russian economy and hence further undermine already weakening growth prospects," S&P wrote in its report. Moscow's MICEX stock index fell by 1.5% after the move. The ruble weakened 0.6% against the dollar to 35.977. A further cut to junk status would be a big move, given Russia's relatively modest level of debt, according to Tim Ash, an economist at Standard Bank. "But if the crisis in Ukraine deteriorates further, and we see sustained capital flight and pressure on the ruble and Russian markets further, then it is possible," he said.
Russia's response was prompt.
First, in retaliation to the downgrade, Russian economy minister Alexei Ulyukaev said S&P's downgrade of Russia's rating was expected by investors, won't significantly change their behavior, adding the obvious that the decision to cut Russia's rating was partly political, partly based on economic situation. In other words, entirely symbolic - it is not as if Russia has access to bond markets anyway, plus as we wrote earlier this week in "Why Putin Is Smiling At The Bond Market's Blockade Of Russia", it is not as if it needs them.
But far more importantly, and ahead of yet another round of western sanctions which appears imminent unless Obama is to look even more powerless than he currently is (granted, a difficult achievement), Russian presidential adviser Sergei Glazyev proposed plan of 15 measures to protect country's economy if sanctions applied, Vedomosti newspaper reports, citing Glazyev's letter to Finance Ministry. According to Vedomosti as Bloomberg reported, Glazyev proposed:
Russia should withdraw all assets, accounts in dollars, euros from NATO countries to neutral ones
Russia should start selling NATO member sovereign bonds before Russia's foreign-currency accounts are frozen
Central bank should reduce dollar assets, sell sovereign bonds of countries that support sanctions
Russia should limit commercial banks' FX assets to prevent speculation on ruble, capital outflows
Central bank should increase money supply so that state cos., banks may refinance foreign loans
Russia should use national currencies in trade with customs Union members, other non-dollar, non-euro partners
In other words, a full-blown scorched earth campaign by Russia.
Granted, Russian holdings of US Treasurys are not that substantial (and could be monetized entirely in three months of POMO by the Fed), and western financial linkages to Russia, aside from trade routes, are not life-threatening, but if Russia were to take the baton, and other BRIC countries, already furious by the recent US decision to not boost their IMF status, follow suit, then Obama's life is about to become a living nightmare. Especially, if that most important BRIC member - China - does any of the many things it can do to indicate if, in this brand new Cold War, it is with or against the US...
Finally, those curious what are the linkages between the west and Russia are, review our recent post on the matter: All You Need To Know About Russia, In Charts.
In the 1980s, the Soviets built a Doomsday Machine – and it's still active. I learned about it while researching my new book, The Hawk and the Dove: Paul Nitze, George Kennan, and the History of the Cold War. It's also the subject of a story in the current issue of WIRED.
The system would have allowed the USSR to respond insemi-automatic fashion to an American nuclear strike – even one that had knocked out the Kremlin and the Defense Ministries. And one obvious question that people ask when they learn about this system is "Why didn't the Soviets tell us?" As we all know from Dr. Strangelove, the point of a Doomsday Machine is to convince the other side in a conflict that attack is futile.
The answer to that question is the most interesting thing I learned in my research. Yes, the Soviets were extremely secretive; and, yes, they were worried that, if they told us, we could disable it. But the more interesting reason is that they also built the system to deter themselves. Here's the relevant passage from the story:
Dylan Head, 9, was a third grader at the Academy for Business and Technology in Dearborn. (Photo: Courtesy Academy for Business and Technology)
The father of a 9-year-old boy who fatally shot himself Monday on Detroit's west side was charged Thursday with second-degree murder and other charges.
Christopher D. Head, 45, of Detroit was arraigned in 36th District Court in the death of Daylen Makhai Head, the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office announced. Daylen's death sent ripples through the community and the Academy for Business and Technology in Dearborn, where he was in the third grade.
According to the prosecutor's office, Daylen was found around 12:36 p.m. in a home in the 6600 block of Barton with a fatal gunshot wound to the head. Detroit police previously said his father found him in an upstairs bedroom.
"It is alleged that the father possessed a loaded shotgun that was not secured and accessible to the child," the prosecutor's office said in a statement.
The case remains under investigation, and no further details will be released at this time, the office said. Head was charged with second-degree homicide, involuntary manslaughter, second-degree child abuse, use of a firearm in a felony, firearm possession by a felon and a "short-barreled shotgun" firearms charge.
Meanwhile, those who knew Daylen, 9, are grappling with the loss.
He was well-loved at his school and was known for his energetic spirit. According to his school's leader, Daylen had a smile that could warm anyone's heart and was a bright spot in the lives of those who knew him.
Christopher Duran Head (Photo: Detroit Police Department)
"He was a fine young man — full of life, high energy," said Paul Merritt, school leader of the Academy for Business and Technology.
Daylen's family, friends, classmates and teachers are shocked and grief-stricken, Merritt said. Grief counseling support has been made available for students and staff, Merritt said.
Daylen was a student at the school for more than two years and had a remarkably positive attitude, Merritt said. "The report cards for the first marking period are coming out today," Merritt said. "He would have had above-average grades with no absences, which is quite an accomplishment."
The school has united to help Daylen's family. Merritt said the school has launched a GoFundMe account, Funeral Expenses for Daylen Head, on behalf of the family. About $1,600 of the $5,000 goal had been raised. Funeral arrangements will be announced in the coming days, Merritt said.
"Whenever someone passes, there are a lot of expenses associated with that," Merritt said. "We just wanted to help out. A member of our family has been taken from us. It just seems like the right thing to do."
Head was remanded to jail Thursday morning. A probable-cause hearing is scheduled for 8:30 a.m. Nov. 19. A preliminary examination is scheduled for 1:30 p.m. Nov. 25 before Judge Shannon Holmes.
Contact Katrease Stafford: kstafford@freepress.com or 313-223-4759.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1NNh1HN
Australian whiskies have been on the market for some time now but none of them have put to use the full spectrum of native Australian grains until now.
Adelaide Hills Distillery, the team who took out this year's title for the world's best gin at the American Distilling Institute Awards have been quietly tinkering away at their first ever whisky project.
Just earlier this month the South Australian distiller released a limited preview of its Native Grain Spirit, a drink which is created from barley malt and wattleseed, the latter of which is an edible seed found in 120 species of Australian Acacia that has traditionally been used as a food source amongst Indigenous Australians.
The reception to Native Grain Spirit was swift, with the small batch of nine-month-old spirits selling out via their website within days of its launch. Whilst the initial run of the spirits came in 700ml bottles at 46.2 per cent ABV which sold for $120, there will soon be a second batch for those who missed out on that initial allocation.
The second release will be aged for 12-months and become available by the end of the year of early 2018. More importantly though, Native Grain Spirit will be officially sold as whisky once it has spent more than two years ageing in French oak barrels brought over from the neighbouring Howard Winery.
Sacha La Forgia who is the head distiller at Adelaide Hills Distillery told IN Daily that his ultimate goal was to produce a whisky made entirely from native Australian grains.
“My biggest concern was that because we're breaking from tradition so much, I thought people might get a bit upset and riled up, but they haven't at all.”
“It's quite a big experiment what we're doing, so we wanted to get it out and see what people thought.”
“It's very new – no one's ever done it before – so we wanted to make sure people would accept it and get behind it; we didn't want to wait two or three years and have everyone hate it.”
“My biggest concern was that because we're breaking from tradition so much, I thought people might get a bit upset and riled up, but they haven't at all.”
Given that the company's 78 Degrees Gin has already won international acclaim, it'll be interesting to see where the native whisky route takes the distillery.
“When I made gin I took a winemaker's approach,” explained La Forgia.
“So I made it all around the blending, so when I started making whisky I used a gin maker's approach of starting with a blank canvas and building layers of flavour on top. You do that with the way you distil it, the grains you put in the mash and the barrels you use.”
“So we thought why not start making spirits that speak of place, that are Australian and are not just copies of Scotch whiskies made in Australia; they are Australian whiskies made in Australia.”
The task wasn't as straight forward as one would think with La Forgia going through a lengthy process to determine which native Australian grains fermented and distilled the best whilst retaining a distinct note. The wattleseed eventually won out
La Forgia said he went through a long process of experimenting with native Australian grains to figure out the best ways to ferment them, distil them and extract flavour, before settling on wattleseed.
Only one issue stands in the way for now and that's the limited availability of wattleseed which is sourced by a single native food company who aren't too keen on increasing its supply to the distillery.
Reports of scams increase in S.A.
Officials at some San Antonio financial institutions say they lately have received an increasing number of reports of scams bent on getting customers to give up their personal financial information.
Generations Federal Credit Union, San Antonio Federal Credit Union and Jefferson Bank are among local institutions hearing from customers who've been asked via phone, email or text for account numbers, personal identification numbers and other personal information.
“It goes on all the time for everybody, but we have certainly seen an uptick over the last three weeks,” said Mike Rehm, senior operations officer with Jefferson Bank.
“They seem to come in phases or cycles,” added Jim Peters, SACU's bank secrecy compliance officer and loss prevention adviser. “About the last week and a half, it's really picked up.”
It's difficult to know just how widespread the problem is right now. Institutions rely on customers to report fraudulent calls, emails and texts.
USAA Bank has not received any reports from customers, spokesman Paul Berry said. Security Service Federal Credit Union, which is the area's largest credit union, hasn't experienced anything out of the ordinary, spokesman John Worthington said.
The two largest banks based in San Antonio, Frost Bank and Broadway Bank, didn't respond to queries.
San Antonio information security company Digital Defense Inc. on Monday issued an advisory for local bank and credit union customers to be on alert for the scams.
“It seems like they're really hitting San Antonio hard,” said Mark Bell, Digital Defense's executive vice president. He declined to name any institutions that have received reports of the scams.
Perpetrators figure that if they blanket a particular area, Bell said, they have a better chance of contacting an actual customer of a local institution and tricking them into giving up their information. SACU's Peters added that many of the scams originate in other countries.
A common scam involves using automated phone calls to alert someone that their debit card has been deactivated. The person is then given a set of instructions to reactivate the card, but it's just a ruse to get their personal information. The technique is known as “vishing.”
Last Tuesday, Jefferson Bank posted a “smishing” alert on its website. Smishing involves sending cellphone text messages to deliver false alerts to get customers to divulge personal information.
The institutions also report “phishing” scams, in which fraudulent emails direct recipients to websites at which they are asked to provide personal financial information.
Bank and credit union officials warned customers not to give out their personal information.
“It's akin to someone coming up to you on the street and asking you for your debit card number,” Generations spokeswoman Ashley Harris said. “If you're not sure, hang up and call your financial institution.”
pdanner@express-news.net
White House sources tell Infowars that Sean Spicer could be fired within the next week as President Trump begins a purge of establishment advisers who he feels have failed to properly investigate leaks coming from within the administration.
Speculation is already swirling as to whether or not Spicer will return after he was “benched” and temporarily replaced with Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Spicer has behaved like a “deer in the headlights” in recent weeks and is not able to handle the pressure of the job, according to one source.
They add that Spicer will be gone by next week and that former prosecutor and current Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle, who was previously considered for the role, is currently the favorite to replace him.
However, these assertions are being disputed by other insiders who insist that Spicer will return to his current role within the next week.
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus could also be on the chopping block as President Trump begins a purge of moderate advisers whom he feels have performed poorly when it comes to investigating the source of leaks that have proved embarrassing for the administration.
Having been guided by moderate advisers for the last 6 weeks, Trump tried working with the Washington establishment but has come to the realization that they do not want to compromise on any issue, don't care about the country, and are merely concerned with blocking his policy agenda.
Trump is set to take the gloves off, sidelining those within his inner circle who he feels he cannot fully trust and going back to the approach he took for the first 50 days of his administration.
Our sources also confirm that James Comey's comment that he was “mildly nauseous” at influencing the impact of the 2016 election was the final straw that led to his firing, in addition to the former FBI Director's failure to investigate Susan Rice for her alleged role in overseeing surveillance of phone calls between Trump and his aides.
Under Comey, the FBI has refused to work with Attorney General Jeff Sessions in following through on Trump's directives, leaving Comey's position as director untenable.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Chaotic crowd at Omaha Public Schools sex ed meeting (Screenshot/WDAM)
An Omaha Public Schools parent meeting devolved into shouting and violence when abstinence-only advocates accused district officials of not being upfront about a new sex education curriculum.
According to Jay Irwin, a University of Nebraska at Omaha professor in attendance who wrote a detailed description of what happened, there were about 1,000 people in attendance at the Tuesday night meeting and people opposed to the optional curriculum known as comprehensive sex education, or CSE, wore red stickers. Video from the meeting shows total chaos as parents stand and shout about purity.
“Planned Parenthood has come in. There is a big ring here. We are fighting this on the state level as well,” Amber Parker told local WDAM.
One woman was dubbed “puritymom” after she was filmed during the meeting standing and screaming, “It's my daughter! My daughter! Who's going to keep her pure? Nobody! I am! Not OPS! Not OPS!”
“Why won't anyone fight for kids' purity?”
Posted by Megan Hunt on Tuesday, October 20, 2015
The school district, however, pointed out that sex education is an optional elective, and students can opt out if they want.
“Last few years, except when we decided to change the curriculum, we really haven't had those calls,” OPS director of human growth and development Dr. Karen Spencer-May told WDAM. “Parents were pretty OK with what we were doing. This is not going to be that different.”
Proposed additions to the curriculum will include education about gender identities, emergency contraception and abortion, WDAM reports.
Irwin said an atheist was physically assaulted and a group of LGBT young people were threatened and verbally attacked.
“A group of young LGBTQ people were threatened with violence by a mother and her son for being there, for not apologizing for their sexuality, and for supporting education that was respectful of their identities,” Irwin wrote. “They were called evil, sinful, and told they were going to hell. The advisor that brought them, who is also queer identified, was told that she was teaching them how to be gay and that she should be ashamed of herself. When the advisor asked that the person be respectful, that's when the threats of violence began. She ushered her groups out to make sure they stayed safe.”
Parent Bernie Garcia stood outside waving a sign that read, “Say No to Comprehensive Sex Ed.” He was upset over a rumor he'd heard that the course will teach children different sex positions and how to masturbate.
“That's disgusting,” he told LiveWellNebraska. “That's not right. Children should learn about sex when they become adults.”
The heightened interest is relatively new, LiveWell reports. An April meeting drew only 150 attendees, but the large, vocal crowd was spurred by social media posts, churches and other community organizations, including Nebraskans for Founders' Values, a conservative Christian group. OPS officials told LiveWell some of the people in attendance Tuesday weren't necessarily even OPS parents or students.
Supporters of the curriculum were quieter.
“There's been a lot of news about increased STD rates,” Jordan Delmundo told WDAM. “We're seeing increased rates of HIV in young people. They are not being well prepared, and isn't it our responsibility as citizens to prepare them to be healthy adults?”
Irwin said he was disappointed by the way some people were treated Tuesday.
“I think, all in all, I feel so scared and sad for the young people who are the children of some of these parents, whether they were present or not,” he wrote. “Or they are congregants at some of the churches that the adults attend. There is no doubt some of these kids are LGBTQ. They were given a very clear message from their parents and at least a segment of their community tonight. And that message is just flat out wrong.”
Watch the report from WDAM here:
WDAM-TV 7-News, Weather, Sports-Hattiesburg, MS
Correction: This story was edited to reflect that “puritymom” is not the same person as the attendee who filmed her remarks during the meeting.
We are new to the Chest Freezer Owning Business. Neither I nor the Hubby had one while we were growing up so I have been reading up on how people have been using them on multiple blogs. I'm still a little hazy on the whole thing but I am already making good use storing a surplus of cut up Mango my Mother-In-Law froze up for us. We made enough Mango-Cranberry Juice smoothies to feed an army and still have 5 more bags to go!
Anyway, so this week, we got some good news. Nothing to merit an announcement yet but enough to get a small celebration, so I decided to bake up some Chocolate Chip Cookies.
Now I am the Queen of breaking down a recipe into smaller portions so I only make what is needed at the time but this time, I decided to go ahead and make the whole amount and try my hand at storing and putting up the left overs in the freezer. I know it's nice to be able to grab a couple of cookies and bake them up for a special night of TV watching and such.
So I did a little research and found that the top 3 or 4 recipes for Chocolate Chip Cookies are all pretty much the same so I extrapolated and came up with this one.
Ingredients 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter
3/4 cup granulated sugar
3/4 cup packed light-brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
2 large eggs
2 cups (about a 12 ounce bag) semisweet chocolate chips
Directions
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a small bowl, whisk together the flour and baking soda; set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the butter with both sugars; beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Reduce speed to low; add the salt, vanilla, and eggs. Beat until well mixed, about 1 minute. Add flour mixture to the egg-sugar mixture; mix until just combined. Stir in the chocolate chips with a spoon. Drop heaping tablespoon-size balls of dough about 2 inches apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Bake until cookies are golden around the edges, but still soft in the center, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven, and let cool on baking sheet 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely. Store cookies in an airtight container at room temperature up to 1 week.
Save some for the Freezer
Drop heaping tablespoon-size balls of dough about 2 inches apart on saran wrap over a baking sheet. Place in the freezer until hard and then move to a storage bag.
Bake them Later
Drop the balls of dough about 2 inches apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Bake until cookies are golden around the edges, but still soft in the center, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from oven, and let cool on baking sheet 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely.
They cookies came out amazing!
And our first batch from the freezer came out just as good!
Oh Boy! We now have Chocolate Chip Cookies pretty much on demand.
I think I have created a monster!
This post may contain affiliate links. These affiliate links help support this site. For more information, please see our disclosure policy. Thank you for supporting The Tattooed Homestead.
By Mike Governale
You may have heard FSI Development of Rochester has purchased the empty lot at 186 Atlantic Ave (a.k.a. The Gleason Lot). Here at RocSubway we've fantasized about filling in this empty lot for quite some time. And although it's not our original vision, the actual plan may be even better than how we dreamed it – primarily because it involves a local brew.
FSI is planning to build a brewery and tasting room on the southeast corner of the site to lease to Three Heads Brewery of Honeoye Falls. Damn, why didn't we think of this…
The planned 19,500 square foot building will primarily be a manufacturing facility, but will also include retail sales, an indoor tasting room, and outdoor patio. There will also be extensive landscaping ($40,000 worth at least) and public space improvements (sidewalks, curbs, LED lighting, etc.).
According to Evan Lowenstein of the NOTA Association, the brewery owners are extremely excited about the neighborhood, as is the developer, who is known for his projects in the area such as the Pomodoro/Saha/Revelry complex on University Avenue, and the near-complete townhouses on Park Avenue (at Barrington).
The developer hopes the building will be built and open for brewery operations, retail sales, and tastings by July 1. The brewery is expected to employ 20 people. A small light industrial building may be planned for the northwest corner of the site (Norwood and Atlantic) as a Phase 2 – if, and when a tenant can be found.
The City and developer are currently seeking sign-off on this project from the neighbors.
Any suggestions, questions or concerns regarding this project should be directed to Mitch Rowe, Director of Planning & Zoning at rowecm@cityofrochester.gov or 428-6858.
UPDATE: The brewery was designed by Al Pardi and Jenna Lettenberger of Pardi Partnership Architects
Tags: 186 Atlantic Avenue, Al Pardi, Anderson Avenue, Atlantic Avenue, City of Rochester, development, development plans, Evan Lowenstein, FSI Development, Gleason Lot, Honeoye Falls, Jenna Lettenberger, Mitch Rowe, Neighborhood of the Arts, Norwood Street, NotA, Pardi Partnership Architects, Pomodoro, Revelry, Saha, Three Heads Brewery, University Avenue, urban development
This entry was posted on Tuesday, January 20th, 2015 at 7:12 am and is filed under Architecture, Rochester News, Urban Development. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
I suppose that whether this article prompted by the Charleston shootings feels topical enough will depend on whether America has another mass shooting before it goes to print. If you're in the US, there's a fair chance it will seem dated because you are actually being gunned down as you read it, so I'll try to get straight to the point. It's surely worth wondering whether it's time to retire the flag that has for so long been a rallying point for racists and murderers, the stars and stripes. There's a genuine question to be asked here: what responsibility does the US state bear for the Charleston shootings when racist murder seems to be part of its policing strategy and most of its foreign policy?
Occasionally I wonder whether at some point in the past 100 years the US gave the rest of the world a safe word and we've simply forgotten it. Or maybe we're just saying it wrong (Aluminium? I'm sure you said it was aluminium ...) Hillary Clinton has been speaking out against the “racist terrorism” of Dylann Roof despite being the architect of the US military intervention in Libya. The US's record of invasions, assassinations and government overthrows is racist, I think. Imagining that you can kill people and seize control of their resources without believing them to be inferior requires a certain amount of intellectual flexibility. The same sort of intellectual flexibility that allows people to express grief for the migrants who drown in the Mediterranean and hatred for the ones who survive.
To replace the Confederate flag with a Pride flag won't fix American racism | Linda Chavers Read more
Part of the American mindset comes from the fact that the US was formed through the racist murder of indigenous people. The reason that whole country is such a horror story is that the entire thing is built on an Old Indian Graveyard. I worry that perhaps white America wants to believe that its racial fault lines only run as deep as the Confederate flag. Hence the current uproar at names of southern civil-war generals being on street signs while the faces of slave owners are still on the currency.
Of course not everybody gets behind the US's view of itself, which is why it is the world's largest producer of propaganda. Last year's biggest movie, American Sniper, was billed as the story of the US army's deadliest soldier, which must have felt pretty galling for the guy who dropped the bomb on Hiroshima. It was basically Star Wars from the point of view of one of the stormtroopers, and the director (Clint Eastwood – I'm not even joking) encouraged us to get behind the idea that you should take moral decisions when women and children are in your crosshairs, rather than long, long before. You got the feeling that the clunky scene explaining that sniper Chris Kyle's unit painted skulls on their gear as a tribute to the Punisher was necessary in case viewers made the more logical supposition that it was a tribute to the Waffen-SS.
Hundreds honour Charleston church shooting victim Myra Thompson Read more
There are many indicators of advanced civilisations, but unthinking hero worship of the military isn't one of them. The US, like the UK, has been forced to move away from a conscription army and now has a mercenary army. It's the reason you don't get war poets any more.
Indeed, before Britain feels too superior, we should perhaps remember that Roof's main problem here would have been feeling torn between quite a few of the main parties at the last election. We live in a country where posting “Let's riot or something bruv!” on Facebook will get you a couple of years in prison, while writing a column saying we should bomb Syria is practically an entrance exam for public intellectuals. Of course, it's never phrased as a plea to kill shepherds in pursuit of our geopolitical interests. By the time it hits the broadsheets, it's a plea to arm moderate rebels (they've got a moderate vision of the country's future and they're going to kill until they get it!). It's a humanitarian intervention. We're not fighting wars for control of resources. We're not the aggressor in countries such as Iraq, we're actually defending Iraq. From the Iraqis. The most obvious anti-war argument that none of this has ever worked just doesn't seem to come up.
Gun control won't prevent another Charleston-style shooting, says Jeb Bush Read more
Of course our governments are just trying to protect us from terror. In the same way that someone banging a hornets' nest with a stick is trying to protect us from hornets. Maybe I'll even give them the benefit of the doubt and concede that they are just naive do-gooders trying to bring the world peace and stability through the medium of high explosives. What gets me is that the new dirty word in the west is “radicalisation”, as if radical change wasn't obviously needed; as if the status quo has any decency, or is even survivable. It's not actually difficult to see solutions to the US's problems: children can do it, until we educate them out of it. Internationally, I propose the radical step of not trying to solve complex political problems with 1,000lb bombs; domestically, I propose they start addressing inequality by paying reparations for slavery. I'm well aware that in a society where war and discrimination are now almost entirely normalised, both options sound like madness.
Three other studies published in 1986 documented Ebola antibody prevalence rates of 10.6, 13.4 and 14 percent, respectively, in northwestern Liberia, not far from its borders with Sierra Leone and Guinea. These articles, along with other forgotten reports from the 1980s on antibody prevalence in neighboring Sierra Leone and Guinea, suggest the possibility of what some call “sanctuary sites,” or persistent, if latent, Ebola infection in humans.
There is an adage in public health: “The road to inaction is paved with research papers.” In a twist of fate, the same laboratory that confirmed the first positive Ebola test results in Guinea last year, the Pasteur Institute, was the publisher of Annals of Virology. Yet the institute's April 2014 report said, “This subregion was not considered to be an area in which EBOV was endemic” (using the medical term for the Ebola virus).
Part of the problem is that none of these articles were co-written by a Liberian scientist. The investigators collected their samples, returned home and published the startling results in European medical journals. Few Liberians were then trained in laboratory or epidemiological methods. Even today, downloading one of the papers would cost a physician here $45, about half a week's salary.
The story is not an unusual one. As it happened, the subjects in the 1986 antibody studies worked on the world's largest rubber plantation (which then supplied 40 percent of the latex used in the United States). During the current outbreak of Ebola, we saw rubber trees stretch as far as the eye could see from clinics in rural Margibi County — clinics shuttered after nurses died after supplies of latex gloves and other protective gear ran out. The way this part of Liberia was trawled for vital medical knowledge thus mirrored the way the West extracted the rubber it needed.
Sierra Leone's and Liberia's recent histories of civil conflict made it difficult to confirm an outbreak of the disease. Public health laboratories were not functioning in either country; it was months before Ebola was identified as the culprit pathogen. That made it impossible for the region's few doctors and nurses to deliver effective care.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Presidential candidates Jeb Bush, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton chow down at the Iowa State Fair
US presidential hopefuls are making the customary stop at the Iowa State Fair this weekend. That means it is time for a classic campaign moment, devouring some of the fair's signature food.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump chose pork chop-on-a-stick, while Jeb Bush went for a deep fried Snickers bar. Mike Huckabee told reporters his wife had to stop him from overeating in the Iowa Pork Tent.
Humanising the candidates by showing them indulging in humble fare is a well-known photo opportunity, though it can also be calorically immodest.
Strangely, that is directly at odds with US voters' current preference for trim leaders. In fact, as high-profile names seek the nation's highest office in 2016, experts say their weight could deeply affect their political clout. It wasn't always thus.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Candidates Christie, Clinton and Bush have had their weight scrutinised
Historical legend has it that America's heaviest president, William Howard Taft, once became stuck in a bathtub and required the assistance of six men to free him.
The 27th president of the United States weighed nearly 340lbs (154kgs), but was luckily spared the harsh glare of television cameras during his White House tenure from 1909 to 1913.
Today, a man of Taft's size would have a much more difficult time winning the nation's highest office.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption US President William Taft registered the largest body mass index of all of the nation's leaders
"There's an increasing pressure to conform to supposedly ideal body standards," says Paul Campos, professor of law at the University of Colorado Boulder.
But, those ideal body standards are frequently changing.
In Taft's day, physical heft was associated with wealth, high social status and power, Campos, the author of the Obesity Myth, says.
The physical and financial largesse of early 20th Century railroad barons even inspired expressions including "fat cats" and "throw your weight around".
But the end of World War One concluded a period of relative scarcity. Plentiful food meant it became more difficult - and thus more attractive - to be physically trim.
Obesity - before the purview of the upper class - soon became associated with a lower socioeconomic status, Campos adds.
Soon a cult of thinness was born, which exists to this day, University of California, Los Angeles sociology professor Abigail Saguy says.
The author of What's Wrong with Fat? argues obesity has since become heavily stigmatised in American culture, and such negative views can hurt a larger candidate's chances with voters.
Image copyright Associated Press
"We live in a society in which it is just so deeply ingrained and so taken for granted that it is better to be thin and worse to be fat, in terms of health, morality, attractiveness, everything," Saguy says.
Pop culture, 24-hour news, movies and magazines encourage a "halo effect" around the thin and attractive, she adds. This means voters can ascribe positive qualities to a candidate which they may not in fact possess.
The opposite can also hold true for heavier candidates, who may be unfairly perceived by voters as lazy, impulsive or unhealthy.
Image copyright Getty Images
That hasn't stopped larger men, including Republicans Chris Christie and Mike Huckabee, from running, however.
According to US media, Christie told a group of Republican donors last September he had shed 85lbs after surgery in 2013, adding it was critical to his long-term political prospects.
After a diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes, Huckabee went on to lose more than 100 pounds. He even later wrote a motivational book about the experience, titled Quit Digging Your Grave With a Knife and Fork.
Image copyright Associated Press and Getty Images Image caption Mike Huckabee lost a great deal of weight, but has seen the pounds creep back on in recent years
Even former Florida Governor Jeb Bush has got in on the weight loss action. The Republican candidate employed a personal trainer and dropped several pounds in a recent push for the White House. He's reportedly on a Paleo diet, but must have made an exception for the deep-fried Snickers.
America's largest leaders by body mass index:
William Howard Taft, served from 1909-1913 Grover Cleveland, served from 1885-1889, 1893-1897 William McKinley, served from 1897-1901 Zachary Taylor, served from 1849-1850 Theodore Roosevelt, served from 1901-1909
Image copyright Getty Images
But, according to Saguy, none of these 2016 contenders will face as much scrutiny over their appearance as a female candidate, such as former Democratic Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, should she put on the pounds.
"A fat woman is going to face much more prejudice as a political candidate than a fat man, because we're much less tolerant of fatness in women than we are of men," Campos says.
But the one-time first lady may have a secret weapon - her husband, Bill.
While in office, former Democratic president Bill Clinton was considered overweight and frequently lampooned for his well-known love of fast food.
But, in recent years he has publicly adopted veganism and dropped a sizable amount of weight.
Image copyright Getty Images
If voters view the Clintons as a "package deal", says Campos, it may well help how people physically view Hillary during her run for the White House.
With more than one-third of US adults currently considered obese, more voters may be willing to overlook a few extra pounds as well.
In a July 2014 Vanity Fair poll, when asked how they felt about an overweight president, 64% of respondents said it has nothing to do with getting the job done.
But, even with some positive poll numbers, politicians will continue to be conscious of their appearance, strategist Jim Manley says.
The senior director with QGA Public Affairs says he saw celebrated Democratic Senator Ted Kennedy attempt to slim down prior to embarking on every campaign trail.
"I spent 21 years in the Senate, and it wasn't unusual for members to begin to lose weight before they went into an election cycle," Manley says.
"In this day and age, it's a factor that everyone, either male or female, has to be cognisant of."
She was set to leave on a vacation with her father to Florida. Ball was putting in one last shift at Waffle House on Stone Drive to try to make as much money as possible before leaving. It was a Wednesday and Ball knew she would be lucky to make $30 on that particular night. If she made $60, she knew she'd be having a great night.
After joking with some customers she was serving about Harry Potter (and was thoroughly outnerded), she stepped outside to have a smoke. One of the men she had been talking to came outside and the two began talking.
The man told her she was about to get a $200 or $300 tip. She did not believe it. The other man came out and showed his friend a picture of the tip he had left for Ball. Almost immediately, the cook came outside and asked the patron if the tip was real. He said it was.
Ball went inside to see what it was. He had left her a $600 tip.
“It took my breath away,” she said. “It made me sick to my stomach, but in a good way.”
Ball ran outside, tears streaming down her face, and hugged the man, whom she had never met before. She asked him why he would do something like that for her because she was a stranger. He replied that he liked doing nice things for people.
Ball said nothing like this ever happens to her. She said she was a single mother who gets no support from her son's father and is about to go back to school. Her biggest previous tip had come last month and it was $100.
After spending money on her son for his birthday, she said the man was a godsend.
“I told him he was an angel,” she said.
We're not a large operation over here at Outright Geekery. Just a group of passionate and dedicated geeks wanting to share our creativity with the world. So, when I ran across a similar group of passionate geeks with their own unique and creative vision, I was immediately drawn to, and intrigued by, the development of the VOID Tabletop Role-playing Game. So much so, in fact, that I felt compelled to share this new and innovative take on the pen and paper RPG.
What is VOID?
VOID is a tabletop role-playing game, like Dungeons & Dragons or Pathfinder, currently in development. While the game is still currently being edited, the CORE Rulebooks are completed, with full game mechanics and a robust and detailed fantasy world already established. The creators of this game have spent years working on VOID, and they are finally ready to take their project to the next level.
What Makes VOID Different?
With so many pen and paper role-playing games currently on the market, the creators of VOID knew they needed to do more than just a cookie-cutter job on their product. And that was their point! They wanted deeper characters, more flexibility, and a more realistic combat system. And that is exactly what is being delivered! VOID does away with traditional character classes in favor of a less restrictive system that gives players opportunities to combine might, magic, sneaking and any other build direction imaginable. Players aren't stuck on a single character path, and they don't have to waste precious character levels on otherwise worthless options just to get that single desired perk. Additionally, VOID changes the game with its combat mechanics, does away with a lot of the turn-based style of “traditional” PnP RPGs, offering many actions available for players even when it's not “their turn”. VOID also changes up the stereotypical elf, dwarf, and other races, promising something completely new and different.
I know what you're saying. “This is great, Gaumer, but we've heard it all before! Why the confidence in a game you haven't even played?” I have confidence in VOID for one reason and one reason only: The creators of this game are passionate gamers! They've been working on VOID for over a decade, and they just love to play games. They created VOID in order to overcome the limitations they identified in other games, and if their creation wasn't different and better in some way they wouldn't be taking their wares to the public with a Kickstarter Campaign.
Why the Kickstarter Campaign?
If their product is so good, why do they need any funding besides sales? Good question, and the answer is: They really don't! VOID's Kickstarter Campaign is an attempt to fund the free release of the VOID Core Rulebook. That's right! They want to give VOID away! But, they also want to give players the best product they can, and that means illustrations for the Monsters and other scenes, as well as the Amazon and Kickstarter funding itself. Additionally, while a PDF version of a role-playing guidebook is great, there's nothing like having a quality paper tome to reference, and that stuff isn't free. They're offering some great and affordable rewards, too, so give them some attention and, if you can, become a backer.
The Verdict
This isn't a review of VOID Tabletop Role-playing Game, it's a preview, and I honestly know nothing about how the game actually plays once a group sits around a table and starts rolling dice and such. This is, however, a shining vote of confidence for a product that is still quite early in its evolution. Everything the VOID Team is doing – From the insightful changes, to the world-building, to their recently launched Kickstarter Campaign – stinks of unequaled passion for the entire genre of pen and paper role-playing games, leading me to strongly believe that VOID is going to be a fun and innovative take on a genre of games that has staled over the years. VOID is a game to watch out for, and now is a great time to jump on-board early in the entire process.
Advertisements
The Freedom Foundation has filed a lawsuit on behalf of four family child-care providers who object to being forced to pay union fees and otherwise associate with SEIU 925.
OLYMPIA — In a case that could enfeeble public-sector unions, a conservative group is suing Washington state and SEIU 925, challenging the union's role as the exclusive representative for thousands of subsidized day-care providers.
The Freedom Foundation, an Olympia-based think tank, filed the federal lawsuit this week on behalf of four family home-care providers who object to being forced to pay union fees and otherwise associate with the union.
During a news conference on the steps of the state Supreme Court, lawsuit backers said Thursday they hope to secure a U.S. Supreme Court ruling ending the longstanding right of unions like SEIU to act as exclusive bargaining units for entire groups of workers.
“If we're successful … we will leave every worker, every provider, every citizen free to decide for themselves what they want to do about unions,” said Milton Chappell, senior staff attorney with the National Right to Work Legal Foundation, a Virginia-based organization also aiding in the class-action lawsuit.
A ruling in favor of the conservative group would be a major blow to organized labor, which already has seen its clout diminished over decades of declining union membership.
“The viability of public-sector unions in Washington state is at stake in this litigation,” Elizabeth Ford, a labor-law expert and visiting professor at Seattle University School of Law, said in an email.
The case challenges “a central proposition” in U.S. labor law since the New Deal — that a union, once elected by a majority of workers in a workplace, has the authority to bargain on their behalf, Ford said.
An SEIU 925 leader dismissed the case as an attack by anti-labor forces and noted only four people signed on as plaintiffs, out of about 7,000 child-care providers represented by the union.
“We're standing strong,” said Marie Keller, family child-care provider chapter president for the union. Keller said providers have achieved substantial gains since the union was certified to represent them in 2006, getting higher subsidy payments, training and other benefits.
“Before we were organized, we suffered financial losses every time the state was hit hard by tough economic times. Now we're able to have a voice at the table,” she said.
But the child-care providers who joined the lawsuit object to the union's liberal political activism.
Cindy Mentele, a Shoreline family child-care provider who is the lead plaintiff in the lawsuit, said in a written statement she hoped it would “shed some light on the shadowy relationship between the state and SEIU,” calling the union “more of a political organization than an employee union.”
The lawsuit seeks to build on the U.S. Supreme Court's Harris v. Quinn ruling last year that struck down the ability of unions like SEIU to collect mandatory fees from workers to cover collective-bargaining expenses.
Despite that ruling, Freedom Foundation officials said, some workers here have had to repeatedly pester SEIU before the union stopped deducting the fees. The lawsuit seeks repayment of all such payments for the past three years, plus attorneys' fees and damages.
James Abernathy, a Freedom Foundation attorney, said the state and union are not advertising the option for workers to halt union payments because “they both thrive on an ignorant bargaining unit.”
In addition to SEIU, the lawsuit names Gov. Jay Inslee and other state officials. Inslee's office had no comment Thursday. Attorney General Bob Ferguson's office also had no immediate comment.
The Freedom Foundation has tangled with unions in the courts before. Its CEO, Tom McCabe, pointed to the organization's lawsuit against the state teachers union, which resulted in a 2007 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that said unions must get permission from members before using mandatory dues for political purposes.
“Our case today will help finish the job,” McCabe said.
The approach was logical: Relentless at the start, rested for the finish.
Hassan Whiteside took care of the first part of the equation. He never had a chance to make a difference with the second.
Because of that, it left the Miami Heat and coach Erik Spoelstra to rethink what went wrong in Friday's 93-72 loss to the Dallas Mavericks at AmericanAirlines Arena, and left many to wonder whether the shorthanded Heat can even be competitive with the emerging center out of the lineup.
While Whiteside loaded up on memorable numbers in the loss, two others told the story of the game that sent the Heat out onto their four-game trip with a 20-26 record: 3:12 and 7:55.
The first was the time on the clock in the third quarter when Spoelstra removed Whiteside, with Heat leading the Mavericks 60-51.
The second was when Whiteside was reinserted in the fourth quarter, with the Heat down 72-60.
The Heat start a four game road trip on Sunday in Boston. The Heat start a four game road trip on Sunday in Boston. SEE MORE VIDEOS
Whiteside wound up logging 28 minutes, 30 seconds, with teammates Chris Bosh, Mario Chalmers and James Ennis all seeing more action. And while two early fouls were an initial issue, Whiteside closed with only three.
"You always want to play," Whiteside said. "Everybody wants to play. That's what it was, I really wanted to play. But, as you can see, they went on a run. I mean, that's a question for Coach."
It was one that Spoelstra answered forthrightly immediately after the game, before he turned his attention to Sunday's start of the Heat's four-game trip against the Boston Celtics at TD Garden.
"It happened quickly," Spoelstra said of going those intervening minutes without Whiteside. "I should have, looking back on it. He needed to come out at the end of the third. They went small at the end of the third, beginning of the fourth, to really spread the court, space us out. So we put Rio and C.B. back in there.
"That should have been enough. But it wasn't."
Whiteside had missed two games with a sprained right ankle before returning last Sunday with yet another breakout performance against the Chicago Bulls.
"No," Spoelstra said, "there's not a minutes limit. I had to take him out, for fatigue in the third quarter. And then it just went like that."
Whiteside said it was not his place to request a return.
"I mean, I don't talk to Coach Spo about minutes," he said. "I'm just glad. I'm just blessed to be here. So I just do my job."
He did that, and more, at the outset, with franchise-record 14 rebounds in the first quarter and with 16 by halftime. He closed with 16 points and 24 rebounds, the third-highest total in the NBA this season and the second-highest in regulation.
"Hassan gave us great minutes. He was tremendous on the glass, really plugging up the paint," Spoelstra said. "It's hard not to notice the rebounding, the two-handed rebounds in traffic, right from the beginning."
As a bonus, Whiteside also showed a deft touch by converting a pair of early jumpers.
"I could always shoot," he said. "I just really never needed to."
At times, Whiteside's rebounding grew mesmerizing. But Spoelstra said it should not have been something that reduced teammates' focus on the game.
"I don't think that had to do with the turnovers, lack of execution, not getting back, that kind of thing," Spoelstra said of his team's second-half collapse. "I don't know if the guys knew or not, but it was hard not to notice that every time they missed that he was grabbing the rebound."
The reality is that Whiteside has become essential, especially with Dwyane Wade likely out until the All-Star break in two weeks with his strained right hamstring and with Luol Deng having missed the past two games with a bruised calf.
The Heat shot just 9 of 37 with Whiteside on the bench Friday, outrebounded by seven when he was off the floor, as opposed to a plus-10 advantage during his 28:30. He closed January at .670 from the field (63 of 94), the second-highest percentage in a month by a Heat player with a minimum of 40 attempts, bettered only by Shaquille O'Neal's .680 in April 2006 (66 of 97).
"When I'm out there, I just try to do the best to put us in a situation to win," he said. "We're missing a couple of teammates. We just have to push through it."
iwinderman@tribpub.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman.
Spread the love
Loogootee, IN — An Indiana woman is facing the consequences of using cannabis to treat her health conditions in a state where it has yet to be legally sanctioned after she says police raided her home, interrogated her family and charged her as a felon.
Deangela Forbes told the Free Thought Project that the incident began when Loogootee Police were attempting to serve a court order for her boyfriend, Michael Bakerian, to appear in court for a civil matter. She said things changed when the officer serving the warrant smelled marijuana through the screen door. Instead of serving Bakerian with the papers, the officer returned to police headquarters and obtained a search warrant for their apartment.
Bakerian's father is a retired police officer, and Forbes is a former prison guard—but not even their history of support for law enforcement could have prepared them for what happened next.
On June 24 at 1 a.m., Forbes said a team of police officers opened their front door and came barging into the apartment, screaming orders at the two adults and Forbes's 15-year-old son.
“Get in the living room, now! Get out in the living room!” they screamed ordering all three to the den. Forbes said they tore apart her bedroom, even though she told them where the marijuana was located.
“They tried to get me to say I had an ounce, which is a felony, but I didn't have that much,” Forbes told TFTP, noting that she recalls having about half an ounce. “I felt like they were trying to trick me into incriminating myself into a felony.”
Forbes said she obtained the marijuana to help treat medical conditions such gastroparesis, an inability to digest food when the digestive system becomes somewhat paralyzed. She smokes cannabis to be able to eat, as the condition prevents her from feeling hunger.
Forbes also suffers from diabetes and is insulin dependent. She said she has to balance her blood sugar levels daily by taking insulin injections and prescription medicine. She noted that cannabis helps her diabetic neuropathy as well. “It helps me with my pain and helps me be able to eat,” she said.
“The police kept using their flashlights to show each other I had needles and they seemed to think I was on heroin on something,” Forbes said, noting that the needles were actually present for her regular insulin injections.
Forbes said she was arrested and charged with two felonies and a misdemeanor. She was charged with “maintaining a common nuisance” and “neglect of a dependent” both of which are class six felonies. For using cannabis to control her gastroparesis and to mitigate the pain of diabetic neuropathy, she was charged with misdemeanor possession of marijuana.
“I've never been in trouble with the law!” Forbes said, adding that she now has to find a new place to live because her apartment complex is government run, and as such has a zero tolerance policy towards drug use. She said that she and her son were given just a few days to vacate the apartment, while her boyfriend is still in jail, facing charges of “visiting a common nuisance” and “possession of marijuana.”
Before the arrests, Forbes said her boyfriend was working two jobs, but he has not been able to work since because his bond is set at $2500 cash. She now has to depend upon the help of other family members to move their belongings, all because one officer smelled cannabis at her front door.
Forbes, who was using cannabis to control her pain and appetite, now has to be drugged tested weekly, a result of Child Protective Services' involvement in their home. “I've already done two,” she said and it has only been a week.
“Some people suggested there's a medicine called ‘Marinol' and that I should try that,” Forbes replied when asked how she is going to make it without cannabis. Marinol is a big pharma brand of thc — synthetic cannabis — which is legal by prescription. If you have the government-approved synthetic version of the exact same drug as cannabis, cops won't kick in your door and kidnap you. Seems legit.
In the minds of free thinkers, it is clear to see Forbes was benefitting from a natural plant, in order to maintain her health up until police—enforcing Indiana's draconian drug laws—invaded her home, kidnapped her family, and caged the breadwinner.
The so-called authorities then subjected her to the deprivation of her life-saving pain management protocol, and have forced her to submit to the public scrutiny of her parenting skills. The family has now been forced into homelessness all because pharmaceutical companies insist that their chemical substitutes are the only drugs which will be sold by prescription in Indiana.
It is time for a change. Marijuana has helped millions of people and is legal to be used in at least 29 states in the U.S. Still, stories like Forbes' serve to illustrate that while some Americans are given the freedoms to use natural medicine for their ailments, others are not so lucky.
The disturbance now entering the Gulf of Mexico is receiving a lot of attention today, and the latest afternoon models are worth discussing.
First, however, let's take a moment to marvel at the wonders of modern forecasting technology. Ten days ago, when there wasn't more than a whiff of storminess in the Caribbean Sea, forecast models were predicting the possibility of a storm forming this weekend in the Gulf. That's darn impressive.
OK, back to the storm at hand. Here's a look at what's coming into the Gulf this afternoon:
As of its 1 p.m. CT update, the National Hurricane Center has upgraded to 50 percent the chance that this disturbance becomes a tropical depression or storm within the next 48 hours. That's a significant jump from this morning. It has been designated Invest 96L.
The other big news is the massive change in the forecast track of the European model, which now eventually brings this system toward Texas as a strong tropical storm rather than to Florida.
Unlike the Canadian model, which I highlighted this morning, forecasters take the European model very seriously because it has a good track record with hurricane forecasting in recent years.
Here's what we know:
1. The system poses a threat to the entire U.S. Gulf Coast. It's just not clear where it will eventually go.
2. The trends in its development suggest it's more likely than not to become a tropical depression or storm by Saturday or Sunday.
3. Over the next two or three days Invest 96L likely to slowly drift north into the Central Gulf of Mexico. After that steering currents are unclear.
That's the extent of what we know. After the storm reaches the central Gulf of Mexico there are a couple of possibilities.
In one scenario a large area of low pressure over the Eastern United States strengthens. This would provide a steering current by dragging up the storm system and shoves it quickly northeast across Florida next week. Until this afternoon this is the scenario most of the major models favored.
However, another possibility, one reflected by the European model above and now a majority the most reliable models, is a further strengthening of the upper level high pressure over the southern United States. This would block further northern progression by 96L, eventually pushing it toward Texas or northern Mexico by the middle of next week.
What will happen? We just don't know, says Fred Schmude, a forecaster with ImpactWeather.
“This far out our confidence is very low considering steering currents will be weak and erratic later this weekend into early next week, so the best advice right now is stayed tuned to the latest developments,” he said. “We'll have a much better idea of the eventual track of this storm system once were able to gauge the strength of the Deep South upper high and East Coast trough.”
We'll also have a better idea when a center of circulation develops, which would provide better information for the track models.
As for intensity, it's late June, and the Gulf of Mexico is plenty warm. If the European model is right, the system will have four or five days over the Gulf, which is plenty of time for the system to get organized. So there's potential, but at this point who knows.
So Fred's right, it's something we definitely need to watch.
July 7, 2016
by The Canadian Press
OTTAWA—Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan says Canada's aging fighter jets need to be replaced soon, but there's no timeline at present for when—and how—that's going to happen.
Sajjan addressed the defence and aerospace industry on the subject yesterday morning and also faced questions from reporters over the fighter jet program.
The Liberals committed during last fall's election campaign to scrap the previous government's plans to buy Lockheed Martin's F-35 and hold an open competition to decide which jet should be purchased instead.
But last month media reports suggested they were considering going ahead with a sole-source purchase of the Boeing Super Hornets.
Sajjan says no decision has been made on which plane to buy, but one is needed soon or the air force will go from managing what he claims is an existing capability gap to a capability loss. For the time being, however, the CF-18s will continue to fly. Defence and training company CAE Inc. announced it has been awarded a new contract to continue providing support services for the aircraft July 7.
Sajjan says he won't make a decision until he has all the necessary information in front of him—and that's still being gathered.
“In the business I had, we invested in over 100 different businesses and net-net, taking out the ones where we lost jobs and those that we added, those businesses have now added over 100,000 jobs.”
— Mitt Romney, Jan. 7, 2012
Last week, when we first looked at the former Massachusetts governor's claim that “we helped create over 100,000 new jobs,” his campaign provided a list that included the growth in jobs from three companies that it said Romney helped to start or grow while at Bain Capital: Staples (a gain of 89,000 jobs), The Sports Authority (15,000 jobs), and Domino's (7,900 jobs).
As we noted, “This tally obviously does not include job losses from other companies with which Bain Capital was involved — and are based on current employment figures, not the period when Romney worked at Bain.”
Glenn Kessler live chatted with readers on this topic. Read the chat transcript now.
In Saturday's ABC News-Yahoo debate, Romney expanded on the list: “There's a steel company called Steel Dynamics in Indiana, thousands of jobs there; Bright Horizons Children's Centers, about 15,000 jobs there; Sports Authority, about 15,000 jobs there, Staples alone, 90,000 employed. That's a business that we helped start from the ground up.”
Last week, when we looked at this 100,000 figures, we evaluated it along with Romney's claims about President Obama's job creation figures, which overall earned One Pinocchio. Earlier, we had ruled that it was all but impossible to prove or disprove Romney's claims on job creation. But in light of Romney's comments during the debate and some additional research, we have come to a new assessment.
The Facts
By all accounts, Romney was a highly successful venture capitalist. While running Bain Capital, he helped pick some real winners, earning his investors substantial returns. High finance is a difficult subject to convey in a sound bite, so Romney evidently has chosen to focus on job creation.
This is a mistake, because it overstates the purposes of Bain's investments and has now led Romney into a factually challenging cul-de-sac.
Romney never could have raised money from investors if the prospectus seeking $1-million investments from the super wealthy had said it would focus on creating jobs. Instead, it said: “The objective of the fund is to achieve an annual rate of return on invested capital in excess of the returns generated by conventional investments in the public equity market and the private equity market.”
Indeed, the prospectus never mentions “jobs,” “job,” or “employees.”
Second, it has become increasingly hard to understand how Romney's personal involvement played a role in creating these jobs, especially years later. He clearly is adding up all the jobs now at the companies that are thriving, arguing these numbers far outweigh the job losses at companies that failed. But as the Wall Street Journal reported Monday, the failure rate one can attribute to Bain Capital changes significantly if one counts five years from an investment or eight years from an investment.
Bain, in fact, rejected the Journal's analysis, saying it “uses a fundamentally flawed methodology that unfairly assigns responsibility to us for many events that occurred in companies when we did not own or control them, and disregards dozens of successful venture capital investments.”
In other words, Bain appears to be rejecting a central premise of Romney's calculation — that years after the investment ended, one can attribute either good news or bad news about the company to Bain's involvement.
Romney is generally careful to use phrases such as “helped create.” He also acknowledged Saturday that we “were investors to help get them going.” But even that overstates the case.
Bain may have provided management expertise or money when others would not, but a company such as Staples — one of the biggest contributors to Romney's job figures — was largely the brainchild of entrepreneur Tom Stemberg. Stemberg presumably should get most of the credit for inventing a killer new business category. (Left unsaid, of course, is all the jobs that might have been lost at small stationery stores unable to compete with the low prices of Staples, Office Depot and so forth.)
Moreover, should Romney even get any credit for jobs at Domino's, as his campaign claims? The deal in which Bain Capital bought Domino's closed on Dec. 21, 1998, according to a Domino's news release that referred to “Milt Romney.” Less than two months later Romney had left Bain to run the Salt Lake Olympics, meaning he had barely any role in running the company once it became part of the Bain investment portfolio.
When Romney made a run for the governorship, the Boston Globe reported in 2002 that he had not been involved in the details of many deals toward the end of his Bain experience: “These days, Romney can say he hasn't inked a deal in many years. Even during the end of his tenure at Bain, from 1994 to 1999, he played the role of CEO and rainmaker rather than delving into the details of buyouts.”
Interestingly, when Romney ran for the Senate in 1994, his campaign only claimed he had created 10,000 jobs. In one ad, a narrator said: “Mitt Romney has spent his life building more than 20 businesses and helping to create more than 10,000 jobs. So when it comes to creating jobs, he's not just talk. He's done it.”
Now, apparently, those 10,000 jobs have increased tenfold, apparently in part because of Bain investments in which Romney had at best a tangential role.
In the 2008 presidential campaign, as far as we can tell, Romney never highlighted any number for jobs created, having learned a lesson from how ruthlessly he was attacked by Sen. Edward Kennedy in that Senate race for jobs lost through Bain investments.
We asked the Romney campaign for a response, but did not get one.
The Pinocchio Test
Romney certainly has a good story to tell about knowing how to manage a business, spotting opportunities and understanding high finance. But if he is to continue to make claims about job creation, the Romney campaign needs to provide a real accounting of how many jobs were gained or lost through Bain Capital investments while the firm managed these companies — and while Romney was chief executive. Any jobs counted after either of those data points simply do not pass the laugh test.
Three Pinocchios
(About our rating scale)
Check out our candidate Pinocchio Tracker
Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook .
Track each presidential candidate's campaign ads .
TORONTO -- Henrik Lundqvist is so good-looking, he makes me sick. In the flesh, he looks as though he's been custom-made to make the rest of us feel bad about ourselves.
He must stare at mortals the way the rest of us look into funhouse mirrors, amused and repulsed at the same time. His eyes are as bright and electric as lightning. His nose has facets like a diamond. His teeth set some new standard for whiteness, and his chin is sharp enough to be used as a surgical instrument. I can't even begin to describe his hair without wanting to punch a wall. A man with hair such as his doesn't deserve anything more out of life. His hair alone should be blessing enough.
Except Lundqvist also gets to be one of hockey's greatest goalies and Swedish. His nickname is King. He has a picture-perfect family and a seven-year, $59.5 million contract. He has fabulous taste in clothes and a body like a mannequin. For a hobby, he decided to learn to play guitar. Now he's good at playing the guitar, because of course he is. I go through the first six stages of grief just thinking about Lundqvist and his gifts. I never reach the mythical seventh stage, acceptance. I just go back to disbelief and start the vicious cycle again.
How crippling is my envy? Before their goalie was sidelined from the World Cup opener with an illness, I decided to talk to Lundqvist's teammates and ask them to betray his most private flaws. Who better to reveal his weaknesses and insecurities? I didn't need a tragic, secret curse. I'm not a psycho. I just needed some glimmer of hope that Lundqvist isn't as perfect as he seems. I'd take a slightly irregular digestive system.
"He has it all, to be honest," Daniel Sedin said.
That's not helpful, Daniel.
"I know, but that's all I can say. The one thing that impresses me most about him -- "
Daniel, I don't need to hear this.
" -- is his winning mentality. He wants to win at everything he does. That's his real strength."
Great. I thought it was his hair.
Someone told me to talk to Anton Stralman. He knows Lundqvist as well as anybody, and he wouldn't be afraid to chirp him. No word of a lie, this is exactly how that conversation went:
"What? You want to know what he sucks at?" Stralman said. "That's a good question. He's pretty intimidating."
Stralman then looked at the ceiling for a full minute. "I'm thinking hard here," he said. "He's very superstitious. Is that a weakness? I guess most players are. There's nothing unique there."
Stralman thought for two more minutes. He actually drummed his fingers on a table. "I mean, there must be something," he said. "I just can't find it right now."
He asked if I could give him a few more minutes to think about it.
In the meantime, I thought one of Lundqvist's frustrated backups would be only too happy to vent. Imagine being Sweden's second-best goalie, and Lundqvist is the one guy in line ahead of you? I asked Jacob Markstrom whether he'd seen Lundqvist be inept at anything.
"Not that I can think of," Markstrom said. "Just look at him. I can't think of anything bad about him. Just watching him makes me play better."
"He has it all, to be honest," Team Sweden teammate Daniel Sedin said of Lundqvist. "The one thing that impresses me most about him is his winning mentality. He wants to win at everything he does. That's his real strength." Paul Bereswill/Getty Images
Before I vomited in the garbage can beside him, Markstrom said Carl Hagelin might be able to help.
"He can be in his own world at times," Hagelin said. "If you're having a discussion, he can kind of float away and not really know what's going on."
OK! Henrik Lundqvist occasionally gets lost in thought. It wasn't much, but it was something.
Unfortunately, Hagelin continued. "I don't know if that's a bad thing," he said. "Sometimes that's a good thing."
Like Stralman talking about superstition, Hagelin couldn't quite make himself believe that he'd uncovered a flaw in his shimmering teammate. Lundqvist seems so invincible that when people think they've found a weakness in him, they convince themselves that it must in fact be a strength.
Hagelin thought some more. "He's awful at golf," he said. "His swing is really bad. He doesn't bring the club all the way back. He looks like he's 75 years old when he swings."
Does that bother him?
"No," Hagelin said. "I don't think he cares."
I went back to Stralman. "You find anything?" he asked hopefully, as though he needed this as badly I did.
Golf, I said. I guess he isn't awesome at golf.
"Here's the thing," Stralman said. "That's what I was thinking about, but in Washington, we were out playing. It was me, Loui [Eriksson] and him. And he won. I was going to say golf, but I'm even worse."
We all are, Anton. We're all worse at everything.
Finally, dejectedly, I approached the King himself. I could barely stand to look at him. I felt like the "before" picture in some ridiculous diet or plastic surgery ad; he was the impossible "after."
"Henrik," I said, and I surprised myself by how much pleading was in my voice. "Are you bad at anything?"
He smiled, and I could see my anxious face reflected in every one of his shining teeth.
"There are a lot of things," he said. "We don't have that much time to talk about them all."
There is Lundqvist's weakness. He is a terrible liar. I told him so.
"No, there's a lot," he said. "But you try to focus on the positive things when you're an athlete, especially as a goalie. You don't like to talk about your flaws. It's better to focus on the good things."
Focus on the good things.
He smiled again. He really does have incredible teeth.
It's always great to see a local race car driver who gets to show his talents on a bigger stage. One complaint short track fans have is our local guys never get a shot at the big leagues. Well just a few weeks ago New Hampshire native Andy Seuss was wrapping up the NASCAR Southern Whelen Modified tour championship on the 1/4 mile inner oval at the Charlotte Motor Speedway. Now he is focusing on racing at a much larger track this weekend, the Talladega Superspeedway. Andy will climb behind the wheel of a 3,400 pound Camping World Truck Series truck at Talladega Superspeedway. Andy normally drives a much lighter open wheel modified on the north and south NASCAR Whelen Modified tours in addition to running the Tri-Track Open Modified Series in New England.
Andy is no stranger to driving at the world's fastest Superspeedway. Originally Andy attempted to qualify for the ARCA race at Daytona Speedway in February, but did not make the field. In May he again attempted to qualify for the ARCA series International Motorsports Hall of Fame 200 at the Talladega Superspeedway. This time he made the field and finished 2 laps down in 21st after starting 26th.
Now Andy has a chance to return to Talladega but this time driving a Camping World Truck for the #28 team owned by Jim Rosenblum out of Rahmoc Racing Engines shop in Concord, North Carolina.
We spoke to car owner Jim Rosenblum and Andy Seuss this afternoon and both are looking forward to this weekends race. Andy told us he is a little nervous but very
excited about the opportunity to race a Camping World Truck at Talladega. When we asked how this ride came about we learned that he is no stranger to the team and has crewed for the #28 for the last 3 years. Andy originally met Jim through Rahmoc where he gets the engines for his modifieds. Andy hopes to bring home the truck in one piece as if he does Jim promised they would head to Daytona for Speedweeks in February. Andy also asked us to thank the sponsors that have come on board this weekend to help get him to the track, Doug Dunleavy who has helped so many race teams, Ed Harvey who owns his championship modified on the southern tour and William E Smith Trucking.
Jim is a native New Yorker but has been around NASCAR racing for decades. He brings his FDNY Racing truck to 4-5 races a year like and said he just wants to have fun at the track. The # 28 FDNY team is a unique team made up of all former firefighters, policemen and first responders. Each of the #28 trucks that hit the track proudly display the FDNY and NYPD logos. All the teams race earnings along with the profits from shirt and hat sales to The Widows and Children's Fund for FDNY and NYPD. His charitable work has earned him the NY Post's Liberty Medal and an Honorary Battalion Chief of the FDNY. This weekend Fox and NASCAR will show a short film about the #28 team filmed around NYC during the pre-race show. Go to FDNY Racing for more information on the team.
Tune into Fox on Saturday at 1:00PM to see Andy's Camping World Truck debut in the Fred's 250 presented by Coca-Cola Camping World Truck Series race.
After Solyndra-gate, Benghazi-gate, and I.R.S.-gate comes Gruber-gate—the latest flap over the 2010 Affordable Care Act. The controversy centers on Jon Gruber, an M.I.T. economist and health-care expert who, during the passage of the A.C.A., served as a highly remunerated consultant to the Obama Administration. In a series of talks at academic conferences, videos of which have recently surfaced, Gruber says that the creators of the A.C.A. deliberately misrepresented, or kept vague, some of its contents, seeking to exploit the “stupidity” of ordinary voters.
If you want to catch up on the details of what Gruber said and how his statements came to light, Sarah Kliff, of Vox, has posted a good explainer. But it's important to note that this story didn't get going in a vacuum. Conservatives and Republicans seized on the Gruber videos in the wake of the midterms, at a moment when the health-care exchanges at the heart of the A.C.A. were preparing to take applications for 2015. On Saturday, the first day for enrollment in new policies, more than a hundred thousand people logged on to Healthcare.gov and more than twenty thousand people submitted applications for coverage, according to Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
This level of interest came as no surprise. Despite the disastrous launch of Healthcare.gov, this time last year, surveys show that the exchanges are now operating largely as advertised. In the past twelve months or so, about 7.3 million Americans have used them to take out insurance plans. An estimated 8.7 million people have obtained coverage through Medicaid, which saw its income-eligibility thresholds raised under the A.C.A. With so many people getting coverage, a lot of them for the first time, the number of uninsured Americans has fallen sharply. And, moreover, most people who have purchased insurance policies on the new exchanges are happy with them.
You don't believe me? A recent article in the Times cites surveys carried out by the Rand Corporation, the Commonwealth Fund, and Gallup, all of which indicated that the percentage of working-age Americans without health coverage has fallen by about a quarter, from somewhere around twenty per cent to somewhere around fifteen per cent. And, on Friday, Gallup published the results of a new survey, which asked people who bought policies through government exchanges what they thought of them. Seventy-one per cent of respondents rated the quality of their coverage as good or excellent. Nineteen per cent said it was fair. Nine per cent said it was poor.
If your goal were to demolish large parts of Obamacare, or even to repeal it entirely, would you want voters to dwell on figures such as these? Or would you prefer that they focus on the videos of Gruber? Conservative commentators and activists, having already promoted “Grubering” as a new verb (meaning: trying to deceive people), are now pinning a new nickname to the professor: the Six-Million-Dollar Man. According to Deroy Murdock, a contributor at National Review online, that's about how much money various government entities have paid Gruber in consulting fees during the past few years for his advice and for the use of his computer models. John McCain, in remarks to the Washington Post, summarized, with commendable honesty, what purpose the Gruber saga is playing: “This gives us ammunition to make fundamental changes to the law.”
Unlike some other commentators, I don't really blame mainstream media outlets, such as the Post, for running with the Gruber story. News is news, after all—even when, as in this case, it's not very new at all. But a legitimate news story for political reporters to pursue isn't the same thing as a genuine scandal, which, for example, is what the Bush Administration's deliberate mis-marketing of the Iraq-war resolution amounted to. If ever there were a classic case of Grubering, that is it. Republican efforts to tar the Obama Administration haven't come close to meeting such a standard, and Grubergate, although it's providing conservatives with endless amusement and causing the Administration a good deal of embarrassment, is ultimately another dud.
That's not to say Gruber wasn't an influential adviser to the Administration—he was. As a primary force behind the Massachusetts health-care reform on which the A.C.A. was based, and as the owner of a computer model that provided numeric answers about various detailed policy proposals much more quickly than the Congressional Budget Office could, he was an indispensable expert: that's why the Department of Health and Human Services and various other agencies hired him and paid him handsomely. Rather than belittling Gruber, which isn't very credible, the Obamaites should openly acknowledge this and explain what role he played.
Still, the mere fact that Gruber was a significant player doesn't mean that the videos of him appearing at academic conferences, most of which are several years old, have revealed anything particularly scandalous. The most incendiary thing he said was that the A.C.A.'s authors designed the reform so that residents of states which didn't launch their own exchanges wouldn't be eligible for federal subsidies. This seems to mirror what opponents of the A.C.A. have claimed in a series of lawsuits, one of which the Supreme Court is now considering. (My colleague James Surowiecki wrote about this case, King v. Burwell.) But Gruber has already disavowed what he said, acknowledging that it was mistaken, and many people who were involved in the actual writing of the law—Gruber wasn't—deny there was anything to it to begin with.
Some of Gruber's comments on the videos are more credible. It seems perfectly believable that the Administration went to considerable lengths to prevent the Congressional Budget Office from classifying the individual mandate as a tax, a designation that could have torpedoed the entire reform. It was also fair to suggest that, on occasion, some supporters of Obamacare overstated its commitment to cost containment.
All Administrations, when they are trying to pass big reforms, stress the positive things that are likely to ensue (for example: the number of uninsured people will go down) rather than emphasize the possible downsides of the program (some people who already have insurance may face higher premiums). Did the Reagan Administration, in introducing its huge tax cuts, acknowledge how they would balloon the deficit? Did the Clinton Administration, in approving the final dismantling of the Glass–Steagall Act and introducing other forms of financial deregulation, advertise the risks that such policies entailed? Did the Bush Administration, in making the case for invading Iraq, dwell on what might happen when Saddam wasn't there to hold Iraq together?
None of them did, of course. But the seriousness of the deception depends on the extent of the harm done. Reagan's tax policies did considerable injury to the U.S. economy and, most certainly, so did the Clinton-era deregulation. In the case of the Iraq war, the harm done was even greater. Indeed, it was immeasurable.
And in the case of Obamacare?
About the worst that can be said about the A.C.A. is that it has proved more of a hassle to people who had previously taken out individual coverage than its authors said it would. In many cases, following the enactment of the law individual policyholders saw their policies cancelled, and they were forced to take out new ones, some of which cost them more than the old ones. This was often because the new policies were better and offered more coverage. But the President said that this wouldn't happen, and it did. (Of course, critics of Obamacare make a bunch of other charges, too. For instance, they claim that the A.C.A. has hampered hiring and undermined small businesses. So far, though, there isn't much evidence, if any, to support these claims.)
On the plus side, the law has undoubtedly done what it was designed to do: make health insurance more affordable for low- to middle-income people and help fill a gaping hole in the social-safety net. According to the latest figures, roughly four out of every five people who purchased insurance on the government exchanges were eligible for a federal subsidy, and, on average, these subsidies reduced the cost of coverage by seventy per cent. No wonder most of the folks who used the exchanges like them. Moreover, in designing the law, the Administration did include some economy measures, such as reducing the overpayments to doctors and hospitals that had been taking place under Medicare, which will help to bring down costs over the long-term—and may also have contributed to the recent slowdown in health-care inflation, although this is a matter of debate.
Looking back, health-care historians may well argue that it would have been simpler and more cost effective to have foregone the exchanges completely and adopted a more statist alternative, such as raising the Medicaid income thresholds to twice the poverty level (or even further) and rebranding the program to remove the stigma attached to it. But Obama's top advisers and senior Democrats on Capitol Hill concluded that a “public option” of this sort didn't have the support of enough powerful interests to make it through Congress, and they were in a position to know. So the Administration went down the Massachusetts–Gruber route, making a deal with the big health insurers who stood to gain (and, indeed, have gained) from a big jump in enrollments fuelled by generous federal subsidies.
In political terms, this approach turned out to be something of a Faustian bargain. Although the insurance policies sold through the government exchanges are popular with those who take them out, the over-all reform package still has low approval ratings: just thirty-seven per cent, according to Gallup. But there's nothing shameful or scandalous about the policy, or about how it was introduced. To the contrary. After decades of ignoring a glaring market failure—the failure of the richest economy in the world to provide health-care coverage to many of its less-well-off citizens—the federal government finally stepped in and introduced a remedy. Because of the way Washington works, it wasn't a straightforward, elegant, or inexpensive remedy. But it needed to be put in place, and it's working out much as its knowledgeable proponents, Gruber included, said it would. That's the real story, which the Republicans in Congress and their addled supporters are busy trying to obfuscate.
“There are still many legally married, same-sex couples seeking Social Security benefits who continue to be viewed as second-class citizens in the eyes of the law,” said Senator Patty Murray, a Democrat from Washington, who co-sponsored a bill that would extend the benefits to all gay married couples, regardless of where they lived.
In fact, even for same-sex couples living in states where same-sex marriage is legal, “Social Security has been a hard ship to navigate,” said Gary Buseck, legal director at Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders.
But when it comes to requests for all types of benefits, including pension benefits from a spouse's employer, he said “a majority of folks are finding favorable results — but after a lot of persistent effort,” including contacting organizations like his own. “I worry about people who try once, face a mysterious negative response from an agency and then give up,” he added.
Some people have complicated questions, such as whether they are entitled to their late spouse's pension benefits and whether they can collect those payments retroactively — as if the Defense of Marriage Act never existed. (For federal employees, the answer is generally yes. For private employees, it depends.)
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act — the federal law known as Erisa that governs many retirement and health plans — requires employer-provided pensions to follow certain rules that protect surviving spouses. For instance, married retirees must generally take their pensions in the form of annuities that provide payments to a surviving spouse, unless the spouses gives up that right. And if a worker dies before beginning to collect the pension, the spouse typically is entitled to half the pension payments the worker would have received.
“Every private sector company in America that has a pension is subject to these rules,” said Todd A. Solomon, a partner in the employee benefits department of McDermott Will & Emery, a law firm in Chicago.
The Internal Revenue Service, which also oversees pensions, does not require pension plans to provide retroactive benefits to survivors (at least before the Windsor ruling). But that does not mean workers cannot seek benefits; plans that did not clearly define the word “spouse” can be vulnerable to claims and lawsuits, he said.
House Bill 142, which repeal House Bill 2, would be introduced to the Senate floor Thursday morning. | Getty North Carolina lawmakers announce deal to repeal bathroom law
North Carolina state legislators announced late Wednesday they had reached a deal with Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper to repeal the controversial HB2 law, which restricted transgender bathroom access in the state.
Senate President Pro Tem Phil Berger and House Speaker Tim Moore, according to local reports, said at a late-night press conference that House Bill 142, which would repeal House Bill 2, would be re-introduced to the Senate floor Thursday morning.
Story Continued Below
“We have reached an agreement with the governor," said Berger. “We have agreed with the governor that we will take no questions tonight.”
The pair of legislators gave no further details of the repeal measure, but asserted that the bill "will pass" when it hits the floor of the legislature Thursday.
If the repeal is successful, it would shutter a hotly contested law enacted under Republican Gov. Pat McCrory that prevented individuals from entering government facilities that matched their gender identity.
The law also limits discrimination protections on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals.
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The repeal process, if completed by noon Thursday, could also mean the state may escape punitive measures from the NCAA, which had threatened to remove the state from contention for being chosen for championship sites from 2018 through 2022. The NCAA had previously relocated other events, including men's basketball tournament games that were to have been played in Greensboro this month.
The HB2 law, which has been fiercely protested by LGBT-advocacy groups and national political figures, has also threatened to pose harsh long-term economic problems for the state, with numerous high-profile lucrative deals, pulled or on the verge of being pulled in opposition to the law. Since the law's passing, numerous companies have mounted boycotts and a spate of protests in its opposition have been held at the local, state and national level.
Despite the rebuttal of local Republicans, who pushed the bill through the legislature last March, analyses have painted a dire picture of its economic impact. An Associated Press analysis found that $3.76 billion would be lost in business over a dozen years in the state if HB2 remained in place.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
South Park's recent foray into more serialized seasons has resulted in a creative boom for the series, now on its twentieth season. Trey Parker and Matt Stone's crudely animated, crudely written show has managed to consistently find ways to reinvent itself, whether by leaning harder on its satirical edge, developing its cast in deeper, unique ways, improving the scale of the animation, or establishing longer story arcs. Last season brought all those aspects together as the citizens of South Park dealt with the violently aggressive bro-type PC Principal, gentrification, and inexplicable fan-fiction. Not everything worked (“Safe Space” fell into the trap of misunderstanding what safe spaces actually are, and I'm not quite sure if the “everyone's an ad” finale hit the mark), but you can't deny the show now has a verve that hasn't been seen in quite a while.
Advertisement
So South Park is in a prime position to attack this election, which–let's face it–is fucking ridiculous. Parker and Stone tend to get a lot of criticism for their “both sides are garbage” rhetoric, but this presidential race is, at a pure political experience level, lopsided in a way that would even give these guys pause. So how would they approach the improbable success of Donald Trump–or rather, Mr. Garrison, whose skin is now a gross shade of brown/orange? By giving the former teacher a layer of self-reflection that seems to elude his real life counterpart. Mr. Garrison and Caitlyn Jenner celebrate their slight increase in the polls up until the point where Mr. Garrison realizes he could actually win this thing. With no genuine political plan, the duo panic, and realize that they're going to have to allow their turd sandwich of an opponent (Hillary Clinton) to win. That also means that Parker and Stone have brought back the old “giant douche or turd sandwich” bit, which honestly feels like the kind of old South Park sentiment that comes off pretty lazy these days.
“Member Berries” is aware of this to a certain extent, though. Much of the episode is supported by a new, special fruit that has a number of the South Park residents feeling good: member berries. They're weird, high-pitched, talking grapes that speak in lofty, nostalgic terms. Listening (and consuming) them allow people to just relax and take in the so-called good memories of Ghostbusters, The Fugitive, and Bionic Man. The hidden problem here is that the people taking them seem to not give a crap about the real problems happening today, nor are taken aback when the berries start spouting the kind of “nostalgia” that's basically racism. “'Member when there weren't so many Mexicans?” and “'Member when we were safer?” even jolt Randy from his lull. Randy, of all people! I don't know if member berries will be part of the overall season, but I hope so: Randy is the perfect sap to fall victim to member berries; I get the sense we'll be revisiting the both of them soon. Seeing Randy just spitting them out at the end is just too flat of a ending to that plot.
Really, the good stuff (as usual) comes from the actual children, starting with a hilarious and more biting piece of commentary. A packed stadium waits in earnest for a girls' volleyball game–not to see them play, but to see which girls will sit in protest of the national anthem due to online harassment. The crowd and announcers are whipped into a frenzy when the four of the six girls sit (three of them not even black), a pretty sharp take that calls out the media's sensationalism over the act of protest itself, not what the girls actually are protesting. It's telling that the stadium empties out right afterward, leaving only a scant few to watch the actual game. “Member Berries” pushes that absurdity to even further extremes, as Congress goes to visit “reboot” extraordinaire J.J. Abrams to reboot the national anthem in a manner that will suit everyone. South Park hits the sad ridiculousness of this pretty hard–that the attention is so uniformly focused on making the anthem “suitable” for everyone that no one pays attention to the actual problems. Hell, Abrams doesn't even change the song; he just “makes” it so it's okay to stand, sit, kneel, or do whatever you want when the “Star-Spangled Banner” is played (which also ruins Mr. Garrison's plan to throw the election). That's a man that's coasting on his member berries.
Advertisement
So of course the children are on their own, as always. An online troll by the name of “skankhunt42” is saying mean things about the girls online. Everyone suspects it's Cartman (can you blame them?). And Cartman does no one any favors when he reads a “rebooted” fairy tale to kindergarteners filled with homophobia, sexism, and racism. Or, worse, when he calls an assembly to speak out against the harassment, but forces the mic in front of random girls to demand they be funny, right here and right now. It's a perfect microcosm of that most insidious of trolling techniques: demanding satisfaction, debate, proof, etc. immediately and on their terms instead of actually, you know, finding that information on their own. Cartman makes a terrible advocate for social justice (although his real plan seems to be just to incite the gender war he sees as inevitable), and Kyle knows this, and the two are about to butt heads once again. It's an old and tired conflict that's been in part of South Park's DNA for years, but it's been Abram-ed with a twist: the actual skankhunt42 is none other than Kyle's father! That's how you do a reboot, and that's how you do a season premiere. The twentieth season of South Park is going to be interesting.
Stray observations
Thanks to Dan Caffrey for letting me sub in tonight! He'll be back covering for the show next week and the rest of the season.
No matter how many member berries I take, I'll never be on board with the whole giant douche vs. turd sandwich concept. I rolled my eyes when South Park first introduced it and I'm rolling my eyes at it again.
The one thing that really bothered me? The announcer saying, “You'd have to be an absolute asshole to not stand and support it [Abrams' revised national anthem]” while the camera focused on Colin Kaepernick. Not only was that a weirdly direct attack on Kaepernick and his protests, but it also felt like a weird, personal stance that Parker and Stone took against his protests. Given their “attack everything” position, it just seemed weird that they'd be upset at that–or maybe I'm just reading way too much into that shot.
Pretty amusing montage of Mr. Garrison and all the times he claimed to fuck his enemies to death. Too bad they didn't call out Matt Lauer's piss-poor job hosting that forum though.
With those shots of the various girls walking away from their TVs, I hope we get to see them really mix it up in the upcoming season. Wendy, Bebe, and Nicole need to be used more in the mix of South Park shenanigans, and since the main plot is all about them…
Watching Gerald grow more and more insidious as he reveled in his online persona was both disturbing and shockingly accurate. There's way too many people who are normal and calm in real life but become monsters online, justifying it as if it's no big deal. I'm very curious where that aspect of the show is going.
Perhaps the most significant news from the FBI's pre-Labor Day document release was the revelation that Team Clinton began wiping Hillary's server shortly after the New York Times broke the story that she had one. As I noted here, the Times revealed in early March that Clinton used a private email server. The wiping occurred later that month.
There's more to the story, though. Almost immediately after the Times' report appeared, Congress issued a document preservation order to Team Clinton. It seems that the Clintonistas had the server wiped clean of documents in defiance of that order.
Fox News' Catherine Herridge, appearing just now on Brit Hume's show (how nice it is that Hume is back), presented the following timeline:
March 2 – the New York Times reports the existence of Clinton's private server March 3-4 – Congress issues the document preservation order to the Clinton team March 9 – Platte River, the IT firm handling the server, receives the preservation order March 25 – Clinton lawyers David Kendall and Cheryl Mills hold a conference call with Platte River March 31 – Platte River deletes the back-up of Clinton's emails
If this timeline is accurate, it strongly suggests that Clinton's lawyers obstructed justice by instructing Platte River to delete emails in the face of an order by Congress not to do so.
According to Herridge, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform plans to subpoena key personnel from Platte River to testify about the matter. If its key witnesses answer and answer honestly, we should learn whether the key fourth piece of the timeline – the conference call — took place on the date indicated. If the witnesses refuse to appear or answer, that will be revealing too.
Apparently, the committee hopes to get this testimony by the end of the month. If anything, the pace of new stories about the Clinton email scandal seems likely to intensify as we approach the election.
Reports are doing the rounds today about how Orange is transferring 40 call centre jobs from Darlington in County Durham to Manila in the Philippines.
Apparently if staff transfer to Manila they will get the same pay and benefits as local workers. This is less than £200 per month with rice and laundry allowances thrown in.
Here is an article about it.
Orange said it had to discuss the transfer option with staff but that the offers were not sent to them officially.
“We recently proposed some operational changes to our nightshift customer services for the Orange brand. As part of a business process decision, overnight consumer calls will in future be handled by an existing outsource partner in Manila during their daytime hours. In accordance with UK employment law, we've completed a collective consultation and are now holding discussions on an individual basis. All 40 of our consumer nightshift team based in Darlington will be offered alternative roles in the UK, or redundancy terms,” said Orange.
Regarding the transferring to Manila issue it siaid: “This was an HR error, for which we apologise. We are in contact with the 40 employees involved and will be making it clear that we're not proactively asking or expecting people to move to Manila. The information given out was not done officially and we apologise to those involved. In the case of work transferring locations, the individuals do have the right to request moving with that work, and we have a duty of care to discuss the option.”
BEIJING -- While North Korea and trade are set to take center stage at President Trump's summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping this week, there's another issue waiting in the wings: Chinese retaliation over THAAD, the U.S. anti-missile system being deployed in South Korea.
This week a bi-partisan coalition of U.S. Senators sent a letter to Mr. Trump urging him press the matter with Xi.
China vehemently opposes THAAD, which can detect and shoot down incoming missiles, calling it a threat to its own national security. China's concern is that THAAD's powerful radar system can track the movement of Chinese military hardware inside China.
Trump meets with Chinese president amid North Korea tension
The U.S. and South Korea insist THAAD is only aimed at protecting against a potential North Korean attack on South Korea, where nearly 30,000 American service members are stationed. Already this year, Kim Jong-un has ordered four missile tests, including one this week.
So far, China's political efforts to halt the U.S. deployment of a THAAD system in South Korea have failed. But as South Korea's biggest trading partner, China has significant economic leverage over Seoul and Beijing appears to be using it.
China banned tour groups from visiting South Korea on March 15, leading to a 39 percent decline in Chinese tourism there last month compared to February.
A man looks at the door of a closed Lotte store in Jilin, northeast China's Jilin province on March 9, 2017. The store was closed on March 9 with announcements on the doors saying that fire safety issues needed to be rectified. Getty
South Korea's booming entertainment industry may also be a target. Korean pop, or “K-Pop,” stars have had to cancel events in China after being denied visas and popular South Korean TV dramas have been removed from the Chinese internet.
U.S. deploys defense system after North Korea missile launches
No business has been hit harder, however, than the South Korean conglomerate, Lotte. The company, which operates Walmart-style retail stores across the region, supplied the land for the THAAD installations in South Korea. Since the deployment began last month, Chinese regulators have temporarily closed 75 Lotte stores in China, citing inspection failures.
Lotte stands to lose $179 million if its China-based stores can't reopen by May, according to a South Korean government official.
China's crackdown on the retailer may have been foreshadowed by China's state-run medial; as Lotte considered giving up its land for THAAD early this year, China's Xinhua News Agency wrote: “The right decision would be for Lotte to defer or reject the deal… Lotte stands to lose Chinese customers and the Chinese market. That would be a very large slice out of their business pie.”
China's government-backed nationalist paper the Global Times, went further, arguing that the “Lotte Group's development in the Chinese market should come to an end.” It said booting the retailer from China “will be an effective warning to all the other foreign forces that jeopardize China's national interests.”
A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor arrives at Osan Air Base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, in this handout picture provided by the United States Forces Korea (USFK) and released by Yonhap on March 7, 2017. Picture taken on March 6, 2017. USFK/Yonhap via REUTERS
Even Chinese school children have reportedly joined the chorus. One video shows children, purportedly breaking into a spontaneous chant of: “Lotte leave China! Boycott Korean goods! Protest THAAD! Love China!”
While in Bejing last month, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson condemned China's actions, saying the “economic retaliation against South Korea is inappropriate and troubling.”
But China analyst and author Shaun Rein says economic retaliation is part of China's political modus operandi.
“Historically when a country does something in opposition to China, China launches hard power economically,” he told CBS News.
Past cases do reveal a pattern.
In 2010, after jailed Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo received Norway's Nobel peace prize, China cut Norwegian salmon imports (the two countries only patched things up this year).
One study found that after the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan spiritual leader who China considers a dangerous separatist, visits a country, its exports to China drop more than eight percent for the ensuing two years. The trend has been dubbed the “Dalai Lama effect.”
Rein told CBS News that China's use of economic power for political punishment is an effective tactic partly because it's so hard to prove.
“There is a lot of plausible deniability,” he said. “There probably isn't an actual law or written record when the government tells tour groups ‘don't go to Korea.' They probably do it in meetings or via phone. But it's very clear it happens again and again.”
When asked last month whether Beijing ordered the removal of Korean TV shows from Chinese websites, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang didn't outwardly deny government action. Instead, he took the opportunity, “to urge South Korea once again to cherish the hard-won outcomes of the development of China-South Korean ties. Bear in mind China's reasonable concerns and stop the deployment of THAAD.”
Anti-South Korean sentiment is so high in China that more than 10,000 police officers were reportedly deployed to last month's World Cup qualifier between the two nations.
China won the home game. South Korea's team, like its businesses in China, lost.
Adriana Diaz is CBS News' Asia Correspondent based in Beijing. You can follow her here on Twitter. CBS News producer Shuai Zhang contributed to this report.
As the Football Association pays tribute to its founding fathers this week, we take a look at football photojournalism in our collection.
This Saturday is the 150th anniversary of the Football Association, which first met on the morning of 26th October 1863 at the Freemasons' Tavern in Great Queen Street, London, and later created the first Laws of the Game.
While the history of football in England dates back to the 8th century, the Football Association's formation followed other 19th century efforts to standardise the variety of football played in public schools around the country.
Whether you're a fan of the sport or not, it's a real treat to see these mid-20th century photographs of ‘the beautiful game' taken from the Daily Herald Archive in our collection.
So here's to the sport, the business, and the passion of football…
The Science and Society Picture Library are also marking 150 years of The Football Association this week—take a look at their football-themed selection from our friends across the Science Museum Group and other UK archives.
Walgreen's stock price has declined by approximately 15% since the company announced earlier this week its plan to complete the acquisition of Europe-based Alliance Boots. Driving this sharp decrease was the board's decision to retain its US tax domicile, rather than opting for an “inverted” structure that would shift its headquarters overseas to escape high US and state corporate tax regimes. The company alos lowered guidance, contributing to the downward pressure.
In August 2012, Walgreen acquired a 45% stake for $6.7 billion in Alliance Boots, the largest European pharmacy-led drug retailer, with an aim to create a global pharmacy by expanding its operation in new markets including Europe, China, Latin America, etc. The agreement gave Walgreen an option to acquire the remaining 55% of Alliance Boots within three years time. Walgreen completed the second step of its strategic transaction with Alliance Boots ahead of the original option period, which was to be between February and August 2015. The company plans to pay around $15 billion for the reaming stake, with $5 billion in cash and the remainder in stock. Walgreen expects to close the transaction in the first quarter of calendar 2015.
Walgreen's decision to not opt for corporate tax inversion, shifting of a company's headquarters outside the U.S. to avail itself of lower tax rates, did not go down well within the investor community. The company, as we noted, also lowered its initial financial guidance for fiscal year 2016, which further added to the negative sentiment among investors. Walgreen now expects its fiscal 2016 revenue to be in the range of $126 billion to $130 billion (its initial estimate was $130 billion), and adjusted earnings per share of of $4.25 to $4.60. Earnings prior to the deduction of interest, tax and amortization expenses is expected to be “flat to a little up” through 2016. Walgreen's new $3 billion share repurchase authorization (through the end of fiscal 2016) and increased dividend (7.1% annual increase) didn't help much in lifting investor sentiment.
We believe that the market over-reacted to the news and that Walgreen stands to gain a lot from the Alliance Boots acquisition.
Our price estimate of $64 for Walgreens is now at at an approximate 10% premium to the current market price.
View our analysis for Walgreens
Tax Inversion Would Have Led To Substantial Tax Saving Over The Years But Could Have Instigated Possible Consumer & Political Backlash
With the pharmaceutical industry battling rising costs and reimbursement pressures, tax inversion is being considered by at-least a dozen U.S. companies, as reincorporating in lower-tax jurisdictions overseas is one way to significantly cut the annual tax burden. In the past decade around 47 U.S. companies have undergone inversions, according to the Congressional Research Service.
Walgreen's tax rate (as of 2013) is in excess of 36% as the company earns a significant majority of its revenue from the domestic market. Tax inversion would have helped the company cut its effective tax rate from to the high 20% range, translating into significant savings in the next few years. According to Bloomberg, shifting its headquarter overseas (Switzerland) could have saved Walgreen at least $4 billion in taxes over five years. A June Deutsche Bank report estimated that a tax inversion could save Walgreen nearly $1 billion in taxes by 2018, increasing EPS by about 15%.
However, Walgreen believes that the potential risks of the possible tax inversion could have put the company in a significantly worse position, such as a protracted controversy with the IRS and possible litigation which could go on for anywhere between three to ten years. An equally important factor behind the company's decision was the possible consumer backlash and political ramifications, including the risk its business faces from the government. Walgreen gets millions of dollars in revenue from the federal Medicare and Medicaid programs.
Alliance Boots Transaction Will Aid Walgreen's Growth
Walgreen's acquisition of Alliance Boots, subject to shareholder and various regulatory approvals, will help form the first global pharmacy-led, health and well-being enterprise. The combined entity will be named Walgreens Boots Alliance and will have four key divisions -
1. Walgreen Co. – the largest drugstore chain in the U.S.
2. Boots – the U.K. and Republic of Ireland's leading pharmacy-led health and beauty retailer.
3. Pharmaceutical Wholesale and International Retail – including Alliance Healthcare, Europe's largest pharmaceutical wholesaler.
4. Global Brands
Additionally, the holding company is establishing a cross-divisional global pharmacy market access group.
The combined entity will have more than 11,000 stores in 10 countries and unparalleled portfolio of retail and business brands, as well as increasingly global health and beauty product brands. Additionally, it will have the world's largest pharmaceutical wholesale and distribution network with more than 370 distribution centers delivering to more than 180,000 pharmacies, doctors, health centers and hospitals in 20 countries. Walgreens Boots Alliance will be the world's largest purchaser of prescription drugs and many other health and well-being products. The large scale and global operations will help the two companies address the rising cost of prescription drugs in America and worldwide.
Walgreen achieved $154 million in combined net synergies with Alliance Boots in fiscal 2013 and estimates combined synergies in the range of $300 - $400 million for fiscal 2014. It anticipates cost savings of $1 billion by the end of fiscal 2017.
See More at Trefis | View Interactive Institutional Research (Powered by Trefis) | Get Trefis Technology
Like our charts? Embed them in your own posts using the Trefis WordPress Plugin.
A big SHOUT OUT to everyone who lent their voices on behalf of dolphins on Japan Dolphins Day. Approximately 40 events were held across the world on/around September 1st, showing Japan that ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
What's happening in Taiji, Japan? – Between the months of September and March, an annual slaughter of dolphins takes places off the coast of Taiji, Japan. This year, an “official” 1940 dolphins of various species including bottlenose dolphins, striped dolphins, Risso's dolphins, Pacific white-sided dolphins, pilot whales, false killer whales, pantropical spotted dolphins, rough-toothed dolphins and melon-headed whales will be subject to harassment, injury, capture and slaughter — all in the name of greed and ignorance. Many more dolphins will be killed in the process of the hunts, their numbers never recorded. Learn more about Taiji's dolphin hunts.
Did you know – Dolphin Project is the only organization who has been on the ground at The Cove since 2003, documenting the dolphin hunts?
For Dolphin Project, every day of the dolphin hunts is Japan Dolphins Day – Our team of Cove Monitors will be there throughout the entire hunting season, broadcasting live from the cove, blogging and disseminating information for the world to see. Your support has never been more crucial and is greatly appreciated.
Curious about Dolphin Project's Cove Monitor Program? – Click here to learn more about our program, and submit your application.
Watch a clip from #JDD2017 London, where Ric O'Barry and other activists lent their voices for dolphins:
Featured image: #JDD London
Tucked away in growing Frisco, Texas is a national treasure waiting to be explored.
News 8 took you to the National Videogame Museum for a preview before they opened their doors officially, April 2 but since the opening, NVM co-founder John Hardie says their plans for the space are growing.
NVM features more than 100,000 videogame consoles, games and artifacts from both past and present.
Hardie and his team have been collecting all the items you'll see in the space since the 80's and they couldn't be more proud of their treasures.
"Frisco is the perfect fit, with a lot of new tech businesses coming to the area, this is the perfect place to be," he said.
Hardie says his team didn't want this space to be like your average museum.
"The first thing we all agreed on is that we don't like museums," Hardie said. "We wanted to turn that whole concept on its head."
Throughout the 10,000 square-foot space you'll see a little over 20 installations with something for the entire family-- gamer or not."It was important to us to have videogames available at every exhibit so that no matter where you go there's something to play," says Hardie.
DYKD: National Videogame Museum
Hardie says it's easy to get the kids and dads in the door but they want the moms to appreciate their time at the museum as well. That's why you'll see historical rooms and scenes throughout the space to create a relatable experience.
Admission is $12 for adults and $10 for children. For directions and hours visit the NVM website.
Sticking with the videogame theme...there's even a coffee shop/restaurant/bar right across the street dedicated to the videogame culture.
Nerdvana food + spirits' website dubs them as "an unpretentious upscale restaurant and bar focused on contemporary American dining, craft beer, and video game culture."
Did you know, Dallas is a series that explores hidden gems in the Dallas Fort Worth metroplex. Know a cool place that needs to be featured? Email me! aebrahimji@wfaa.com
Copyright 2016 WFAA
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigel Farage said that it was more important to focus on the European elections
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said he will not stand in the forthcoming Newark by-election.
The contest has been brought about by Tuesday's resignation from Parliament of former Tory MP Patrick Mercer over a cash-for-questions scandal.
Mr Farage said he did not want to look like an "opportunist" by entering the contest, as he did not "have any links with the East Midlands".
He added that he wanted to focus on UKIP's European elections campaign.
Although the Conservatives have a majority of 16,000 in Newark, UKIP is currently doing well in opinion polls.
But John Curtice, professor of politics at the University of Strathclyde, said UKIP would be "trying to succeed on the back of no particular local support at all".
'Courage'
Mr Farage told BBC One's Breakfast: "I haven't had long to think about it but I have thought about it, and we're just over three weeks away from a European election at which I think UKIP could cause an earthquake in British politics, from which we can go on and win not just one parliamentary seat but quite a lot of parliamentary seats.
"For that reason I don't want to do anything that deflects from the European election campaign, so I'm not going to stand in this by-election.
Image caption Patrick Mercer announced last year he would not contest the next general election
"I want to focus the next three weeks on winning the European elections and also I don't have any links with the East Midlands. I would just look like an opportunist, and I don't think that would work."
Asked whether he had decided not to run for fear of losing, Mr Farage replied: "I have shown some courage over the years…
"It's about choosing the right battles. It's about prioritising and I know that if I were to have said yes to standing in Newark the next three weeks would be dominated by am I going to win, am I not going to win, and we wouldn't be talking about open-door immigration, EU membership and that most of our laws being made somewhere else."
'Not an idiot'
Mr Farage referred to the former leader of the Monster Raving Loony Party, once a fixture at such contests, saying: "I'm not Screaming Lord Sutch. I don't stand in every by-election."
Ken Clarke, seen as the most Europhile of the Conservative members of the cabinet, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that Mr Farage had been right to decide not to run, saying: "I am not really surprised. Whatever else Nigel is, he is not an idiot, and I don't think he'd have the faintest chance of winning in Newark."
He accused UKIP, which advocates leaving the European Union, of "peddling a total nonsense that our economic problems have been caused by immigration".
Image copyright The Conservative Party Image caption Robert Jenrick, pictured with his wife Michelle, has been selected to contest Newark for the Conservatives
Mr Clarke, who is a Nottinghamshire MP, said: "I don't think the residents of Newark, some of whom I know because I used to represent some of the villages there, they're not going to vote for a card, larking about, trying to get protest votes."
For the Liberal Democrats, Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander said: "Nigel Farage is clearly frightened to put himself forward to try and actually get a seat in the UK Parliament.
"He's very happily heckling from the sidelines doing his thing in the European Parliament ,and I think many people will look at this and say it's not really that impressive."
Mr Mercer, who has represented the Nottinghamshire constituency since 2001, is due to be suspended from the Commons for six months for allegedly asking questions in Parliament in return for money.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Secret filming shows Patrick Mercer signing a contract with the fake lobbying company set up by BBC Panorama
He was filmed by undercover reporters from the BBC's Panorama last year apparently agreeing to set up a parliamentary group to push for Fiji to return to the Commonwealth.
The MP had already said he would not contest the general election next year, having served as an independent since May 2013.
'Heaviness of heart'
In a short statement, the former soldier said he would not contest the findings of a report into his conduct, to be published on Thursday, which will call for him to be barred from Parliament for six months.
He said he was resigning with "a great heaviness of heart" for the sake of his family, adding: "I am an ex-soldier, I believe that when you have got something wrong, you have got to 'fess up and get on with it."
The MP, a prominent critic of David Cameron, who sacked him as a shadow minister in 2007, said he hoped his successor would be a Conservative.
The party has selected Robert Jenrick to contest Newark. Labour - which held the seat between 1997 and 2001 - has chosen Michael Payne as its candidate. The Liberal Democrats have yet to make a selection.
At the 2010 general election, Mr Mercer won 27,590 votes. Labour came second with 11,438 votes, the Lib Dems third with 10,246 and UKIP fourth with 1,954.
Meanwhile, an ITV/ComRes poll suggests that, of people who insist they will definitely vote in the European elections, 38% say they will back UKIP.
The survey puts Labour in second place on 27%, the Conservatives third on 18% and the Lib Dems fourth on 8%.
ComRes interviewed 2,052 British adults between 25 and 27 April.
In the period following the Reformation, the Protestant residents of the town of Augsburg in Germany became obsessed with the study of prophecies and signs of the apocalypse from their time and from bygone ages. Together, the people of this town created the "Augsburg Book of Miraculous Signs" and it is believed that this mid-sixteenth century collection is the most comprehensive and detailed of its kind. But what drew this community into this obsessive study of the signs of the apocalypse.
Much of the "Augsburg Book of Miraculous Signs" makes for grim reading. Catastrophes from the recent past and drawn from the writings of both the Old and New Testament are starkly laid out and illustrated in unflinching detail. Given the town dwellers preoccupation with the notion of the apocalypse, one might assume that they believed that the end of times was close at hand. Given the history of this period, it seems that this is fair presumption.
The Reformation was a tumultuous and extremely violent period in European history and both the Catholic Church and the newly formed and diverse Protestant churches believed that they had come to a reckoning point in the history of humanity. Protestants believed that the Catholic Church was the ‘whore of Babylon' which is spoken of in the Book of Revelation as the ‘mother of harlots and abominations of the Earth'. Seated at the head of the Catholic Church was the Pope, whom many Protestants believed to be the incarnation of the anti-Christ himself. They feared the grip that the institution of the Catholic Church had over the lives of human beings was enough to incite the wrath of God who would punish faithless humanity with the apocalypse. Therefore it probably seemed very important for the people of Augsburg to look for imminent signs of the end of days and the final judgement.
Academics who have studied the "Augsburg Book of Miraculous Signs" have said that it is perhaps the case that the interest of at least one of the townspeople went much deeper than pure fear of the coming apocalypse. The book includes twenty six detailed descriptions of comets passing by the Earth. These comet stories are in-depth descriptions that indicate that the author had a surprisingly modern understanding of the workings of the cosmos. For some people, this indicates that the people of Augsburg were interested in science in a manner which transcended their spirituality. However, in this pre-Enlightenment age, it is perhaps more likely that the people thought of the workings of the cosmos and their religious faith as inextricably intertwined with one another.
The "Augsburg Book of Miraculous Signs" is certainly an interesting historical curiosity, but does it have anything to offer people living in 2017 beyond that? According to a Mr Borchert, who has studied the manuscript it can perhaps offer modern people an important message – the line between civilisation and absolute collapse is very slim, he said. "At this point all it would take is a global disruption of electricity for about a month and we'd all be back in caves, ” he warned.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement
Iran says it has successfully launched a rocket capable of carrying its first domestically built satellite.
Officials said only the rocket had been fired, correcting state media reports that the communications satellite itself had been sent into orbit.
The White House voiced concern, saying the technology could also be used for launching weapons.
Tehran has pursued a space programme for years, despite international concern over its nuclear plans.
In February it sent a probe into space as part of preparations for the launch of the satellite.
Long-held ambition
Footage aired on Irinn (Islamic Republic of Iran News Network) showed the launch of the Safir rocket in darkness.
The presenter said that the satellite launch was a trial which was successful. State and military officials confirmed the launch had taken place.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was at the event, said one report.
In October 2005 a Russian-made Iranian satellite named Sina-1 was put into orbit by a Russian rocket.
Sunday's launch comes amid a long-running dispute over Iran's nuclear activities.
White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said: "The Iranian development and testing of rockets is troubling and raises further questions about their intentions.
"This action and dual use possibilities for their ballistic missile programme are inconsistent with their UN Security Council obligations."
The US and some European countries have demanded that Iran curtail uranium enrichment - but Iran protests that its purposes are peaceful and says it has a right to continue.
For the first time since the start of training camp, and actually well before that, the Miami Heat's starting lineup is whole.
After being sidelined since pre-camp workouts by a strained calf, center Hassan Whiteside was back running with his teammates Thursday on the practice court at AmericanAirlines Arena and later during the team's annual open intrasquad scrimmage.
"It was a good feeling just being out there with the guys, just really getting to play with the guys and really get through the schemes," Whiteside said. "I'm really excited I got to practice."
For the Heat, success going forward has been predicated on a starting lineup of Whiteside at center, Chris Bosh and Luol Deng at forward, and Dwyane Wade and Goran Dragic at guard. Those five started as a unit during the evening scrimmage, with Whiteside active from the outset of the intrasquad event.
The goal had been to move forward with that lineup midway through last season, but on the very same day that Dragic was acquired in a late-February trade with the Phoenix Suns, Bosh was lost for the season with blood clots on his lung.
Hector Gabino / hgabino@elnuevoherald.com Hassan Whiteside goes to the basket against Amar'e Stoudemire defense during a Miami Heat's intrasquad scrimmage game, a tribute to Breast Cancer Awareness Month, on Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Hassan Whiteside goes to the basket against Amar'e Stoudemire defense during a Miami Heat's intrasquad scrimmage game, a tribute to Breast Cancer Awareness Month, on Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena. (Hector Gabino / hgabino@elnuevoherald.com) (Hector Gabino / hgabino@elnuevoherald.com)
Then, just four days before last month's start of training camp, Whiteside was injured while preparing for the preseason. He not only wound up missing all camp at Florida Atlantic University, but also the first four games of the Heat's eight-game exhibition schedule.
And then came Thursday. And, finally, a definitive look at this season's possibilities.
"His ability last year when we weren't a good team was impeccable," Wade said of Whiteside's breakout over the second half of the schedule with his rebounding, shot-blocking and scoring. "And to have him when you have a pretty good team, it can be that much more special.
Dwyane Wade says having Hassan Whiteside back on the floor finally allows the Heat to move forward. Dwyane Wade says having Hassan Whiteside back on the floor finally allows the Heat to move forward. SEE MORE VIDEOS
"I'm more so than anything happy for him. He's getting an opportunity to continue to live his dream out and be on a team that's good and be able to showcase his talent to the world, but happy for our team that our anchor is back on the floor."
While coach Erik Spoelstra cautioned that the Heat would be prudent with the return, Whiteside said he no longer is at risk for exacerbating his injury.
"I'm still not 100 percent, because there's still some tightening and it's still tight," he said. "But I'm cleared to play. I can't injure myself, so that's what's most important."
Spoelstra said Whiteside should be able to make quick gains, having been a regular on the practice court throughout the offseason.
"It definitely helps that he was here," Spoelstra said of Whiteside's offseason sessions. "And then it helps that he played for us last year, that he was always in the pre-practice group. They drilled a crazy amount of reps last year. He got great game experience and he was here all summer."
Bosh said there was an air of comfort with Whiteside back.
"It's good to start crawling before you walk, just getting him back out there running the sets," he said. "You always have to kind of start simple. We understand that the game is moving a lot faster and he's going to have to play catch-up right now. But he knew the sets. I know he's been working early with the coaches."
At 1-3 in a preseason that resumes with road exhibitions Saturday against the Houston Rockets and Sunday against the Atlanta Hawks, the Heat essentially get to re-set their course. In all, four preseason games remain for the Heat.
"I mean it's huge," Dragic said. "He's one of the main guys. He's going to be our anchor in the paint."
As for the overall roster, there remains a cautious approach with forward Josh McRoberts, who not only was held out of the past two exhibitions, but also Thursday's practice. He was sidelined for the season last December due to knee surgery.
Forward Amar'e Stoudemire and guard Mario Chalmers, who also missed the past two exhibitions due to knee soreness, returned to practice Thursday and later participated in the scrimmage. Forward Udonis Haslem and center Chris Andersen, however, were ill and not at the scrimmage.
winderman@tribpub.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
Story highlights After years of trying Ashley and Tyson Gardner got pregnant through first IVF attempt
Only thing more surprising was learning they're having quadruplets
Picture of her learning she's having quads draws more than 15,000 Facebook likes
They just found out the gender last week
Ashley and Tyson Gardner tried unsuccessfully for years to get pregnant.
Finally, the Utah couple learned in July that their first in-vitro fertilization attempt was successful. But the real surprise came during the ultrasound, when they learned she was pregnant with quadruplets.
Luckily, a friend was in the room to capture the look on Gardner's face in a picture that is delighting parents, moms-to-be and just about anyone else who has a heart. A BabyCenter article on the picture was shared 2,600 times from its Facebook page , drawing nearly 15,000 likes. In the past week, the Gardners' Facebook page , where they share news about their pregnancy, grew by nearly 16,000 likes to 24,300.
Ashley Gardner shared some thoughts via email with CNN about her experience with infertility and becoming an internet sensation.
CNN: What other methods did you try before IVF?
Ashley Gardner: We tried EVERYTHING under the sun. We tried for 8 long years (taking a few months of here and there to keep our sanity!) our efforts included, diet, a surgery on my end (laparoscopy), medications then onto 4 fails IUI's and then we saved up for IVF and BAM! It worked really really well!
CNN: What made you decide to start sharing your journey on Facebook?
Gardner: So about a year and a half ago I decided to open up about our infertility struggles. It was getting hard getting asked ALL THE TIME why I didn't have children yet. I was sick of making excuses for something that was out of my control and emotionally affecting me so much. I opened up and couldn't believe the outpouring support I started getting from EVERYONE! Even people I didn't know. It was an amazing feeling to not be hiding this awful disease of infertility anymore and openly talking about it! I found that so many others were going through the same thing! And I've since been able to help so many others struggling and feeling so alone during this heartbreaking journey.
As for our Facebook page , my awesome sister Whitney set that up for me when we announced that we were having quads. We just announced on our private pages to our friends and family and the picture was so priceless that everyone started sharing it and we started getting hundreds of friend requests from people we didn't know. So we did the Facebook page so that everyone can follow our story and we can still keep our personal Facebook pages for ourselves.
CNN: Do you remember what was going through your mind when you found out you had quads?
Gardner: "OH MY GOSH!!!!!!!" I couldn't think straight! I had never been so excited and terrified in the same instant. We waited so long to have babies so we were so happy... But at that time we literally had NEVER even thought once about this being a possibility. We didn't know anything about having quads and the risks that go with it. But overall, we were just excited!!!! My husband is the oldest of 10 children so he is ready to take on anything! He can calm any baby and entertain any kid. They love him. He is the favorite uncle to all our nieces and nephews. We are ready! Our doctors say that everything is in our favor for this going great. Doesn't mean it won't be hard. But we can handle it!
CNN: Dumb question: Were you surprised?
Gardner: YES!!!! After eight long, heartbreaking years of infertility and every month passing by with a negative pregnancy test you do get discouraged! You hold on to as much hope as you can and sometimes you lose it. But you dust yourself off get up and try again!
My endometriosis (cause of our infertility) was so bad that we found during the IVF process that it had compromised my eggs. Out of all the eggs they got they all started dying off and left us with 1 perfect egg and one good egg. They put both back to give me the best odds of one sticking so we would at least get one baby out of this since I didn't have any eggs to freeze and this was probably our last shot at this. The chances of even getting one to stick was 40%. To have both stick and both split... well, that's a 1 in 70 million chance!
It was meant to be!
CNN: Do you have any idea how the photos got picked up and started going "viral"?
Gardner: Only thing I can think of is what I stated above. People loved the announcement picture so much they shared it and it just kept going.
An unusual business arrangement with the state's biggest Republican mega-donor has already put one influential Louisianian under fire. Before it's over, the scandal could ensnare others, including state Rep. Cameron Henry, chairman of Louisiana's powerful House Appropriations Committee.
The Advocate's Gordon Russell has reported extensively on the ongoing investigations into a tangled network of prominent politicians and the owner of a marine transportation company. During the past four months, The Bayou Brief has uncovered new information that raises additional questions about a story already proving to be a major political scandal.
Just this past week, Craig Taffaro, former chief deputy of the Jefferson Parish Sheriff Department and father-in-law of Louisiana Lt. Gov. Billy Nungesser, was indicted for tax evasion after allegedly failing to pay taxes on income he received from an off-shore supply company that he co-owns with his former boss, Sheriff Newell Normand (who announced his retirement yesterday).
Their company, CTNN Enterprises, has earned each man tens of thousands of dollars a year since it was created in 2007, according to financial disclosure documents filed by Normand, who has not been charged with any crime and has vehemently denied any accusations of wrongdoing.
Taffaro's attorney, Mike Magner, vigorously defends his client in a statement to the media, claiming that the government took “a small civil tax dispute and turn(ed) it into a federal criminal tax prosecution for reasons known only to them. He is innocent of these charges, and we fully expect he will be vindicated at trial.”
This defense aside, some may describe CTNN's business model as bizarre. Others might call it a sweetheart deal.
CTNN earns a commission for goods purchased by Harvey Gulf, the billion dollar marine transportation company owned by Republican mega-donor Shane Guidry.
However, CTNN doesn't actually supply the products. Another company, Pelican Marine, handles that. According to The Advocate, Nungesser was the primary owner of Pelican Marine, before he placed his assets into a blind trust whereupon he assigned his father-in-law, Taffaro, to manage it. In April, the FBI revived an unrelated investigation into Nungesser's tenure as President of Plaquemines Parish, according to two sources who spoke to Jim Mustian of The Advocate. Nungesser claims he has done nothing wrong and characterizes the probe as a politically-motivated “witch hunt.”
It's unclear why Guidry's company, Harvey Gulf, pays a commission to a local sheriff and his former top deputy for goods that are apparently supplied by someone else.
During the last three years, Shane Guidry has become Louisiana's most generous campaign contributor. In addition to serving as the CEO of Harvey Gulf, Guidry is also the special assistant to Attorney General Jeff Landry, where he collects a $12,000 annual salary and oversees the department's criminal investigations unit. Landry was once Guidry's personal lawyer.
“Yeah, I did, I did represent him,” Landry told WWL. “But I can promise you it's not a quid pro quo in any manner. I'm not paying him what I charged him, that's for sure.”
Notably, however, Shane Guidry is the Attorney General's largest donor, having contributed more than $120,000 to a pro-Landry political action committee and raising tens of thousands more for his campaign.
Landry isn't the only politician whose campaign and PAC have benefited from Guidry's largesse.
On a single day in January 2017, he donated nearly $250,000 to Congressman Steve Scalise: $244,200 to the Scalise Leadership Fund, a joint fundraising committee (JFC), and $5,400 to Scalise's campaign.
“JFCs have become quite popular as a means of operating political organizations. For example, Nancy Pelosi operates a similar committee called ‘Nancy Pelosi Victory Fund,'” Tyler Daniel, Political Director for Steve Scalise, stated in an e-mail to The Bayou Brief. “Minority Whip Hoyer also operates ‘Hoyer's Majority Fund,' which is a JFC that benefits his principal campaign committee.”
“You know, anybody can stroke a check … to make a donation,” Guidry told WWL earlier this year. “But it's guys like me who step out there and donate our time, which is basically what I'm doing.”
Sheriff Normand claims his agreement with Guidry is all above board, but he is not the only elected official in Jefferson Parish who has an unusual business arrangement with Guidry.
On Aug. 11, 2016, Russell wrote a fascinating story about Henry Industrial Supply LLC, which is owned and operated by Rep. Henry and, he claims, his college friend Ron Patron, Jr. (though The Bayou Brief discovered an amendment Henry filed with the Ethics Administration only four days before The Advocate‘s story was published that seems to suggest Henry is the sole owner). Russell's story was largely ignored, as the next day, Aug. 12, Baton Rouge began to experience the worst flooding in its history.
Just like CTNN, Henry Industrial Supply earns a commission for supplies purchased by Harvey Gulf, and also like CTNN, Henry Industrial Supply is not actually a supplier, according to The Advocate. It's more like a middleman. It doesn't own a warehouse, and Henry claims it doesn't make much money either.
Henry Industrial Supply has a website, and there, the state representative sells ladders, gloves, coveralls, and oil absorbents, among other things. It appears as if he scanned in pages from another company's catalogue. None of the products list a sales price, and here's what happens when you click on the “order form.”
It's blank.
Cameron Henry told The Advocate that his company had four clients, including Shane Guidry. Who are they? How could they possibly know to purchase anything from him? More to the point: Is Henry Industrial LLC a sham, a way in which conservative mega-donors can supplement his income, or is it a legitimate business?
According to the Louisiana Secretary of State, Henry Industrial Supply is headquartered out of Henry's home, but the company isn't actually registered to Henry or Patron. It's registered to JCOM LLC, Henry's personal holding company, and a company called Brondo LLC.
Brondo LLC lists Henry's home in Metairie as its address, but Brondo LLC isn't registered to do business in Louisiana. In fact, it hasn't filed a single document with the Louisiana Secretary of State. However, The Bayou Brief discovered a Brondo LLC that formed the same year in Delaware, registered to a company that specializes in registering companies.
Brondo LLC, JCOM LLC, and Henry Industrial Supply are not the only three companies apparently operating from the state representative's personal home; there are also ALLKIDS LLC and ThinkNOLA LLC (which is owned 51% by Henry's wife and 49% by him). All five of these companies are not in good standing; ALLKIDS was apparently dissolved, records from the secretary of state show. The only organization currently in good standing that is headquartered at Henry's home is his political action committee.
Despite all of the companies that are operating out of his home, in 2015, his last financial disclosure, he only claimed the $28,700+ salary he made as a legislator as money earned from a business (though he did claim some income from interest and rent).
“Henry's primary job is as a project manager for a consulting firm that he and his wife own called Think Nola, which according to Henry's financial disclosure works to market the Federal City project in Algiers,” Gordon Russell reported last August.
The Federal City project in Algiers claims to be “one of the largest redevelopment investments by the State of Louisiana.”
Federal City markets itself as a “public private partnership,” though it is actually owned by the Algiers Development District, a political subdivision of the State of Louisiana, and is entirely funded through “State resources, bond revenues, and tax increment financing (TIF) for property taxes authorized by the City of New Orleans.” The project is “overseen” by something they call the “Joint Development Committee,” which isn't actually a legal entity; it's just an agreement between the Algiers Development District and the non-profit organization New Orleans Federal Alliance and perhaps a convenient and creative way to bypass certain state laws.
Why does that matter? Because the Louisiana Code of Government Ethics prohibits elected officials from (emphasis mine):
A. Receipt of a thing of economic value from a source other than the governmental entity for the performance of official duties and responsibilities.
B. Receipt of a thing of economic value for the performance of a service substantially related to public duties or which draws on non-public information.
C. Receipt of a thing of economic value by a public servant for services rendered to or for the following:
(1) persons who have or are seeking to obtain a contractual or other business or financial relationship with the public servant's agency;
(2) persons who are regulated by the public employee's agency; or
(3) persons who have substantial economic interests which may be substantially affected by the performance or nonperformance of the public employee's official duties
The Algiers Development District is a political subdivision of the state, and Cameron Henry, as a state representative and chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, is in a uniquely powerful position to both regulate it and determine its funding. Who is paying Henry and his wife to market a development project being undertaken by a political subdivision of the state? The three most recent 990 reports from the New Orleans Federal Alliance reveal no payments to Henry, his wife, or his company. (It is also worth noting that three of Algiers Development District's board members are elected officials, which is permissible because, unlike Henry, they receive nothing of economic value from their work. It's a volunteer gig).
Either way, it's impossible, thus far, to determine who is paying State Rep. Henry to market Federal City. Neither his name, his wife's name, or his company's name appear on both the audits of the Algiers Development District or the 990 reports of the New Orleans Federal Alliance.
By the way, ThinkNOLA also has a website, and if you go to their about page to find out more, here's what you'll encounter:
Astonishingly, Henry hasn't reported any income from ThinkNOLA, his primary job, since 2012. He's listed the company on his disclosure documents since 2009, and from 2010-2012, he claimed to have made at least $100,000 a year in income (the category he checked states “more than $100,000”) in aggregate between ThinkNOLA and his wife's law firm.
In recent years, he has reported no income from his wife's law firm, and it is important to note that Henry is not a lawyer and never attended law school.
He claims he made nothing from Henry Industrial, which he founded three years ago, in his 2015 financial disclosure documents. Henry has already filed for an extension for last year‘s personal finance disclosure.
Last month, as lawmakers scrambled in the waning hours of the regular session to pass a budget, Henry lashed out at his Democratic colleagues. “That's more of a shell game,” he said to WWL. “I'm actually here to do real business, real work with real numbers.”
When the chairman of the Appropriations Committee engages in brinkmanship over the state's budget and talks about a “shell game” and “real business:,” it's worth asking: What does Cameron Henry do for a living, aside from the few weeks per year that he spends in Baton Rouge?
But more importantly, who pays him to do it? And how much? As a high profile public figure with an enormous amount of control over the state budget, projects, and influence in state government, Cameron Henry is held to a higher standard on transparency and accountability than any regular businessman. He is required, by law, to disclose the sources of his income and to provide the ranges of how much he is making from those sources so the public can have the confidence that he does not have any conflicts of interest that may be affecting his decisions at the state Capitol.
However, Cameron Henry has created a web of deception through a multilayered corporate corn-maze intended to make it nearly impossible for anyone to know ‘what' he does, ‘who' he does it for, or ‘how much' he gets paid to do it.
And therein lies the problem.
Three days ago, The Bayou Brief reached out to Rep. Henry and Shane Guidry, through his company, via e-mail.
At the time of publication, neither had responded for comment.
BANGKOK - In the constant struggle to keep the media pack happy, politicians will try a whole host of tactics from charm and charisma to cajoling and cowing.
Just a friendly gesture, say the general's spokesmen.
Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha has opted for something a little more unorthodox -- patting a kneeling reporter's head and scratching behind his ear.
A video of the bizarre encounter, posted on Facebook by Bangkok Post military affairs reporter Wassana Nanuam, has gone viral in the kingdom and abroad.
But authorities say the move was nothing more than a friendly gesture.
Deputy government spokesman Sansern Kaewkamnerd said the premier "had no bad intentions and was only being playful with a member of the media".
"It's normal," junta spokesman Colonel Werachon Sukondhapatipak told AFP. "It's a very friendly gesture, a way of showing personal affection."
One version of the video posted on Facebook has racked up more than 19,000 views while another YouTube clip has garnered more than 46,000 hits.
In the clip Gen Prayut is seen addressing a gaggle of reporters during a recent visit to the northeastern province of Khon Kaen.
Asked whether he was afraid of protests against his junta, Prayut joked: "I am confident that when I am with reporters I am safe. No one can hurt me, right?"
As he spoke he patted a male journalist on the head and then scratched the back of his ear. The reporter was kneeling on the floor to give other camera crews a clear shot.
Reactions ranged from amusement to surprise.
"It's like patting a pet dog in an affectionate way. That was cute for the leader to show mercy to innocent pets," joked one commentator on YouTube.
"Returning happiness to journalists," added another, in a nod to the junta's promise that their May coup will "return happiness to Thailand".
"Both of them were happy but foreign media are confused."
If the media pack surrounding Gen Prayut were uncomfortable with his gesture, they certainly didn't show it, smiling and laughing alongside him. The face of the reporter who was the object of Prayut's attention, however, cannot be seen.
In Thai culture, the head is a sacred space and touching a stranger there would be considered rude.
"If people are not familiar with each other, they will not touch someone's head. But if they are, it is a show of affection -- something parents or adults might do to give a blessing," Dr. Jitra Dudsdeemaytha, a lecturer in psychology at Bangkok's Srinakharinwirot University, told AFP.
"In the context (of the video) the prime minister was trying to show his affection."
Gen Prayut has had a testy relationship with the media and a reputation for unpredictability when making off-the-cuff remarks.
Earlier this month he threatened to tighten controls on the press unless they stopped "presenting news" about former premier Thaksin Shinawatra, after photographs of the billionaire cuddling a panda went viral.
Nick Boles, a Conservative minister appointed in the September reshuffle, wants to increase the amount of land built on in England by a third.
He insists that he wants to ensure the countryside is not filled with unattractive modern housing by “lazy” builders.
He says that, rather than fight all development, people have to recognise that some buildings could be more beautiful than nature itself. But his comments come as much of England and Wales has been hit by flooding, which in some parts has been made worse by planners allowing development on natural flood plains which are meant to fill with water.
In an interview with BBC Two's Newsnight tonight, Mr Boles says nine per cent of England has been built on so far – and this should be increased to 12 per cent to meet demand.
This would mean the amount of land paved over would increase from 4,531 sq m to more than 6,000 sq m. The 1,510 sq m increase is more than twice the 607 sq m area covered by Greater London.
Building more on greenfield sites is possible because planning reforms announced in March only offered explicit protection for green belt land around towns and cities.
Mr Boles says: “We're going to protect the green belt – but if people want to have housing for their kids they have got to accept we need to build more on some open land.
“In the UK and England at the moment we've got about nine per cent of land developed. All we need to do is build on another two to three per cent of land and we'll have solved a housing problem.”
He tells the programme that he does not want “lazy” builders to fill the countryside with “pig ugly” houses. He says: “Land is expensive but to some extent [developers] are just lazy. They didn't talk to local people or get involved enough.”
A report last year from the Institute of Public Policy Research think tank warned of a housing supply “black hole” by 2025 when England will face a shortfall of 750,000 homes.
Figures from market analysts Glenigan show that in 2011 only 115,000 homes were given planning permission in England, compared with 212,000 at the height of the housing boom in 2007.
Mr Boles suggests that people who oppose more development are being selfish for denying adequate space for their children and grandchildren.
“It's my job to make the arguments to these people [those who oppose development] that if they carry on writing letters their kids are never going to get a place with a garden to bring up their grandkids.
“The built environment can be more beautiful than nature and we shouldn't obsess about the fact that the only landscapes that are beautiful are open — sometimes buildings are better.”
Mr Boles adds: “I think everyone has the right to live somewhere that is not just affordable but that is beautiful and has some green space nearby.” He calls this “a basic moral right, like health care and education”.
He risks offending millions of people living in England's suburbs by again using the phrase “pig ugly” to describe many new estates in a speech tomorrow, singling out an estate in Purfleet, Essex, as a particular example.
He will tell the Town and Country Planning Association: “People look at the new housing estates that have been bolted on to their towns and villages in recent decades and observe that few of them are beautiful. Indeed, not to put too fine a point on it, many of them are pig ugly.”
Countryside campaigners have been on high alert about Mr Boles's intentions since he was appointed. In September, in his first Commons appearance as planning minister, he said green belt land was only safe from development “for now”.
In January he described countryside campaigners as “hysterical, scaremongering latter-day Luddites”.
There are concerns he wants to rip up the delicate consensus around planning after national policy was set in March.
The Daily Telegraph led a Hands Off Our Land campaign before the policy was set, urging the Government not to weaken protections for greenfield and green belt land.
Scientists are doing the public a disservice in their attempts to communicate certainty in climate change science, often giving a “false sense of debate” by being overly precise, says broadcaster and physicist Professor Brian Cox.
Climate scientists are 95% certain that humans are the main cause of the current global warming the world is experiencing. But Cox said this level of accuracy had been manipulated by “nonsensical”, politically-motivated climate sceptics.
“I think we do a disservice to the public. If you look down the [camera] lens and see your head of department or your PhD supervisor, whoever it might be, then you'll start being scientifically precise and you'll mislead the public. Because you'll give them a false sense of debate,” he told an audience at a fundraiser for the Society of Biology.
He said scientists could say with total confidence that climate science was uncontroversial and the current predictions for warming were the best advice available.
“The scientific view at the time is the best, there's nothing you can do that's better than that. So there's an absolutism. It's absolutely the best advice,” he said.
Cox, a physicist who works on the Large Hadron Collider where the Higgs boson was discovered, said that 95% certainty in science is effectively total.
“We had it with the Large Hadron Collider and people were saying: “Is it going to destroy the world?” Well of course it bloody isn't. But [in scientific terms] we're putting a confidence level on that statement … at the 95% confidence level, but you don't want to go there,” he said.
“What I think about climate change actually is it's obviously true and clearly true to all of us who look at the debate that goes on.”
Cox told the Guardian that climate sceptics had exploited the misconception that there was doubt about climate change in order to push a political agenda. “It can be a way in for people who have an agenda that's not scientific.
“You're allowed to say, well I think we should do nothing. That's a policy choice. But what you're not allowed to do is to claim there's a better estimate of the way that the climate will change, other than the one that comes out of the computer models. It's nonsensical to say ‘we know better', you can't know better.”
He said the strategy of challenging the science of climate change was dangerous because it promoted the idea that science was political and up for debate. This weakens the position of science as a reliable basis for deciding how to respond to the world, he said.
“I always regret it when knowledge becomes controversial. It's clearly a bad thing, for knowledge to be controversial. We can trace back through history the times when knowledge was considered to be controversial. And that's what we are actually saying when we talk about climate change. We're saying that there's something inherently problematic with knowledge.
“Don't undermine the science just because you don't like the economics. That's a dangerous slope, because the problem of course is you're not undermining just that, you're undermining the basis of rational decision-making in society.”
After allegedly mowing down a teacher while driving drunk, nothing (ahem) screams “class” more than taking to Facebook to declare your innocence — and tell the “haters” to “suck a dick and choke on it.”
That's what an Upstate woman did over the weekend after allegedly killing a high school biology teacher near Rochester while driving drunk…at 7:45 a.m.
Just to re-emphasize the class factor, we'll repeat: police say 23-year-old Megan Merkel was driving drunk at 7:45 A.M. before running over a teacher and then telling the world to “suck a dick and choke on it.”
(See Merkel's idiotic Facebook rant below)
According to various reports from Upstate media outlets, Merkel was driving northbound on Route 250 in Penfield, a suburb of Rochester, alongside her recently paroled boyfriend, 22-year-old Mark Scerbo, who was driving his motorcycle next Merkel's car.
Police say Scerbo — who served time as a guest of the state for DWI — was repeatedly passing Merkel's car to do wheelies on his bike as the two barreled down the road.
Also on Route 250 Sunday morning was 40-year-old teacher Heather Boyum — a mother of two children — who was riding her bike on the shoulder of the road.
As Scerbo again passed Merkel to do yet another wheelie, he hit Boyum, throwing her from her bike. Then Merkel ran her over — before fleeing the scene.
Scerbo was taken to a local hospital, where he's getting treated for “serious injuries.” Boyum was taken to the same hospital, where she was pronounced dead.
Merkel was arrested shortly after leaving the scene of the wreck. She was booked into jail on charges of DWI and released — which is when she invited those upset that her stupidity led to the death of an innocent mother of two to “suck a dick and choke on it.”
Class, class, class. Megan Merkel's Facbeook page
Merkel, as we mentioned, only has been charged with DWI. Authorities, however, say additional charges could be filed.
ROME — A top Italian official denied reports on Friday that a ransom of 12 million euros, or about $14 million, had been paid to secure the freedom of two young aid workers taken hostage in Syria last summer.
The official, Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni, dismissed the reports as “conjecture.”
“We are against the payment of ransoms,” Mr. Gentiloni said in a report to Parliament on Friday. “As far as ransoms are concerned, I want to stress that, in terms of hostage taking, Italy follows international rules and behaviors.”
The aid workers, Greta Ramelli, 20, and Vanessa Marzullo, 21, are believed to have been seized in July or August by the Nusra Front, an affiliate of Al Qaeda. They were among a number of Westerners in Syria who have been abducted by the Nusra Front and the Islamic State militant group. The Islamic State has beheaded at least five Western captives, including three Americans.
On national television, the two young women's relatives expressed their gratitude for Italy's government and the foreign minister for their help in their liberation. No details on their kidnapping, or the negotiations that led to their release, were made public, and the families said they know little of the details of their captivity.
Aaron, her boyfriend and the man who figures so much in her story, was in the driver's seat. She dedicates her book to him, crediting him with a crucial role in helping her love and accept herself.
Although an understanding of the issues faced by trans youth is growing, medical transition procedures for teens are hard to access, and the appropriate age to begin treatment is controversial among medical professionals. Mock calls that "medical gatekeeping on trans people's lives." She writes about self-medicating with hormone pills at 15 before deciding to seek a doctor's guidance.
Beginning hormone treatments as a teen, she explains, allows a trans person to experience one process of puberty, rather than having to have a second later in life.
"It's a decision that shouldn't be governed — it should be made between a young person, their doctor and their parents."
Trans women and men enjoy greater rights in Canada compared to those in many parts of the world, but there is a long way to go. A Statistics Canada study found that 20 per cent of trans people in Ontario had been physically or sexually assaulted because of their identity. The same study found that they have disproportionately lower incomes; half of trans people in the province live on less than $15,000 a year. Trans youth in Canada struggle acutely with discrimination — the Public Health Agency of Canada reports that 20 to 30 per cent have attempted suicide.
Legislation to protect transgender Canadians from discrimination is currently awaiting Senate approval before becoming law. The NDP-sponsored Bill C-279, which would prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender identity, was passed by the House of Commons in March of 2013.
It's no surprise that change has come more swiftly online. On Feb. 13, Facebook earned praise from Mock and other human rights and LGBTQ advocates when it announced it would give users choices other than "male" or "female" for their gender identities. Its extensive list of options now includes "trans" and "agender," and users also have the ability to choose the pronoun they want Facebook to use in referring to them: male (he/his), female (she/her) or neutral (they/their).
Now, Mock is looking past print toward the bright lights of TV. Speaking with admiration about Ellen DeGeneres as a pivotal role model for gay women, she is pondering what a TV show of her own could offer trans youth.
"I think the media offers us the possibility to dream of what our lives could look like, especially for young people," she says, thinking about the recent blooming of positive trans characters. "I think about Laverne Cox's role on Orange is the New Black, Harmony Santana's role in (the movie) Gun Hill Road. Having those mainstream portraits that people can have access to enables them to think of trans people in different ways. Instead of being the butt of the joke, we're at the centre of the story."
Torstar News Service
The Birmingham City Council, on Tuesday, made it a criminal offense for any entity operating in the city to discriminate against a person based on his or her race, sexual orientation, national origin, gender identity or disability.
The city-wide non-discrimination ordinance covers housing, public accommodations and employment. The ordinance will be enforced through Birmingham Municipal Court.
The city council passed the ordinance unanimously following a public hearing. Councilors Kim Rafferty and William Parker weren't in attendance for the vote.
"Birmingham has a responsibility to protect all of its citizens the best way we can, and that it exactly what we are attempting to do today by passing this ordinance," City Council President Johnathan Austin told AL.com. "Fortunately, the council saw the wisdom in it, approved it unanimously, and it is just one step towards making the city of Birmingham a more inclusive and open community for all citizens. That is something we have to continue to work on. That is something we have to continue to fight for."
He said he expects that the state Legislature will challenge the ordinance.
"Whenever we try to do something to protect the citizens, in any form, it has always been attacked by the state Legislature, Austin said. "I anticipate that the state Legislature may try to pass some legislation that says we can't do this, but we will let them deal with that."
To enter a discrimination complaint against any entity, the alleged victim will have to go before a magistrate and seek a warrant or summons against the employer or other entity, Julie Barnard, Birmingham assistant city attorney, said during Tuesday's city council meeting.
Under Alabama law, the only remedy for violating a city ordinance is a criminal process, she said. Municipalities don't have the authority to create civil fines or civil remedies.
The Human Rights Campaign hailed the city council's passage of the ordinance, the first of its kind in the state of Alabama.
"Today, the city of Birmingham made history in Alabama by taking a crucial step toward ensuring LGBTQ residents are protected from discrimination," Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign said in a statement. "In doing so, Birmingham joins Jackson and Magnolia, Mississippi in setting an example for cities across the South to follow. Now, it is time for all southern cities to guarantee the right of LGBTQ people to live their lives free from discrimination."
Barnard said offenders won't be ticketed. Any business entity in Birmingham accused of discrimination would face a trial in municipal court.
"The municipal court is a court of criminal jurisdiction," Barnard said. "That means any charge in municipal court has to be proven to a standard of beyond a reasonable doubt. That's an issue for the council to consider. "
Civil courts, on the other hand, have a lower standard of proof: a preponderance of the evidence, she said.
Barnard said at a federal level, most discrimination violations would be civil matters.
Eva Kendrick, HRC Alabama state director, said it is fairly common for cities who pass non-discrimination ordinances to make it a criminal offense.
"These crucial nondiscrimination protections may be enforced through the issuance of fines only," she said. "The ordinance creates a local Human Rights Commission that receives, investigates, and attempts to conciliate complaints with the hopes of arriving at mutually agreed upon resolutions before reaching the stage of potential fines in municipal court.
Of the hundreds of municipalities across the nation that have enacted non-discrimination protections, many take a similar approach. In any event, the message that cities are sending is that discrimination against anyone is wrong, plain and simple," Kendrick said.
According to the ordinance, any person or entity found guilty of discrimination will face a fine of up to $500. First offenders will be subject to a fine of $100. The second violation will be subject to a $250 fine.
Barnard said there won't be any redress for people who have been discriminated against. They won't be able to get their jobs back. They won't be awarded back pay, she said.
Those measures would have to be sought in a civil setting, Barnard said.
The ordinance also calls for the creation of a Birmingham Human Rights Commission. The 11-member body will include one appointee from each of the city council districts; a representative from a human rights non-profit organization; and a representative from a business or other employer with its principal location in the city.
Additional, non-voting members of the commission will include the chief of police or designee; the fire chief or designee; the city's ADA compliance director of designee; and a member of council staff.
Barnard said the commission will be charged with conducting investigations and making recommendations to the mayor and council on potential legislative actions.
Several local residents as well as HRC, Equality Alabama and Central Alabama Pride spoke in favor of the ordinance.
Michael Hansen, a Birmingham resident and former Senate candidate, said the city's passage of the ordinance will "send a signal to the rest of the country that Birmingham is a serious place, that we are progressive and that we are open to everyone."
"What this ordinance really does is protect everyone but especially those most vulnerable. There are real cases of discrimination that happen in this city every day that affect everyone."
The Rev. Lindsey Becker, a local youth minister, said being open and vulnerable about who you are makes her a better employee, tenant, Christian, minister and as a servant for the community. She said this ordinance "is taking a stance and saying who you are is welcome. I think you will see that people in this community will become greater versions of themselves because they will be able to feel comfortable and empowered in who they are."
Birmingham resident Takia Hudson was the only person to speak out against the ordiance based on his religious beliefs.
Wayne Brady, 40, (his new ABC show, Trust Us With Your Life, premieres on Tuesday, July 10) shares 25 things you don't know about him with Us Weekly.
25. I kept my job singing and dancing as The Wolf Man at Universal Studios Hollywood into my second season of Whose Line. Benefits, you know.
24. I made my sister's Teddy Ruxpin talk as Satan for two weeks so she'd do my chores.
23. I was in a gang for a week. We stole Peanut M&Ms and comic books from the 7-11. Gangsta.
22. In the same gang, I fought a Haitian kid at school and he tried to stab me with a pencil. I beat his a– with a backpack . . .filled with M&Ms and comic books. Then I quit the gang.
21. I sold sponges, soap, coloring books, and inspirational tapes door to door when I was 15.
PHOTOS: Best dressed TV hosts
20. Worked at Kaybee Toys once for 2 weeks to get the employee discount so I could buy a Nintendo game system.
19. I helped open an Improv comedy theater in Orlando, Florida that's still there called Sak Comedy Theatre. Go see them and ask for the Wayne Brady discount. I hope they let you in.
18. I was a lounge singer in Tokyo, Japan.
17. I took the cake from a birthday party where I was playing the Black Power Ranger, when the dad said "I'm not paying you crap! You don't do karate!" Poor little Jorge…
16. I'm a neat freak.
15. I'm a Grammy nominated singer with a Top Five Urban AC single called "Ordinary".
PHOTOS: Stars at work
14. I'm a video game addict. PS3, Xbox 360, PC gaming, The Wii, Sony Vida! It's my crack!
13. I like shoes. A lot. 200 pairs.
12. I'm a mama's boy.
11. I was Ritchie in one of the most horrible productions of A Chorus Line ever.
10. I was cast as one of the original Simbas in The Lion King.
PHOTOS: Summer music festival styles
9. I have a very ugly big toe on my left foot.
8. I'm very introverted in person unless I've known you for years. Then it's on!
7. I'm allergic to cats. I had an allergic reaction on a date and had to go to the ER. Insert joke involving pussy cats . . .here.
6. My business partner, co-music manger, and best friend is my ex wife.
5. If we're going to date, you may have to be cool with number 6.
4. Blazing Saddles is my favorite movie. Ever.
3. I haven't any patience at all, especially with myself.
2. My mother knew nothing about numbers 22 and 23 until she read this. Thanks, US Weekly.
1. I've never actually "choked a b—h," but hey, I'm still young!
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Published online 8 December 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1131
News
A dose of the hormone makes human game-players behave more fairly.
Higher levels of testosterone do not necessarily lead to more aggressive behaviour. iStockphoto
The popular idea that testosterone always makes people more aggressive has been debunked by researchers. A team based in Switzerland has shown that the hormone can make people behave more fairly in an effort to defend their social status.
Ernst Fehr, an experimental economist at the University of Zurich, and his colleagues used the 'ultimatum bargaining' game to test how testosterone would affect behaviour in a group of 121 women. Counter-intuitively, women who were given testosterone bargained more fairly.
But the idea that testosterone causes aggression in humans, as it clearly does in rodents, is so firmly ingrained in the human psyche that women who believed they had been given testosterone — whether or not they had — bargained much less fairly.
Women, not men, were tested because they have less variable 'baseline' blood testosterone levels.
The study is published in Nature1. "It is a folk hypothesis that testosterone causes aggression," says Fehr. "But human society is more complex than this."
Fair play
Several studies in humans have shown positive correlations between high blood testosterone levels and confrontational behaviour. But it has been hard to determine experimentally whether the aggression is caused by testosterone or is instead a consequence of a challenge to a person's social status.
The ultimatum game makes it possible to distinguish between these possibilities.
“It is a folk hypothesis that testosterone causes aggression. But human society is more complex than this.” Ernst Fehr
University of Zurich
In the game, two individuals must agree on the division of a sum of money. The proposer suggests a particular splitting of the sum and the responder must accept or reject the offer. The proposal is an ultimatum — the responder may not make a counter-offer. If the responder accepts the proposal, the money is duly allocated. If the responder rejects the proposal, neither the proposer nor the responder gets any money.
Responders normally reject very low offers as unfair — they would rather receive no money than see their partner carry off a disproportionate amount of cash.
Some proposers offer a 50-50 split because they are motivated by fairness, although most push to keep a bit more for themselves — but not so much more that they risk rejection and ending up with nothing.
Fehr's team reasoned that if testosterone caused aggression, it would cause proposers to make low offers. If, however, it promoted social-status-seeking behaviour, proposers would make higher offers to avoid the social affront of having their offers rejected.
Beggaring belief
The women were given either 0.5 mg testosterone or a placebo four hours before playing the ultimatum game for the sum of 10 money units. Before they played, they were asked to say whether they believed they had been given testosterone or placebo.
Women who received testosterone made significantly higher offers than those who received placebo — an average of 3.9 money units compared with the placebo group's average offer of 3.4 money units.
"In the socially complex human environment, pro-social behaviour, not aggression, secures status," says Michael Naef, an experimental economist at the Royal Holloway, University of London, who is a co-author on the paper.
ADVERTISEMENT
The study has an additional, equally important message: those who believed they received testosterone, whether they had or not, made much lower offers — as low as 2 money units in some cases, or even nothing. "We think their belief that they had received testosterone, and that testosterone promotes aggression, gave them an up-front excuse to act more aggressively," says Fehr.
Responders remained as likely to reject a shabby offer when they were treated with testosterone as when they received placebo, showing that the hormone was not promoting altruistic behaviour.
Adam Goodie, a psychologist at the University of Georgia in Athens who works on decision-making, says: "The paper is a major blow to the popular wisdom that testosterone simply makes you more aggressive and less cooperative — the true picture is not nearly as negative."
"And it takes the field of neuroeconomics an important step further by showing that not only does biology affect economic behaviour — but so does belief," he adds.
The powerful impact of belief is a good lesson for neuroeconomists, adds Fehr: "Belief should always be controlled for in neuroeconomics studies, but often it is not."
A. Lange & Sohne made truly exceptional pocketwatches way back in the day. They now make truly exceptional wristwatches – in between they made very little. That's because they were enveloped by the German government to produce inexpensive timepieces for both military and consumer use during the war, under the moniker “GUB” or "Glashutte Uhrenbetriebe". The GUB absorbed all Glashutte-based watchmakers and quickly transformed top tier manufactures into simple watch factories churning out very basic timepieces. Before they could make the exceptional the unexceptional, a movement called the Lange 28 made its way into production. The Lange 28 was the only wristwatch caliber ever designed and built by Lange prior to 1994. It was based on a pocketwatch caliber and given the “Q1” mark, indicating the finest quality Lange could manufacture. These watches are quite rare and the value is often diluted because most of them have “GUB” signatures on the dial and movement instead of Lange's own signatures. It is only the few true watch nerds that know when they see “Q1” on the dial and the number 28 on the caliber that they aren't looking at some mass-produced product of cold-war Germany, but rather a solitary relic of the original Lange and pre-cursor to the magnificent brand we know today. We should note that you must be careful when cruising for these watches because GUB signed watches without a Lange 28 in them are a dime a dozen, and worth about as much as your dirty tube sock, AND, while Lange did make wristwatches before the war, they, in most cases, used movements from a host of suppliers. So, even if the dial reads “Lange” or “Lange VEB” that is no proof there is a Lange 28 inside. Tricky, we admit, but to own something of this quality and importance in a price range around $2,000-$3,500, you're going to have to work for it.
If Hillary wins...
If Hillary Clinton should win the presidency on November 8, for all intents and purposes, it's over for the country. This might be hyperbole, but how can one not look at it any other way? She will absolutely be the third term of Obama, and can anyone say with a straight face that he's had a successful presidency? His two signature achievements, Obamacare and the Iran agreement, domestic and foreign, respectively, are universally agreed to be failures.
Hillary will continue Obama's legacy of demagoguery and divisiveness eloquently described in this commentary here: Instead of offering hope, Obama gave us demagoguery. Instead of fostering unity he stoked and encouraged divisiveness. Instead of providing concrete solutions, he issued speeches laced with empty rhetoric and platitudes. Instead of calming the nation in times of crisis, he engaged in race baiting. Hillary Clinton will continue the Obama way of governing through unconstitutional executive orders and imposition of bureaucratic regulations since the Republicans will most likely retain the Senate and the House of Representatives and impede most of her radical left-wing legislative initiatives just as they did with Obama. This forced him into executive overreach for most of his presidency. A Clinton administration would be not at all different. As a result, the Democrats will own every problem - unemployment, the chaotic Middle East, racial division and urban poverty, ISIS and domestic terrorism, imploding Obamacare – and the list goes on and on. Democrats have been in the White House for 16 of the last 24 years. And other than the Iraq War, George W. Bush pretty much governed like a Democrat by expanding the entitlement state with Medicare Part D and the reach of the federal government through programs like No Child Left Behind, not to mention enlarging the bureaucratic state with the creation of Department of Homeland Security, which included the Transportation Safety Administration. With another four to eight years of Hillary, that will be a total of a possible 32 and at least 28 straight years of essentially Democrat governance. What the media and all of the other anti-Trumpers don't understand is that the reason Trump is the Republican nominee for president is because he has zero political experience. He doesn't act, talk, or even look like a politician, and that's exactly what people want in the current rebellion against D.C. and the political establishment. So what if Hillary sounded great in the debate, as the left-wing media like CNN and websites like Huffington Post were screaming from the rooftops? That is exactly why the non-"elite" regular people don't like her or want her in office. She is just a continuation of what the career politicians have been doing to the country for 45+ years. "Why Donald is Winning, Because Washington is Losing" hits the nail on the head: As for Hillary she has made her case. She has more experience governing than Donald. Another way of putting it is she is part of the problem. America is, as the pollsters say, on the wrong track. So if Hillary wins, she and the Democrats will own every single problem the country faces today, from the highest level of poverty in the history of the country to the highest levels of debt to the highest levels of unemployment and underemployment. And those who vote for her will own the country's problems, too. To repeat Albert Einstein's famous quote: "The definition of insanity is to keep doing the same thing over and over again, and then expecting different results." There won't be enough psychiatrists in the world to cure the irreversible condition of the country after another four to eight years of the insanity of the status quo.
I didn't actually mean to draw a second page. But here you go! Enjoy!Page 1: meonlyred.deviantart.com/art/M… Zody Shepard isn't happy about working for Cerberus, something about them murdering her unit on Akuze.Hurray! A chance to actually draw Shepard with scars! Honestly by the time I get to Horizon, Shepard's scars are lighter then this. But let's pretend! I couldn't find a good reference shot of Shepard's busted helmet, I'm sure there are probably more chucks missing out of it.And keeping with tradition... here some music to go with. youtu.be/QmdOYnA0z3Y I've written songs in the darkI've felt inspired in the darkI hide myself in the darkUsed to be afraid of the darkThose in the light know we die in the darkThere's only artificial light hereMy flaws hide well hereI used to be afraid of cluttered noisesNow I'm afraid of silenceFill this space idle wordsI'm scared to death of light and silenceJesus kill me inside thisRaise me up to live againLike you did, like you did.Now I am mute despite myselfAll of them are goneThe silence overtakes meThe idle words forsake me and I am left to face meI'm held accountableFor every idle wordCurse the idle wordsI'm scared to death of light and silenceJesus kill me inside thisRaise me up to live againLike you did, like you did.Glory shows upExposes usI'm naked hereForsaken here, by the dark, by the darkDamn the darkFlyleaf - In The DarkUPDATE: Adding watermark.
This week, Ayushi Mansingka from our team at GeekyAnts, spoke about her work with Meteor for a React Native project she was working on.
Before getting into the project's specifics, let me brief Meteor in a few points:
Meteor is an open-source JavaScript platform used for apps.
It has a full JavaScript stack, allowing us to do great things with fewer lines of code, which took lot more lines of code to accomplish.
Meteor, which released in December 2011, has since grown popular amongst developers. It is more preferred than Laravel or Ruby on Rails.
Meteor provides access to real time data. This is one area where it is better than other platforms like REST.
Server-Client communication in REST API
Working with Meteor
We were given the task of building a React Native app which would allow a user to buy and sell services. We used Meteor as backend and Redux for storing data related to forms and user input.
The best part of Meteor is that it is easy to install. If you are working on Windows, you can install it from here. Mac and Linux users can install it by opening a terminal and typing curl https://install.meteor.com/ | sh.
With just a few commands, you can get a working app and work on its development instead of wasting time on setup.
There is already a React-Native-Meteor package, which made it easy for us to get React Native and Meteor to talk to each other.
Meteor uses MongoDB but has no strict guidelines for building the backend, so we used the “aldeed: simple-schema” package, also provided by Meteor, to create our own collections and validate the objects.
Meteor's package repository-Atmosphere has more 5000 packages. This came in handy while we were building our app.
After our data models were ready, we were ready to integrate the UI with the backend. The pub/sub mechanism was helpful in this as it provided us with real-time data.
Connection between server and client using Websockets
Data transfer is done using Websockets, which establishes a long held TCP connection between server and a client. This also allows data to transfer in real-time. The server can also push any changes that occur in the database on to the client.
Meteor also has Optimistic UI updating, which allows an app to give quick response to any user inputs.
The server-client communication is seamless. All we had to do was write queries on the front-end and MongoDB updates the UI on the frontend whenever there is a change at the backend.
Dataflow in Meteor from the database to theUI
Being able to use the same queries at both, server and client's side further sped up the development process.
Security rules allow only server-side updates and deny all client-side updates. All database operations are needed to be performed using Meteor methods.
Filtering the listings was also made easier by passing the user's preferred coordinates to publications where we used MongoDB geospatial queries to return data to the subscriptions.
Data synchronisation was also easy and straightforward. We had to subscribe to the data we need at front-end and render it in our UI. All real-time updates were taken care of.
Overall, using Meteor with React Native allowed us to move at a faster pace and helped us create our app in a simpler way. While Meteor is not suitable to use if you want to scale your app, we recommend using it for apps which require data in real time.
Hector Arroyo (Photo: Courtesy photo)
CHARLOTTE — The man police said fatally struck a Waverly High School student with his vehicle last month told police he didn't have a license because he is legally blind, according to court records.
Hector Arroyo called police to report that he thought he struck a deer around 7:25 a.m. Oct. 28, while he was driving westbound on Michigan Avenue, Det. James Maltby, of the Eaton County Sheriff's Office, testified last month during a court hearing.
Arroyo told Maltby he didn't stop because he didn't have a license and that the Secretary of State had suspended it because he's "basically legally blind," Maltby testified. Maltby added that the time frame and location matched up with the crash that killed Waverly High School ninth-grader Helina Dirba, 13, who was crossing West Michigan Avenue near Colt Elementary School.
She died at a local hospital several days later.
Arroyo is charged with involuntary homicide-manslaughter with a vehicle, driving while license suspended causing death and failure to stop at the scene of a crash causing injury or death.
Edwar Zeineh, Arroyo's attorney, said the hearing Maltby testified at just establishes probably cause for a warrant and like all cases there is more to Arroyo's story than what was presented during the hearing.
"We are in the process of doing our own investigation, which furthers the work done by the police in the case," he said.
Arroyo's license was suspended indefinitely in October 2012 for a medical reason and expired in April, according to the Secretary of State's Office, which added that he previously petitioned for re-examinations to lift the suspension. The most recent re-examination — in September — resulted in another indefinite suspension.
Maltby testified that the damage to Arroyo's vehicle was consistent with a vehicle-pedestrian crash, based on his experience.
Witnesses told police a vehicle caught their eye before it struck Dirby because it was driving fast for the time of day and proximity to a school, Maltby testified.
"They were concerned about that and kind of watched him as he continued on and it was dark out, but they saw him strike the victim who was 13 years old," he testified. "After striking the victim, the suspect kept driving. He did not stop."
Arroyo faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted. A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence for him to stand trial is scheduled for Dec. 10 in Eaton County District Court in front of Judge Harvey Hoffman.
Contact Matt Mencarini at (517) 267-1347 or mmencarini@lsj.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattMencarini.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1jihlSc
Update on Indonesian Pro-ISIS Prisoners and Deradicalisation Efforts
(Jakarta, 14 December 2016) Pro-ISIS extremists continue to recruit and radicalise fellow inmates in Indonesian prisons, while structural problems of the prison system continue to defeat efforts at deradicalisation and disengagement.
Update on Indonesian Pro-ISIS Prisoners and Deradicalisation Efforts, the latest report from the Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict (IPAC), looks at the burden on corrections officers with a growing number of pro-ISIS prisoners -- 2016 has seen more than 120 suspected terrorists arrested and charged, as well as more than 50 released.
“The obstacles to effective prison management remain overwhelming,” says Sidney Jones, IPAC director. “Prisons are overcrowded and understaffed, corruption is rife, and inadequate budgets make it easier for well-funded extremists to recruit inmates when they can offer extra food. No deradicalisation program is going to be effective unless some of these issues are addressed.”
The report looks at several cases of extremist recruitment of criminal offenders, involvement of released prisoners in terrorist acts, and the planning of terrorist operations from behind bars and analyses why these took place and how they could have been prevented. The case study of Juhanda, the former book bomber who tried to bomb a church in Samarinda, East Kalimantan in November 2016 shows how extremist networks operate inside prison with the help of contacts on the outside.
The report also draws attention to geographic clusters of inmates. The best example is Poso, Central Sulawesi where the joint police-army operations in 2015 and 2016 produced almost 60 inmates from in and around the Poso area. They are not all detained together nor will they be released at the same time, but police and the National Anti-Terrorism Agency (Badan Nasional untuk Penanggulangan Terorisme, BNPT) need to be working on a prevention strategy now, identifying families that have disengaged from violence but have standing in the community who can work with newly released prisoners. They also need to think through where temptations to re-engage will come from.
The new update also examines tensions and competing priorities between BNPT and the Directorate-General for Corrections within the Ministry of Law and Human Rights. Those tensions heightened over plans to transfer “cooperative” extremists to a new facility in Sentul, Bogor, that will be a showcase for BNPT's deradicalisation efforts. While an agreement was worked out in November that will enable the transfer to begin, prison officials remain unhappy that some of the inmates they most rely on to help keep the pro-ISIS inmates in check will move out, leaving the prisons with the hardcore ideologues.
The report concludes with a call for a better donor coordination mechanism for assistance to Indonesian prisons.
Download article:
Dr Qasim Akinreti, London
The Tahir hall Baitul Futuh mosque London the largest mosque in Western Europe was filled to the brim. The event was the celebration of 25 progressive years of satellite broadcast of the true Islam from the Ahmadiyya Muslim community, owner of the Muslim Television Ahmadiyya MTA International.
The world head of the Ahmadiyya community Hazrat Masroor Ahmad Khalifatul Masih V walked in at 6.30pm local time for the commencement of the celebration. Ali Munhanda Sahib read from the glorious Qur'an Suratul Al- Fatih chapter 26 verse 29-30.Brother Shamir Coordinator MTA Mauritius translated the passage. Sonorous poem in Urdu followed and the entire hall was spiritually moved to ecstasy for another journey of international broadcast in the coming years.
MTA which started broadcast in 1994 at the Morden mosque with a mobile studio now transmit across 10 satellites around the world on Galaxy19, SES 2 in the Americas , Astra 2G, Hotbird 13A, Astra2F, Hotbird 13B , SES -5 , EUtelsat 70B and Asia sat 7 to Africa, Asia, Middle East and the Far East. The last satellite Hispasat 1E is directed to the Oceania and the pacific region.
This satellite model of broadcast is instructive as Hazrat Khalifatul Masih V, Masroor Ahmad remarked” unquestionably, MTA is playing a great role in spreading the true teachings of Islam to all parts of the world”, 16 languages of broadcast notably Arabic, English, French, and Urdu among others make the MTA brand unique in international broadcast from London, the headquarters, Germany in Europe, Ghana in West Africa and Mauritius off the African coast , Pakistan , Qadian and Bangladesh in the Far East , Kababir Middle East, USA and Canada for the Americas as well as Australia. Hausa, Yoruba and Chiwi local languages are expected to come on from the Ghana studio for MTA International Africa Channel.
The stations coverage span through great events including the k Friday sermons of the Khalifatul Masih V, special speeches transmitted live from the Baitul Futuh mosque or other locations around the world where the Huzur (Head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community) visited. In the last few years , the Huzur has visited the British House of Commons, U.K. Parliament, the meeting with the Mayor of London, the tour of Canada in 2016, the European Parliament, the German military headquarters, Dutch parliament, official visit Mauritius, Fiji , Singapore, India, Nigeria , Benin Republic and Ghana among others.
MTA International global broadcast has been enhanced with the establishment of MTA 3 Al – Arabia in 2007, and MTA International Africa in 2016 for 24 hours .
With this 24 hours global broadcast, the Chinese news agency,XHINUA came visiting and rebroadcast programmes agreement were reached with national and private television stations across the world. Ghana television, Sierra Leone TV, Uganda TV and MITV in Nigeria offer their services. MITV in Nigeria broadcast 90 minutes programmes on Friday 4.30pm – 5.00pm, 11.30am-12noon and 7.30am- 8.00am local time. 18 hours of live telecast of the U.K. Jalsa Salana were broadcast since 2015.
The station's range of quality news and programmes were divided into Tabligh (preaching), Taleem (Islamic education) and secular – documentaries, feature and discussions programmes. The Taleem programmes included Tilawat and Tarjmatul – Quran classes, admonitions to children and women, discussions on faith matters. Specifically, the following programmes were delights for viewers – Faith Matters, Journey To Islam, Contemplation, Inspirational Africans, The secular programmes are documentaries on Islam, Huzur tours, homeopathy (alternative health) classes to mention a few.
According to the Managing Director, MTA International, Munir ul Din Sham , these quality programming were made possible by dedicated staff and pool of volunteers, motivated by the unique guidance of the Khilafah and service to humanity. He enthused “Each year has unique experiences with an outstanding milestone achieved by young and old “. The dead colleagues were duelly acknowledged, names reeled out and solemn prayers made for the repose of their souls.
Munir recalled with nostalgia that Huzur had predicted that it will be a unique history for the International Islamic station in the later years. At 25 the prediction has come to pass as the Television station now boost of five channels with the latest equipment for global broadcast.
In appreciation for the spiritual guidance and moral assistance to the MTA International as it turns 25, a special gift was presented to the Huzur and a short documentary on the glorious years of an enviable international broadcast to millions of viewers was broadcast to spice the occasion.
The documentary was an elixir for the keynote address of the spiritual leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community Hazrat Masroor Ahmad, Khalifatul Masih V. His speech centred on the prophecy of the founder of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community and promised messiah, Hazrat Mirza Ghulam Ahmad about the technological advancement in media industry including TV, radio as well as
the social media towards the propagation of true Islam. He stated that MTA International has come to fulfil the prophecy in its unique role of spreading the true teaching of Islam.
At 25 years, the Huzur was emphatic. “MTA has adapted the latest technology and utilize social media platforms to get the message of Islam to reach all the corners of the world. The unique style of presenting Islam especially to the Arab World and the world at large has changed the negative narrative about Islam as a religion of violence but that of peace and total submission to the will of Allah (SWT)”.
He commended the efforts of volunteers and professionals.
Today the staff of MTA International stood at 328, comprising of volunteers and paid staff. The staff are paid salaries that are not competitive in the international broadcast industry. Remarkably the staff and volunteers had shown the true spirit of determination and sacrifice needed for the growth of an enviable International Islamic broadcast organisation. He prayed for the continued progress of the MTA International.
The guests across the world including Nigeria, Egypt, Mauritius, Australia, India, USA, Canada, Switzerland, Sweden, Spain, Belgium, and France among others graced the occasion.
You have done most of the hard work already- you have gotten a master's degree, hundreds of hours of supervision and gone to weeks worth of advanced training. Now you are ready to start your own private practice.
Before we dig in, we want you to remember that most small business invest tens of thousands of dollars into just basic start-up costs. A small training gym can easily spend $20k-50k on start-up, bakeries can spend $100k, restaurants $50k-200k, technology start-ups $10k-500k, and day spas $8k-80k.
So, what do YOU really need to start a psychotherapy private practice?
A place to practice. That doesn't necessarily mean an office. Therapists are practicing over the phone, doing walk and talk therapy, and subletting office space by the hour. Check into subletting when starting your private practice, many therapists find they can get started for under $100 a month if they research and negotiate well (that number can vary based upon your area). Subletting means no need for décor, couches, etc. Some will even let you graduate up- meaning you only start paying for the space when you begin to get clients. (I didn't pay a dime for office space prior to seeing clients, and then paid an hourly fee up to a max of $75 a month for renting a space a couple night's a month). Depending on your location, you may need a business license. Contact your city to find out. Investment: $200 a month.
An EIN and NPI number. These actually aren't even completely required if you are running a cash-pay practice, but they won't hurt! They are both free, can be grabbed online in a few minutes, and are needed if you are going to provide CMS-1500 forms or superbills for your clients to get reimbursed, or if you are going to work directly with insurance companies. Get your EIN here and your NPI number here. Investment: $0
Liability insurance. Whether you are in private practice or doing agency work- I recommend you have liability insurance. Many insurance plans allow for a certain number of clinical hours in private practice without increasing your annual fee. You can also get general liability insurance on top of your clinical liability insurance. To be honest, I didn't do that initially. I felt like if I wasn't making a lot of income in the beginning- why would it help for them to sue me! However, look at your particular situation and make a decision based on what is right for you. Investment: $450 annually (even with the fancy general liability insurance)
Clinical forms. You need to get your informed consent and policies together. many professional organizations like the California Association of Marriage and Family Therapists (CAMFT) make templates available for their membership, and some will even review your paperwork as a part of your annual membership. If you develop an online practice process, you can have clients sign online- so you may not even have any initial printing costs: Investment: $0
A business line. There are call forwarding services that allow you to get a “number” for your clinical practice and have that forwarded to your mobile phone. Avoid having to carry two phones around if you can. Some services allow you to send calls direct to voicemail outside of business hours so you don't have to worry about your personal mobile ringing constantly. Many therapists starting out use Google Voice to get a free line. There are some grey areas in regards to using this service. Worst case you can get a service that is explicitly HIPAA compliant for under $10 a month. Initial Investment: $300; Monthly fee $130 (The cost of your current cell phone)
A secure e-mail account. You can use a free service like www.hushmail.com to get started for free, or use Google Apps to get started with a business based e-mail that is HIPAA compliant for $50 a year. Investment: $50 a year
A website. In a pinch, you can start a website for free on a service like www.wordpress.com, www.weebly.com, (but these aren't good long-term solutions) even really involved websites with all the bells and whistles only cost $20-30 a month. We love using www.squarespace.com or www.wpengine.com for hosting if you have to do WordPress.org (Did your brain just shut down when we started talking websites? Take the free Website 101 e-course for therapists!) The HARDEST part of your website is developing your voice and your practice vision. It can be expensive to have someone else uncover that with you and ghost write for you- but ultimately- you don't have to have a website to be able to see clients (but it REALLY helps in getting new clients when done well). Investment $25 a month
Practice Management System. Many people don't believe you need to start with a practice management system. I will tell you it is an absolute necessity. It is your HIPAA compliant, completely secure portal for clinical notes, will keep all of your financial information organized (invaluable), lower your no-show rate, allow you to take credit cards, and so much more. Our current fave for cash-pay private practices is Simple Practice. Investment: $39 a month
Referral source(s). You need a way to get clients. I built my private practice on 95% referrals from the Internet. I was newly licensed and wasn't super well known in the community. There also wasn't much competition to get to the first page of Google. I have colleagues who built their practice on a specific referral source initially- an adoption agency that they worked for previously. While paid therapist listings can be a piece of the puzzle- it is possible to get a steady stream of clients with good ol' fashion networking and in person relationships. (Although having a way for people who hear about you to Google you and find an awesome website works a bit better!) the more saturated your market, the less specialized your work, the more competition for the first page of Google- the Here is a link for 6 months free on Psychology Today. Some of the best referral sources you will have in your career will be built on relationships. Relationships don't usually cost anything. Investment: Time! Top Tip: Focus your efforts on SEO or in-person relationships based on what is the most direct way for you to get new clients in your area, for your specific specialization. Are there a few dozen therapists with your specialty already on the first page of Google? Consider focusing on relationship building in a unique way. Is the first page empty of any other therapists- start writing a blog a week on that topic until you see yourself on page 1, and then you can move to monthly or less.
Printer. Having access to a printer for receipts isn't a direct necessity with a practice management system that can e-mail receipts- but it is a nice back-up. Does your sublet include a printer? Awesome! Score! Not so much? Bummer! Grab a printer that is wireless, can copy, print, scan, and e-mail. Investment: $200
Computer Access. Must have you computer access to start your private practice? Not really. However, I think it is good business practice. Being able to Google resources, type up notes on the spot, and access your practice management system at the office will make life easier. However, that could be done via a Desktop, Laptop, Tablet, or Smartphone. Start initially with tech you already have. Worst case? Buy a Google Tablet or Chromebook if you absolutely don't have anything else you can use. Investment $250
Internet Access. While it isn't an absolute necessity to have Internet access to start a private practice, it sure does make things a bit easier. Your office may come with wifi access, your smartphone may include internet access and turning it into a wifi hotspot, or you may need to get separate internet access. Worstcase, check out FreedomPop and get started for less than $20 a month. Investment: $20 a month
Business Cards. Maybe… to be honest I've seen too many people focus on business cards for hours, weeks, months… Want to build a strong base of referrals? When you meet people, grab their business card and send them a personal note via email or text with all of your contact information (so they can easily search their e-mail). Get out there and build relationships! Here is a link to grab 50 free business cards. Investment: $50
Professional Associations. Truth is, you probably already have these. If you don't it may or may not benefit you to go grab it now! Check to see if you get a discount on your liability insurance through your professional association. In California, to join www.camft.org is $200 the first year. For that $200 you get unlimited phone calls to speak to a lawyer with any questions you have about your practice, client situations, etc. Ask around and ONLY invest if there is direct value. Investment: $30
An Afghan woman shot and killed Friday a senior commander of the Taliban militant group in the northern province of Baghlan.
The shooting took place after the commander sought to enter the woman's home in an act considered a serious breach of privacy by Afghans.
Provincial police spokesman, Jawed Basharat, said the incident took place in Khwaja Bahauddin district of the province late previous night.
Provincial police chief, General Ewaz Mohammad Nazeri, said the Taliban commander was killed after the woman opened indiscriminate fire on intruders. He added that a Taliban militant was also injured in the shooting.
Nazeri said police forces were immediately deployed to the area.
The Taliban has not made any comments about the incident so far.
In November 2014, an Afghan woman killed over two dozen Taliban militants in revenge for the killing of her son, who was shot dead before her eyes in the western province of Farah.
The woman, identified as Reza Gul, picked up arms after her son, who was leading a small group of police forces in a village in the province, was killed by Taliban militants.
Five Taliban militants were injured in the gun battle, which lasted for about seven hours.
The mother of the slain police officer was supported by her daughter and daughter-in-law in her battle against the militants.
Afghanistan is gripped by insecurity more than 14 years after the United States and its allies invaded the country as part of Washington's so-called war on terror. Although the 2001 attack overthrew the Taliban, many areas across Afghanistan still face violence and insecurity.
The Rock is making a film about WWE star Paige and her wrestling family
The Rock and Stephen Merchant are teaming up to make a film about the life of English WWE Superstar Paige and her family.
WWE legend Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Merchant, co-creator of The Office, will produce Fighting with My Family, a movie inspired by a 2012 Channel 4 documentary of the same name.
Paige signed for WWE in 2011
The movie charts the true story of Norwich-born Paige, real name Saraya-Jade Bevis, and her wrestling-mad family, including reformed gangster father, Ian Bevis aka Ricky Knight and mother Julia Hamer-Bevis aka Sweet Saraya, as they compete in tiny venues across the country.
Paige - who is currently recuperating from neck surgery - scooped a contract with WWE in 2011 and has since won the NXT Women's Title once and the WWE Divas Championship twice.
Merchant will write, direct and executive produce the film, with English actress Florence Pugh already cast as Paige, and Shaun of the Dead's Nick Frost and Game of Thrones star Lena Headey to appear as her parents.
Dream come true! I'm extremely happy for myself but mostly happy for my family.. they deserve everything and more 🙏🏻😊😊 #TheKnights pic.twitter.com/1AJPwgdWCw — PAIGE (@RealPaigeWWE) February 7, 2017
The Rock - who will executive produce the film as well as star in an as-yet unknown role - told The Hollywood Reporter: "Back in 2012, I was in my hotel room in London and stumbled across a documentary on a local UK channel.
"Not only was I intrigued by this loving and wild family, but I also felt it's the kind of narrative that would make an amazing movie.
"The Knights' journey is a universal one that all families are familiar with. I relate to Saraya (Paige) and her wrestling family on such a personal level and it means so much that I can help tell their story."
New York Rangers' Jimmy Vesey is the latest Victim of Radko Gudas
New York Rangers' Jimmy Vesey is the latest Victim of Radko Gudas by John Williams
New York Rangers: Tanner Glass has Been Cut From the Roster
New York Rangers: Tanner Glass has Been Cut From the Roster by John Williams
With one round of cuts and one preseason game remaining before the regular season gets underway a week from today, things are getting real at New York Rangers camp.
It's getting real guys! This time next week, the New York Rangers will play a game for points against the Islanders at the Garden and I am pumped!
Before we get there, though, the team has their final preseason game tonight against the Philadelphia Flyers and there are still 6-7 cuts to be made from the roster.
The team announced their second to last set of cuts yesterday afternoon. They dropped their roster size from 39 to 29. They sent forwards Marek Hrivik, Nick Jensen, Robin Kovacs and Malte Stromwall, defenseman Matt Bodie, John Gilmour, Ryan Graves and Chris Summers and goalie Mackenzie Skapski down to Hartford.
The team also cut veteran Maxim Lapierrere loose of his camp tryout. I don't think Lapierre was horrible, but he definitely looked slow out there on the ice. In a forward group that is predicated on speed, it wouldn't have made much sense to keep him.
Another thing about these cuts to note was the Nicklas Jensen and Marek Hrivik have to clear waivers to be sent down to Hartford. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if either of them gets claimed by another team. Jensen had a great World Juniors tournament this offseason, and I think a lot of teams see potential in him.
Also, and this has been said before a lot on the Rangers internet and I want to reiterate it; I think Marek Hrivik could be a good fourth liner somewhere in the league. The Rangers' forward group is just too deep, otherwise, I'd be all for him playing in that spot.
One more quick note on these cuts; I don't know why I am surprised that John Gilmour got cut so early, but I am. He displayed some good offensive instincts in his time in the lineup this preseason, tallying two goals. I didn't think he was gonna make the team, but I expected the team to give him one more game.
Who's Still There?
#NYR have 29 players remaining at #NYRTC presented by @SAPSports. Here is the roster breakdown. pic.twitter.com/GGAJRJPKML — New York Rangers (@NYRangers) October 5, 2016
Well, there is your answer.
I think this is pretty much the roster we expected to see at this point, with the exception of a few names. The team needs to cut 6-7 more people, so might those players be? The three easy ones are Gabriel Fontaine, Boo Nieves and Magnus Hellberg. After that, it gets really tricky. In my heart, I believe Tanner Glass will get cut, but my head tells me differently. Or is it the other way around? Regardless, I want Glass cut, and I still think he will, but if he does end up making the team, you will hear me saying, in the words of Paul Abrahmain from Big Brother 18, “Your boy, is pissed!” So assuming Glass does get cut, that leaves us with 25 players on the roster according to my very crappy math skills. That would leave 15 forwards, 8 defensemen, and the two goalies. This means two more forwards and possibly 1 defenseman needs to be cut. Want your voice heard? Join the Blue Line Station team! Write for us! Looking at the forward group, technically, since they will put center Oscar Lindberg on the IR, they only really need to cut one more forward. It also looks like that final spot will be a battle between Nathan Gerbe and Josh Jooris. I am going to go out on a limb and say Jooris is the one who gets cut due to him being relatively unknown and the fact he hurt himself and camp and was never able to fully recover to show the best of his game. It sucks, but that's just the way it goes sometimes. I am also going to make another bold prediction. I think that Brady Skjei is either named the 6th defenseman or is optioned down to Hartford. He hasn't played all too well so far this preseason and Alain Vigneault has acknowledged how wanted to see more from the rookie. There is really no point in leaving him in the press box as the 7th or 8th defenseman when he could be getting time develop in Hartford.
The team has yet to announce their lineup for tonight's game against the Flyers, but I would imagine that all these players I just talked about will be in the lineup, possibly for the last time.
October 29, 2014 4:00 AM | Konstantinos Dimopoulos / Gnome
Agustín Cordes, the soul of Senscape and driving force behind horror adventures Scratches, Asylum and the freeware Serena, has agreed to answer the questions of IndieGames.com regarding the incredibly exciting H.P. Lovecraft: The Case of Charles Dexter Ward Kickstarter campaign. It is a 3rd person point-and-click cosmic horror adventure, it is, and one wisely set in Lovecraft's Providence and already looking rather fantastic.
With just a bit over two days left for the campaign to reach its crowdfunding deadline you'd better hurry and read up though...
So, the Case of Charles Dexter Ward, Lovecraft's longest story ever, is finally about to become a game. Why did you decide to tackle this particular piece of fiction?
I have to say that it wasn't my first option, but it was my second solid choice. The story is perfect for an adventure game: it has a thrilling first act that blends fiction with historical facts, having Charles traveling around Providence and Salem while investigating his evil ancestor Joseph Curwen. But then the second act is decidedly more gruesome and horrifying, with a memorable sequence in some unmentionable catacombs. All in all, the story translated almost naturally into an adventure game, with bits of the novel becoming very entertaining puzzles.
Would you say a point-and-click adventure game is the genre that best fits Lovecraft's subtle pace and cosmic horrors?
A resounding yes! Any genre that depends too much on physical action won't succeed in communicating that particular notion of supernatural horror and Lovecraft's remarkable type of dread. The idea is that supernatural and cosmic horror works for the most part inside your head -- you don't know exactly what you're afraid of, you simply are. Fortunately, the adventure game genre is typically more concerned on narrative rather than game mechanics, making it the ideal vehicle for moody horror stories where there's no clear definition of "enemy".
I was very impressed to see famed scholar and Lovecraft S. T. Joshi helping Senscape for the project. How did you get the man aboard and what will his role be?
It took a bit of convincing especially because Mr. Joshi isn't that much familiar with games, but we reached an agreement when I explained the sort of assistance that we required, namely help in our research, ensuring that we get all historical facts right and the correct interpretation of portions of the novel, as well as the chance to consult him in various ways: from questions about Lovecraft's tone of voice to the alleged contents of the Necronomicon. It's been amazing so far discussing with him the intricate details of the story, conversations that I'm sure fans will be delighted to hear eventually.
How are you going to tackle all the problems of a pure Lovecraftian tale? Will an essentially powerless character be fun to play when ancient horrors can simply do as they wish? Will Charles Dexter Ward simply go mad?
We're remaining very faithful to the original novel and, without spoiling much, I can tell you that players will take the role of both Charles Dexter Ward and Dr. Marinus Willett, the family doctor who at the request of Ward's father starts investigating his erratic son. So yes, in both cases you are essentially powerless and at the mercy of cosmic influences beyond your understanding. Charles Dexter Ward and Asylum are the result of my experiences with Scratches, an adventure that, while flawed in many regards, was pure supernatural horror in a sense that no clear terror is ever witnessed and still the game was undeniably scary.
Loved the choice of having the game's character resemble HPL himself. Is that due to the autobiographical elements of the original story?
Thank you, and yes, it is! It's commonly accepted that Lovecraft based the character of Charles Dexter Ward on himself. The description is clearly that of his own, with the curious exception of the blonde hair. I've always pictured Charles as a younger, blonde version of Lovecraft, so I'm quite happy with our take on the character. In general, the novel features many aspects of Lovecraft's own life in Providence, such as his love for the colonial lifestyle, architecture, his excursions to John Hay Library and Prospect Terrace, his troubled childhood, etc. It's definitely his most autobiographical work.
So, in a nutshell and besides already looking lovely and everything, how would you describe H.P. Lovecraft's: The Case of Charles Dexter Ward game?
It's a traditional point-and-click adventure reminiscent of LucasArts games and Broken Sword, with a bit of that historical thriller subgenre present in Gabriel Knight. It's also very faithful to Lovecraft's writings and the mood he perfected -- certainly the most well-researched game on the author, and one that we hope will become an instant classic in the adventure game genre.
Care to clean up the "official" bit please? Many people have been wondering...
Yes, we have an agreement with the Lovecraft Estate, the same entity that has collected and maintains Lovecraft's original manuscripts and letters in the John Hay Library. The work of the Estate dates back to the 50's and is presided by a distant relative of Lovecraft. There's documentation that supports their claim to the copyright of Charles Dexter Ward, so we did the right thing by securing a deal with them. In addition to having the license to adapt the story into a video game, we have access to the resources of the Lovecraft Estate, including the historical documents kept in John Hay.
And, finally, as the Kickstarter campaign is also about a documentary, could you tell the IndieGames.com readership a bit more about it?
Of course, in our quest to make the most genuine Lovecraft experience in video games we are planning to travel to Providence -- Lovecraft's hometown and the main setting of the story -- along with S. T. Joshi to scout the remaining locations mentioned in the novel for research purposes. The idea is to combine this trip with the making of a documentary about Lovecraft's life in addition to a "behind the scenes" featurette on the development of the game. Much to my dismay, there aren't any full length film documentaries focusing on Lovecraft's fascinating persona, even though we already have the definitive biography by Joshi. We hope that our documentary will remedy this.
Men, turn your pocket change into something meaningful.
That's the United Nations' message for National Equal Pay Day. It's part of a campaign of the HeForShe initiative, which asked men to post photos to social media holding three quarters and three pennies.
The coins are meant to represent the 78 cents that women earn for every $1 a man makes.
Men across the social media universe have been posting photos of their open palms filled with change, saying things like, "Today I stood up for gender equality by supporting Equal Pay Day," while others kept it simple, posting, "Screw inequality."
Nigel Barker, photographer and TV host, posted a photo of himself on Instagram and wrote, "As a man with both a son and a daughter, I demand equal opportunities and treatment for both of my children regardless of gender."
Related: Sarah Silverman: Women get paid less and it's 'sh***y'
The UN also asked men go one day with equal pay, suggesting they donate 22% of their paychecks Tuesday to HeForShe, which will use the funds to to support equal pay programs.
Just as the campaign has been embraced on social media, it has also been criticized for not being more inclusive of women of color.
Kyndall Clark tweeted, "The #78Cents campaign is really disappointing. This applies to white women. Not women of color," and used the hashtag #erasure.
African American women make 64% of a white man's earnings, while Hispanic or Latina women make 54%, according to an analysis of census data by the American Association of University Women.
Each year, Equal Pay Day symbolizes how far into the year women must work to earn what men earned in the previous year. This year, it also happens to fall on Lilly Ledbetter's birthday, whose 2007 Supreme Court case about pay discrimination contributed to the current movement for wage equality.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
It will take time to improve the train system, and there will be more hurdles to clear along the way, said PM Lee.
SINGAPORE: There are lessons to be learned from the recent problems on the MRT network and the causes need to be established so that things can be put right.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said this on Sunday (Nov 19) at the People's Action Party's convention, which was held at Big Box in Jurong.
Advertisement
"We have made progress, but there have been setbacks," said Mr Lee, pointing to the train collision last week at Joo Koon station which left 36 people injured, and October's flooding in a tunnel from Bishan to Braddell MRT stations which resulted in the suspension of services for about 20 hours.
People are frustrated and worried by such incidents and "understandably so", said Mr Lee.
He said that improving train reliability is a very complicated problem, but the organisations need to be strengthened to deliver consistent high performance.
Mr Lee said that Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan and his team in the Ministry of Transport and Land Transport Authority "are extremely disappointed with the recent incidents", which is a sentiment shared by the train operators and their workers on the ground.
Advertisement
Advertisement
And while efforts to improve the train network are showing results, it does not feel like that to the public, said Mr Lee. A key reason for that is that major incidents hurt public confidence a lot.
In his speech, Mr Lee said that Mr Khaw has one of the toughest jobs in Cabinet: "I want Boon Wan and his team to know that they have our full support and confidence," he said, to applause from the PAP members.
It will take time to improve the train system, and there will be more hurdles to clear along the way, he said. "The best thing we can do now is to give our transport team the time and space to fix the problems."
However, Mr Lee noted that he already considered Singapore's transport system a "first-class" one, even if it could be "even better".
He quoted an article naming the four top cities in terms of train system reliability: "Hong Kong, Taipei, Los Angeles, Singapore".
"We're not the best - Hong Kong is better, Taipei is better," said Mr Lee.
"We will get better. But we must see our problems in perspective and we must therefore encourage our team: 'Work at it. Get there. We are with you'."
By Rabbi Micah Lapidus, Ed.D.
I recently picked up a copy of the book, “Teachings on Love,” by Thich Nhat Hanh. In the opening pages he says something that I've long thought but never been able to articulate quite so succinctly:
“If you are cut off from your roots, you cannot be happy.”
For me, one of the most compelling and subtle reasons why Jewish Day Schools are essential not only to the future thriving of the Jewish people, but to the happiness of every single Jew is expressed in this quote.
Too many Jews are disconnected from our roots. The way I've always thought about it is in terms of feeling at home within Judaism and not encountering your own heritage, faith tradition, and religion as if a stranger.
There's wisdom here. I think the concept of not being able to be happy if cut off from our roots applies no matter what those roots are. The roots can be family, faith, culture… anything that is core to how a person has arrived in the world with their unique signature and stamp.
Jewish people didn't ask to be born as Jews. But here we are! Judaism is a root in the life of every Jew whether we like it or not. I wonder if Jews whose families long ago severed those roots feel some sort of unhappiness or lack of wholeness even if they don't know their family's story. As I reflect on my childhood and adolescence growing up in Los Angeles I can anachronistically project the kind of unhappiness I'm thinking of onto several dear friends from those days. In contrast, I know several people who discovered Jewish heritage in their family and were profoundly transformed by this awareness and reconnecting. Those people are, as far as I can tell, happier for having reconnected.
So here's my claim: For the North American Jewish community of 2016, Jewish Day Schools, more than any other institutions in Jewish life, can help Jewish children and families experience the profound happiness that comes with being connected to our roots. That's because, if we extend the metaphor of roots, we see that Judaism is so vast, expansive, and all-encompassing that it's much more than roots, even more than a tree. Judaism is a forest. An ecosystem. Jews who aren't connected to their roots still end up navigating this forest, but without any sense of place, and, I suspect, not as happily as those that are connected. A forest can be a wonderful and nurturing space or a terrifying space depending on what you're doing there.
One thing I hear from Jewish Day School colleagues across North America is that the children in our schools exude a profound happiness. It's not the happiness of being given a new gadget or of being the best at everything they do. Instead it's the happiness with knowing that you are connected to your roots, and that your connection is real, strong, and evolving. In the terms that I used to think of it before I happily stumbled upon Thich Nhat Hanh, it's the happiness of the deepest homecoming infused with the knowledge that you will be welcomed home not as a stranger, but as part of the family.
Rabbi Micah Lapidus, Ed.D. is the Director of Jewish and Hebrew Studies at The Alfred & Adele Davis Academy, Atlanta's Reform Jewish Day School. He is a member of the board of the Central Conference of American Rabbis and an alum of DSLTI (Cohort 8).
cross-posted on Rabbi's Pen
FN Herstal is introducing a new baby to the FN SCAR family at Milipol 2017 in Paris; their FN SCAR-SC where SC stands for Subcompact Carbine.
There's a lot of AR domination on the market and online, so it feels great to be able to present something sweet like this once in a while.
My experience with the FN SCAR isn't huge, but I've tried both the model 16S and 17S a few times. In Europe they are crazy expensive and not very common, I know of only a few.
The 16S doesn't do so much for me, but shooting the FN SCAR 17S in 7,62×51 mm is always a Wow factor.
I was under the impression that there already was a FN SCAR PDW, but I'm not sure it reached production or not? The SCAR PDW is listed with a 170 mm (6.5″) barrel length, so FN has generously added an inch to the SC, and I'm sure anyone shoots 5,56 NATO with such short barrels wouldn't mind.
This is like the Honey Badger from FN Herstal, they just used another caliber.
From the FN Herstal Press Release:
New FN SCAR-SC Subcompact Carbine
FN SCAR rifles have a proud tradition of usage by US Special Forces. The 5.56x45mm (.223) caliber FN SCAR-SC builds on this heritage with an extremely compact design that's ideal for homeland security operations.
Specifically adapted for mobility and flexibility, the FN SCAR-SC has semi-auto only or selective fire capabilities, non-reciprocating charging handle and a wide range of add-ons.
This includes a red dot sight, tactical light, a variety of foregrips and a sound suppressor. All of these add-ons have been tested and certified by FN Herstal as providing reliable, durable performance in even the toughest circumstances.
The FN SCAR-SC comes with a telescopic buttstock as standard. Optional buttstocks include fixed, foldable, adjustable (length and height) with either concave or convex butt plate and a foldable offset buttstock for aiming and shooting with anti-riot or bulletproof helmet visor.
Existing users of FN SCAR will already be familiar with how to operate this rifle, minimizing training time.
Technical data (with telescopic buttstock):– Length: 536mm (21.10”) when fully retracted / 653mm (25.71”) when fully extended
– Weight: approx. 3.150 kg (approx. 6.94 lb)
– Barrel length: 190.5mm (7.5”)
– Magazine capacity: 30 rounds
– Cyclic rate of fire: 550-650 rounds per minute
Below: The FN SCAR-SC, note the selector with A – 1 – S. The flash hider looks quite small.
The collapsible stock looks like it got inspiration from B&T in Switzerland, see below for reference B&T assault rifle APC556 PDW cal. 5.56 x 45 mm. This is a great PDW stock.
“The flexible and mobile FN SCAR-SC and the entire FN SCAR range can be viewed at the FN Herstal stand at MILIPOL Paris 2017, during November 21-24.”
Other rifles in the FN SCAR family include the FN SCAR-L (5.56x45mm/.223) and FN SCAR-H (7.62x51m/.308) rifles, featuring interchangeable barrels, the under barrel or standalone FN40GL grenade launcher and the FN SCAR-H PR precision rifle.
The SCAR-SC fits very well into the FN Herstal “Portable Firearms” product group: http://www.fnherstal.com/products/portable-firearms
For the Russians, what matters is the countries' divergent paths in recent decades. They are acutely aware that even as Russia has endured many dark days in its transition to a market economy, China appears to have carried out a fairly similar shift more artfully.
The Russians also seem almost ashamed that their economy is highly dependent on oil, gas and other natural resources, as if Russia were a third world nation, while China excels at manufacturing products sought by the world.
“The accomplishments of China's Communist Party in developing its government deserve the highest marks,” Aleksandr D. Zhukov, a deputy prime minister and senior Putin aide, declared at the meeting with Chinese officials on Oct. 9 in the border city of Suifenhe, China, northwest of Vladivostok. “The practical experience they have should be intensely studied.”
Mr. Zhukov invited President Hu Jintao, general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party, to United Russia's convention, in November in St. Petersburg.
The meeting in Suifenhe capped several months of increased contacts between the political parties. In the spring, a high-level United Russia delegation visited Beijing for several days of talks, and United Russia announced that it would open an office in Beijing for its research arm.
The fascination with the Chinese Communist Party underscores United Russia's lack of a core philosophy. The party has functioned largely as an arm of Mr. Putin's authority, even campaigning on the slogan “Putin's Plan.” Lately, it has championed “Russian Conservatism,” without detailing what exactly that is.
Indeed, whether United Russia's effort to learn from the Chinese Communist Party is anything more than an intellectual exercise is an open question.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Whatever the motivation, Russia in recent years has started moving toward the Chinese model politically and economically. After the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, Russia plunged into capitalism haphazardly, selling off many industries and loosening regulation. Under Mr. Putin, the government has reversed course, seizing more control over many sectors.
Today, both countries govern with a potent centralized authority, overseeing economies with a mix of private and state industries, although the Russians have long seemed less disciplined in doing so.
Corruption is worse in Russia than China, according to global indexes, and foreign companies generally consider Russia's investment climate less hospitable as well, in part because of less respect for property rights.
Photo
Russia has also been unable to match China in modernizing roads, airports, power plants and other infrastructure. And Russia is grappling with myriad health and social problems that have reduced the average life expectancy for men to 60. One consequence is a demographic crisis that is expected to drag down growth.
The world financial crisis accentuated comparisons between the economies, drawing attention to Moscow's policies. In June, the World Bank projected that China's economy would grow by 7.2 percent in 2009, while Russia's would shrink by 7.9 percent.
Politically, Russia remains more open than China, with independent (though often co-opted) opposition parties and more freedom of speech. The most obvious contrast involves the Internet, which is censored in China but not in Russia.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Even so, Mr. Putin's political aides have long studied how to move the political system to the kind that took root for many decades in countries like Japan and Mexico, with a de facto one-party government under a democratic guise, political analysts said. The Russians tend to gloss over the fact that in many of those countries, long-serving ruling parties have fallen.
The Kremlin's strategy was apparent in regional elections last week, when United Russia lieutenants and government officials used strong-arm tactics to squeeze out opposition parties, according to nonpartisan monitoring organizations. United Russia won the vast majority of contests across the country.
Far behind was the Russian Communist Party, which styles itself as the successor to the Soviet one and has some popularity among older people. The Russian Communists have also sought to build ties to their Chinese brethren, but the Chinese leadership prefers to deal with Mr. Putin's party.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The regional elections highlighted how the Russian government and United Russia have become ever more intertwined. State-run television channels offer highly favorable coverage of the party, and the courts rarely if ever rule against it. United Russia leaders openly acknowledged that they wanted to study how the Chinese maintained the correct balance between the party and government.
“We are interested in the experience of the party and government structures in China, where cooperation exists between the ruling party and the judicial, legislative and executive authorities,” Vladimir E. Matkhanov, a deputy in Russia's Parliament, said at the Suifenhe meeting, according to a transcript.
United Russia praises the Chinese system without mentioning its repressive aspects. And the party's stance also appears to clash with repeated declarations by Mr. Putin, the former president and current prime minister, and President Dmitri A. Medvedev that Russia needs a robust multiparty system to thrive.
The two endorsed the results of Sunday's local elections, despite widespread reports of fraud, prompting opposition politicians to call their words hollow.
Sergei S. Mitrokhin, leader of Yabloko, a liberal, pro-Western party that was trounced, said the elections revealed the Kremlin's true aspirations. And the China talks made them all the more clear, Mr. Mitrokhin said.
“To me, the China meeting demonstrated that United Russia wants to establish a single-party dictatorship in Russia, for all time,” he said.
Throughout recent centuries, Russia has flirted with both the West and East, its identity never quite settled, and analysts said that under Mr. Putin, the political leadership had grown scornful of the idea that the country had to embrace Western notions of democracy or governing.
That in part stems from the backlash stirred in the 1990s, after the Soviet fall, when Russia faced economic hardship and political chaos, which many Putin supporters say the West helped to cause.
Dmitri Kosyrev, a political commentator for Russia's state news agency and author of detective novels set in Asia, said it was only natural that the Kremlin would cast its gaze to the East.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“When they discovered that there was a way to reform a formally socialist nation into something much better and more efficient, of course they would take note,” Mr. Kosyrev said. “Everyone here sees China as the model, because Russia is not the model.”
An unusual oolong with a fruity taste combined with a malt finish.
Satemwa have named this tea in honour of the explorer David Livingstone.
Sourced direct from Satemwa Tea Estate in Malawi who are dedicated to pushing the boundaries of great tea production while caring for the local environment, providing their employees a fair wage and contributing to the local community.
Tasting Notes:
- Smooth and thick texture
- Fruit taste followed by a malty finish
Harvest: Spring, March 2018
Altitude: 900m+
Origin: Satemwa Tea Estate, Shire Highlands, Malawi, Africa
Farmer: Alexander Kay
Sourced: Direct from the farmer
Percentage of price going back to the farmer: 15%+
Brewing Advice:
- Heat water to roughly 85°C/185°F
- Use 1-2 tsps per cup/small teapot
- Brew for 2 minutes
Packaging: Resealable ziplock bag
Location:
The strangest streets in Toronto are ones you might stumble upon and feel like you were in some different city, temporary lost while still broadly at home. They're not the ones with the weirdest names or necessarily filled with random odd houses, but in terms of general ambiance, this collection will thoroughly defamiliarize you.
Here are my picks for the strangest streets in Toronto.
You have a fence on one side, a mess of old and new homes on the other, and just that vibe, that weird vibe that is Toronto at its most odd and wonderful. No one planned this place; it built its character over time. Craven Road might be the most interesting street in Toronto.
Head down this hidden hill that terminates at an old sewage treatment plant. It's best at night in the fall when cars kick up the leaves strewn across the road and headlights illuminate the tree canopy. This is one of the hardest hills for cyclists in Toronto.
One of Toronto's prettiest cul-de-sacs, Wellesley Cottages is strange for its beauty and history. Entering the place is like walking into a time warp. This little community near St. James Town is a collection of workers' cottages that have been immaculately preserved. Exploration is discouraged because the lane is private property.
I love Blackburn St., but it has this profoundly unfinished feel to it. Overlooking the Don Valley and a Toronto Hydro substation, the houses here are a smattering of old cottages and anonymous new structures. The hodgepodge character here is everything that most Toronto streets are not - and the complete opposite of planned developments.
Curling around Pearson Airport, Convair Dr. has a unmistakably mysterious feel to it. Everything feels forbidden here, from the old security gates to the ILS equipment at the side of the road. The road cuts across airport property, but is open to the public. Just don't park here.
Ten years ago, the idea of the US government spying on its citizens, intercepting their emails or killing them with drones was unthinkable.
But now it's business as usual, says John Kiriakou, a former CIA agent and torture whistleblower.
–
–
Kiriakou is now awaiting a summons to start a prison sentence. One of the first to confirm the existence of Washington's waterboarding program, he was sentenced last week to two-and-a-half years in jail for revealing the name of an undercover agent. But even if he had another chance, he would have done the same thing again, Kiriakou told RT.
­RT: The judge, and your critics all seem to believe you got off lightly. Would you say you got off lightly?
JK: No, I would not say I got off lightly for a couple of very specific reasons. First of all, my case was not about leaking, my case was about torture. When I blew the whistle on torture in December 2007 the justice department here in the US began investigating me and never stopped investigating me until they were able to patch together a charge and force me into taking a plea agreement. And I'll add another thing too, when I took the plea in October of last year, the judge said that she thought the plea was fair and appropriate. But once the courtroom was packed full of reporters last Friday she decided that it was not long enough and if she had had the ability to she would have given me ten years.
RT: And why did you, a decorated CIA officer, take such a strong stance against an agency policy? Did you not consider that there might be some come-back?
JK: I did. I took a strong stance and a very public one and that's what got me into trouble. But honestly the only thing I would do differently is I would have hired an attorney before blowing the whistle. Otherwise I believe firmly even to this day I did the right thing.
RT: You have called it ironic that the first person to be convicted with regards to the torture program is the man who shed light on it. Do you believe the others, who put the program together, will ever face justice?
JK: I don't actually. I think that president Obama just like president Bush has made a conscious decision to allow the torturers, to allow the people who conceived of the tortures and implemented the policy, to allow the people who destroyed the evidence of the torture and the attorneys who used specious legal analysis to approve of the torture to walk free. And I think that once this decision has been made – that's the end of it and nobody will be prosecuted, except me.
RT: When you initially came out against torture, you said it was impractical and inefficient. Did you consider it immoral initially?
JK: I said in 2002 that it was immoral. When I returned from Pakistan to CIA headquarters early in the summer 2002, I was asked by a senior officer in the CIA's counter-terrorist center if I wanted to be trained in the use of torture techniques, and I told him that I had a moral problem with these techniques. I believed that they were wrong and I didn't want to have anything to do with the torture program.
RT: It's no secret that Obama's administration has been especially harsh on whistleblowers. But can the US afford leniency, in these security-sensitive times?
JK: I think this is exactly what the problem is. In this post 9/11 atmosphere that we find ourselves in we have been losing our civil liberties incrementally over the last decade to the point where we don't even realize how much of a police state the United States has become.
Ten years ago the thought of the National Security Agency spying on American citizens and intercepting their emails would have been anathema to Americans and now it's just a part of normal business.
The idea that our government would be using drone aircraft to assassinate American citizens who have never seen the inside of a courtroom, who have never been charged with a crime and have not had due process which is their constitutional right would have been unthinkable. And it is something now that happens every year, every so often, every few weeks, every few months and there is no public outrage. I think this is a very dangerous development.
RT: Obama's tough stance, and harsh punishments for whistleblowers, has sent a message. Is he winning his fight against those who speak out?
JK: I don't think he is winning this fight against whistleblowers, at least not over the long term, and I'll tell you why.
President Obama has now charged seven people with violations of the Espionage Act. All previous presidents in American history combined only charged three people with violating the Espionage Act. And the Espionage Act is a WWI-era act that was meant to deter German saboteurs during that First World War. And now it is being used to silence critics of the government.
But so far all seven of these cases that have made their way into a courtroom have either collapsed of have been dismissed, including mine. All of the three espionage charges against me were dropped.
So, I think frankly the Obama administration is cheapening the Espionage Act. The Espionage Act should be used to prosecute spies and traitors, not to prosecute whistleblowers or people who are exercising their first amendment right to free speech.
RT: Do we still need whistleblowers? Are we going to see more of them coming out?
JK: I think we will see more whistleblowers and I think we need whistleblowers now more than ever before. Whether it's in national security or whether it is in the banking industry, the American people have a right to know when there is evidence of waste, fraud, abuse, or illegality. If the Justice Department is not going to prosecute these cases, at the very least the American people need to know.
German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel and Chancellor Angela Merkel at the weekly federal Cabinet meeting | Adam Berry/Getty Images SPD's Sigmar Gabriel won't take on Merkel The Social Democrat leader says Martin Schulz has a better chance of beating Angela Merkel.
Sigmar Gabriel will not challenge Angela Merkel for the German chancellorship in this year's elections and has proposed former European Parliament President Martin Schulz as the Social Democrats' candidate instead.
Gabriel described it as his "duty as party leader" to step aside in favor of Schulz, who was given a much better chance in the elections by internal party polling that the SPD leader commissioned.
"It was not an easy decision but I'm convinced it was the right decision," Gabriel told reporters late Tuesday.
“If I stood in the elections, I would fail and so would the SPD,” Stern quoted Gabriel as saying. Gabriel, who is currently vice chancellor and economy minister as well as chairman of the SPD, will hand the party leadership over to Schulz as well.
Gabriel's decision, which he revealed in interviews with Stern magazine and the weekly Die Zeit, came as a surprise even to his closest party allies. Though he had been struggling with the decision for months, most of his associates assumed he would take up the party mantle.
In recent months he appeared to be laying the rhetorical groundwork for a run. He even allowed a TV documentary maker to follow him and his family for an intensely personal film about his life and political ambitions. His wife speculated openly about what life would be like if he became chancellor.
"I didn't think he was the type to commit suicide before death," one longtime colleague said.
In explaining his decision internally, Gabriel cited polls he commissioned which indicated that he would lose a head-to-head confrontation with Merkel. Nonetheless, he was torn, party colleagues say. The same studies indicated most Germans thought he was capable of executing the office. In other words, Germans thought he could do the job. They just didn't like him.
He was also angered by what he considered the media's violation his privacy. Before Christmas, Gabriel, a corpulent figure who suffers from diabetes, underwent surgery to reduce the size of his stomach. A report of the procedure appeared in the tabloid Bild newspaper.
Gabriel's dilemma was that he had virtually no realistic possibility to close the massive gap between the SPD and Merkel's conservatives. Yet Gabriel also knew that he would not be able to hold onto the party leadership if he didn't run, his associates said. He managed to avoid running in 2013 by fielding former finance minister Peer Steinbrück as the party's candidate. The party finished a distant second.
Difficult times
After nearly eight years at the helm of Germany's oldest party, not running running this time around was not an option for Gabriel, a protege of former chancellor Gerhard Schröder.
At the same time, Gabriel, a career politician who came up through the party's youth organization, didn't want to leave politics altogether. Married with one child and another on the way, he was keen to retain an influential and lucrative position as a minister, his colleagues say. He saw an opening to step from the party leadership after he succeeded in maneuvering current Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier into position for the German presidency. Steinmeier is expected to be elected by Germany's parliament and regional representatives next month. That would pave the way for Gabriel to succeed him in a position that is generally considered the second-most prestigious in the German government.
"In these difficult times, the country needs new leadership," Schulz said at a press conference in Berlin. "There will be no Europe-bashing from me," he added, saying he would fight against populism and "enemies of democracy" as "Social Democrats have always done."
Brigitte Zypries, who is a minister in Gabriel's department, is to take over the economy portfolio.
Merkel's conservatives are far ahead of the SPD in voter intentions for September's elections. In the latest Deutschlandtrend poll, support for the combined Christian Democrats and Christian Social Union stood at 37 percent, with the SPD trailing far behind with 20 percent. The far-right Alternative für Deutschland were third in the poll at 15 percent.
Peter Tauber, the general secretary of Merkel's Christian Democrats, said they were relaxed about the SPD's decision as they had "better arguments, better policies and better candidates."
He said on Twitter that the party would go into the campaign with a moderate and centrist message.
SPD parliamentary leader Thomas Oppermann said Gabriel had "put the interests of the party ahead of his own."
But Andreas Scheuer, general secretary of the Christian Social Union, Merkel's Bavarian allies, said Gabriel had left behind "a heap of rubble" and Schulz was the candidate of last resort.
Alternative für Deutschland leader Frauke Petry branded Schulz a "symbol of EU bureaucracy and a deeply divided Europe."
Professor Ann Collins Johns at the University of Texas at Austin was just as peeved as many people were about President Barack Obama's knock on art history majors. So she did what any self-assured art historian would do and wrote a letter to Obama on January 31, shortly after the President's remarks, and sent it using the White House website. Then came the surprising part: Obama responded with a handwritten note on February 12.
Johns told Hyperallergic that she did not save her original email because she posted it via the White House website:
However, I'm pretty sure that my email was not so much one of outrage at his statement, but rather a “look at what we do well” statement. I emphasized that we challenge students to think, read, and write critically. I also stressed how inclusive our discipline is these days (even though my own specialty is medieval and Renaissance Italy).
Asked for permission to reproduce the letter, Johns wanted to make it clear that she loves Obama. “What I did NOT expect is that THE MAN HIMSELF would write me an apology. So now I'm totally guilty about wasting his time,” she wrote on her Facebook profile page.
Here is Obama's response, written on official White House letterhead then scanned and sent to Johns by email. We've transcribed the text below; the White House let the professor know that the original will be mailed to her shortly.
Ann — Let me apologize for my off-the-cuff remarks. I was making a point about the jobs market, not the value of art history. As it so happens, art history was one of my favorite subjects in high school, and it has helped me take in a great deal of joy in my life that I might otherwise have missed. So please pass on my apology for the glib remark to the entire department, and understand that I was trying to encourage young people who may not be predisposed to a four year college experience to be open to technical training that can lead them to an honorable career. Sincerely, Barack Obama
With reporting and contributions by Hrag Vartanian
h/t Andy Campbell, Senior Lecturer in Art History at Texas State University
HODINKEE contributor John Mayer really dug the Black Bay especially, and the though again, they're not every vintage dive watch lover's brand of vodka, in general each one has opened to rave reviews.
So far, we really like what we see with the Black Bay Bronze. It's cut to the same general pattern as the other Black Bays – snowflake hands; big crown; clean, clear-cut design. But this time around, we have a case in brushed aluminum-bronze alloy, with a brownish bezel and dial ("tropical" if you like) that really picks up both the color of the bezel and dial, and the gold coloration of the hands, absolutely beautifully. One big difference between this and other Black Bays is the case; another is the addition of numerals at 3,6, and 9. Another is that the lugs on this Black Bay are drilled (and as Mayer mentions in his Hands On, that is one thing we really wish we'd seen on previous BBs – better late than never).
The other big news is that this is the first version of the Black Bay that's going to be offered with Tudor's own in-house movement. The very first Tudor in-house movement was of course MT5621, which debuted in the Tudor North Flag, a watch that I liked very much, and which I think has been a bit overlooked thanks to its more easily digestible cousins.
You may have read about this on IGN a few days ago when we launched the Kickstarter campaign, but only in the last 24 hours has The Ship To Shore PhonoCo record label raised enough money, $42,000, to officially license, manufacture, and release the Mother, also known as "Earthbound Zero," OST (actually, the original arranged soundtrack) on vinyl. What's also exciting is that Fangamer and EarthBound Central, have endorsed us and been fantastic promotional partners for the campaign.
Some more details from Aaron Hamel, Ship to Shore Co-Founder:
[The Mother OST] was no ordinary video game soundtrack. Composers Hirozaku "Hip" Tanaka (Super Mario Bros., Metroid) and Keiichi Suzuki (Tokyo Godfathers, Zatoichi: The Blind Swordsman), with help from the likes of avant-garde composer David Bedford and film composer Michael Nyman, recorded several tracks from the MOTHER soundtrack with full orchestration and, in several cases, English vocals from various European musicians, including Louis Philippe, Jeb A Million, The St. Paul's Cathedral Choir and a young unknown named Catherine Warwick.
In addition to standard black, the limited edition red variant sold out within hours on our launch day and we have since introduced a white edition (voted on by contributors - in a nod to the final boss) for those that missed out. Our other incentives, Mother pins, sticker, getting your name in the digital liner notes, and original fan art - which are quite beautiful - have also been selling like hot cakes!
Advertisement
Though we've hit our goal, some really exciting stretch goals are in the works. If we hit $60k (we're currently at $46k as of noon on 3/14), the packaging of the records themselves will get a major overhaul. This will include a nostalgic OBI strip on the record jacket, as well as quality embossing of the lettering, and the addition of a physical accompanying booklet that will include liners notes featuring the names of contributors. We hope to do more stretch goals as well...
We apologize in advance for the shameless self-promotion, but at the same time, we understand how hard it is to come by official Mother merchandises these days, and our first priority has to been to make something we, as true fans, would sincerely love to have ourselves. In short, if you're a Mother fan, we thought you might be interested in this. And we hope to to release more Mother and game soundtracks in the future, and on different formats well.
Advertisement
Visit our Kickstarter page for all the details. If you have any questions, comments, or want to stay updated on the campaign, please email us at motherost@gmail.com
—-
ABOUT SHIP TO SHORE— Started by avid record collectors Justin A. Martell and Aaron Hamel, the Ship to Shore Phonograph Co. is a boutique record label dedicated to finding and releasing hard-to-find, previously unreleased, and new to format music on vinyl and other physical format. The company's first release, labeled "one of the strangest releases of the century" by Shindig Magazine, was an Edison Wax Cylinder release of the unreleased Tiny Tim track "(Nobody Can Love Me Like) My Old Tomato Can". Our second release, the soundtrack to Troma Entertainment's 1986 cult classic film The Class of Nuke 'Em High, was released in December 2014.
October 28, 2017—President Trump is poised to shrink the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante national monuments, according to lawmaker Orrin Hatch. The Republican senator from Utah said he received a call from Trump on October 27, during which the president said he planned to approve the Interior Department's recommendation to downsize the national monuments. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders did not confirm the details of that call, but said that Trump would announce his decision during a visit to Utah in December.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke says he will recommend to President Trump that none of 27 national monuments under review be abolished. But he will propose downsizing a “handful” of monuments, including Bears Ears National Monument in southern Utah, which he announced earlier in the summer.
The changes to that handful will trigger a legal challenge and political fight in Congress. Conservationists, who feared the sweeping nature of Trump's review would lead to substantial reductions in the size of large monuments in the West, say they will challenge those boundary readjustments in court. Meanwhile, Republicans in the House of Representatives who had urged Trump to take stronger action and revoke multiple monuments outright say they will now promote legislation to limit presidential powers in creating monuments.
“Congress never intended for one individual to be given the power to unilaterally dictate land management policies for large swaths of land,” Utah Rep. Rob Bishop, chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee, said in a briefing after Zinke's recommendations were announced. “Bears Ears is double the size of the state of Rhode Island. Grand Staircase is three times the size of Rhode Island.”
Zinke, who told the Associated Press in Billings, Montana, about the recommendations, did not detail which monuments he has proposed to reconfigure. The Washington Post reported that Grand Staircase-Escalante, also in southern Utah, and Cascade-Siskiyou in southern Oregon are targeted for shrinking. The two Utah monuments, which comprise a total of 3.05 million acres combined, are largely believed to have triggered the monument review. The Utah congressional delegation asked Trump to abolish both. Bears Ears was created by President Obama last year; Grand Staircase was created by President Clinton in 1996.
In the run-up to Zinke's recommendation, he had announced earlier that six monuments will remain intact:
Hanford Reach in Washington state, Upper Missouri Breaks in Montana, Craters of the Moon in Idaho, Sand to Snow in Southern California, Grand Canyon-Parashant in Arizona, and Canyons of the Ancients in Colorado.
Trump's decision to examine so many monuments also fueled the long-running dispute over public lands that has flared in recent years with armed standoffs in Nevada between rancher Cliven Bundy and the Bureau of Land Management over unpaid grazing fees, and in Oregon, where anti-government protesters occupied the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge for 41 days in 2016. (Learn more about these controversies.)
The monument review prompted public protests in some of the states that contain the monuments under review, and drew more than 2.8 million comments during the public comment period—one of the largest public responses to Interior Department action in the agency's history. The majority of the comments, Zinke said, favored maintaining existing monuments.
“The Trump monument review has become a fundamental fight about the value of our public lands and we are reopening a question that was settled a long time ago,” says Sharon Buccino, director of land and wildlife programs at the Natural Resources Defense Council, an organization of lawyers and scientists who promote environmental issues. “It is part of our identity as Americans to protect some of our lands. That is what is at the root of this fight.”
What the Antiquities Act Allows
Presidential authority to create national monuments flows from the Antiquities Act, signed into law by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1906. No president has ever revoked an established national monument. Until Trump, none ordered such a broad review of existing monuments.
Roosevelt created 18 national monuments and his legacy as the nation's conservation president is often channeled by Zinke, a former Navy SEAL who served as Montana's at-large congressman before Trump named him to head Interior. Zinke mentions Roosevelt three times in his Interior Department biography, where he also vows to “faithfully uphold Teddy Roosevelt's belief that our treasured public lands are ‘for the benefit and enjoyment of the people.'”
Zinke declined to release the full report of his recommendations. In a two-page summary, he said that “no president should … restrict public access, prevent hunting and fishing, burden private land, or eliminate traditional land uses…” except to protect the scientific or historical artifacts contained within the monument's boundaries.
Zinke also noted that the overwhelming majority of comments favoring maintaining the monuments “demonstrated a well-orchestrated national campaign organized by multiple organizations,” while opponents who favored rescinding or modifying monuments tended to be local residents or those associated with grazing, logging, mining, hunting, fishing, and motorized recreation.
The Center for Biological Diversity, a conservation nonprofit group based in Tucson, Arizona, filed Freedom of Information Act requests that the report be made public.
It's All About Size
Monument size has clearly been a point of contention. All but one of the 27 monuments under review contain 100,000 acres or more. In signing an Executive Order calling for the analysis, Trump took aim at Obama, who created or expanded more monuments (34) and protected more acreage than any other president (550 million acres), although most of that acreage is in five marine monuments. The Antiquities Act, Trump said, “does not give the federal government unlimited power to lock up millions of acres of land and water, and it's time that we ended this abusive practice.”
Rep. Bishop emphasized size as well. “It was widely understood that the Antiquities Act was to be limited as a tool for presidents,” he said. “It was not a wholesale delegation of power from Congress.”
Still, legal experts say the president's authority to determine monument size was settled by the Supreme Court in 1907, after Roosevelt's creation of the Grand Canyon National Monument was challenged by mining interests. They argued Roosevelt had violated a clause of the four-paragraph law that requires monuments to be “the smallest area compatible with … the objects to be protected.” The Supreme Court ruled in favor of Roosevelt, finding that the president's authority extends to determining a monument's size.
What the law does not make clear are boundary adjustments. Monument boundaries have been redrawn about 20 times by multiple presidents. Most of the changes were minor and none have been challenged in court. The fate of the monument boundaries Trump may redraw remains uncertain.
Bishop and Trump also complained that Obama and Clinton had abused presidential power by creating monuments without adequately involving the public, although the Antiquities Act does not require public involvement. Obama created Bears Ears after five years of public meetings, which also involved negotiations between five tribes that first proposed the monument to protect the West's largest collection of tribal artifacts, as well as Utah lawmakers who also sought to protect Bears Ears, but on a smaller scale.
When Clinton created Grand Staircase, he kept the Utah congressional delegation in the dark until it was too late. They learned the news at the same time as the public, infuriating them. Creating the Grand Staircase put a lucrative seam of coal deep inside the monument out of reach of miners. But it's not as if the monument size and boundaries haven't been examined before now. The Utah Association of Counties sought unsuccessfully to overturn the monument in court. Congress has also already readjusted the monument's boundaries with legislation that involved a substantial land exchange and federal payment to the State of Utah.
“To me, once Congress has put its stamp of approval on that sort of land exchange, it's only Congress that can change that,” says Robert Keiter, director of the Wallace Stegner Center of Land Resources and the Environment at the University of Utah's law school. ”The president does not have authority in the face of congressional action, given that Congress has unlimited authority over public lands under the Constitution.”
The head of Ocean Conservancy says a burgeoning middle class and low recycling rates could lead to not-even-remotely-acceptable levels of trash washed out to sea
We could end up with 'as much plastic in our oceans as fish'
A failure to address the mountains of waste in the developing world will result in as much plastic in our oceans as fish, the head of Ocean Conservancy has warned.
Andreas Merkl, CEO of the Washington-based environmental NGO, said the combination in the developing world of a burgeoning middle class and low recycling rates will lead to an exponential rise in the amount of plastic washed out to sea.
If governments and the private sector fail to solve this problem, “we end up with an ocean that has an amount of plastic that's in the same order of magnitude as the amount of fish, in terms of tonnes”, Merkl told Guardian Sustainable Business.
“We have enormous uncertainty about what that actually means, but it is a situation where you cannot call yourself an ocean conservationist or any person that cares about the ocean and find that even remotely acceptable.”
There are currently estimated to be around 800m tonnes of fish in the oceans and 100m to 150m tonnes of plastic. This is increasing by around 20m tonnes a year, but that growth is expected to accelerate as far greater numbers of people are able to afford to buy products that are made with, or packaged in, plastic.
The oceans are warming so fast, they keep breaking scientists' charts | John Abraham Read more
Plastic is not just harming the marine environment, but also providing a huge economic cost to fishermen and tourism, Catherine Novelli, US undersecretary of state for economic growth, energy and the environment, said at a private meeting at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, last week.
Novelli said the problems were becoming particularly acute in regions – such as parts of Asia – that have a huge middle class, but trash collection of only around 40%, compared with 95% in the US.
Pointing to the circular economy – the idea of turning trash into raw materials for new products – as one of the key solutions, she said: “We need to have a real economic analysis of the entire supply chain and target what needs to be done and work with friendly governments and cities to show what practically can be done. You have to bring it to reality otherwise everyone despairs.”
It's important for business leaders and policymakers to come out of their separate silos and work together on solutions, Novelli said, adding that there is an opportunity to partner with big and influential countries like China and India to redesign the world economy.
“We all have the same issues of what is threatening us,” she said. “There are different perspectives, but that is all to the good.”
In the search for practical solutions, the Trash Free Seas Alliance, a collaboration between industry and NGOs, is planning to carry out detailed studies in three or four countries, with a particular emphasis on Asia.
Merkl says the plan is to “really dig into the economics of collection and recycling so that people will find it profitable to collect and to separate. The fact is that even at a scavenger economy level of daily wages, recycling these types of plastics are currently not worthwhile, which is why so much just ends up going in the ocean. The question, then, is how do we fundamentally change that.”
Water is far more valuable and useful than oil Read more
He said it was disingenuous to seek a ban on non-recyclable flexible plastic, like cellophane, as it is an “enormous accelerator in lifestyles”. Not only does wrapping food reduce the spread of typhoid, but single-use containers gives people access to clean water.
Fortunately, Merkl said the issue is starting to rise up the political agenda, helped by the sight of giant gyres of marine debris and by people from the developed world going on beach holidays and finding plastics clinging to their bodies.
There is also growing concern about the toxicity of fish that end up eating small fragments of plastic, which they mistake for plankton.
It's a health issue,” Merkl said. “It's an equity issue. It's a land pollution issue and it's an ocean pollution issue. “For example, between 50m to 60m individual sachets of water are thrown away every day in Nigeria alone. If you go to Lagos, they're drowning in sachets and they are clogging the drainage system.”
While improving collection and recycling is the quickest way to drive change, Merkl insisted that plastics companies and consumer goods firms also must act decisively.
“We would love to see a simplification of the plastics used,” he said. “We'd like to see less colour and an end to gluing sleeves of advertising around plastic containers. So there's a bunch of design work that we can do and is very, very important.”
Circular economy: the top five stories of 2014 Read more
Ellen MacArthur, who broke the world record for the fastest solo circumnavigation of the globe and is now a leading activist in creating a circular economy, also said changes in all sectors of society are needed.
She is encouraging private companies and cities to collaborate to ensure that “everything has value to the economy in the future” and does not just get thrown away.
Bill McDonough, the US designer and author who believes we can design materials, systems, companies and products that continuously improve over time, said the Chinese were starting to take the lead in turning the circular economy from an idea into reality.
McDonough, the co-creator of the cradle-to-cradle design concept, said the authorities in Beijing are currently moving from “promoting the circular economy to implementing it”.
We need to design things that are valuable for next use and stop using the words ‘end of life',” he said. “Being less bad is not being good. We need to start from the mindset of what would plastics look like if the ocean is fabulous.”
The water hub is funded by Grundfos. All content is editorially independent except for pieces labelled “brought to you by”. Find out more here.
Just before the end of its 2016 session, the Florida Legislature approved a bill to go to Gov. Rick Scott that has put the Florida Bar in an odd quandary: The Bar's Family Law section is now urging the governor to veto a bill that, for the most part, it wrote, lobbied for and wanted to see pass this year.
The bill, an alimony-reform effort, is probably the most quietly contentious piece of legislation that has worked its way through the Statehouse this year. It hasn't been big news, the way that fracking or gambling have been, but it's been bitterly debated in legislative committees and on social media, and people on both sides of the debate – those for alimony reform, and those against – have a lot at stake in the battle.
On one side are alimony recipients, many of them women who gave up working for years to raise children and help their former husbands excel in their careers. On the other are alimony payers – mostly men, though there are some women in their midst – who feel they shouldn't have to pay their former spouses for the rest of their lives and that the current system is bleeding them dry.
If the reform measure is signed, the bill would alter the way courts determine alimony – it would give judges guidelines to decide alimony payments, limit the duration of alimony to recipients, eliminate "lifetime" alimony and spell out specific circumstances under which alimony awards may be modified or terminated. That's something that Tom Sasser, an attorney from West Palm Beach and the former chairman of the Family Law section of the Florida Bar Association, who's serving as the bar's alimony spokesman this year, says has been sorely needed in Florida for a long time.
"There are no guidelines that exist today for alimony," he says. "There's a list of factors the court is to consider, but they are not arithmetical. We say certain types of alimony are available for certain length of marriages, but we don't do a guideline. It's highly discretionary in Florida, and that's what the bill seeks to change. ... It gives a framework to negotiate in, so you're not dealing with extremes. That was really the biggest driving force behind this. Before, you were dealing with high levels of variability, and it was varying from county to county, courtroom to courtroom."
However, the bill also contains troublesome provisions. Among those, Sasser says, is a last-minute addition that eliminates guidelines for marriages that lasted more than 20 years and in those cases encourages judges to "equalize" income of the two former spouses. Sasser says that the whole point of the bill was to keep alimony awards from being arbitrary and wildly inconsistent, and that clause contradicts its very purpose. The other onerous portion deals with parenting, urging judges to presume that when children are involved in a divorce situation, both parents are equally fit to raise them and should have 50-50 custody. Sasser says the Family Law section of the bar unequivocally opposes that provision.
"The court should look at the children and determine what is best for them, regardless of what's best for the parents," he says.
Some alimony recipients – many of them women who say they spent their best working years supporting husbands and families – see other problems with the bill, too. Take Ann Dwyer of Longwood, for instance. She's a 71-year-old who was married for 20 years and moved around the country whenever her husband took a new job. She worked a little bit, she says, but her primary role was to take care of the family so her husband could focus on work.
"We were married in 1967, and we both had undergrad degrees," she says. "He left in 1988, and it took me four years to get a good job. ... Between 1988 and 1992, I had to go back to school because my degree meant nothing."
Even worse, she says, is that she worked so little during the time she was married that she didn't earn much in the way of Social Security, so she doesn't have that to rely on. Alimony recipients receive half of their former spouse's Social Security upon retirement, as well, but Dwyer says she still works 25 hours a week to make ends meet, and she doesn't think she'll ever have enough money to retire. The new alimony bill eliminates what's called "permanent" alimony and allows payers who are of retirement age to request that alimony payments end when they're ready to stop working – a luxury that Dwyer says she never expects to enjoy.
"I am 71 and still working, even though I do get my alimony," she says.
One provision of the alimony bill particularly rankles her, she says, and it's a clause that notes that as little as a 10 percent increase in income can be enough for an alimony payer to request a modification of an alimony agreement. If, for instance, a woman making $10 an hour gets a $1 per hour raise at the job she takes trying to get back on her feet after divorce, her ex-husband could take her to court to reduce her alimony payment.
Sasser and the bill's supporters say this law is not retroactive – it states that it only applies to alimony arrangements in process or made after the bill's effective date of Oct. 1, 2016, and it does not automatically modify existing alimony agreements. The bill's language also states that its passage may not be the "sole basis" for alimony payers to seek modifications to alimony arrangements, which Sasser says will still be subject to the laws on the books when the original alimony agreement was made, because the bill itself does not constitute a "substantial change in circumstances" required for modification. He says that concerns that the law will alter existing agreements are unfounded.
However, Dwyer says the language in the bill is tricky – it says that a party is entitled to seek "immediate modification" in alimony if the recipient gets that 10 percent raise because, according to the bill, that would be considered a "substantial change in circumstances." She fears that attorneys and judges may interpret the 10 percent clause as grounds to take former spouses back to court to strike a better deal.
"I make $15 an hour working for a divorce attorney," says Jan Killilea, a Boca Raton woman who divorced in 2009 after 25 years of marriage. She says that she moved nine times over the course of her marriage to follow her husband's career. "Now, if I get a 10 percent increase in my pay, my ex-husband, who made $365,000 last year, can take me in for a modification."
Killilea, who formed an organization called First Wives Advocacy Group to support women receiving alimony, has been extremely outspoken in her opposition to the bill. She's been interviewed by NPR, testified before the Legislature and started Facebook groups where women like her can meet and talk about their situations. In exchange for her advocacy, she's been cyberbullied on social media – a search for her name on Facebook turns up posts in which a group called the First Husbands Alimony Group posts photos of her and criticizes her for going out, traveling and skiing. In one of its posts, the First Husbands group calls lifetime alimony recipients "parasites with entitlement problems."
Killilea says that she's not completely opposed to alimony reform, but she says if it happens, it needs to be comprehensive and it needs to be fair to all parties. She points out that, even though some alimony payers refuse to make alimony (or even child-support) payments, this bill doesn't strengthen enforcement. It also changes the law so that alimony can be challenged if recipients are involved in what can be called a "supportive" relationship – current law requires cohabitation or marriage in order for alimony to be terminated – but it doesn't really define what supportive should mean, leaving it up to the courts to determine based on a variety of factors.
Sasser says that many of the concerns that alimony recipients have had over the bill are premature. He says that currently, judges' decisions can unfairly impact either alimony recipients or payers, and the new law gives both sides some reasonable expectations about the process.
"A lot of people have made the comment, 'Oh my God, this is going to leave women without any money,'" he says. "But that is not what these guidelines do. ... What we have proposed is based on guidelines used in other states and countries, and they have not done all of the horrible things people claim. In other jurisdictions where these guidelines have been applied, people have made the same arguments, and you know what? It didn't happen."
However, there is that child-care portion of the law. Under a 50-50 shared-parenting agreement, the assumption is that both parents are equally fit to care for children, and all costs are split based on how many nights children stay with each parent. If one of the parents chooses not to use his or her allotted time with their kids, critics point out, the burden falls to the other parent to care for them and still cover their full share of the cost of caring for them. Carey Hoffman, a divorced mom and advocate for women receiving alimony, points out that the new law leaves kids vulnerable to the whims of disgruntled parents going through a contentious divorce.
"It starts at 50-50, then you have to present evidence saying why it's not working," she says, but it's costly to go to court repeatedly and most working parents can't afford it. So in the end, the kids suffer. "The system is already not working, and this legislation is just creating more flaws. There are many family-court issues that need to be dealt with, and they need to take care of the other issues first."
Sasser agrees that the child-care clause of the bill is fraught, and even if the bar's Family Law section could get past the 20-year-marriage addition to the bill, it cannot overlook the child-care portion. He says it puts the Family Law section of the Bar into the "unenviable position of opposing legislation that it supported."
"It's very frustrating, because the section worked very hard on the alimony piece, and really does want it to pass," he says. "But it also feels very strongly about children. The No. 1 rule in the family court system is children come first. So [the Family Law section of the bar] is willing to fight its own alimony legislation to protect the best interests of children."
It was one of the weirdest spectacles in a show known for weird spectacles: A giant Hello Kitty character appearing in the “RuPaul's Drag Race” workroom Monday, the five remaining competitors stunned at the prospect of having to create couture looks from Hello Kitty dolls, branded-clothing and other bits of swag.
In some ways, it was the epitome of “Drag Race” challenges: a spoof of high-fashion and kidding-not-kidding over-the-top marketing. But for Marlboro native Brian McCook, who performs under the name Katya, it would prove the end of a successful run in the drag queen competition.
“I was freaking out,” says McCook, who struggled in the episode to cobble a look together from the pieces of Hello Kitty ephemera. “I looked at the table of materials and I was just like, ‘I don't know what I'm going to do with all this stuff.' ”
McCook didn't expect to be stymied by a design challenge — he says he can sew and makes his own costumes. But he says the design challenges were the ones that were the most stressful for him, as it's an activity he prefers to do slowly, at his own pace. Doing that sort of work under time pressure under the scrutiny of cameras proved daunting.
“To be fair, any design challenge we would have, at that point, freaked me out,” says McCook. “I was so at the end of my rope. If it had been an acting challenge I would have been fine … It was one of those points where my brain stopped working and I was so stressed out I couldn't deal.”
By the time McCook found himself lip syncing against fellow competitor Kennedy Davenport to Katy Perry's “Roar,” McCook knew it was over.
“I knew I was going home,” he said “I knew Kennedy was going to kill me. … I think Ru thought it was my time to go, and I think I put that vibe out there. It was the right thing to do. Kennedy wanted it more than me, to be honest.”
For many commentators, most notably the fashion and pop culture bloggers on the Tom and Lorenzo: Fabulous & Opinionated website, the real tragedy of Katya's exit is that, as was the common refrain, “she was the only one who was funny.”
“Well, first of all, I think that's not true,” says McCook, “but that makes me feel so good … especially as I walked away feeling I wasn't as funny as I could have been.”
McCook was afraid that audiences wouldn't get his sense of humor … a fear that definitely proved erroneous.
“The public has been very supportive,” he says. “My instinct in the show was to be myself, and I think that turned out to be the right one. My sense of humor is, like, relentlessly self-deprecating. I don't get offended by anything. … I take not taking myself seriously very, very seriously.”
One obstacle that McCook faced during the course of the competition is that he had been sober for just over a year at the time of filming.
“That was probably the biggest challenge,” he says. “I knew it was going to be tough, but I didn't know it was going to be that tough. It was more challenging than I imagined.”
McCook disclosed his sobriety on screen in a conversation between himself and fellow competitor Miss Fame.
“It was interesting,” says McCook, of being able to share that experience with a competitor. “It helped. The way that I described it, you're in a foreign country, you find someone who speaks your language … at the same time, in the competition together, and we were very different queens.”
McCook, who is not spoiled for next week's semi-final episode, suspects that competitors Ginger Minj or Violet Chachki will win, but “I have no idea what happens, so that's exciting for me.”
For his part, though, McCook cherishes the time he spent on the competition, and has been busily touring the country. On Friday, he leaves Boston for Los Angeles, to tape the “Drag Race” reunion show, and then will fly directly to Australia to perform.
“It's great,” he says of the experience, admitting that he's not down at all about exiting the competition. “It feels wonderful. It's a bummer, but I think that, obviously, I didn't win, but I feel like I already won.”
By Brandon Turbeville
It was evident early on that the US bombing of alleged ISIS targets inside Syria was, in reality, an attempt to support the terrorist organization backed by NATO and the US as opposed to an attempt to defeat it. While such a suggestion has been repeatedly labeled as a “conspiracy theory” by the mainstream media and other gatekeepers in the “independent” media, the fruits of America's labor in terms of the bombing campaign cannot be ignored. Likewise, neither can the world ignore the results of Saudi Arabia's bombing of Yemen.
The truth is that the United States, NATO, and the GCC/Arab League are bombing in couched support of ISIS, increasing its gains and hold on power with every sortie fired. With this fact recognized, the NATO/GCC network of national governments can now officially be labeled as the Air Force of Al-Qaeda.
For instance, while the secular government of Bashar al-Assad remained the only force inside Syria actually fighting al-Qaeda and ISIS – terrorist organizations trained, funded, armed, and deployed by the United States, NATO, and the GCC – the brutality of these death squads was used by the Western propaganda machine to justify a bombing campaign that was actually directed at Syrian military and civilian infrastructure.
These strikes were launched against Syrian oil refineries (see here also), bridges, civilian neighborhoods, warehouses, agricultural centers, and grain silos. Others were made strategically against infrastructure that was set to soon be taken back by the Syrian military after long-fought battles with the terrorists.
Likewise, the US bombing campaign in Iraq has had much more to do with protecting Western-owned oil fields and death squad herding than eliminating ISIS. In fact, Iraqi armed forces and government officials have repeatedly revealed that the US military has actually been supplying ISIS during the entire course of the bombing.
Yet while the Western mainstream press has attempted to paint the Iraqi claims of American assistance to ISIS as “conspiracy theories” and the manifestation of jealousy, that same press has been forced to admit that the bombing campaign has resulted in a stronger ISIS presence in Iraq and Syria and that the terrorist group has become stronger in terms of strategic location and military presence.
As the Daily Beast reported in January of 2015,
American jets are pounding Syria. But ISIS is taking key terrain—and putting more and more people under its black banners. ISIS continues to gain substantial ground in Syria, despite nearly 800 airstrikes in the American-led campaign to break its grip there. At least one-third of the country's territory is now under ISIS influence, with recent gains in rural areas that can serve as a conduit to major cities that the so-called Islamic State hopes to eventually claim as part of its caliphate. Meanwhile, the Islamic extremist group does not appear to have suffered any major ground losses since the strikes began. The result is a net ground gain for ISIS, according to information compiled by two groups with on-the-ground sources. In Syria, ISIS “has not any lost any key terrain,” Jennifer Cafarella, a fellow at the Washington, D.C.-based Institute for the Study of War who studies the Syrian conflict, explained to The Daily Beast. Even U.S. military officials privately conceded to The Daily Beast that ISIS has gained ground in some areas, even as the Pentagon claims its seized territory elsewhere, largely around the northern city of Kobani. That's been the focus of the U.S.-led campaign, and ISIS has not been able to take the town, despite its best efforts.
The report continued by pointing out that the ISIS gains were not only in terms of land mass but also in terms of “control of people,” meaning populated areas and strategic locations. It reads,
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets “Assessing the map, ISIS has almost doubled its territorial control in Syria. But more importantly, the number of people who now live under ISIS control has also increased substantially,” CDS political adviser Mouaz Moustafa said. With the fall of that much territory into ISIS hands, Syrians who once lived in ungoverned or rebel held areas are now under ISIS's grip. Of course, in an irregular war like this one, control of people is far more important than control of territory. In that regard, too, things appear to be going in the wrong direction. […] Since the U.S. campaign began in August, “there are little buds of ISIS control in eastern Homs, al Qalamoun [which borders northern Lebanon], and southern Damascus that do appear to be growing because of that freedom of operation that can connect those western cells to key ISIS terrains in Raqqa and Deir ez Zour” in northern and eastern Syria.
While the United States and NATO act as al-Qaeda's Air Force in Iraq and Syria, Saudi Arabia and the Arab League fulfill the same role in Yemen. In addition to bombing the Houthi rebels in a bid to retain ousted President Hadi in power and to prevent the possibility of greater Iranian influence in the region, the Saudis have also provided direct air support for extremists and al-Qaeda jihadis who are currently on the ground in Yemen, themselves taking control of swaths of territory.
For instance, in an interview with NPR, Leila Fadel stated:
Star Wars PC Case Mods: We Have A Good Feeling About This
With the whole craze surrounding the “Old Republic” saga & games, Star Wars does sort of feel fresh again. This freshness inspires artists to do new creations like these mods.
These computers appeared in the Bit-tech forums, and quickly rose in popularity thanks to it's clean, sleek, and classy design. There's a mod representing Jedis and a mod representing Sith, so no matter which side you prefer, there is something for you.
Still, our favorite aspect of it is the fact that there's a couple of holo-emitters just like the one R2-D2 had in the original movies, but this time with characters from The Old Republic instead of Leia.
For those of you who want to see more, check out the video below:
After you've already scrolled all the way here, you must be tired. How about you rest your eyes with some of our other stories, such as Dragon Bath Tissue Holder: Medieval Class At Its Finest and The Weirdest Shoes Cake With Teeth Ever?
The goal is to persuade thousands of the party's most reliable patrons to overcome their lingering objections to the candidate most of them never wanted, and to help defeat a Democrat most of them want even less.
In the coming weeks, Mr. Trump and campaign officials will attend a string of high-dollar fund-raisers organized with the Republican National Committee, hitting the summer haunts of the well-to-do — from East Hampton to the California wine country — in a last-ditch effort to tap into the party's vast financial reserves.
On Monday in Detroit, Mr. Trump is scheduled to unveil a set of detailed economic policy prescriptions, a speech his supporters hope will help Mr. Trump reset his campaign and remind wavering Republican donors of the stark contrast that he offers to Hillary Clinton on issues like taxes and regulation.
“It's somewhat of a natural evolution with the donor base,” said Gaylord T. Hughey Jr., an energy lawyer who formerly backed Jeb Bush and is now helping lead Mr. Trump's fund-raising in Texas. “I think the traditional donor base was somewhat shocked by Trump's nomination. They're learning more about him, but they're also focused on what the alternative is, and what the implications of the alternative are.”
It is a dizzying turnaround for everyone involved, several donors said in interviews. Aides and fund-raisers for Mr. Trump, a self-described billionaire who has spent months proclaiming his independence from the party's traditional financial interests, now concede that they need mainline Republican donors to swing behind Mr. Trump so that he will have enough financial firepower to compete with Mrs. Clinton in the air and on the ground.
On Wednesday night, Microsoft and Intel reforged their traditional “Wintel” partnership with a collaboration called “Project Evo” in which the two companies said that they will work together to improve how PCs think, see and hear. Their initiatives include everything from improved security and authentication to gaming innovations and “mixed reality” experiences.
Microsoft made the announcement at its Windows Hardware Engineering Conference (WinHEC) in Shenzhen, China, an event where Microsoft works with hardware partners to define the future of the PC and related devices.
Much of this collaboration involves Intel, which helps provide the hardware reference designs that inform computers and other products made by manufacturers like Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, and Lenovo. This year's WinHEC is being held six months after Microsoft declared its intentions to bring Windows 10 to virtual reality devices, and to help the five aforementioned hardware companies develop inexpensive head-mounted VR displays. To this end, Intel used WinHEC 2016 to unveil the PC specifications for those VR devices, and also announced its Project Evo partnership with Microsoft.
Why this matters: WinHEC was paused between 2008 and 2014, so it's great to see Microsoft, Intel and the PC manufacturers actively talk about shared priorities. On one front, the industry wants to redefine the PC's basic intelligence, and how we interface with computers—that's Project Evo. As for Microsoft and Intel's virtual reality plans, this effort could have significant financial payoffs: Just like gaming PCs have helped drive high-end sales, we can now look to VR to inspire a return to the good old days of premium PC pricing.
Windows Hello uses a camera to identify you and log you in.
Project Evo: Redefining how PCs work
Not surprisingly, many of the improvements Microsoft built into Windows 10 have been software based. That's Microsoft's bread and butter. But other Windows 10 features, like Windows Hello, use hardware innovations developed by Intel and others.
Project Evo is designed to marry software and hardware in much the same way. “With Project Evo, Microsoft and Intel will deliver all-new ways for devices to light up with the latest in advanced security, artificial intelligence and Cortana, mixed reality, and gaming,” Terry Myerson, the executive vice president of the Windows and Devices Group, said in a blog post.
Specifically, Project Evo includes:
Far-field speech communications, so that users will be able to speak to their connected PCs from across a room;
Improvements to Windows Hello biometric identification (which currently includes fingerprint, iris, and facial recognition);
Security intelligence from both Microsoft and Intel;
Gaming innovations like 4K displays with High Dynamic Range, Wide Color Gamut (WCG), spatial audio, and the ability to broadcast games and e-sports;
Improved mixed-reality experiences through affordable PCs and head-mounted displays (HMDs).
Microsoft Microsoft showed off the integration of Windows 10 and virtual-reality devices at Computex 2016.
What's needed for VR PCs
Microsoft and Intel can really exercise their influence in head-mounted displays. Though they can't control what components a Dell or an HP includes in these displays, they can suggest a minimum hardware specification for an enjoyable VR experience.
The HMDs from Acer, ASUS, Dell, HP and Lenovo will be available next year, Microsoft said. Developer kits, meanwhile, will be available at the Game Developer Conference beginning on Feb. 27, 2017. And by the end of 2017, hardware partners will begin building PCs that take advantage of the new HMDs. According to Intel and Microsoft, these are the minimum specifications:
CPU: Intel Mobile Core i5 (e.g. 7200U) dual-core with hyperthreading
GPU: Integrated Intel HD Graphics 620 (GT2) equivalent or greater
RAM: 8GB+ dual-channel required for integrated graphics
HDMI: HDMI 1.4 with 2880x1440@ 60 Hz, or HDMI 2.0 or DP 1.3+ with 2880x1440@ 90 Hz
Storage: 100GB+ SSD (preferred) / HDD
USB: USB 3.0 Type-A or USB 3.1 Type-C Port with DisplayPort Alternate Mode
Bluetooth: Bluetooth 4.0 for accessories
“Windows is the only platform unifying the mixed reality ecosystem, providing inside-out tracking for HMDs, a single platform and standardized inputs for developers, and a consistent interface with a single store for customers,” Myerson said.
A White House petition to make unlocking cell phones legal again has received an official response. The US government is in “full support and are going to pass through legislation,” Sina Khanifar, the petition's creator told TNW.
In the official response, the White House says it agrees with the 114,000+ Americans that signed the petition. Furthermore, the US government says tablets should be included too. Here is the reasoning:
And if you have paid for your mobile device, and aren't bound by a service agreement or other obligation, you should be able to use it on another network. It's common sense, crucial for protecting consumer choice, and important for ensuring we continue to have the vibrant, competitive wireless market that delivers innovative products and solid service to meet consumers' needs. This is particularly important for secondhand or other mobile devices that you might buy or receive as a gift, and want to activate on the wireless network that meets your needs — even if it isn't the one on which the device was first activated. All consumers deserve that flexibility.
The response further says the Obama Administration “would support a range of approaches to addressing this issue, including narrow legislative fixes in the telecommunications space that make it clear: neither criminal law nor technological locks should prevent consumers from switching carriers when they are no longer bound by a service agreement or other obligation.” This is a huge win for consumers and shows petitions on the US government's website actually works.
Last but not least, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is backing the new initiative. FCC Chairman Genachowski issued the following statement (PDF):
The Copyright Office of the Library of Congress recently reversed its longstanding position and stated it is a violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act for consumers to unlock new mobile phones, even those outside of contract periods, without their wireless providers' permission, and that consumers are subject to criminal penalties if they do. From a communications policy perspective, this raises serious competition and innovation concerns, and for wireless consumers, it doesn't pass the common sense test. The FCC is examining this issue, looking into whether the agency, wireless providers, or others should take action to preserve consumers' ability to unlock their mobile phones. I also encourage Congress to take a close look and consider a legislative solution.
Back in late January, a new US federal policy stating certain mobile phones could not be unlocked legally went into effect. Citizens doing so would be in violation of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA).
The US Copyright Office says only owners of the software, which in almost all cases means the companies that make mobile operating systems like Apple, Google, and Microsoft, can unlock handsets. Many consumers disagree as they believe once they buy a phone they should be able to do whatever they want with the device, including unlocking it in order to switch carriers.
A petition was quickly launched in response. Less than two weeks ago, the petition passed the 100,000 signature mark, requiring the US government to issue an official response.
For reference, here's the petition's full description:
The Librarian of Congress decided in October 2012 that unlocking of cell phones would be removed from the exceptions to the DMCA. As of January 26, consumers will no longer be able to unlock their phones for use on a different network without carrier permission, even after their contract has expired. Consumers will be forced to pay exorbitant roaming fees to make calls while traveling abroad. It reduces consumer choice, and decreases the resale value of devices that consumers have paid for in full. The Librarian noted that carriers are offering more unlocked phones at present, but the great majority of phones sold are still locked. We ask that the White House ask the Librarian of Congress to rescind this decision, and failing that, champion a bill that makes unlocking permanently legal.
Here's the full response:
Thank you for sharing your views on cell phone unlocking with us through your petition on our We the People platform. Last week the White House brought together experts from across government who work on telecommunications, technology, and copyright policy, and we're pleased to offer our response. The White House agrees with the 114,000+ of you who believe that consumers should be able to unlock their cell phones without risking criminal or other penalties. In fact, we believe the same principle should also apply to tablets, which are increasingly similar to smart phones. And if you have paid for your mobile device, and aren't bound by a service agreement or other obligation, you should be able to use it on another network. It's common sense, crucial for protecting consumer choice, and important for ensuring we continue to have the vibrant, competitive wireless market that delivers innovative products and solid service to meet consumers' needs. This is particularly important for secondhand or other mobile devices that you might buy or receive as a gift, and want to activate on the wireless network that meets your needs — even if it isn't the one on which the device was first activated. All consumers deserve that flexibility. The White House's position detailed in this response builds on some critical thinking done by the President's chief advisory Agency on these matters: the Department of Commerce's National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA). For more context and information on the technical aspects of the issue, you can review the NTIA's letter to the Library of Congress' Register of Copyrights (.pdf), voicing strong support for maintaining the previous exception to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) for cell phone carrier unlocking. Contrary to the NTIA's recommendation, the Librarian of Congress ruled that phones purchased after January of this year would no longer be exempted from the DMCA. The law gives the Librarian the authority to establish or eliminate exceptions — and we respect that process. But it is also worth noting the statement the Library of Congress released today on the broader public policy concerns of the issue. Clearly the White House and Library of Congress agree that the DMCA exception process is a rigid and imperfect fit for this telecommunications issue, and we want to ensure this particular challenge for mobile competition is solved. So where do we go from here? The Obama Administration would support a range of approaches to addressing this issue, including narrow legislative fixes in the telecommunications space that make it clear: neither criminal law nor technological locks should prevent consumers from switching carriers when they are no longer bound by a service agreement or other obligation. We also believe the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), with its responsibility for promoting mobile competition and innovation, has an important role to play here. FCC Chairman Genachowski today voiced his concern about mobile phone unlocking (.pdf), and to complement his efforts, NTIA will be formally engaging with the FCC as it addresses this urgent issue. Finally, we would encourage mobile providers to consider what steps they as businesses can take to ensure that their customers can fully reap the benefits and features they expect when purchasing their devices. We look forward to continuing to work with Congress, the wireless and mobile phone industries, and most importantly you — the everyday consumers who stand to benefit from this greater flexibility — to ensure our laws keep pace with changing technology, protect the economic competitiveness that has led to such innovation in this space, and offer consumers the flexibility and freedoms they deserve. R. David Edelman is Senior Advisor for Internet, Innovation, & Privacy
Khanifar gave TNW the following statement in regards to the White House's response:
A little earlier I received a call from David Edelman at the White House, and he gave me the news. I'm really glad to see the White House taking action on an issue that's clearly very important to people. As the White House said in the response, keeping unlocking legal is really “common sense,” and I'm excited to see them recognizing this. David was enthusiastic about getting this fixed as quickly as possible. This is a big victory for consumers, and I'm glad to have played a part in it. A lot of people reacted skeptically when I originally started the petition, with lots of comments to the effect of “petitions don't do anything.” The optimist in me is really glad to have proved them wrong. The White House just showed that they really do listen, and that they're willing to take action. While I think this is wonderful, I think the real culprit here is Section 1201 of the DMCA, the controversial “anti-circumvention provision.” I discussed with the White House the potential of pushing to have that provision amended or removed, and they want to continue that conversation. I'll have exciting news on the campaign to make this happen tomorrow.
A job well done, if we may say so ourselves.
Image Credit: Trevor McGoldrick/Flickr
Read next: Chrome 25 for iOS gets back button history, link sharing via Messages, and 'even easier' Google searching
Joseph Randle was NOT arrested. He was cited with a ticket, and the police officer then left his hotel room.
— Erik Burkhardt (@ErikBurkhardt) February 4, 2015
There was zero "violence" of any kind, domestic or otherwise. He was asking 3 ppl to exit his room, who didn't want to leave. (Cont)
— Erik Burkhardt (@ErikBurkhardt) February 4, 2015
It was loud. Cops were called. Ticket issued. People and officer left. He went to bed.
— Erik Burkhardt (@ErikBurkhardt) February 4, 2015
This post has been updated.Dallas Cowboys running back Joseph Randle was arrested on a drug charge in Wichita early Tuesday -- his second arrest in four months.Police records show Randle, 23, was arrested just before 3 a.m. in the 700 block of South Main Street after police responded to a domestic violence call from his hotel room. Local stations KWCH TV and KAKE TV broke the story of Randle's arrest this morning.Wichita police spokesman Lt. James Espinoza said the 911 call was about a verbal argument in a hotel room rented under Randle's name.Randle, a 22-year-old woman, 25-year-old woman and a child were in the hotel room when officers arrived at the scene, Espinoza said.He confirmed that Randle and the 22-year-old, who reported Randle's behavior to police, have a child together.The woman told police Randle was "being out of control," an incident report states. Espinoza said he didn't know if the couple's child was among the witnesses in the room when the argument broke out.He said police were initially told that a weapon was inside the hotel room, but officers did not find one."It was reported to police that a weapon might have been at that location and left with another person that we have not been able to find," Espinoza said.The Sedgwick County Sheriff's Department said Randle was arrested for possessing "a small amount of green botanical substance." He was charged with unlawful possession of a controlled substance, officials said.Randle, a Kansas native, was not taken to a county jail because people who receive misdemeanor citations in Kansas are released from jail and are expected to appear in court later.Randle is scheduled to appear in the Wichita Municipal Court on Feb. 24.Meanwhile, Espinoza said, police investigators are following up on the "domestic violence situation" that prompted the 911 call on Tuesday. He did not elaborate, but said the investigation involves Randle.Randle's agent did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment, but tweeted about Tuesday's incident and insisted that Randle was "NOT arrested." But, Espinoza said, "it's considered an arrest in Wichita."The NFL has also been calling the sheriff's department for Randle's arrest records. Randle could be subject to discipline under the NFL's substance abuse program for his marijuana arrest.When asked for comment, Dallas Cowboys spokesman Rich Dalrymple said via email, "Not at this time."
In this report, the Chief Medical Officer, Prof Dame Sally Davies, looks at some of the big issues she identified in her last surveillance report. She has invited experts to examine these issues in detail and explore them further.
As well as presenting data and evidence, the CMO also comments on overarching trends. This year, information in the report suggests that we may need to rethink what is regarded as ‘normal' in relation to our health and our society. For example, while some people drink more alcohol than is good for their health, many people drink very little or don't drink at all. While many people think that cycling is dangerous because we hear of deaths on the road, cycling is usually a safe and healthy thing to do but the benefits of cycling don't make the headlines.
Highlights from the report include:
Most adults in England are overweight or obese. As a society, we are in danger of ‘normalising' being overweight, which is not good for our health. We should be striving to popularise healthy weight as ‘normal'.
There is very little good, national data on blindness and deafness, but it is important to have this because so many people are affected, and often live for many years with these conditions.
Active travel (walking and cycling) is good for our health, and more should be done to make it even safer, which will encourage more people to travel this way.
Not enough information is collected for some health issues, for example sensory impairment such as blindness and deafness. Where this is the case, the experts have tried to come up with novel ways of getting more information out of existing systems. For example, in the chapter on sensory impairment, the author, Professor Adrian Davis, has looked at GP patient survey data to find out more about deafness and blindness.
Maybe you've tried to "garden" before, but the results were brown, wilted, and de-motivating. This spring, don't give up and settle for plastic flowers. Use these great resources to grow flowers, herbs, and vegetables, whether in your yard or in your window.
Photo by Carl Tashian.
My own inspiration for trying out a garden this spring, or at least some random assemblage of plants, is simple: I just bought a house, I love food, and I want to keep up with the Joneses. Growing and gardening can take place anywhere, though, and for many reasons. You could launch a small project from an urban apartment window, or scatter seeds across a field with the hopes of eating cheaper and fresher. Trent at the Get Rich Slowly blog tracked his costs, time, and other data from he and his wife's year-long gardening project, and found the intake very much worth the output. Read on for some starter ideas that apply to any level of expertise.
Advertisement
Utilize the Wisdom of Locals
If you're just starting out growing anything in or around your home, you probably have questions about what can grow, under what conditions, and for how long. You know who has the answer? Plenty of people. Cooperative extensions across the country offer free pamphlets, guides, walk-in advice, and they can easily be found at this nationwide map, or with just a "[Name of your area] cooperative extension" Google search. A D.C.-based fact checker for the Atlantic and her NPR reporter husband, both of whom had killed windowsill herbs before, found a wealth of information from their local Virginia Cooperative Extension when they started working in a community garden—which is, in itself, another good training tool to look and Google for. In my own neck of the woods, I was amazed to find that I could bring two scoops of dirt in Tupperware to the local Cornell Cooperative Extension, where I'd learn just what kind of strengths and problems my patio held before I'd even considered buying Plant One. Photo by Manchester Library.
Advertisement
Keep in mind, though, that just because your area can support a plant under normal circumstances, that doesn't mean a drought or atypical season won't wreak havoc on your efforts. National Geographic recommends plants that don't need regular water for more consistent green coverage.
Make a Hydroponic Farm From a Sunny Window
Advertisement
Yeah, we know what you're thinking. But hydroponics has some great uses, beyond what the shop that advertises on the local modern rock station might have you thinking. Photo by Windowfarms.
WindowFarms.org is an initiative that wants to help anyone with a window that gets a decent amount of sun grow food in it. The group has 4,000 registered users, and has a host of how-to manuals for both small starter setups and full-window farms. The gist is that you create a cycling water system using larger bottled water bottles, clay pellets, a big roll of plastic tubing, and some cheap fish tank pumps to spare you the trouble of ever having to remember to water your plants, or worry that you've watered them too much, deal with spill-overs, and the like. You won't be able to stop shopping at the grocery store, but you can achieve memorable results—as with this first window farm salad.
Container Gardens 101
Advertisement
If you live where there's a very short growing season, container plants help you get a jump on Mother Nature. If you're an apartment renter or just not sure you're ready to commit to digging up part of your yard, container gardens let you grow without fear. You can head to your local hardware or garden store and go nuts, but here are the goods and write-ups we've previously linked to and dug on (pun intended!). Photo by briannaorg.
Container garden how-to: (Direct PDF link) Texas A&M's guide to growing vegetables in all kinds of containers, including hanging pots, cake pans, potato bags, and more.
(Direct PDF link) Texas A&M's guide to growing vegetables in all kinds of containers, including hanging pots, cake pans, potato bags, and more. The Earthtainer: A nicely detailed how-to on turning your standard plastic container bin into a self-watering tomato grower.
A nicely detailed how-to on turning your standard plastic container bin into a self-watering tomato grower. Grow Bags: Stand-alone, custom-sized bags that allow for growing herbs, vegetables, or other plants without fear of over-watering or controlling moisture. Two of them also fit neatly into a water-maintenance bed.
Advertisement
Grow plants and tomatoes upside down: If you've got a garage or more hanging space than dirt to work with, upside-down tomatoes can be a great in-between solution. You can find more attractive buckets than the Home Depot standard, or grow other plants in an upside-down hanging earth box.
Grow potatoes in a high-rise box : Potatoes aren't exactly expensive, but growing them yourself can keep you in regular supply of spuds that you can brag about to your friends.
Potatoes aren't exactly expensive, but growing them yourself can keep you in regular supply of spuds that you can brag about to your friends. Go vertical: If you lack for footage in a small yard, consider what can grow on your fence walls, or trellis you install yourself.
Advertisement
Grow Indoors or On A Windowsill
Maybe you lack the time, or the land, to grow things outdoors. That's more than fine, because there are plenty of plants you can grow inside or just outside a window to freshen your air, complement your food, and improve your home's looks. Photo by Caitlinator.
Advertisement
If it's fresh vegetables you're after, a window ledge garden can yield salad greens, rainbow chard, herbs like basil and cilantro that you'd normally pay a pretty penny for. If you're after herbs in particular, foodie site CHOW provides details on growing herbs indoors, particularly the stuff that doesn't grow wild, like lemongrass, bay leaves, and kaffir lime plants.
If a potted plant by a window suits you just fine, you've got a lot of options. Sunset magazine lists 10 easy-care houseplants, including Chinese evergreens. We've previously compiled, with photos, five hard-to-kill houseplants, and pointed to three plants that give you better indoor air, while Jason dug up some cubicle-friendly plants in response to a reader question.
Advertisement
Got your own little low-commitment, high-yield garden project of your own? Take a photo, share a link, and show us how it's done in the comments.
Perth police officer guilty of assault for throwing teen to ground, breaking her thumb
Posted
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Woman thrown to ground in Northbridge police station (ABC News)
A Perth police officer has been fined $2,000 and granted a spent conviction order after being found guilty of assaulting a teenager inside the Northbridge police complex.
Senior Constable Steven Trewin was found to have thrown Cassandra Swann to the ground in the early hours of August 25 2013, causing swelling to her face and breaking her thumb.
Ms Swann, who was 19 at the time, was drunk and had gone to the police station to report that she had been assaulted after leaving a nearby nightclub.
She spent about half an hour inside the station and was abusive to Constable Trewin, who claimed Ms Swann was injured as he was trying to arrest her for disorderly conduct.
However, Magistrate Andrew Maughan found that Constable Trewin was not trying to arrest Ms Swann and instead had been trying to get her to leave the station.
When he took her arm, she struck him twice and he then "threw" her to the ground in what Magistrate Maughan found was "not a reasonable response".
The assault was recorded by CCTV cameras and Magistrate Maughan said the vision "speaks for itself".
"There is no doubt Ms Swann's conduct and her assault on Constable Trewin ... were inexcusable," he said
"But equally, [Constable Trewin's] response was disproportionate and not reasonable.
"The force used was excessive."
Officer's defence went too far: magistrate
In deciding a fine was appropriate, Magistrate Maughan described Constable Trewin as "generally a conscientious police officer".
"[Ms Swann] put you in a position where you were entitled to defend yourself. I simply found you took that defence too far," he said.
Constable Trewin was granted a spent conviction order, meaning he will not have a criminal record.
Outside the court, Police Union president George Tilbury said the union was disappointed with the decision.
"We believe it sends the wrong message to the community and police officers who have to make decisions in dynamic situations," he said.
"This lady assaulted Senior Constable Trewin twice, and the magistrate has determined that the force used was excessive.
"We dispute that, and we intend to appeal against the decision."
Ms Swann, who is now 21, was in court for the decision and outside the court she apologised to Constable Trewin.
"I'd like to apologise to Officer Trewin for my actions that evening, but I do think that things could have been handled a little bit differently," she told journalists.
"No man or woman deserves, as I would say, to be rag-dolled to the floor like that."
Topics: courts-and-trials, police, northbridge-6003
The transaction that would bring down Sir Ngatata Love went undetected for years, until the Inland Revenue began looking into his partner's accountants.
Sitting in the witness box of the High Court at Wellington in May 2012, already showing signs of illness, Lorraine Skiffington told the court she was "Sir Ngatata Love's partner".
But that wasn't why she was there, and surely, Skiffington may have already known trouble was coming.
CRAIG SIMCOX / FAIRFAX NZ David Ingram Rowley, left, and Barrie David Skinner, during sentencing in the High Court. During the trial the pair's lawyer put it to Sir Ngatata Love's partner that a payment through her company into their personal account was a secret commission, designed to be concealed from the Wellington Tenths Trust.
She was appearing as a witness in the tax fraud trial of two Wellington accountants, Barrie James Skinner and David Ingram Rowley, who had operated as Tax Planning Services (TPS).
As a result of the trial, the pair were handed the longest ever jail terms for tax fraud in New Zealand history, eight and a half and eight years respectively.
READ MORE:
* Professor Sir Ngatata Love, leading academic and treaty negotiator, on trial for defrauding his iwi
* Sir Ngatata had 'sense of entitlement' to $1.5 million paid by developer: witness
* Sir Ngatata Love's lawyer says agreement had no financial impact on Tenths Trust
* Sir Ngatata Love's partner told banker 'lump sum' was coming
* Trustee had 'no knowledge' of payment to Sir Ngatata Love's partner's company
* Sir Ngatata Love says beachfront house not linked to development and belonged to his partner
* Sir Ngatata Love did not tell trustees his partner was consultant to developer
* Sir Ngatata Love claims partner was wrongly claiming to represent him to developers
* Sir Ngatata Love used partner's company to obtain $1.5m payment meant for trust, Crown claims
* Sir Ngatata Love trial portrays him as criminal fraud, or duped friend
* Sir Ngatata Love should lose knighthood - Tenths Trust beneficiary call
&PDCOPI Sir Ngatata Love hongis with Loizos Michaels, a con man who was later jailed for eight years.
While a number of the firm's clients appear to have received legitimate accounting services, others – including Skiffington – were drawn into an Inland Revenue investigation of Skinner and Rowley's "aggressive" tax avoidance schemes.
Put simply, clients paid invoices into a series of entities controlled by the pair for non-existent "services" and the money was returned, less a cut.
STUFF The house, at 12 Moana Rd in Plimmerton, which the Crown says Love and Skiffington purchased knowing a payment from Redwood was coming.
In return for avoiding the risk of prosecution (Justice Stephen Kos said many of the clients must have known the work of Skinner and Rowley was illegal) for filing incorrect tax returns, the clients were appearing as witnesses.
One used his phone to record Skinner coaching him on how to answer IRD questions.
Skiffington, a former student of – and then an adviser to – former Labour MP and party president Margaret Wilson, told the High Court the work the tax pair did play out like a work of fiction.
SUPPLIED During a High Court trial of two Wellington accountants in 2012, Lorraine Skiffington denied that a payment from a developer into her company was a secret commission designed to be kept secret from the Wellington Tenths Trust.
She was in an invidious position though, because her choice of accountancy firm was not the only thing which could come under scrutiny.
A large chunk of the money she had paid through TPS had come from a developer, Redwood, which was developing land owned by the Wellington Tenths Trust, which Love chaired.
When it came to cross-examination, Skinner and Rowley's lawyer, Mike Lennard, dropped a bombshell, raising the issue of a $1.02 million payment into a personal account she shared with Love.
Ross Giblin Sir Ngatata Love appears in the High Court at the start of his trial on fraud charges, just minutes after suppression which had prevented the charges being revealed was lifted after more than three years.
The payment had gone through a confusing money-go-round. Starting with Redwood, the money was paid into a company in which Skiffington was a shareholder, into her new mortgage with Love, back into her company, then in four payments to entities controlled by Skinner and Rowley.
On the same day, in January 2007, two payments went from TPS into the joint personal account of Skiffington and Love.
What was not revealed then, but became clear later, was that the money went directly into paying down the mortgage of a huge beachfront home in Plimmerton that Love and Skiffington had jointly bought just weeks earlier, with $1.8m of entirely borrowed money.
Lennard put it to Skiffington that the payment was a secret commission designed to be concealed from anyone associated with the Wellington Tenths Trust.
"Absolutely not," Skiffington replied.
Although it was not directly relevant to the case, Justice Kos gave an extensive account of the exchange in his verdict on Skinner and Rowley, describing Skiffington's account of what she did to earn the money as "vague".
Kos, who has now risen to be president of the Court of Appeal, signed off with classic understatement: "That is not a matter I need to resolve."
Within weeks of the judgement being released, Love had stood down as chairman of the Wellington Tenths Trust, the start of a monumental fall from grace.
Shortly afterwards the Serious Fraud Office confirmed it had launched an investigation.
More than four years later, the matter is only now being resolved.
The payment was made to Skiffington in return for Love granting the developer a lease to build on prime real estate a short walk from Parliament, over the fence from the Pipitea Marae. On Thursday Justice Lang found the payment was obtained by fraudulent means and the 78-year-old Love guilty of obtaining property by deception.
Love, as chairman of the Wellington Tenths, not only failed to tell his trustees of the payment, or his partner's involvement, but he took steps to try to keep the agreement secret.
And it may have stayed secret, ironically, if the first fraud had not been followed by a second one – the use of Skinner and Rowley in a bid to avoid paying tax.
It is entirely possible that, had Love and Skiffington used a legitimate accountant, they would have got away with the whole thing.
Pipitea St was not the only deal the pair tried
The trial of Sir Ngatata Love through August focused almost exclusively on the single payment linked to a development in Pipitea St, near Parliament.
But it was not the only time that Skiffington had been put forward as an agent of Love.
In 2008, movie mogul Sir Peter Jackson wrote a deferential letter to Love, in anticipation of the Port Nicholson Block Settlement Trust being granted ownership of the land and derelict buildings at Shelly Bay.
Already an international figure, Jackson wrote that he would be "honoured" to personally discuss Shelly Bay, which he thought was an ideal spot for a state-of-the-art exhibition centre that could be home to his Lord of the Rings props.
But instead of a meeting, Jackson's spokesman received in reply from Skiffington a request, for her company to be paid $750,000 to do groundwork, for a deal to be reached. Skiffington wanted $250,000 upfront.
Jackson was offended and the deal was off. More than eight years later, the buildings at Shelly Bay continue to rot.
Later Sir Ngatata became tied up with notorious con man Loizos Michaels, who claimed to be fronting a group wanting to develop a casino in Wellington.
The Port Nicholson Block Settlement Trust had acquired the right to buy the railway station building in 2009, and by January 10, Love wrote that he was prepared to sign a sale and purchase agreement, in return for Skiffington being granted a services agreement worth tens of millions of dollars.
"This agreement has my full support as chairman of the Port Nicholson Block Settlement Trust."
While those attempts both came to nothing, in 2007 Love did manage to arrange for Wellington City Council to pay Skiffington's company more than $170,000 to help resolve a bitter property dispute, at a time she was working for developers seeking to build on the same site.
Documents show that the council was charged for Skiffington to attend dozens of meetings with members of the Tenths Trust, as well as the owners of the land.
During its investigation into the Tenths Trust, the Serious Fraud Office found only passing reference to Skiffington in any meeting minutes, in relation to fisheries activities.
Charges brought an end to the publicity
While the Serious Fraud Office is believed to have quickly gained access to the same documents as those obtained by The Dominion Post when the transactions were publicly aired in late 2012, it was months before charges were laid.
When they were, in June 2013, the publicity surrounding the case was silenced, with a wide-ranging suppression order.
Not only could it not be reported that Love and Skiffington were facing a raft of charges in relation to a series of transactions, no mention could be made of the role of Sir Ngatata's son, Matene Love, a former Junior All Black, accused of accepting a secret commission.
Matene Love was paid in return for an agreement that the Tenths effectively give Redwood a right of first refusal over the land in Pipitea St.
He pleaded guilty and served home detention, but the matter remained secret.
After a series of hearings, delays and Skiffington being granted a permanent stay of prosecution because of her ill health, Ralph Heberley Ngatata Love, a knight, emeritus professor and doctor, stood up in the High Court at Wellington on August 3, to plead not guilty to two fraud charges.
Even then details of Love's health, which nearly meant he escaped prosecution altogether, were suppressed.
Though his dementia formed a potentially key aspect of his defence, Justice Graham Lang acquiesced to Catherine Love's plea that it should remain secret until the verdict, as the family was unaware.
Day after day, Love's supporters sat listening in the public gallery, even on the days on which the defendant himself – suffering from a heart condition – was not in the court.
In an unlikely coincidence, Rowley – one of the accountants on whom Skiffington was in court back in 2012 testifying – was granted parole midway through the trial.
The Crown alleged that Love had used his position to arrange for Skiffington to be paid the upfront fee he knew a developer was willing to hand over to secure a lease on the land.
Love's defence had a number of avenues.
There was also the issue of whether the Tenths Trust actually missed out on the deal, with Love's lawyer arguing they got exactly what they paid for.
The trustees wanted a deal which would see them exposed to no risk, and that is exactly what happened.
Love also argued that he had not "obtained property", as the money which was the subject of the payment went to a company belonging to Skiffington, not to him.
While the payment may indeed have been made, there was no solid proof that he knew about it.
It was Redwood's agreement with Skiffington's company, and what her company did with the money was nothing to do with him.
As other witnesses testified, Skiffington was wont to claim she was speaking on Sir Ngatata's behalf, even before the Redwood transaction.
Love also argued that in many cases he simply signed documents which were put before him, without question, an extraordinary claim by a man who was at the time a Professor of Business Studies.
This flowed into another claim, that he had never intended to be an owner of the property – appearing on the documents was simply a favour for a friend.
The fact that they were friends was laboured by Love and his lawyer, with the defendant questioning the use of the term "partner", not knowing that it was her own words that had appeared to legitimise the relationship.
Verdict came within days
But when both sides had finished summing up, Justice Lang made a telling announcement: the verdict would be read less than a week later.
Whatever he had taken from three weeks of hearings, the short period suggested his mind was made up.
Neither Love's trial nor that of Skinner and Rowley took place in courtroom one, aside from the culmination.
The result was the same, the only difference being that Love was not required to stand in the dock.
Within seconds of Justice Lang arriving, Love was asked to stand, and was told he had been found guilty. The verdict dismissed every key plank of Love's defence, and appeared to take swipes at others.
Love's mental condition was not of great importance as Justice Lang found he was "firm in his denial of the key aspects of the Crown's case". While he could not remember details of what had happened, he seemed clear on what he didn't do.
He also found Love's account of the house not being his "difficult to believe".
While Justice Lang ordered that a pre-sentencing report for Love should consider suitability for home detention, he did so "without any hint as to what the sentence might be", suggesting it is possible the former Maori leader could be jailed.
When Baltimore manager Buck Showalter bunkers down in his office with bench coach John Russell before a game, the main objective is to find every matchup, lineup combination or snippet of information that might give the Orioles an edge. But the depth of Showalter's inquisitiveness makes his players wonder if game preparation is the only item on his agenda.
You have to get up pretty early in the morning to catch Buck Showalter unprepared for a game situation. Kim Klement/USA TODAY Sports
Is he in there splitting atoms? Writing sonnets in iambic pentameter? Trying desperately to resolve the issue of I-695 Beltway traffic for future generations of Baltimoreans?
"Anytime a play comes up, he's way ahead of it," said outfielder Nelson Cruz. "I don't think he sleeps."
Given the range of setbacks the Orioles encountered in 2014, it's a wonder Showalter ever made it home at all.
Six months ago, Baltimore was far from the popular choice to win the AL East, but the Orioles surprised the skeptics by going 96-66 to finish 12 games ahead of second-place New York and capture their first division title since 1997. That was the second-biggest margin for a division winner, trailing only Washington's 17-game steamrolling of Atlanta in the NL East.
Showalter sure spent a lot of time improvising along the way. Although much of the Orioles-related skepticism this season resolved around a starting rotation without a bona fide ace, the manager's biggest challenge was cutting and pasting together a lineup that was missing three previously pivotal components.
In 2013, Chris Davis, Manny Machado and Matt Wieters accounted for 34 percent of Baltimore's runs scored, 42 percent of the team's home runs and 40 percent of the club's RBIs. Davis and Machado finished third and ninth, respectively, in the AL Most Valuable Player balloting.
This year, those three players appeared in the same batting order a grand total of zero times.
Machado missed the entire month of April and went down with season-ending knee surgery in August. Wieters had Tommy John surgery on May 10. And when Wieters and Machado were together for a brief stretch in early May, Davis was on the disabled list with an oblique injury. Davis had a challenging year at the plate before receiving a 25-game suspension in September for amphetamine use, and he won't be a factor in October unless the Orioles can advance deep into the postseason.
Chris Davis and Matt Wieters won't be on the field. But the O's already know they can win without them. AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
All told, Davis, Machado and Wieters made 971 fewer plate appearances than in 2013. They accounted for only 16 percent of Baltimore's 705 runs scored, 20 percent of the team's home runs and 18 percent of the club's RBIs this year.
The Orioles survived the carnage, but not with enough of a flourish to stifle the big question entering the postseason: Namely, can they make it through two rounds of AL playoffs and reach their first World Series since 1983 with three significant pieces out of the equation? It isn't easy facing a Detroit rotation led by Max Scherzer, David Price and Justin Verlander with a full complement of players -- never mind a lineup that's 33 percent impaired.
But Baltimore's manager is undeterred. As a guy who never played a day in the majors, Showalter has a soft spot for players who are perpetually written off or overlooked but who might thrive if only given a chance.
"I know conventionally [our lineup] doesn't look sexy or whatever you want to call it, but it's not a topic of conversation in our locker room. It really isn't," Showalter said. "Chris made a mistake and that's an opportunity for another guy. Manny is down for the year, and that's an opportunity for another guy. You never want to overlook an orchid while you're searching for a rose. We're so quick to put this brand on players: 'He's this, he's that.' Well, maybe he's not."
While most teams would lament the instability, the Orioles thrived while relying on a next-man-up philosophy. Dan Duquette, the team's executive vice president of baseball operations, has made Baltimore a haven for six-year minor league free agents, and Showalter likes to refer to the Orioles' "75-man roster" when Double-A Bowie and Triple-A Norfolk are factored into the equation.
One of Baltimore's unlikely stars: Steve Pearce. Joy R. Absalon/USA TODAY Sports
Delmon Young, a former No. 1 draft pick who never attained the stardom predicted for him, hit .302 as a part-time designated hitter with the Orioles this season. Caleb Joseph and Nick Hundley started a combined 122 games in Wieters' absence. And with Machado and Davis out of commission, Ryan Flaherty, Jonathan Schoop, Kelly Johnson and Jimmy Paredes made up a patchwork quilt of third-base options for Showalter down the stretch.
No one took advantage of the welcome mat in Baltimore more than Steve Pearce, a former Pirates prospect who enjoyed his best career season at age 31. Pearce, who has signed with the Orioles three times and been released by the club twice since 2012, batted .293 with 21 home runs, a .930 OPS and a 4.9 wins above replacement.
"I see a guy who's not only gotten better, but a whole lot better," said an NL scout. "He was always a strong kid, but he's gotten himself in terrific shape. I think he's calmed himself down. He's not as violent at the plate and he's staying closed real well. I don't think anybody had Steve Pearce down for hitting almost .300 with 20 home runs, but that's what makes a team like the Orioles achieve."
Regardless of the names on the lineup card, the Orioles are extremely reliant on the long ball. They scored a major league-high 47.8 percent of their runs this season via the home run, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. The Houston Astros were the only other team above 40 percent.
Small ball is not Showalter's thing. The Orioles ranked 26th in the majors in walks (with 401) and were last in the game with 44 stolen bases, so they don't fit the profile of a team that can "manufacture" runs in the postseason.
"What is manufacturing runs?" Showalter said. "It's hitting the ball where the grass don't grow. It's like Oscar Gamble said when Billy Martin told him to take a pitch so the runner could get in scoring position. Oscar told him, 'Billy, when I'm in the batter's box, I am in scoring position.'"
Zach Britton had 37 saves, and the rest of the bullpen is just as effective. Mark Cunningham/MLB Photos/Getty Images
The Orioles have been dealing with disruptions to their lineup for so long, the team's hitters seem to have developed a comfort level with the dynamic. They never experienced life with Davis, Machado and Wieters together in the mix this season, so they don't know what they're missing.
As one scout observed, "It's not like any of those guys had a real impact on that team this year. Even when they were there, they weren't that good."
Several talent evaluators surveyed by ESPN.com are upbeat about Baltimore's chances because of the team's strengths. The bullpen is deep and versatile with Darren O'Day, Brad Brach and Tommy Hunter from the right side, Andrew Miller and Brian Matusz from the left, and Zach Britton at the back end, and Showalter is a master at generating advantageous matchups in the late innings. The rotation doesn't get a lot of respect or acclaim outside the Baltimore clubhouse, but Orioles starters ranked fifth in the league with a 3.61 ERA. Baltimore also led the AL with 49 defensive runs saved.
"I'm a believer in them, I really am," said an NL scout. "I watched them play good teams and I watched them play good teams well. They had a plan, and they have established roles, and people seem to be comfortable in those roles."
The Orioles are resolute from one to 25 on the roster; and come game time, when the lineup card is posted, they have faith that all those hours the manager spends preparing will leave nothing to chance. In Buck they trust.
The Canadian Tulip Festival (French: Festival Canadien des Tulipes; Dutch: Canadees Festival van de Tulp) is a tulip festival, held annually in May in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The festival claims to be the world's largest tulip festival, displaying over one million tulips,[1] with attendance of over 650,000 visitors annually.[2] Large displays of tulips are planted throughout the city, and the largest display of tulips is found in Commissioners Park on the shores of Dow's Lake, and along the Rideau Canal with 300,000 tulips planted there alone.[3] Millions of tulips set the stage for a celebration of authentic art, cultural, historic, culinary and family tulip experiences at various official venues across the capital.
History [ edit ]
In 1945, the Dutch royal family sent 100,000 tulip bulbs to Ottawa in gratitude for Canadians having sheltered the future Queen Juliana and her family for the preceding three years during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands in the Second World War. The most noteworthy event during their time in Canada was the birth in 1943 of Princess Margriet at the Ottawa Civic Hospital. The maternity ward was temporarily declared to be extraterritorial by the Canadian government, thereby allowing Princess Margriet's citizenship to be solely influenced by her mother's Dutch citizenship.[4][5] In 1946, Juliana sent another 20,500 bulbs requesting that a display be created for the hospital, and promised to send 10,000 more bulbs each year.
The festival begins [ edit ]
Princess Margriet returns to Ottawa to attend the Canadian Tulip Festival in May 2002.
In the years following Queen Juliana's original donation, Ottawa became famous for its tulips and in 1953 the Ottawa Board of Trade and photographer Malak Karsh organized the first "Canadian Tulip Festival". Queen Juliana returned to celebrate the festival in 1967, and Princess Margriet returned in 2002 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the festival.
Outdoor music concerts [ edit ]
For many years, the festival featured a series of outdoor music concerts in addition to the tulips. The 1972 festival saw Liberace give an opening concert, and at the 1987 festival, Canadian singer Alanis Morissette made her first appearance at the age of 12.[6] The Trews first became widely known after opening for Big Sugar at the 2003 festival. Montreal's General Rudie also gained valuable exposure early in their career with a performance at the 2000 festival.
After several years of cold and rainy weekends drove the festival to the brink of bankruptcy in 2006, the outdoor music concerts were discontinued. Even though concert admission fees were a source of revenue for the festival, rainy weather contributed to low concert attendance on many occasions, making the concerts a heavy financial risk.
2007: Reorganisation [ edit ]
In 2007, the festival was reorganised under new leadership. The festival was redesigned to focus on promoting international friendship, the original symbolic role of the gift of tulips. Park admission charges were eliminated and a new feature called Celebridée: a Celebration of Ideas was introduced. Another component of the 2007 festival was a fund-raising effort in support of War Child Canada.
Celebridée [ edit ]
Beyond celebrating the tulip as a symbol of beauty and friendship, the Canadian Tulip Festival, through Celebridée, aims to present some of the most brilliant thinkers of our time speaking about ideas that matter.
Celebridée has continued to grow since its inception in 2007. 2008's speakers included such diverse and thought-provoking individuals as Sir Salman Rushdie, Wired Magazine's Chris Anderson, Pulitzer Prize-winning author of Guns, Germs and Steel Jared Diamond, and world-renowned pianist Angela Hewitt.
Festival sites and themes [ edit ]
Recent Canadian Tulip Festival Themes 1994 A Tribute to the Origin Country of the Tulip - Turkey 1995 The Friendship That Flowered 50th anniversary of the Liberation of the Netherlands 1996 Floral Tribute to Nice 1997 Floral Artistry of Japan 1998 A Celebration of Canada's Provinces and Territories 1999 Between Friends 2000 Tulips 2000: A Capital Celebration! 2001 Tulips Forever! A Salute to Britain 2002 Tulipmania! 50th Anniversary 2003 G'day Australia – Tulips Down Under 2004 Canada's Tulip Experience 2005 A Celebration of Peace and Friendship 2006 Tulips 2006 – World Flower Rendezvous! 2007 "CelebrIDÉE A Celebration of Ideas" inaugural year 2008 Where Ideas Bloom 2009 The Tulip Route 2010 "Liberation" - The 65th anniversary of the liberation of Europe. 2011 "Kaleidoscope" - A celebration of Spring awakening through colour, culture and community 2012 The Festival celebrates its 60th anniversary with “60 years of Tulip Friendship”. 2013 “Cirque de Liberation” 2014 “Floral Extravaganza” 2015 “Tulip Liberation” celebrates the 70th Anniversary of the Liberation of Holland through colour, culture and community! 2016 2017 “One Tulip – One Canada” The Festival's 65th edition takes place during Canada's 150th. 2018 "A World of Tulips"
Official Sites
Lansdowne Park – The Art & Culture Tulip Experience
Commissioners Park – Dow's Lake - The Garden Tulip Experience;
ByWard Market – The Urban Tulip Experience;
Garden Promenade – The Community Tulip Experience
Zibi Gatineau - The Culinary Tulip Experience
Attraction Sites
Partner Sites
Rideau Hall
Mackenzie King Estate (Gatineau Park)
Trivia [ edit ]
Because of the ongoing Canadian support for the Netherlands during the war, Seymour Cobley of the Royal Horticultural Society actually donated 83,000 tulips to Canada from 1941–1943, several years before the Royal Family followed suit.[7]
Photographer Malak Karsh became widely known for his photographs of the Tulip Festival.
While the Netherlands continues to send 20,000 bulbs to Canada each year (10,000 from the Royal Family and 10,000 from the Dutch Bulb Growers Association), by 1963 the festival featured more than 2 million, and today sees nearly 3 million tulips purchased from Dutch and Canadian distributors.[7]
Official Festival Sites [ edit ]
Commissioner's Park - Dow's Lake [ edit ]
Tulips at Dows Lake in 2014
Commissioner's Park, on the shores of Dow's Lake is a major centre of activity for the Tulip Festival. The largest concentration of tulips in the National Capital Region — some 300,000 — can be found planted along a 1 km section of the lakeshore. Commissioners Park also features buskers and musicians, and artists demonstrating their skills.
Garden Promenade - The Community Tulip Experience [ edit ]
The Garden Promenade celebrates Ottawa's garden culture with over 70 experiences through 40 of the region's most beautiful must-visit gardens. Join us during the Canadian Tulip Festival and delight in a self-guided or escorted showcase of Ottawa's public gardens exploding with millions of tulips in bloom and many tulip centric special activities planned such as Yoga in the Tulips on Parliament Hill and in Major's Hill Park. www.gardenpromenade.ca
Other Garden Promenade sites [ edit ]
2005 Garden of the Provinces & Territories
The Garden of the Provinces and Territories, located directly across from Library and Archives Canada on Wellington Street is one of many sites that the National Capital Commission plants with thousands of tulips. Others include Parliament Hill, the banks of the Rideau Canal, and in Gatineau, Jacques Cartier Park, Montcalm-Taché Park, and the Malak flowerbed behind the Canadian Museum of Civilization.
Aberdeen Pavilion
Lansdowne Park Tulip Gallery – The Art & Culture Tulip Experience
Aberdeen Pavilion and the Great Lawn will be brimming with tulip art and floral exhibits, artistic installations, interactive family programming and entertainment. Varying international exhibits have been featured during many years of the festival's history. International representation is limited to official members of the festivals tulip friendship network comprising like-minded nations who celebrate and revere the tulip as an international symbol of friendship and peace. Many of these countries stage large-scale tulip festivals of their own.
Special features at Lansdowne Park include:
Thousands of potted tulips and floral installations
International pavilions offering food, artworks and entertainment sponsored by friendship country embassies
Spectacular garden of 5-foot hand painted tulips
Art, Floral and gardening demos, seminars and workshops
Children's Tulip Garden Installation (thousands of wooden tulips hand painted by local elementary school children)
Vintage Ford Model A Autombile Display and Picnic
Interactive Family Fun Zone and Pavilion
Friendship Stage
Homage To Malak Photography Exhibit
Signatures Canadian Handmade Market
Tulip Bouquet Exhibit
Tulip Art Gallery & Boutique
Victory Encampment- Vintage Military Displays
ByWard Market: The Urban Tulip Experience
Each year, the Canadian artists invited to create the annual festival campaign imagery brings tulip art to this city's central marketplace with massive urban art installations, interactive workshops and artist meet & greet opportunities. Animation throughout the streets and tulip-centric merchant promotions compliment the experience.
See also [ edit ]
Top US lawmakers have expressed concerns over the Obama Administration's decision to sell eight F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan, saying the aircraft could be used against India and not in combating terrorism.
Advertising
They have also urged the Obama Administration to review its decision in this regard.
[related-post]
“Many members of Congress, including me, seriously question the judgement and timing of such a sale. Additionally, Indo-Pak tensions remain elevated and some question whether the F-16s could ultimately be used against India or other regional powers, rather than the terrorists as Pakistan as asserted,” Congressman Matt Salmon said during a Congressional hearing yesterday.
Salmon was joined by several other lawmakers during the Congressional hearing on Afghanistan and Pakistan convened by the Subcommittee on Asia and Pacific of the House Foreign Affairs Committee wherein the Obama Administration was represented by the Special US Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Olson.
Advertising
“We've got to be concerned what military assistance and whether the F-16s constitute the least expensive, most efficient way for the Pakistani air force to go after the terrorists and the least disruptive weapon system to the balance of power between India and Pakistan,” Congressman Brad Sherman said.
“We need to offer to Pakistan those weapon systems well- crafted to go after terrorists and not crafted for a war with India,” Sherman said.
The US Senate has currently put a hold on the decision of the Obama Administration to give eight F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan at an estimated cost of USD700 million.
Salmon asked Olson to clarify the underlying purpose and timing of the intended sale and how is it in the best interest of the United States.
“Despite giving Pakistan enormous amounts of counter-terror assistance over the years, over USD25 billion since 9/11, terrorist organizations continue to operate with impunity in Pakistan.
“Pakistan has used terror as a tool of statecraft and terrorist proxy groups, for the Pakistani military have carried out fatal attacks inside India,” he alleged.
The subcommittee chairperson, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen too expressed concerns over sale of F-16 to Pakistan.
“I think that we need to leverage our military sales to Pakistan in order to get some more cooperation within the region,” she said.
“Can you please update us on the status of the F-16 sales and how would you describe our ability to leverage our aid to Pakistan?” she asked.
Olson strongly defended the decision of the Obama Administration saying that this is in the best interest of the United States.
“The administration is supportive of the F-16 sale to Pakistan. This is being developed between our military coordinating groups over the course of time that is consistent with our overall program of support for the Pakistani military, which is based on counterinsurgency and counter-terrorism. The Pakistanis have developed a precision strike capability that they use in the F-16s they have right now to take out targets,” he said.
“These are principally the Pakistani Taliban, but we think that that is a good thing. The Pakistani Taliban has been involved in attacks against Americans at Chapman in Afghanistan in 2009 and, indeed, in supporting the Times Square bomber,” he said.
“So we applaud the actions that the Pakistanis have been taking against their domestic terrorism threat, even as we call upon them to take more robust action against those groups
that threaten their neighbours,” he argued.
The Pakistan Air Force reports having flown thousands of sorties, dropping more than 800 US-provided Guided Bomb Units (GBUs), and killing more than 1,700 terrorists.
The use of precision munitions has greatly minimized collateral damage, including civilian casualties, he said.
WATCH INDIAN EXPRESS VIDEOS HERE
MIUI 9 Chinese Beta Rolling out for the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X
The Chinese variant of MIUI 9, based on Android Nougat is now rolling out for Chinese Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X users. The release is marked as “stable beta”, meaning it's deemed safe enough to go out to normal users but may still have bugs.
The upgrade is being pushed to “random users” with or without a changelog, so keep an eye out if you have this device and live in China! As always is the case with Xiaomi, if you don't receive the update during the “beta stable” upgrade, you will in about a week's time unless there are any major issues. Those on global versions of the device should receive the upgrade around the same time as the Chinese stable releases, as other than language there are no huge differences.
As always, Xiaomi are updating their devices, though their naming conventions are confusing. “Beta stable” sounds counterintuitive at first. It makes sense, but it's definitely not intuitive. Also, sending out beta software to random customers seems like an interesting approach to beta testing. If things go bad, you can end up with situations like Google had with the Nexus 6. Sending out beta software to consumers is a poor decision unless the software is basically stable anyway.
Nevertheless, the update should follow up to Xiaomi's other phones afterward. Devices which won't receive Nougat may receive an upgrade to MIUI 9 through Android Marshmallow, where Xiaomi backport some features to previous versions of Android. The Xiaomi Mi 2, a 5 year old phone, will also be receiving MIUI 9. Xiaomi don't care hugely about iterative Android upgrades, instead spending time on upgrading MIUI where the bulk of their features are.
If you can get the update, update at your own risk, but it should be okay. Let us know in the comments!
Halfway through October 2015, fall color had made a pronounced appearance across part of the Northern Hemisphere. The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Terra and Aqua satellites captured these views of the changing fall foliage in the United States and Canada.
The top image, acquired with Aqua on October 11, 2015, shows leaf color around the Great Lakes; the bottom image, acquired with Terra on October 12, 2015, shows the U.S. Northeast and Canada's eastern provinces. Sunlight and temperature are the primary factors responsible for the shift from green to shades of brown and orange.
Fall color generally peaks around mid-October as temperatures drop and sunlight fades. But the exact date of the peak is not the same everywhere. Northern latitudes see temperatures drop sooner and sunlight fade faster, so color will appear there as early as September. For example, striking fall color was already apparent in imagery from September 9 of eastern Siberia. Areas farther south can see peak color in mid-November. Elevation matters too, with fall color generally starting sooner at colder, higher altitudes.
Some years, however, turn up a more spectacular burst of color than others. It turns out that the weather before and during the transition plays a large role in color intensity. Brightest colors occur when dry, sunny days are followed by cool, dry nights.
The weather cooperated in some areas so far in 2015, providing vivid displays. For views closer to the ground, check out the video and photos in a blog post by The Washington Post's Capital Weather Gang.
NASA images by Jeff Schmaltz, LANCE/EOSDIS Rapid Response. Caption by Kathryn Hansen.
According to news agencies in NATO countries, violence erupted before a football championship game on Friday, May 2, between fans of Metalist Kharkiv (pro-Kiev) and Chornomorets (pro-Russia). Chornomorets supporters retreated to the Trade Unions House, where some of them allegedly shot their Metalist rivals. Ultimately, a fire broke out, probably triggered by the use of Molotov cocktails on both sides, ravaging the building and leaving forty people dead. [1]
Moscow immediately reacted by disassociating the football match from the blaze at the Trade Unions House. The Foreign Ministry strongly denounced the responsibility of the Kiev authorities and the Pravy Sektor without, however, disputing the official death toll. [2]
No images have surfaced of clashes between Metalist and Chornomorets fans, nor of the latter entering the Trade Unions House. In an earlier Euronews report, supporters of the Kiev-putsch government can be seen pelting stones at the police.
However, the Western version has in the meantime lost all credibility. Certain Ukrainian sites have pointed out that, although pro-Kiev hooligans did indeed attack the police on the sidelines of the football match and beat up many pro-Federalists, no pitched battle between the two groups took place.
The Trade Unions House had served as the Ferderalists' headquarters for several weeks. In the late afternoon, it was stormed by the supporters of the Kiev putschists. After burning a tent camp on the square, they besieged the House and, for twenty minutes, hurled Molotov cocktails at the front of the building and through the windows.
Finally, a fire broke out at two different points, on the ground and second floors. The smoke only spread to the upper floors through the stairwells.
The crowd was split between those who wanted to rescue the victims trapped inside and the overwhelming majority of those who were jubilating. Some were triumphantly filming the dead. Several people fell from the top floors that were not on fire. The firefighters eventually arrived.
When the hooligans entered the building after the fire was put out, they found most of the doors to be locked and had to force them open. Thereupon, they were met with lifeless bodies, proceeding to film the gruesome discovery themselves.
Photos taken by hooligans show some corpses intoxicated by the fumes, with no burn marks. However, on most of the bodies only the face and hands are burned. Other parts of the body and clothing are often intact, and there is no sign of fire in the room. Some bodies had been dragged along the ground.
Everything suggests that they were executed by a gang of killers operating inside the building, while other parts of the house were on fire. Then the crime seems to have been camouflaged by dousing the injured parts of the body with gasoline.
This version seems to be corroborated by the fact that when the hooligans entered, several rooms had already been ransacked.
Mozilla engineers are testing three new features called Containers, SnoozeTabs, and Pulse, which, if users react positively, might find their way inside Firefox, in upcoming versions.
All three are part of Test Pilot, a Mozilla program that allows users to test experimental features by installing a special add-on. The Test Pilot add-on then lets users select which of seven features to test.
Besides Containers, SnoozeTabs, and Pulse, the program also includes Min Vid, Page Shot, Activity Stream, and Tab Center. Most of these features have been launched during 2016.
Snooze Tabs
The first of the three new features launched in 2017 is called Snooze Tabs and is an add-on that will allow users to send tabs to the future.
By "future" we mean that users will be able to click a button in Firefox and "snooze" a tab for a period of time. Once selected, the tab will disappear and reappear after the snoozing period has expired.
In other words, it's just like the Pocket add-on, allowing users to save links, but tabs jump back in your face after a countdown timer expires.
Mozilla has been working on SnoozeTabs for at least two years, with an early draft of this feature surfacing back in August 2015, and via an add-on that was available for internal testing.
Pulse
The second experimental feature is called Pulse and is a tool that most likely won't be included in Firefox.
We say this because Pulse lets users rate how websites load and behave in Firefox, data which is sent back to Firefox engineers.
Pulse looks like a feature you'd expect to see in Firefox Nightly or Developer editions, rather than the stable Firefox cut, as it helps Firefox engineers understand how Firefox works, rather than bringing anything of value to end users.
Containers
The third and last Firefox feature is named Containers, previously also known as Container Tabs, a feature that is also available with Firefox Nightly since version 50.
Also launched as a Test Pilot experiment, Containers allows users to launch tabs in separate "containers," each with its own database for storing cookies, browsing cache, indexedDB, and localStorage data.
Data shared among the containers includes bookmarks, the browsing history, saved passwords, saved searches, form data, permissions, certificates, HSTS flags, and OCSP responses.
From the get-go, the feature will support four separate containers: Personal, Work, Finance, and Shopping. The names of these containers don't mean anything, as they have the same level of separation and privacy, and are there just to guide users and nothing more.
A hidden feature of Firefox Containers is that you can use them to log into the same websites with four different credentials, a different one for each container.
If you're having a hard time grasping what containers are, imagine them as separate "browsing sessions" that exist in the same browser, or four Private Browsing modes, but without privacy protections.
Don't forget! In order to activate these hidden features, you must first install the Test Pilot Firefox add-on, and then select which features you want to test.
A 38-year-old man who lives with his parents in the Village of Calumet Grove man has been sentenced to jail time in a golf cart DUI.
It was the fifth drunk driving charge for Chad Basford who is now serving a maximum of 210 days in the Sumter County Detention Center. He will also lose his driver's license for 10 years.
He pleaded no contest Aug. 29 to a charge of driving under the influence. His attorney, Cary Rada, negotiated a deal in which a charge of refusal to submit to testing was dropped.
Basford had been arrested in April after he was found unresponsive in a golf cart near the intersection of El Camino Real and Enrique Drive. The headlights and taillights of the golf cart were still activated. After a deputy woke up Basford, he admitted that he had consumed six Yuengling beers and a shot of whiskey at Gator's Dockside in Spanish Springs, an arrest report indicated.
He failed field sobriety exercises. He refused to provide a breath sample and said he wanted a lawyer.
Basford has four previous DUI convictions. They were in 1995, 2010, 2013 and 2014. You can read about his 2014 arrest HERE. As a result of that arrest, he was sentenced to one year's probation and his driver's license was suspended for six months.
AmberGreen Quote: Originally Posted by During maintenance, all updates and additional information will be posted on our Twitter account.
Lachryphage Quote: Originally Posted by Why can't you use the SWTOR site to update people about SWTOR? Why does everyone try to force me to use Twitter? You shouldn't be exclusively using a third party site for stuff like this. It would take 5 seconds to copy/paste to your own forum. We added this line to help folks know where to get their info when we post the maintenance messaging that the game servers, web, and launcher will be unavailable. During those more extensive maintenance periods, players aren't able to come to the forums or even log into the launcher to read messaging, and that's the only time we exclusively use Twitter to provide updates.
However, the line has been removed for tomorrow's maintenance because we have updated the messaging and will not need to take down the web and launcher. When those methods of communication are available, we'll keep all of them updated as needed.
Amber Green | Live Services Specialist
Follow us on Twitter @SWTOR | Like us on Facebook
[Contact Us] [Rules of Conduct] [F.A.Q.] [Dev Tracker]
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SHAWNEE, Okla. - A Shawnee homeowner says he was the victim of a break-in, but the intruder picked the wrong house.
Shawnee police were called to a home early Wednesday morning after receiving a report of a homeowner shooting an intruder.
Cardell and his wife, Frances, were asleep when they heard a banging on their back door.
"I grabbed my gun and loaded it," Cardell said.
Cardell, who is in his 70s, made his way into the living room and came face-to-face with a man armed with a shotgun.
"He kept hollering, 'Get on the ground! Get on the ground," Cardell said. "I told him, I said, 'You better get out of here. And he kept a coming, so I fired."
"I heard the shots and I didn't know if the guy had shot my husband," said Frances.
Fortunately, Cardell was not hurt.
However, police say his one round hit the alleged suspect in the chest.
"He had the right to do what he did," said Jason Crouch, with the Shawnee Police Department. "You're entitled to protect yourself and your family and your house."
Cardell says he did not have any experience using a firearm.
"No! That's my first time shooting a gun," he said.
Frances said they bought the gun hoping to never need it, but now she's glad it was there.
"This is something we never dreamed would have happened in our lifetime," Frances said.
The alleged suspect ran off but police found him hiding under a neighbor's truck.
Officers have identified the alleged suspect as 26-year-old Justin Ray Harjo, who lives in the Shawnee area.
He is now in the hospital in critical condition.
"I think they thought we were easy prey," Frances said.
Cardell says his gun jammed after he fired that first shot.
He says he doesn't want to think about what would've happened had he not hit Harjo on the first try.
In 1999, the Danish physicist Per Bak proclaimed to a group of neuroscientists that it had taken him only 10 minutes to determine where the field had gone wrong. Perhaps the brain was less complicated than they thought, he said. Perhaps, he said, the brain worked on the same fundamental principles as a simple sand pile, in which avalanches of various sizes help keep the entire system stable overall — a process he dubbed “self-organized criticality.”
As much as scientists in other fields adore outspoken, know-it-all physicists, Bak's audacious idea — that the brain's ordered complexity and thinking ability arise spontaneously from the disordered electrical activity of neurons — did not meet with immediate acceptance.
But over time, in fits and starts, Bak's radical argument has grown into a legitimate scientific discipline. Now, about 150 scientists worldwide investigate so-called “critical” phenomena in the brain, the topic of at least three focused workshops in 2013 alone. Add the ongoing efforts to found a journal devoted to such studies, and you have all the hallmarks of a field moving from the fringes of disciplinary boundaries to the mainstream.
In the 1980s, Bak first wondered how the exquisite order seen in nature arises out of the disordered mix of particles that constitute the building blocks of matter. He found an answer in phase transition, the process by which a material transforms from one phase of matter to another. The change can be sudden, like water evaporating into steam, or gradual, like a material becoming superconductive. The precise moment of transition — when the system is halfway between one phase and the other — is called the critical point, or, more colloquially, the “tipping point.”
Classical phase transitions require what is known as precise tuning: in the case of water evaporating into vapor, the critical point can only be reached if the temperature and pressure are just right. But Bak proposed a means by which simple, local interactions between the elements of a system could spontaneously reach that critical point — hence the term self-organized criticality.
Think of sand running from the top of an hourglass to the bottom. Grain by grain, the sand accumulates. Eventually, the growing pile reaches a point where it is so unstable that the next grain to fall may cause it to collapse in an avalanche. When a collapse occurs, the base widens, and the sand starts to pile up again — until the mound once again hits the critical point and founders. It is through this series of avalanches of various sizes that the sand pile — a complex system of millions of tiny elements — maintains overall stability.
While these small instabilities paradoxically keep the sand pile stable, once the pile reaches the critical point, there is no way to tell whether the next grain to drop will cause an avalanche — or just how big any given avalanche will be. All one can say for sure is that smaller avalanches will occur more frequently than larger ones, following what is known as a power law.
Bak introduced self-organized criticality in a landmark 1987 paper — one of the most highly cited physics papers of the last 30 years. Bak began to see the stabilizing role of frequent smaller collapses wherever he looked. His 1996 book, “How Nature Works,” extended the concept beyond simple sand piles to other complex systems: earthquakes, financial markets, traffic jams, biological evolution, the distribution of galaxies in the universe — and the brain. Bak's hypothesis implies that most of the time, the brain teeters on the edge of a phase transition, hovering between order and disorder.
The brain is an incredibly complex machine. Each of its tens of billions of neurons is connected to thousands of others, and their interactions give rise to the emergent process we call “thinking.” According to Bak, the electrical activity of brain cells shift back and forth between calm periods and avalanches — just like the grains of sand in his sand pile — so that the brain is always balanced precariously right at that the critical point.
A better understanding of these critical dynamics could shed light on what happens when the brain malfunctions. Self-organized criticality also holds promise as a unifying theoretical framework. According to the neurophysiologist Dante Chialvo, most of the current models in neuroscience apply only to single experiments; to replicate the results from other experiments, scientists must change the parameters — tune the system — or use a different model entirely.
Self-organized criticality has a certain intuitive appeal. But a good scientific theory must be more than elegant and beautiful. Bak's notion has had its share of critics, in part because his approach strikes many as ridiculously broad: He saw nothing strange about leaping across disciplinary boundaries and using self-organized criticality to link the dynamics of forest fires, measles and the large-scale structure of the universe — often in a single talk. Nor was he one to mince words. His abrasive personality did not endear him to his critics, although Lee Smolin, a physicist at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics, in Canada, has chalked this up to “childlike simplicity,” rather than arrogance. “It would not have occurred to him that there was any other way to be,” Smolin wrote in a remembrance after Bak's death in 2002. “Science is hard, and we have to say what we think.”
Nonetheless, Bak's ideas found fertile ground in a handful of like-minded scientists. Chialvo, now with the University of California, Los Angeles, and with the National Scientific and Technical Research Council in Argentina, met Bak at Brookhaven National Laboratory around 1990 and became convinced that self-organized criticality could explain brain activity. He, too, encountered considerable resistance. “I had to put up with a number of critics because we didn't have enough data,” Chialvo said. Dietmar Plenz, a neuroscientist with the National Institute of Mental Health, recalled that it was impossible to win a grant in neuroscience to work on self-organized criticality at the time, given the lack of experimental evidence.
Since 2003, however, the body of evidence showing that the brain exhibits key properties of criticality has grown, from examinations of slices of cortical tissue and electroencephalography (EEG) recordings of the interactions between individual neurons to large-scale studies comparing the predictions of computer models with data from functional magnetic resonance (fMRI) imaging. “Now the field is mature enough to stand up to any fair criticism,” Chialvo said.
One of the first empirical tests of Bak's sand pile model took place in 1992, in the physics department of the University of Oslo. The physicists confined piles of rice between glass plates and added grains one at a time, capturing the resulting avalanche dynamics on camera. They found that the piles of elongated grains of rice behaved much like Bak's simplified model.
Most notably, the smaller avalanches were more frequent than the larger ones, following the expected power law distribution. That is, if there were 100 small avalanches involving only 10 grains during a given time frame, there would be 10 avalanches involving 100 grains in the same period, but only a single large avalanche involving 1,000 grains. (The same pattern had been observed in earthquakes and their aftershocks. If there are 100 quakes measuring 6.0 on the Gutenberg-Richter scale in a given year, there will be 10 7.0 quakes and one 8.0 quake.)
Ten years later, Plenz and a colleague, John Beggs, now a biophysicist at Indiana University, observed the same pattern of avalanches in the electrical activity of neurons in cortical slices — the first key piece of evidence that the brain functions at criticality. “It was something that no one believed the brain would do,” Plenz said. “The surprise is that is exactly what happens.” Studies using magnetoencephalography (MEG) and Chialvo's own work comparing computer simulations with fMRI imaging data of the brain's resting state have since added to the evidence that the brain exhibits these key avalanche dynamics.
But perhaps it is not so surprising. There can be no phase transitions without a critical point, and without transitions, a complex system — like Bak's sand pile, or the brain — cannot adapt. That is why avalanches only show up at criticality, a “sweet spot” where a system is perfectly balanced between order and disorder, according to Plenz. They typically occur when the brain is in its normal resting state. Avalanches are a mechanism by which a complex system avoids becoming trapped, or “phase-locked,” in one of two extreme cases. At one extreme, there is too much order, such as during an epileptic seizure; the interactions among elements are too strong and rigid, so the system cannot adapt to changing conditions. At the other, there is too much disorder; the neurons aren't communicating as much, or aren't as broadly interconnected throughout the brain, so information can't spread as efficiently and, once again, the system is unable to adapt.
A complex system that hovers between “boring randomness and boring regularity” is surprisingly stable overall, said Olaf Sporns, a cognitive neuroscientist at Indiana University. “Boring is bad,” he said, at least for a critical system. In fact, “if you try to avoid ever sparking an avalanche, eventually when one does occur, it is likely to be really large,” said Raissa D'Souza, a complex systems scientist at the University of California, Davis, who simulated just such a generic system last year. “If you spark avalanches all the time, you've used up all the fuel, so to speak, and so there is no opportunity for large avalanches.”
D'Souza's research applies these dynamics to better understand power outages across the electrical grid. The brain, too, needs sufficient order to function properly, but also enough flexibility to adapt to changing conditions; otherwise, the organism could not survive. This could be one reason that the brain exhibits hallmarks of self-organized criticality: It confers an evolutionary advantage. “A brain that is not critical is a brain that does exactly the same thing every minute, or, in the other extreme, is so chaotic that it does a completely random thing, no matter what the circumstances,” Chialvo said. “That is the brain of an idiot.”
When the brain veers away from criticality, information can no longer percolate through the system as efficiently. One study (not yet published) examined sleep deprivation; subjects remained awake for 36 hours and then took a reaction time test while an EEG monitored their brain activity. The more sleep-deprived the subject, the more the person's brain activity veered away from the critical balance point and the worse the performance on the test.
Another study collected data from epileptic subjects during seizures. The EEG recordings revealed that mid-seizure, the telltale avalanches of criticality vanished. There was too much synchronization among neurons, and then, Plenz said, “information processing breaks down, people lose consciousness, and they don't remember what happened until they recover.”
Chialvo envisions self-organized criticality providing a broader, more fundamental theory for neuroscientists, like those found in physics. He believes it could be used to model the mind in all its possible states: awake, asleep, under anesthesia, suffering a seizure, and under the influence of a psychedelic drug, among many others.
This is especially relevant as neuroscience moves deeper into the realm of big data. The latest advanced imaging techniques are capable of mapping synapses and monitoring brain activity at unprecedented resolutions, with a corresponding explosion in the size of data sets. Billions of dollars in research funding has launched the Human Connectome Project — which aims to build a “network map” of neural pathways in the brain — and the Brain Research Through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies (BRAIN), dedicated to developing new technological tools for recording signals from cells. There is also Europe's Human Brain Project, working to simulate the complete human brain on a supercomputer, and China's Brainnetome project to integrate data collected from every level of the brain's hierarchy of complex networks.
But without an underlying theory, it will be difficult to glean all the potential insights hidden in the data. “It is fine to build maps and it is fine to catalog pieces and how they are related, so long as you don't lose track of the fact that when the system you map actually functions, it is in an integrated system and it is dynamic,” Sporns said.
“The structure of the brain — the precise map of who connects with whom — is almost irrelevant by itself,” Chialvo said — or rather, it is necessary but not sufficient to decipher how cognition and behavior are generated in the brain. “What is relevant is the dynamics,” Chialvo said. He then compared the brain with a street map of Los Angeles containing details of all the connections at every scale, from private driveways to public freeways. The map tells us only about the structural connections; it does not help predict how traffic moves along those connections or where (and when) a traffic jam is likely to form. The map is static; traffic is dynamic. So, too, is the activity of the brain. In recent work, Chialvo said, researchers have demonstrated that both traffic dynamics and brain dynamics exhibit criticality.
Sporns emphasizes that it remains to be seen just how robust this phenomenon might be in the brain, pointing out that more evidence is needed beyond the observation of power laws in brain dynamics. In particular, the theory still lacks a clear description for how criticality arises from neurobiological mechanisms — the signaling of neurons in local and distributed circuits. But he admits that he is rooting for the theory to succeed. “It makes so much sense,” he said. “If you were to design a brain, you would probably want criticality in the mix. But ultimately, it is an empirical question.”
This article was reprinted on ScientificAmerican.com.
The Tinder profile for "Balta." Image: El Pais
On September 4, a group of young activists planned to attend a demonstration against Interim President Michel Temer in the city center of São Paulo. They never made it. Their group had been infiltrated by an Army Captain Willian Pina Botelho—via Tinder.
Surveillance and infiltration are not new tactics, but the ACLU revelation last month that Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook had been sharing data with surveillance service Geofeedia reminds us that the internet is bringing it to whole new levels. The story of the "Tinder infiltrator" serves as a reminder for a generation of young activists who are organizing online: don't stop organizing, but be vigilant.
Tinder COINTELPRO
In 2013, thousands of Brazilians took their myriad frustrations with the government to the streets. The police and military met these demonstrations with severe violence. Political repression in Brazil has only gotten worse since then.
Botelho was a part of the Brazilian Army's intelligence service during these demonstrations. In December 2014, he created a Facebook profile using the name Baltazar Nunes. He also created Instagram and Tinder profiles, adorned with features such as fake Karl Marx quotes and images of him playing guitar—"o típico perfil de um esquerdo macho": a typical profile of a macho leftist.
"Balta" wasn't just a lurker. He chatted up activists, many of whom were doing a significant portion of their organizing online. On Tinder he told women that he was looking for "leftists" who he could relate to. In fact, it was a woman he had been flirting with who led him to the group of activists arrested on the 4th. The group planned to meet in person before heading to the demonstration together.
That meeting landed 21 young people in jail. They were supposedly arrested because they "looked suspicious," and later the police claimed they intended to commit vandalism. They didn't have anything truly incriminating with them, although the arrestees allege that the police planted items such as an iron bar on one person. As one member told the Brazilian website Ponte.org, the police said "it was one of the members who did not even have backpacked. [Who] would take the subway or bus with a blue iron bar?" Botelho specifically suggested the meeting place, and the arrestees believe that he reported it to the police.
After the arrests, the activists were taken to a special investigations unit, where they were held without attorneys or contact with the outside until a judge ordered them released in a strongly-worded decision that condemned the arrests. Only "Balta" was freed right away. He claimed on social media that he paid a bribe, but just days later he was publicly uncovered as an army officer by Ponte.org.
Despite continuing denials from the government, the Army confirmed this week that Balta was working with knowledge and cooperation from the São Paulo state government.
"Expose, disrupt, misdirect, discredit, or otherwise neutralize"
This type of infiltration and manipulation is not new. Secret police and social manipulation have been used, as former FBI Director J Edgar Hoover put it, to "expose, disrupt, misdirect, discredit, or otherwise neutralize" political dissent for most of the 20th century, from Syria to South Africa.
Hoover reigned over the FBI's infamous COINTELPRO, short for Counterintelligence Program. COINTELPRO, started in 1956 and "ended" in 1971, serves as a useful example because it was well documented. Using tactics of infiltration and manipulation of social movements and surveillance of activists, it left no movement untouched. The FBI's main focus was the civil rights movement and the Black Panther Party.
COINTELPRO tactics included infiltration with informants, sending anonymous letters encouraging violence between street gangs and the Panthers and sowing internal dissension in the Party, working with police departments to harass local branches of the Party through raids and vehicle stops, and propaganda. The FBI even created fake Black Panther Party propaganda—a coloring book that emphasized armed resistance:
One particularly well-known COINTELPRO action was the infamous "suicide letter" sent to Martin Luther King Jr. The FBI saw Dr. King as threat to national security, and subjected him to comprehensive surveillance and harassment. The anonymous letter encouraged Dr. King to kill himself.
Manipulation plus modern surveillance
"I didn't believe that they would sink so low, I didn't believe that anything I was doing would be interesting enough, so I think people need to know that this happens to real people."
These are the words of Kate Wilson, when she came out publicly as a survivor of political infiltration at Chaos Communication Camp in 2015. She spent two years living with a man named Mark Kennedy. In 2010, she learned that he was a cop who had infiltrated and disrupted the UK environmental movement.
Wilson said of Mark, "He was charming and disarming and he shared my interests and he shared my passion for the political things we were doing." Her story exemplifies how the government uses romantic connections for infiltration. As she has pointed out, it's especially disturbing when one remembers that it is agencies dominated by men who are manipulating women and arranging sex under false pretenses—something that amounts to assault, as the Metropolitan Police admitted when they withdrew their defense in Wilson's legal case against them.
And that's where modern surveillance makes things so much more dangerous, especially when the online and offline meet. As any fan of "social engineering" will tell you, the more background information you have, the easier manipulation is.
Of course, it's easier for a police officer to both make connections and gather information in the online world, and this is certainly happening. For example, a 2012-slide show from British spy agency GCHQ, leaked by Edward Snowden, describes how a special division of the agency "infiltrated chat rooms known as IRCs and identified individual hackers." There's also the kind of social media surveillance uncovered by ACLU, which appears to focus on real-time monitoring.
But what's equally concerning is how the government could use surveillance to inform its offline manipulation of social movements. The government can obtain an incredible amount of detail by combing through one person's Facebook posts—which is unsurprising, since movements like the fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline rely on social media to get the word out. But people post about not just their political messages and their plans, but also their hopes, desires, and fears. This is all material that a government informant could use, either to get close to a target or to publicly embarrass or blackmail them.
"Torci também para que eu não ficasse paranoico." ("I hoped I would not get paranoid.")
It's not just oversharing that makes these kinds of tactics more potent, either. Today's version of fake letters could easily be spoofed text messages or emails. Instead of microphones in a hotel room, police today could have access to myriad street-level surveillance technologies. Facial-recognition ready images collected by ubiquitous surveillance cameras, automated license plate readers, and cell phone tracking could easily provide details about an individual's life that could be used to both track and manipulate them.
The worst thing about these tactics is that, regardless of whether infiltration or provocation is actually successful, they have a chilling effect. One of the young people who was arrested in São Paulo wrote that, after his arrest and detention, he had no cell phone. He stayed at the house of a friend, and didn't use the internet at all. "Torci também para que eu não ficasse paranoico," he said—I hoped I would not get paranoid.
And this is perhaps the most important thing to take away from the Tinder infiltrator. As Kate Wilson put it, "this stuff happened to us because we were doing something right. Don't be scared by what we're saying. Be aware."
So often administrators leave office with an asterisk at the end of their accomplishment list. The notation typically adds to the history books details of a crisis mishandled, poor judgment that sparked a scandal or disdain from those who endured the leader's direct orders.
As Al Bowman prepares to depart from the Illinois State presidency, he too has a significant footnote that will forever serve as an indicator of his decade at the University's helm: There is universal lament for his departure.
I'm the only one happy with my news,” Bowman said, referring to the announcement of his retirement.
Immediately after sharing his decision in December of last year, Bowman heard from constituents across the campus, community and country who voiced their shock and dismay.
Gratitude has been the third emotion consistently expressed to Bowman, who became the 17th president on March 1, 2004, after serving one year in the office as interim. He remains at the helm while a national search for his replacement continues.
Stating a need to embrace a less stressful and demanding pace for the good of his long-range health, Bowman offered assurances that he is not abandoning the University he has served for 35 years in faculty and administrative roles.
“Illinois State has been the center of my life. I will continue to be a proud Redbird and hope to make Illinois State University an important part of my life for years to come,” Bowman said in his official announcement. He will teach each semester and hold an office in the Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders.
It was there he started his ISU career in 1978 as a faculty member in what was then the Department of Speech Pathology and Audiology. He arrived having completed a bachelor's in speech pathology at Augustana College, a master's in speech-language pathology from Eastern Illinois University, and while completing a doctorate at the University of Illinois in speech and hearing science.
The classroom was his intended destination.
“My plan was to earn tenure and teach classes in my specialty and do my research. I love teaching and the balance between teaching and research here at ISU,” Bowman said. “I never planned to be an administrator.”
His journey to the presidency began unexpectedly when his department chair retired and two in the faculty ranks vied for the position. Bowman was not interested in the post, which made him a perfect candidate to step in and unite the divided team.
“It was very difficult to heal that department,” Bowman said while reflecting on the assignment he was given in 1994. “But for me personally, it was the best experience of my life. I had assumed administrative work was boring, mundane and routine. I found it fascinating and especially loved the problem-solving activity that was central to the job. I was hooked.”
He led the department for eight years while teaching and serving as director of the Down Syndrome Speech-Language Clinic. Staff scholarly productivity doubled, the master's program rose in prestige to its current ranking as No. 1 in Illinois, and accreditation by the Council on Academic Accreditation of the American Speech-Language Hearing Association was awarded.
“I was ready to be department chair the rest of my life,” Bowman said. The fact he was content to remain in that position explains why those closest to him use the phrase “reluctant administrator” to describe Bowman's journey to the presidency.
The transition was truly scripted by others at the University, who continued to seek his help in filling key positions. It was President Victor Boschini who opened Hovey Hall's doors to Bowman, asking him to serve in 2002 as interim provost upon the departure of Al Goldfarb. In that role Bowman managed a $3.9 million rescission in Academic Affairs through targeted budget actions that preserved the quality and integrity of academic programs.
When Boschini resigned the presidency a year later, Bowman's dedicated service and reputation as a skilled manager resulted in yet another request for him to take on an interim role.
“That was my lottery win,” Bowman said, expressing gratitude that he was “at the right place at the right time” to step in as president. “The change underway was historic. The chance to be a part of it was an opportunity I couldn't pass up.”
The office became his following a national search. Those who have observed Bowman in the 10 years since concur that he truly was the right man for the job.
ISU has been transformed into a first-choice public university under Bowman's leadership. For seven consecutive years, Illinois State was ranked as one of the top 100 public universities in the nation for quality and value by Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine.
Several historic highs were achieved, including a freshman ACT score average of 24.3 and a freshman-to-sophomore retention rate of 85 percent. An Alumni Center was opened, classroom buildings were renovated and six residence halls remodeled. A $50 million student fitness center was constructed, as well as a 900-bed student apartment complex that became ISU's first-ever public/private venture.
The most significant change was the most difficult to achieve: Bowman managed to increase the level of pride for the University within the campus community and constituents, as well as the value alumni place on their degree.
“There is a sense of pride associated with where ISU is today and a recognition that we have separated ourselves from the competition,” Bowman said. Campus constituents have noticed the elevated esteem of Redbirds and attribute it in part to Bowman's sincere and caring demeanor that remains constant. His warmth is felt by students and legislators alike.
“I modeled my presidency on Bob Bone's approach to the office,” Bowman said, referencing ISU's beloved leader from the 1950s. “I liked the fact that he immersed himself in campus life and was very outgoing. I wanted to be an engaged president who used a common sense approach.”
The blueprint served Bowman so well that many on campus readily and regularly compare the two presidencies. The parallels were cemented when students gathered on the Quad just days after Bowman announced his resignation. They surprised Bowman with a secretly planned expression of thanks that included his wife, Linda; ISU cheerleaders; Reggie Redbird; members of the Big Red Marching Machine; and hundreds of students, faculty and staff who cheered for their beloved leader.
“That was without a doubt one of the best moments and memories of my presidency,” Bowman said. Others include completion of the University's first comprehensive campaign, Redefining “normal,” and Illinois State's advancement during a dreadful economic environment.
“It is so satisfying that we made incredible progress despite the fact that state support for higher education has declined. There have also been major demographic shifts in the population of prospective students,” Bowman said. “And yet this has been one of our best decades.”
The same cannot be said for the majority of universities in Illinois. What sets Illinois State apart? Bowman answers with praise for the expertise of his leadership team that he relied on for candid assessments.
“I spent a lot of time listening. I believe it is crucial to have a person or two who can tell you the truth, no matter how painful it is. I sent the message that I was looking for the right answer, not necessarily agreement with my own ideas.”
Bowman also has sincere appreciation for faculty and staff who are dedicated to the success of students. He expresses pride in a stellar student body; and applauds alumni and friends who invest their time, talent and resources into the University's programs and people. He also points to ISU's strategic plan as a pivotal part of the University's success.
“In my opinion, the turning point for Illinois State came with Educating Illinois. The conversations initiated in the 1990s that resulted in the document addressed what kind of institution we wanted to be,” Bowman explained.
“Once we decided our primary focus would be undergraduate excellence without retreating from a commitment to research and graduate programs, our future was solid and our progress inevitable.”
The living document assured decisions made across campus bolstered the University's core values, which include the pursuit of learning and scholarship, individualized attention, diversity, integrity and civic engagement.
“We took an approach that is very different from most universities when we decided it would be a mistake to be all things to all people,” Bowman said, admitting he was cautious.
“I said no to a lot of ideas, such as the creation of low-enrollment doctoral programs that are extremely expensive. I made certain we focused on what we could do well and what we could afford. Where we thought we could expand, we built new programs with existing resources.”
An example he gives is the introduction of a renewable energy program, which is a unique major with high interest among incoming students. It was implemented with minimal cost given the infrastructure within the College of Applied Science and Technology.
Another example of how Educating Illinois guided Bowman's decisions is his strong stance against increasing class size or shifting the burden of teaching to graduate students instead of faculty members. Doing so would reduce the overall expense ledger but would also lower the academic experience, which Bowman deemed too high a cost.
“We have faculty who compete in the national arena in their field, but who also value their teaching and interaction with students. That's what makes us unique. That's what has created a campus climate that people are talking about across the state,” Bowman said.
He knows the banter from having invested hours at the state capital, where he enjoyed working as Illinois State's advocate. Bowman never tired of explaining the University's endeavors, excellence and needs. He equally delighted in meeting with potential donors, eagerly sharing with them opportunities to support ISU's people and programs.
Even the most difficult part of the job—balancing the needs and expectations of myriad stakeholders who have an attachment to the University—became a labor of love for Bowman, who readily acknowledges he had hoped to stay in office another four years.
“I wanted to see the new facility for the College of Fine Arts completed and an addition to Milner Library finished,” Bowman said, admitting his retirement decision was made with difficulty.
“I still love this job. If I could slow down a little and stay as president, I'd do it forever,” Bowman said, but the demand of 80-hour weeks that fuse his personal and professional life take a toll. Having just turned 60 and with the University on solid ground, he and his family deemed the time for transition had come.
While aware that many on campus are concerned the momentum will slow when he departs, Bowman is confident Illinois State will continue on a strong projectory.
And he is pleased he will remain on campus to watch and cheer the progress that is yet to come. The fact he has no desire to relocate in retirement, declining numerous job opportunities during the past decade, fulfills one of the first promises he made as president.
“I said all along I wanted to close out my career at Illinois State. The decision to stay is easy. What an incredible opportunity to be part of the University's transformation. The professional satisfaction I obtained from that is why I stayed,” Bowman said. “What a historic and treasured opportunity.”
VIDEO: Here's a recap of the rally on the Quad last December for retiring President Bowman:
HONOR A LEGACY
Many have asked what they can do to express appreciation to the Bowmans. They have identified two areas close to their heart: ISU's Eckelmann-Taylor Speech and Hearing Clinic, and the Bowman Fellows Program. Consider honoring their years of service by making a gift to either, or give to the area of campus that matches your passion.
Go to IllinoisState.edu/Giving, call (800) 366-4478, or mail to Illinois State University Foundation, Campus Box 8000, Normal, IL 61790.
Protesters' signs are left near the White House during the Women's March on Washington on Jan. 21, 2017. The official Twitter account for the Women's March sent out a tweet calling for a "general strike" on March 8, calling it a "Day Without a Woman."
The organizers of the Women's March, which drew hundreds of thousands to Washington D.C. following President Donald Trump's inauguration, have a new day of action planned: "A Day Without a Woman."
The official Twitter account for the Women's March tweeted an announcement that the "general strike" would be held on March 8.
"In the spirit of women and their allies coming together for love and liberation, we offer A Day Without A Woman. #WomensMarch," the tweet says.
Historically, March 8 has been recognized as International Women's Day.
In a series of tweets following the announcement, the official account sent out questions such as, "Do businesses strive for gender equity or do they support the policies and leaders that perpetuate oppression?"
This isn't the first movement that aims to show Americans what a day without a large number of its population would be like.
On Thursday, a "Day Without Immigrants" took place in cities nationwide as immigrants were encouraged to stay home from work and school in protest of Trump's crackdown on immigration.
Similarly, a "Day Without Latinos" took place in Wisconsin Monday.
More information will follow on what kind of actions will take place on March 8, according to the Women's March's Twitter account.
SHARE
By
NAFTA: That flawed international trade agreement cost us at least a million family-supporting American jobs. Subsequent so-called free trade agreements have cost us millions more.
Now the multinational corporations have a new deal for us: the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). It's a "free trade" agreement among 12 Pacific Rim nations that includes some 40% of the world's total production. (Participating countries in the negotiations include Vietnam, Australia, Brunei, Malaysia, Peru, etc.)
We usually think of trade agreements as lowering tariffs, quotas and the like in order to promote trade. But that's not what contemporary trade agreements are really about. Only five of the 29 chapters of the TPP have to do with tariffs and quotas, for example. The rest of this 1,000-page treaty has to do with "harmonizing" standards and regulations of the participating nations.
The TPP has been negotiated in secret for over four years. Even members of Congress do not have full access to our negotiating positions. Wikileaks, however, has published the Intellectual Property and Environmental sections of the TPP (not finalized). All indications are that the TPP would "harmonize" standards by seriously undermining the few financial regulations we have, ban "Buy American" laws and local ordinances, limit Internet freedom, undermine worker health and safety regulations, further threaten the viability of family farms, reduce environmental protections, extend drug patents (driving up the cost of drugs), compromise the safety of imported food and give foreign corporations the ability to bypass the American legal system and demand compensation if new laws or regulations reduce their "expected profits." (Such cases would be heard not by American courts but by unaccountable tribunals that are part of the World Bank.)
It's a multinational corporation coup.
How could our government be promoting such an assault on the rights and interests of ordinary citizens? In part because this trade agreement is being negotiated solely by the U.S. trade representative (who reports to the president), aided by 600 certified corporate "advisers." Neither our elected representatives nor the general public nor citizen organizations have a voice in the negotiations.
That's where fast track authority comes in. The previous U.S. trade representative actually stated that if the American public knew what was in this agreement, there would be such an outcry that it could never pass Congress. Fast track is a means of getting the TPP approved before we even know what is happening.
What does fast track do? It allows the president to sign the completed agreement and write the implementing legislation. That legislation includes not only the provisions of the negotiated treaty, but it also changes existing federal law to bring it into conformity with the treaty's provisions. Congressional committees have only 30 days to review this text; then it goes directly to Congress.
Congress has just 60 days to consider this incredibly wide-ranging piece of legislation. Then it must vote on the bill. Congress is limited to 20 hours of debate, and no amendments are permitted. So even though our Constitution provides that Congress has the sole authority to "regulate Commerce with foreign Nations," fast track legislation gives this authority almost unchecked to the executive branch.
Fast track legislation was introduced Jan. 9. To their credit, many members of the House and Senate have voiced their opposition. Our members of Congress need to know that we do not want fast track or the TPP. We want international trade treaties that benefit American workers and farmers and that protect the environment, not new international laws that give multinational corporations more power at our expense.
David Newby is president of Wisconsin Fair Trade Coalition in Madison and president emeritus of the Wisconsin State AFL-CIO.
Square Enix have released their latest mobile installment of the enormous Final Fantasy franchise. Final Fantasy Record Keeper is a free-to-play game available for iOS and Android. In it, players take on the role of a young “record keeper,” instructed by a Moogle professor to travel into a magical gallery of paintings to recover the memories of heroic tales. These tales are of course those of the mainline Final Fantasy games (FF1 to FF13, though MMORPGs FF11 and FF14 are absent). Players dive in to dungeons based on memorable story events from these games, such as the bombing mission from Final Fantasy VII, and the destruction of Zanarkand from Final Fantasy X. Along the way, they pick up allies in the form of 16-bit renditions of iconic Final Fantasy heroes.
Gameplay is the traditional Active-Time Battle system, with some streamlined forms of magic abilities and Limit Breaks. I have to say it's a damn-sight better than Sqeenix's previous attempt at this concept: the atrocious Final Fantasy: All The Bravest. Whereas that “game” featured little interaction or challenge aside from waiting and tapping, Record Keeper does its best to offer a simplified version of classic Final Fantasy battling, with only a few microtransactions for acquiring better equipment, but nothing too scummy. With Final Fantasy Record Keeper, it feels like they've actually put in an effort this time, like it's an apology to anyone unfortunate enough to play ATB. It's not perfect of course, as the game suffers from frequent loading times and can often feel much too easy, but I have to say this is actually worth a look for anybody interested in a decent F2P game, and is certainly a more respectable love letter to the series than what came before it.
Official website
App Store page
Google Play page
As one of the world's leading activists against the Putin regime, I had no choice but to show up on Tverskaya Street today, to fight for your freedom and mine.
As expected, turnout wasn't particularly high. Although the area around the Pushkin Monument was crowded, it only extended to half a block in every direction. The regime loyalist I was with estimated there were about 5,000 protesters. A guy with a Ukrainian flag lapel badge whom I asked for his opinion said 10,000. Taking the average estimate from supporters and detractors was a good strategy for estimating crowd size in 2011-12, and coincidentally enough, the resulting figure of 7,500 coincided exactly with the police estimate of 7,000-8,000 protesters. This is not altogether bad, thought quite insubstantial in a city of 12 million.
To be sure, this was an unsanctioned protest, and as I pointed out earlier, a lot of the risk-averse office plankton who form the bulk of Navalny's support don't turn up to such protests. They don't want to run the risk of getting arrested, not when it could impact on their employment. Still, this is about 3x fewer participants than in the last big protest of the 2012 wave, which was also unsanctioned, the farcical “March of the Millions” of May 6 to which about 25,000 turned up.
With the lack of office workers in the crowd, the demographics were heavily tilted towards young people and university students, though there were quite a few older people with that Soviet intelligentsia look.
Definitely lots of Euromaidan supporters – apart from Ukrainian flag lapel badge guy, there was another man, who had the look of a protest veteran about him, who regaled a small crowd with tales of his adventures fighting the police in Khabarovsk, in Kiev in 2014, and afterwards, in Kharkov (the local police there was hostile, and they had to wait it out long enough for them to get reinforcements from Poltava and further west; putting things together, he was one of the people who helped preempt the formation of a Kharkov People's Republic). However, the Ukrainophilia wasn't quite as noticeable as in Ekaterinburg, where the crowd chanted, “He who doesn't jump is Dimon” (a riff on “he who doesn't jump is a Moskal,” a rallying cry for the “Glory to Ukraine” crowd).
(Incidentally, this is one reason of many as to why the protests in Russia are unlikely to amount to much – the Ukrainians, at least, advanced into bullets for their own nationalism during Euromaidan; in contrast, the pro-Ukrainian Russians at these protests are “cucking” for someone else's nationalism. Come to think of it, trolling the protesters by shouting “Glory to Russia” at the next protest might be a good idea).
There were also, as expected, plenty of journalists. Most of them were local media; I observed a couple from the opposition TV channel Dozhd, as well as a group from some state TV company. Incidentally, contrary to some reports, the protest was covered in the Russian state media, both in Russian and English. There did not seem to be many foreign journalists (perhaps It's too early in the political season for that). However, one of them, The Guardian's Alec Luhn, did manage to get himself arrested and charged with an administration violation, which he understandably complained about. On the other hand, such “heavy-handedness is hardly exclusive to Russia (e.g. six RT journalists were charged for covering violence at Trump's inauguration).
About 30 minutes after the announced start of the march, the police and the OMON started arresting people, darting into the crowds and hauling people off into the waiting police buses. Navalny was also arrested, not having even made it as far as the Pushkin Momument, let alone the Kremlin that was his destination.
The arrests were for the most part non-violent, though there were several hundreds of them, and one policemen was hospitalized for a traumatic head injury following a kick to the head from a protester.
While I'm myself rather indifferent to arrest – as a committed NEET, I have no need to worry about any repercussions on my employment or education prospects, and if anything it would provide me with nice new content – I certainly don't want my first arrest in Russia to happen at a fucking Navalny demo of all places, so I began skulking away as soon as the arrests started. I spent the next couple of hours drinking at a bar with my regime loyalist friend.
Towards the evening, I returned to Pushkin Square. It was much less crowded now, though there were still throngs of people discussing the days' events, with the police swooping down on them every so often to enquire as to whether they were protesting, and ensuing philosophical debates between them and the police about the semantics of group discussion versus group protest, and the precise point at which the former transitioned into the latter.
I descended into the Metro.
***
Learning From The Drought Of '12
By Chad Hellwinckel
28 July, 2012
Knoxville Permaculture Guild
The news outlets love a good disaster, and we've all been informed daily of the mega-drought in the Midwest. Three quarters of the US corn crop is under severe drought. Corn prices are up over 50% in the last month, soybeans are up almost 30%, and the USDA says they are still assessing the damage. No rain in sight yet and when combined with record low carryover stocks, we're probably looking at another record spike in prices. What I haven't heard in the news is any discussion over whether we have other options to avoid these increasingly regular crop disasters.
What happens to the crops in the Midwest impacts the world. All grain prices will be up. Meat, milk and egg prices will rise too, because of the animals dependence on these feed commodities. This year grain producing areas of the US have been hit hard. Last year it was the Mexican vegetables and southern US livestock. Since 2007, climate model predictions of increased weather variability are playing out in the real world. We can expect bumper harvests in between the crop failure years.
Farmers also have the extra burden of shouldering the other of the Twin Trends -- input price increases. As fossil energy production has leveled out since 2005, prices have increased, affecting the prices paid for fertilizers, chemicals, machinery, and seeds (which take energy to make). Along side the Twin Trends of increasing weather variability and increasing energy costs, we will have the Twin Crises of 1) increasing food prices and 2) falling farmer profits . Experts on climate and energy see no let-up in these trends.
People are asking,~ How can we keep food affordable (especially healthy food), and keep the business of farming profitable?
The cost of food is bound to increase from historic low costs, but 'healthy' food will increase less than 'unhealthy' food if we allow market forces to work. By 'healthy food' I mean food grown with a low use of fossil energy and grown close to market -- which will have the leg up on its 'unhealthy' industrial competition. Since 2005, and the sudden escalation of the Twin Trends, the local food movement has been growing steadily. New young farmers are locating in and around our cities, direct marketing to customers through CSAs, farmer's markets, and restaurants.
These new farmers are struggling, and there are still many logistical problems to solve as the local market grows. Fortunately, local food economies have lots of inefficiency in them. Yes, I'm saying that's a good thing. It's good because as energy prices go up, we can make local food more efficient as it grows in market size. For example, local slaughterhouses and crop aggregators are big unfilled niches that can make local healthy food competitive with ever increasing industrial food prices. The industrial system has no such slack in its production efficiency after 80 years of making strides to reduce costs. This study shows that even with the record high prices starting in 2008, higher input costs were shrinking conventional agriculture's net profit.
There are market forces at play pushing food production to be more decentralized, less fossil fuel intensive, closer to market, and, yes, healthier. BUT there is a countering force resisting movement away from centralized high-input monocultures. We must make sure that the countering forces do not harm the natural course of adaptation that is already emerging.
Smart policy would do three things:
1)Prioritize the growth of local agriculture, which grows vegetables, fruits, nuts, and raises chickens, eggs, beef cattle, goats, and milk cows on land surrounding our urban cores. Smart policy would educate perspective farmers on the efficiencies of permaculture design, subsidize land purchases, make land available for lease, incentivize slaughterhouses, develop food aggregating HUBS, alter city and county codes to make areas more farm and garden friendly, make soil building materials available at the neighborhood level for home-production. All these will help keep food more available and affordable than if we rely strictly on the conventional industrial supply lines. The growth in local low-input agriculture also has the side effect of being healthy.
2) Do not subsidize conventional agriculture unconditionally. Income crises will occur. Instead of giving conventional agriculture a blank check, any subsidization should be tied to conversion of land to practices that make the farm more resilient given the Twin Trends. Subsidies should be tied to practices such as cover crop usage, intercropping, crop/animal integration, conversion to pastures, and increases in soil organic carbon. Research shows that these practices can out-yield conventional practices. Current subsidized crop insurance programs place no conditions on practices. Our current policies are guaranteeing a net return on outdated and inefficient practices.
Local 'urban perimeter' agriculture will not likely supply a complete diet to all, and the vast hinterlands of the midwest will have a role. In 100 years, grains and some meat will still be produced far from markets and transported. But if we want such farms to operate without large subsidies, we must transition these farms to operate under lower input use and more resilient to extreme weather variability. A large portion of the land will likely be in pastures instead of grains, producing meat with fewer inputs. Grains will likely be grown in cover crops and in rotation with pastures.
3) Establish a national grain reserve to assure food in times of extreme emergency. A properly designed grain reserve would not operate as a subsidy, but rather as a market stabilizer by buying grain when its cheap and selling it when its expensive. Farmers of all types and sizes will benefit from relatively stable prices.
These three steps will help assure that our food is more resilient to the Twin Trends. Food will cost more regardless, but these policies will keep the price rises to less than if we continue along the conventional lines.
If conventional practices are kept afloat unaltered, then food prices will be artificially cheap in many years, and very expensive (or unavailable) in years where the system fails. With artificially cheap market prices, the more resilient, more input-efficient, local, urban perimeter agriculture will not scale up as quickly. This will leave our nation vulnerable to periodic food scarcity. And, as a nation as a whole, paying more for our food.
It looks like this year, the majority of people will be paying more for their food in the coming year. Our family will not be. We've been buying more local food for a few years. We pay more, but with this drought, our monthly food bill will not be increasing. The narrowing price spread between industrial and local food is propelling more people with every price spike to switch to local.
When the next mega drought (or flood) occurs in say 5 years, will we be ready? Will we have our cities ringed in farms, running off urban waste streams, growing their diverse crops upon an ever increasing sponge of soil organic matter. The deep soils and foliage canopies shielding crops and pastures from the worst impacts of drought and flood alike. Will our meat, eggs, and milk be produced upon pastures, resilient to feed grain price spikes? Will we have a grain reserve in place, assuring people a basic level of calories in extreme emergencies? To push forward, policymakers must keep the long-term trends and a vision in mind, and not fall into the narrow sighted tweaking of farm bill programs. We need to remember that we have options.
Chad Hellwinckel is a member of Knoxville Permaculture Guild
Get In The Christmas Spirit: A Popular Victorian Ghost Story
Back in the 19th century, ghost stories were all the rage at Christmastime. NPR's Linda Wertheimer reads a spooky Victorian tale.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #1: Martha Pym said she had never seen a ghost and that she would very much like to do so, particularly at Christmas, for you can laugh as you like, that is the correct time to see a ghost.
(SOUNDBITE OF JAMES HORNER'S "NO SIGN OF GHOSTS")
LINDA WERTHEIMER, HOST:
And for the Victorians, it was the right time for ghosts. That's the beginning of a Christmas ghost story from 19th century writer Marjorie Bowen. Let's set the scene. Martha Pym is an antique collector. Years ago, she purchased an incomplete set of china from an auction at Hartleys, an isolated house in the English countryside. It was a perfect set, save for one missing plate, and that's bothered her. Now, Martha is spending Christmas in the country right around the corner from Hartleys, which has, over the years, acquired a reputation for being haunted. Martha decides to pay a visit in case they might have the one missing plate from her Crown Derby set.
(SOUNDBITE OF KNOCKING)
WERTHEIMER: An old woman answers the door.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #1: Do come in. I get so few people to visit me. I'm really very lonely.
The passage was badly lit, but she was able to get a fair idea of Miss Lefain. Her first impression was that this poor creature was most dreadfully old, older than any human being had the right to be. She was also monstrously fat. Her gross, flacid figure was shapeless, and she wore badly cut full dress of no color at all but stained with earth and damp were Miss Pym supposed she had been doing futile gardening.
Dear me, dear me, she said in her thin, treble voice...
How very kind of you to come. I suppose you prefer the parlor. I generally sit in the garden.
WERTHEIMER: Martha finds the plate that completes her collection.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #1: But now that she had got what she had really come for, the plate, Martha Pym wanted to be gone. It was really very dismal and depressing in the house, and she began to notice a fearful smell. The place had been shut up too long. There was something damp rotting somewhere, in this horrid little dark closet no doubt.
I really must be going, she said hurriedly. Miss Lefain turned as if to cling to her, but Martha Pym moved quickly away. She could not stay another moment. Really, that smell
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
WERTHEIMER: On her way home, Martha runs into a sprightly young woman, a bit of a gossip who tells her Hartleys is empty. But no, says Martha, I was just there. The girl tells her that Miss Lefain couldn't bear the old empty house and abandoned the property, and she developed a funny notion of the prior owner, Sir James Sewell.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN #1: Old Sir James, well, he couldn't bear to leave Hartleys. He's buried in the garden. She thought he was after her, chasing round them bits of china.
Yes, yes, said Mrs. Pym with a sick look. You don't know what he was like, do you?
No, ma'am, but I've heard tell he was very stout and very old. I wonder who it was you saw up at Hartleys.
Miss Pym took a Crown Derby plate from her bag.
You might take that, she whispered. I shan't want it after all.
Before the astonished young woman could answer, Miss Pym had darted off. That short hair, that earth-stained robe, the white socks...
I generally live in the garden.
Martha shook and shuddered in the damp, trying to get out of her clothes and her nostrils that indescribable smell.
WERTHEIMER: That's a selection from "The Crown Darby Plate" by Marjorie Bowen.
(SOUNDBITE OF "MONSTER HOUSE" FILM)
Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
About
SLUM LORD
Slum Lord is an independent comedy series, created by Todd Pitman and Noah Milligan.
The show's main character is Jesus—a thirtysomething landlord from Minneapolis.
Jesus has long, light brown hair and a beard of varying length and kemptness. He has a long face, with high cheekbones. His routines, intellect, and diet are all sort of questionable. His last ten to fifteen years are "sort of cloud."
He also happens to look just like Christ Incarnate. The Son of Man. The Lamb of God. The Jesus—as he appears in paintings, books, movies, on TV, billboards, bumper stickers, decorative plates, and so on...
But this is not that Jesus.This is Jesus Johnson.
A self-proclaimed "path-of-least-resistance kinda guy," Jesus sees his life as a complicated series of frustrations: stuck behind a slow driver on his way to the dentist, sitting on hold with the cable company while his breakfast burns in the toaster, arguing with the waitress at the Mexican restaurant about the authenticity of his two dollar bills. And though the world may be slowly deteriorating around him, Jesus has enough difficulty just sorting out his own lot in life.
Jesus Johnson (Daniel Ettedgui)
To make his living, Jesus owns properties throughout Minneapolis and the greater Twin Cities. The tenants of his buildings are a diverse group, and play as large a part of the show as Jesus himself. There's the high school assistant principal, the Hasidic jeweller, the cab driver, the elderly man slowly losing his mind. A seemingly endless parade of common people, all of them scraping by—with varying degrees of success—in the early part of the Third Millennium of Our Lord.
THE SHOW
Most episodes revolve loosely around a simple premise: One of Jesus' tenants calls and asks him about making a repair, or a leaky this-or-that, and won't he come over and do something about it? He usually won't, but from time to time he'll begrudgingly fix a drippy faucet or a squeaky hinge.
Played by a cast of local comedians, actors, luminaries—and with your contribution, even you—Jesus' tenants and neighbors represent a cross-section of this day and age: They are friends and enemies, collectivists and individuals, teachers and students, cops and junkies, Pagans and Mormons—a cast of characters that richly portray our New America: one in flux, under the knife—all waiting to see what happens next.
Slum Lord is a truly local production, and aims for an accurate portrayal of the Twin Cities—and the upper Midwest as a whole. The soundtrack is comprised of recordings by local artists (City on the Make, Martin Devaney, and many more). Scenes are shot on-location, with local landmarks on full display. From Spoonbridge and Cherry to the Turf Club; Lake of the Isles to Grand Avenue, Slum Lord is a production that is proud to call the Twin Cities home. Right down to the very way its characters talk, the show exudes a contemporary Midwesternness that is at once affable, sarcastic, passive, deadpan, naïve and brutally honest.
And though the protagonist may seem familiar, Slum Lord is not overtly religious. It seeks to be accessible to those from all walks of life, and comedic in a universal way. Jokes are not at the expense of any one group of people over another, and do not reflect any specific political or religious slant. The show instead takes a survey of our modern world, without inherent judgment or pretense. Slum Lord is for everyone.
Each season is comprised of six episodes; each episode exists on its own and as part of a larger dramatic arc. The episodes run about 20 minutes each and are made up of written and improvised material, meaning that—though each episode of Slum Lord has a distinct plot and most of it is pre-written—much of the dialogue is ad-libbed by cast members on-set.
YOUR CONTRIBUTION
Your Kickstarter contribution helps fund the creation of the first two seasons of Slum Lord. Camera, lights, audio equipment—all aspects of production are backed by your Kickstarter contributions.
SoaR Gaming would like to introduce our Rocket League roster. We'd like to introduce Ted 'Iridium' Smith, Daniel 'Aeon' Dunfee, Ryan 'Sham' Keith, Benjamin 'NoxPheonix' McCain, and Stephen 'Stev' Edinger to the SoaR Gaming lineup. Rocket League® is a futuristic Sports-Action game, in which players are equipped with booster-rigged vehicles for a high-octane re-imagining of football and is growing each day being one of the most entertaining games to spectate. We are excited to be a part of the push towards eSports for this game and are excited to see our newly formed squad kill it in tournaments and events!
"Our Rocket League team is very excited to be representing SoaR in the growing Rocket League esports scene. We hope to continue perfecting our chemistry and working together to make SoaR one of the top teams in Rocket League." - Ted Iridium Smith, SoaR Rocket League Player
Iridium TedSmith
Aeon DanielDunfee
Sham RyanKeith
NoxPhoenix BenjaminMcCain
If Mamata Banerjee is the loudest voice of opposition against Modi, her party workers are trying to ape her by being the loudest voices at the local level. In one such attempt, local TMC leaders were raising their voice of opposition in BJP leader and Junior Minister Babul Supriyo's Parliamentary constituency, Asansol.
In yet another attack that was directed towards the Prime Minister, TMC run Asansol Municipal Corporation has sent out notices to about 40 petrol pumps in Asansol instructing them to pay a display tax if they wanted to exhibit anything on their hoardings.
Interestingly, most petrol pumps in the area have hoardings promoting the Prime Minister's endeavours ranging from the Jandhan Yojna to the current demonetisation drive, featuring Narendra Modi in most of them.
STATEMENT OF MAYOR AND RESPONSE: The Mayor of Asansol, Jitendra TiwaRI said, "There are around 40 petrol pumps which have been notified that if they want to put up any hoarding of any sort, they will have to pay a display tax. The agencies which put up hoardings around the town, complained that they had to pay a display tax, while the petrol pumps did not have to pay any taxes for the hoardings that they put up". "We thank the people who informed us about it, and as a result, we have levied display taxes on the petrol pump hoardings too and asked the petrol pumps to pay the taxes within a week". "We don't have any problem with whoever displays their ads or promotes whatever in the hoarding. They just have to pay a nominal fees in terms of the tax, even if it is the central government". "Now, if the central government wants to fill the town with their hoardings for free, is it viable? Everyone has to follow the laws, whether its the central or the state government. The rules and regulations of the West Bengal Municipal Corporation has to be obeyed by everyone, irrespective of anything." "The hoardings that are put up have nothing to do with us. It is put up by the Indian Oil authorities, and removed at their will. This is Indian Oil's pump and their hoarding. Why would a petrol pump owner do anything about the hoardings?" said Anup Chatterjee, who is a manager at an Indian Oil petrol pump in Asansol.
DIDI VS MODI FACE-OFF
The Didi versus Modi face-off has found new active fronts and no one from either party is backing off from taking a jibe at the other.
Babul Supriyo claimed that it was political vendetta and vengeance on the minds of TMC party leaders rather than focusing on the development of Asansol.
All office bearers of the TMC are finding ways to please the party chief and there is evidently not many better ways to accomplish that than to attack the BJP.
ALSO READ:
Mamata Banerjee: Like Ali Baba, Modi has robbed people using demonetisation scam
Demonetisation: Mamata Banerjee takes yet another jibe at Modi
Julian Dawkins (center), 22, was shot by an Arlington County sheriff's deputy. Bryan Matthews, 15, on the left, and 30-year-old James Williams are seen with him. (Courtesy of Curtis Dawkins)
Julian Dawkins went to his aunt's house in Alexandria on Tuesday night to celebrate: His cousin had just learned that she had made the Washington Mystics roster for this season. When the gathering ended, a neighbor heard Dawkins talking with, then arguing with, then chasing a man down the street.
According to police, Dawkins, 22, a shuttle driver for the “PBS NewsHour,” was fatally shot by an off-duty Arlington County sheriff's deputy. Family members say they are still struggling to understand why.
“He was a working guy. Didn't bother anybody,” said Curtis Dawkins, Julian Dawkins's father. “It's just so sad and senseless that these things had to occur.”
As of Wednesday afternoon, the deputy — 44-year-old Craig Patterson — had not been charged. Ashley Hildebrandt, an Alexandria police spokeswoman, said that detectives had interviewed him and that he was released.
Hildebrandt declined to provide details of the encounter between Patterson and Dawkins, including whether it followed some type of altercation. She said police were called to the 100 block of Lynhaven Drive about 12:45 a.m. Wednesday and arrived to find Dawkins wounded. He was taken to a hospital, where he was later pronounced dead, she said.
Friends erected this makeshift memorial in Alexandria at the home on Lynhaven Drive where Julian Dawkins was fatally shot by an Arlington County sheriff's deputy. (Matt Zapotosky/The Washington Post)
Hildebrandt said detectives believe Patterson to be the shooter.
Maj. Susie Doyel, the director of administration for the Arlington County Sheriff's Office, said Patterson was placed on administrative leave with pay while
internal-affairs detectives probe the incident.
Efforts to reach Patterson were unsuccessful. A copy of the sheriff's office's annual report shows that last year, he was named employee of the quarter. Hilde­brandt said both he and Dawkins lived in Alexandria.
Family members said Daw­kins often stayed at his aunt's house on Lynhaven Drive, and Tuesday night, he and others had gathered there to celebrate the news that Tierra Ruffin-Pratt, Dawkins's cousin, had made the Washington Mystics.
Gwen Pratt Miller, Dawkins's mother, said the gathering was mellow. She said that several hours after she left, a relative called to say her son had been shot.
Miller and other family members said Dawkins was a graduate of T.C. Williams High School, where he played basketball, and he hoped to one day start his own car detailing business. Since June 2010, he had worked as a shuttle driver for the “PBS NewsHour,” authorities said. Linda Winslow, an executive producer, said in a statement that Dawkins was a “hard worker and very dedicated to the ‘NewsHour.' ”
A neighbor who declined to give her name because she feared for her safety said she heard Dawkins talking casually with someone outside her home about 12:30 a.m. She said that the conversation soon grew louder and that someone told Dawkins, “I have been around here longer than you have.” Dawkins, she said, responded, “Get off this street.”
The neighbor, 36, said she looked outside to see Dawkins — whom she knew because he had lived next to her — chasing a man down the street. After Dawkins stopped, the man yelled, “I'll be back. You best believe I'll be back,” the neighbor recalled.
Some time later, the neighbor said she heard a single gunshot and looked outside to see the man standing in a neighbor's yard. Dawkins, she said, was faced down, with his cellphone on the lawn nearby.
Dawkins's relatives said police had told them little about the case. Miller said she was especially troubled that the deputy was off-duty, carrying his weapon in an area outside his jurisdiction.
“If it was some type of altercation going on and it seemed to get out of control, you should have called Alexandria police,” Miller said.
Curtis Dawkins said he hopes Patterson will be “prosecuted to the fullest.” He said his son's friends and relatives — dozens of whom gathered at the scene Wednesday to erect a memorial of flowers and champagne bottles — are determined to raise awareness about the case.
“This is not gonna die,” he said. “That corner's gonna be full for a long time.”
Jennifer Jenkins contributed to this report.
In a hearing of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, Elizabeth Warren cited a report that argues that if the minimum wage had kept up with productivity gains since 1960, it would now be $22.
Addressing Dr. Arindrajit Dube, a University of Massachusetts/Amherst professor who has studied the economic impacts of minimum wage, the senior senator from Massachusetts asked, “So my question is, Mr. Dube, with a minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, what happened to the other $14.75? It sure didn't go to the worker.”
Dr. Dube noted that if workers' wages had risen at the same rate as the richest Americans', the minimum wage would be $33.
When David Rutigliano, a restaurant owner testifying against raising the wage, argued that it would have an inflationary effect, Warren redirected that question to Dube, who noted that no study has found that to be true.
President Obama called for increasing the federal minimum wage to $9 in his State of the Union address. Last Friday, House Republicans voted unanimously against a bill that would have set the lowest wage adult workers can receive at $10.10 by 2015.
A majority of ethnic, demographic and political groups support the president's minimum wage hike, according to recent poll from Gallup.
© AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, David Carson Ferguson Commission Co-Chair Rev. Starsky Wilson, second from the left, talks with from left, Shirlissa Pruitt, Anthony Levine, Tina Cramer and Amir Brandy during a break in the third Ferguson Commission meetings in St. Louis, at Il Monastero St. Louis University.
ST. LOUIS — In the aftermath of Michael Brown's death, legal activists suggested that some of the raw anger in suburban St. Louis had its roots in an unlikely place — traffic court.
It was there, they said, that low-income drivers sometimes saw their lives upended by minor infractions that led to larger problems. If left unpaid, a $75 ticket for driving with expired tags could eventually bring an arrest warrant and even jail time.
So courts began an experimental amnesty program designed to give offenders a second chance by waiving those warrants. But the effort is attracting relatively few participants, despite a renewed emphasis on municipal court reform after Brown's death last summer in Ferguson.
St. Louis County's jumble of more than 80 municipal courts has been targeted by some public-interest lawyers who say the courts are virtual debtors prisons, extracting fines and fees from poor drivers and using the money to fund local governments, which in some cases serve just a few hundred residents.
"They make people poor, and they keep people poor," said Thomas Harvey of the nonprofit legal clinic ArchCity Defenders, which is suing Ferguson and six other small cities, alleging they collect illegal court fees.
On Thursday, Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster announced a lawsuit targeting 13 St. Louis County municipal courts over financial reporting requirements. Later in the day, St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay planned to announce a new effort to give municipal judges more discretion to consider violators' ability to pay when handling traffic offenses.
Critics of the traffic courts describe prolonged legal nightmares that can begin with tickets for driving with a suspended license or without proof of required inspections, what Harvey called "crimes of poverty."
Defendants unable to pay those fines or hire an attorney to negotiate a plea deal may then miss their court dates or fail to sign up for payment plans. Judges issue failure-to-appear warrants, which can lead to larger fines and court costs and even jail time on top of the original penalties, not to mention time missed from work or school.
Robert Lamont Douglas, 39, was recently issued five citations in the village of Bel-Ridge for traffic violations that included driving without insurance and failing to register his car.
"The main question was, 'Am I wanted or do I have drugs in the car?'" Douglas said. "I was singled out because I was black. The assumption is I must have warrants, drugs or guns."
A 2013 report by Koster's office found that Ferguson police stopped and arrested black drivers nearly twice as frequently as white motorists but were also less likely to find contraband among black drivers.
The amnesty program in the city of St. Louis allows defendants who face arrest for failing to appear in municipal court to reschedule those hearings without penalty. But it has attracted fewer than 4,000 participants out of 75,000 who are eligible, despite an aggressive outreach campaign.
"It's a matter of trust," said the Rev. Starsky Wilson, co-chairman of the state's Ferguson Commission, on the low amnesty participation rates. "It's something that has to be rebuilt over time."
The story is similar in St. Louis County, where just a few hundred people have opted for an amnesty program that requires a $100 payment to wipe out traffic-court arrest warrants. Both efforts continue through the end of the year.
In Ferguson, the city no longer issues failure-to-appear warrants and is dismissing the charge in pending cases. Elected officials in September voted to cap municipal court revenues at 15 percent of the city's total revenue. They also eliminated a fee for towing cars and forgave warrants for nearly 600 defendants.
Municipal courts in St. Louis and St. Louis County collected nearly half of the $132 million in fines and fees paid statewide, despite the area being home to fewer than 1 in 4 Missourians, according to an October study by the nonprofit group Better Together.
More than $45 million — or 34 percent — of that amount came from the county's municipal courts, even though their combined population represents just 11 percent of the statewide total.
Fourteen of those cities — including Vinita Terrace, population 277, and Bellerive, population 188 — depend on traffic-court fees and fines as their largest source of revenue, eclipsing sales and property taxes. Each lies in the predominantly black inner suburbs known as North County.
In Calverton Park, a seven-officer police force helped generate $484,000 in fines in the 2013-2014 fiscal year. That's almost 65 percent of the annual revenue for a city with fewer than 1,300 residents, some 40 percent of whom are black.
Without revenue from fines and fees, the communities could not afford to operate, the study concluded. "The municipal courts in many areas of St Louis have lost the faith of their communities," it said.
Among the recommended changes to Missouri's municipal courts is a rule that would limit them to providing 10 percent of the revenue for local government, compared with the current limit of 30 percent — a threshold that is rarely enforced. The Missouri Municipal League says such a limit would bankrupt many of its smaller members.
Vestiges of a court system unaccustomed to outside scrutiny persist.
On Monday, court officials and St. Louis marshals ordered an Associated Press reporter to leave the municipal courthouse during an open court docket, despite state laws that generally allow for public access to legal proceedings with limited exceptions.
Maggie Crane, a spokeswoman for the St. Louis mayor, later said the exclusion was a mistake.
___
Follow Alan Scher Zagier on Twitter at http://twitter.com/azagier .
Hello everyone, Kahotan here! (@gsc_kahotan)
I've recently found out how delicious agemanju are! Whoever though of that way to them is a genius!
But anyway… today we're going to be taking a look at the 1/8th scale…
Honoka Kousaka!
From the popular anime series ‘Love Live!' comes a 1/8th scale of the idol group μ's leader, Honoka Kousaka! She is posed wearing her outfit from the anime's first opening theme! The figure captures Honoka in mid-performance, showing off her optimistic side with a lovable smile – one of the many reasons she makes such a great idol! Her outfit has been detailed down to the most intricate of frills, and both the outfit and her hair are sculpted dynamically to show her moving about during her live performance! A figure filled with charm for all Love Live fans to enjoy!
Honoka-chaaaan!!! （*´▽｀*）
It's been quite awhile since she was first revealed, but she's finally ready to go up for preorder! A figure of Honoka wearing the lovely outfit from the “Bokura wa Ima no Naka de” opening theme of the 1st season! Taking a nice close look at this figure made me realise just how cute the outfit is! ♡
From the right side you get a nice view of all the different frills on her outfit, each dynamically scupted to capture the instant of motion! (｡･ω･)ﾉﾞ
… not to mention her lovely, healthy looking thighs!
Even her fingernails have been carefully detailed…! (｀・ω・´)ゞ
The large ribbon on her chest as well as the collarbone you can see in the opening above it! Delicious!!
The smaller frills on her blouse are also all carefully sculpted! The chequered line on her skirt and the little ornaments all over the outfit all come together so nicely! ヽ(*・ω・)人(・ω・*)ノ
There is a little gap between her blouse and skirt which lets you get a little peek at her hips! ( -ﾉｪ-)
I also personally love the close fit of the blouse! ♡
(・∀・) “The front also shows off some skin, including her belly button!”
We're joined by the product's planner, Hamako!!
(・∀・) “The black lace areas of her outfit are made using clear parts which give a bit of a transparent effect to enjoy!”
The reverse side of her knees also look amazing… (*´Д`)
You can even make out her skin through the black stockings!
(・∀・) “Yep, she really has a nice body to enjoy… but personally it's her expression that really brings out the figure for me!”
(・∀・) “She looks so optimistic with a smile that will inspire anyone!! It captures Honoka perfectly!”
Honoka's lively personality comes out in full force! ヽ(*・ω・)人(・ω・*)ノ
(・∀・) “The expression was done by Eco-shi from the production team!”
Ooh! We should see what he has to say too!!
\ GSC Production Team Summon: Eco-shi!! /
(・∀・) “Hello! I'm Eco! I'm from the painting team focusing mainly on expressions!”
How was working on Honoka-chan for you? (｀・ω・´)
(・∀・) “The shape and size of Honoka-chan's eyes are strangely different betweem illustrations. They all look great, but it made it quite difficult to decide on how to make the eyes look on the figure!”
(・∀・) “But in order to create the perfect Honoka-chan, I studied all sorts of different illustrations of her, and listened to her songs over and over again!“
…? ( ﾟдﾟ)
I understand how looking through various illustrations can help… but why were you listening to her songs?!
(・∀・) “Hmmm… the expression needed to capture Honoka while she was singing, and as a Love Live! fan I'm a big fan of her voice so it just seemed natural. I wanted people to look at this figure and imagine Honoka's voice playing through their head!
As expected of a Love Live fan and member of the GSC Love Live club! Looking at her expression really does bring out her enthusiastic voice in my mind!
Whilst the pose isn't anything too complex, it's still overflowing with character! That together with the posing and outfit all come together for an astounding figure!
(・∀・) “I hope fans will be able to see the effort and love that has gone into the making of this figure! I really think it captures Honoka's charm!”
Enough to make you hear her singing voice…! ♪
The 1/8th Scale:
Honoka Kousaka!
She'll be up for preorder from tomorrow!! ♥
Be sure to check the GSC site for more info!
ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ
Finally a quick notice!
This figure will be on display at the Milky Holmes & Bushiroad 7th Anniversary Live in Yokohama Arena on the 24th May!
=========
Milky Holmes & Bushiroad 7th Anniversary Live in Yokohama Arena
Date: 24th May 2014 (Sat)
Time: Lobby Open: 13:30 / Performance Start: 15:30
Location: Yokohama Arena
Official Site: http://bushiroad.com/sp/milky-bushi/index.html
*Tickets are required to enter.
=========
The GSC booth will feature other new figures a goods sales as well, so be sure to stop by!
ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ
／Kahotan's Inner Voice＼
∧＿∧
（o・ω・）.。0 (“Saa… yume wo dakishimetara~ ♪”)
（ つ♡⊂
と＿）＿）
Anyway, I hope to see you all again tomorrow!
Planning Team / Kahotan
Twitter ID: gsc_kahotan
© 2013 プロジェクトラブライブ！
Protesters of the mandated ultrasound law that was recently pushed through the Wisconsin State Senate were met with a legislative aide who took the law into his own hands. In a shocking display of aggression, he manhandled and forcibly removed the demonstrators before locking them out of the senate offices.
The YouTube video identifies Legislative Training Officer Jacob Clark as the man in this video using force and fighting against the crowd. He attacked the man in the wheelchair seen at the start of the video as someone in the crowd yelled, “Jacob, that is not your job.” There was a frenzy of physical activity as the aide pushed the protesters while he attempted to close the doors. Police stood by and did nothing.
“Shame” was chanted by the crowd and the event was recorded by several people.
YouTube: please specify correct url
Kimberley A. Johnson (BIO) – A.K.A. The Anti Coulter is the author of The Virgin Diaries and an activist for women's rights. Like her on Facebook, Twitter or friend her on FB HERE.
(Visited 7 times, 1 visits today)
Writing a path
tracer in Rust Part IV Tracing rays written by Ruud van Asseldonk
published 19 August, 2014
As a learning exercise, I am porting the Luculentus spectral path tracer to Rust. You can follow the port on GitHub. This post will outline scene intersection and materials, and I will highlight some of the differences between C++ and Rust.
Rays
Last time I promised there would be rays, so here they are:
struct Ray { Vector3 origin; Vector3 direction; float wavelength; float probability; };
Because Luculentus is a spectral path tracer, every ray has an associated wavelength. Interaction with surfaces depends on this wavelength. Every ray also has an associated probability, which acts similar to colour components in a regular path tracer. In Rust, the ray looks like this:
pub struct Ray { pub origin: Vector3, pub direction: Vector3, pub wavelength: f32 , pub probability: f32 }
Now we need something to intersect a ray with: a surface. In C++, the intersection and surface are defined as follows:
struct Intersection { Vector3 position; Vector3 normal; Vector3 tangent; float distance; }; struct Surface { virtual bool Intersect( const Ray ray, Intersection& intersection) const = 0 ; };
An Intersection contains details about the surface at the intersection, and the distance along the ray. The distance is later used to pick the closest intersection. A surface is just an abstract base class with an Intersect method. The method takes an intersection by reference. If the surface was intersected, it returns true and the intersection is filled with the details. If the ray did not intersect the surface, it returns false . An other approach would be to return an Intersection* , and return null when there is no intersection. This would involve a heap allocation, so I opted for the first approach.
Rust has a cleaner way to handle optional values: the Option type. The intersection and surface in Rust are defined like this:
pub struct Intersection { pub position: Vector3, pub normal: Vector3, pub tangent: Vector3, pub distance: f32 } pub trait Surface { fn intersect(& self , ray: &Ray) -> Option <Intersection>; }
Whereas in C++, surface classes derive from Surface , in Rust they implement a trait. The intersect method returns some intersection if there was one, or None if nothing was intersected. I find this to be a more natural approach than an out argument. Note that even though this is like returning a pointer that might be null in C++, there is no heap allocation involved here.
Materials
Now we can intersect surfaces, but there is an other part to path tracing. When a surface is intersected, the material at that point determines how the light path continues. In C++, all non-emissive materials derive from Material :
struct Material { virtual Ray GetNewRay( const Ray incomingRay, const Intersection intersection, MonteCarloUnit& monteCarloUnit) const = 0 ; };
The material takes the incoming ray and intersection details, and produces a new ray. This method need not be deterministic, so a Monte Carlo unit is provided as well, which is a wrapper around a random number generator. Every thread has its own Monte Carlo unit, so there is no race for random numbers.
In Rust, Material is a trait:
pub trait Material { fn get_new_ray(& self , incoming_ray: &Ray, intersection: &Intersection) -> Ray; }
Rust has a task-local random number generator, so there is no need to provide one explicitly: random number generation cannot race.
Besides a regular reflective material, Luculentus also has an EmissiveMaterial for light sources. EmissiveMaterial has one method that returns the light intensity for a given wavelength. The Rust trait is similar to the abstract class in C++. This approach is great when the light source has a broad spectrum (like the sun or a light bulb), but it does not work for spectra with only a few spectral lines (like a natrium lamp). Because wavelengths are chosen at random, the probability of hitting a spectral line is too low. This could be compensated for by not choosing wavelengths at random, but Luculentus is not that advanced.
Objects
The scene in Luculentus consists of objects. Objects have some geometry described by a Surface , and they can either be emissive (for light sources) or reflective. In C++, this is done as follows:
struct Object { std:: shared_ptr<Surface> surface; std:: shared_ptr<Material> material; std:: shared_ptr<EmissiveMaterial> emissiveMaterial; };
The surface pointer must never be null, and either the material or emissive material must be non-null. It works, but the compiler does not prevent you from creating an invalid object that contains no material, or both a reflective and emissive material. It could be improved a bit by using a tagged union, but for this simple case, two pointers suffice. In Rust, valid objects can be enforced statically:
pub enum MaterialBox { Reflective( Box <Material>), Emissive( Box <EmissiveMaterial>) } pub struct Object { pub surface: Box <Surface>, pub material: MaterialBox }
Enums in Rust are more than glorified integers: they enable sum types. There is no way to assign both a reflective and emissive material to an object now, and because Rust does not have null pointers, there is also no way to assign no material to an object. Much better than the C++ version!
The Box is like a unique_ptr in C++. Note that the types inside Box are the traits we defined above, not structs. This is the way to do runtime polymorphism in Rust. The value in the Box could have any type, provided that it implements the right trait.
We now have everything to build and intersect a scene. Luculentus is a simple proof-of-concept path tracer, so there is no data structure for fast scene intersection. The scene is just a vector of objects, and to intersect it, we intersect all objects, and return the closest intersection.
Putting it together
Given a ray, we would like to simulate a light path (from the camera backwards), until a light source is hit. Then we can compute the intensity of light along this path.
Ray ray = camera.GetRay(monteCarloUnit); float intensity = 1. 0f ; do { Intersection intersection; const Object* object = scene->Intersect(ray, intersection); if (!object) return 0. 0f ; if (!object->material) { // If material is null, emissiveMaterial is not null. return intensity * object->emissiveMaterial->GetIntensity(ray.wavelength); } ray = object->material->GetNewRay(ray, intersection, monteCarloUnit); intensity *= ray.probability; } while (...)
We intersect a ray with the scene. If nothing was hit, the light intensity is zero — a black background. If an object was intersected, and its material pointer is null, its emissiveMaterial is not null by assumption, so the object is a light source. The final intensity is the intensity of the light source reduced by the effects of previous bounces. If the material pointer was not null, we ask the material to generate a ray that continues the path. The loop continues with a probability that decreases with every intersection. For simplicity, I omitted the details in the code. Paths with a low intensity also have a higher chance of being terminated. If the loop terminates, the intensity is just zero.
The Rust version uses pattern matching instead of null pointers:
let mut ray = camera.get_ray(); let mut intensity = 1.0f32 ; loop { match scene.intersect(&ray) { None => return 0.0 , Some ((intersection, object)) => { match object.material { Emissive( ref mat) => { return intensity * mat.get_intensity(ray.wavelength); } , Reflective( ref mat) => { ray = mat.get_new_ray(&ray, &intersection); intensity = intensity * ray.probability; } } } } if ... { break ; } }
I find the C++ version more aesthetically pleasing and readable. The Emissive and Reflective enum variants contain a Box with the material. If we were to match on that, it would move the box into the match variable. Here we do not want to take ownership of the material, so by matching with ref , the mat variables will borrow the material instead.
For the cases in this post, the types in Rust and C++ are very similar. However, Rust has a more advanced type system, with several benefits: it prevents you from constructing invalid objects, and it forces you to consider every case. Next time I will discuss how ray intensities are converted into an image.
Discuss this post on Reddit. Rust 0.12.0-pre-nightly was used in this post.
Sacramento police have released three dashcam videos and one surveillance video which show the pursuit and killing of 50-year-old Joseph Mann, who was shot 14 times by police.
Video and audio recordings were released by Sacramento Police Chief Sam Somers on Tuesday after mounting pressure from the mayor, members of the city council and Mann's family, who called for more information surrounding the July 11 shooting.
READ MORE: Police shooting of Terence Crutcher prompts federal investigation
“It's unprecedented for us to release video prior to the adjudication process,” Somers told reporters. “There are times that we're in today, sometimes it's important that we come out with this video or this audio.
“It's a very disturbing situation when you have to see someone lose their lives and it's captured on video.”
WARNING: GRAPHIC VIDEOS
Officers were called to the scene in Del Paso Heights by two 911 callers who claimed to have seen a “mentally ill” man armed with a gun and brandishing a knife. The knife allegedly involved in the incident was later found, but no gun was located.
READ MORE: ‘People still don't get why Kaepernick's kneeling?': Twitter blasts #TerenceCrutcher killing
The disturbing footage shows two officers fire 18 shots at Mann, 14 of which hit him, following a five-minute pursuit.
Mann's family claim the officers should not have used lethal force, alleging he was in the midst of a mental crisis and have filed a federal civil rights lawsuit and a claim against the city.
Although the possibility of Mann suffering from mental illness was raised during the 911 call, the dispatch did not pass this information on to officers, KCRA3 reports. John Burris, attorney for Mann's relatives, said “Any reasonable police officer should have noticed that he was mentally impaired” and that his behavior did not warrant him being shot multiple times.
In the surveillance video, Mann's arms are raised and he doesn't appear to be threatening the officers with a weapon when they open fire from about 15ft (6 meters) away. As shots ring out Mann can be seen crumpling to the ground and heard yelling in pain.
READ MORE: 'How we build trust': Chicago police to undergo de-escalation training, expand bodycam use
A- A+
By Taylor W. Anderson The Bulletin
The Oregon Department of Justice on Monday lifted an order requiring some state agencies to charge the public for government records, overturning its own 14-year-old advice.
Deputy Attorney General Frederick Boss ruled that the Public Employees Retirement System declined to reduce or waive a fee it charged a journalist seeking records based on a 2002 DOJ order the agency no longer believes is valid.
Boss said in his opinion that PERS may be “legally required” to waive or reduce fees for public records, a reversal of the agency's 2002 order, issued under former Attorney General Hardy Myers, that said it was required to charge full price for records requests.
“Although a public body enjoys discretion with respect to whether to grant or deny fee waivers and reductions, that discretion is not unlimited,” Boss wrote. “In some circumstances, waiver or reduction can be legally required.
“It has never been suggested that PERS cannot pay appropriate overtime, pay for reasonable accommodations for employees and members of the public with disabilities, pay the wages Oregon's prevailing wage law requires for certain construction projects, or pay expenses associated with collective bargaining,” Boss wrote.
“The fee waiver and reduction requirement of the Oregon Public Records Law appears to be the only generally applicable law this office has said PERS cannot obey,” he wrote. “We see no substantive justification for this unique treatment.”
Boss' ruling comes after PERS employees charged a reporter from the Statesman Journal in Salem $112 for travel receipts for PERS employees. Boss didn't rule that PERS must waive the fee, but he sent it back to the agency to reconsider its decision based on the new order.
It wasn't immediately clear how sweeping Monday's order would be.
The Bulletin is waiting for the DOJ to rule on a decision by the Oregon Lottery to charge $262 for an email thread containing around a dozen emails. Agency officials said they submitted the documents to the Department of Justice to see whether one of over 500 exemptions applied and could block them from public view, and that they were legally required to collect money before releasing the documents.
Public records experts say excessive fees and hundreds of exemptions make it difficult for the public to hold governments accountable. Portland media law attorney Steven Wilker said it was a “correct application” of state law.
“It's just refreshing because it suggests the attorney general is taking a position that records should be public and publicly available,” Wilker said.
Oregon is undergoing debate around how best to reform its public records law to improve transparency at all levels of government.
Attorney General Ellen Rosenblum is leading a task force that includes journalists and government representatives. The groups are working toward a bill lawmakers could consider in the 2017 session that starts in February.
— Reporter: 406-589-4347,
tanderson@bendbulletin.com
15032069
So, here I am.
My thoughts, in no particular order:
-I don't want this.
-Butch felt right.
-I'm a lesbian.
-I don't believe in soul mates.
-Dude is my soul mate.
-I don't believe in soul mates.
-I want to leave.
-I never want us to be apart. Not even for a minute. Not even while I write this.
-I'm mean.
-I'm not supposed to be mean.
-I'm not mean. I'm a lesbian.
-Can't I have a wife for ONE anniversary?
-Couldn't this has happened before we got married?
-I'm selfish.
-I've always been selfish.
-I hate this blog.
-I hate reddit
-I'm not mean.
-I don't think I can stomach the changes.
-I feel like I'm being worn down. (Please don't wear a packer. Ok, I guess it's not bad. No, I'll never blow you. Ok, I guess that wasn't terrible. Why would our kids call you ‘dad'? Ok, I guess it's funny. Why are you talking like that? Never mind, I know. Chip. Chip. Chip. Chip.)
-I hate this.
-I'm trying.
-I love you.
-I love you.
-I love you.
Advertisements
Earlier this year, we alerted you to the fact that the nation's largest solar plant–in Boulder City, Nevada–had begun generating electricity. Now, Sempra Generation has announced that their big kahuna, the Copper Mountain Solar facility, is now complete, set to produce a whopping 48-megawatts (MW) of renewable energy.
To put things in perspective, 48 MW is enough energy to power about 14,000 average homes. While the desert site is located just 40 miles southeast of Las Vegas, it's California–with its statewide renewable energy portfolio standards that have made it such a booming market for solar–that will be benefiting from this energy, courtesy of Pacific Gas & Electric.
William R. Engelbrecht, Sempra Generation's vice president of planning and construction, called the completion of the Copper Mountain Solar facility, “an unprecedented achievement.” Sempra will not be sitting back to rest on its renewable energy laurels, however, as the company expects to begin construction on the first phase of a 600-MW solar project in Arizona next year, and recently received approval to build a 200-MW solar farm in Kern County, California.
The company also recently entered into a partnership BP Wind Energy to develop a 250-MW wind project in Colorado, currently under construction.
Getty Images
Most veterinarians and dog breeders agree that puppies shouldn't be separated from the rest of their litter for adoption before 2 months of age. A new study corroborates that advice, showing that puppies removed from their broods earlier were more likely to develop behavioral problems as adult dogs.
It's an important issue, the authors note, because pets' behavioral problems affect their relationships with owners and the risk of later abandonment.
Veterinary researchers in Naples, Italy, interviewed the owners of 140 dogs, ages 18 months to 7 years. Half of the dogs had been removed from their litters and adopted between 30 and 40 days, while the other half were not adopted until they were 60 days old.
(PHOTOS: The Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show)
The owners, who were all clients of veterinary practices around Naples, participated in telephone surveys that asked about their pets' provenance, breed and observed problematic behaviors.
About 50% of all dogs included in the study were purchased at pet shops, while 33% came from friends or relatives and 16% were acquired from breeders. None were adopted from shelters, nor had any been traumatized as puppies.
Overall, the researchers found, attention seeking and reactivity to noises were the most commonly reported problem behaviors. Younger dogs (under 3 years old) were also significantly more likely to be destructive and to tail-chase than older animals.
(PHOTOS: Puppies Behind Bars)
But the dogs that had been separated from their litters early — regardless of breed, size or whether they had been neutered — were significantly more likely to exhibit most of the problem behaviors that the researchers asked about. These included:
Destructiveness
Excessive barking
Fearfulness of walks
Reactivity to noises
Possessiveness of food and toys
Attention seeking
Aversion or aggression toward strangers
Play biting
Tail chasing
Soiling the house
The researchers did not determine exactly why early removal from a litter may cause dogs to act out as adults, but they surmised that some dogs may have a genetic predisposition to certain conditions, including fear, anxiety and phobia of noises, and that early environmental experiences may increase the likelihood that they will develop these conditions or go on to have disordered behavior.
(MORE: The Myth of the Hypoallergenic Dog)
“It is generally accepted that dogs go through a sensitive period, the socialization period, during which social experiences and stimuli have a greater effect on the development of their temperament and behavior than if they occur in later life,” wrote the authors.
The study was published in the journal Veterinary Record.
Meredith Melnick is a reporter at TIME. Find her on Twitter @MeredithCM. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter @TIME.
Prince Harry's not so wild about President Donald Trump.
Queen Elizabeth's grandchild “is not a fan” of Trump and fears America's 45th president could set back human rights, according to a published report.
Harry, the 32-year-old prince and fifth in line to the throne, has quietly articulated concerns about Trump to his inner circle.
“Harry thinks the president is a serious threat to human rights,” a royal source told Us Weekly.
Harry has “often been vocal” about his disdain for Trump since the real estate developer began his presidential campaign in 2015, a second royal source added.
Kensington Palace declined comment to the magazine.
Trump and the first lady are expected to visit the UK this summer as guests of Harry's grandmother.
It's not known whether Harry will have to bite the bullet and greet or entertain Trump when the billionaire lands on UK soil.
Trump received British Prime Minister Theresa May last week as the first foreign head of state to visit the new president.
Harry's dad, Prince Charles, took a thinly veiled shot at Trump in December, warning his subjects about “populist groups” and their “aggressive” tactics.
“We are now seeing the rise of many populist groups across the world that are increasingly aggressive to those who adhere to a minority faith. All of this has deeply disturbing echoes of the dark days of the 1930s,” the likely future king said in his Dec. 22 “Thought for the Day” address on BBC radio.
“My parents' generation fought and died in a battle against intolerance, monstrous extremism and inhuman attempts to exterminate the Jewish population of Europe.”
And Harry's girlfriend, 35-year-old actress Meghan Markle, hasn't hidden her disdain for Trump at all.
The California native has called the president “misogynistic” and joked about moving north of the border — where her USA Network legal drama, “Suits,” is filmed.
“It's really the moment that I go, we film ‘Suits' in Toronto and I might just stay in Canada,” she told Comedy Central back in November.
If you like your drone music served up with a double cup of dirty Sprite, then NNA Tapes have just the ticket.
Migrations in Rust is the moniker of Queens noisemaker Jesse Allen, but unlike his Red-Light District collective associates (Pharmakon, Yellow Tears and others) he doesn't seek to dissolve our ear drums with piercing noise and disembodied screams, rather his sounds are actually, dare we say it, peaceful.
Two Shadows is a surprisingly beautiful collection of half-tempo rhythms, woozy synthesized pads, moaned lullabies and lightly plucked instruments, and can be heard in its entirety below. Allen might be an unfamiliar name, but trust us when we tell you that this album is top drawer stuff from beginning to end.
Two Shadows will be released on November 5 via NNA Tapes.
by ANTHONY J. MERCED
Jesse Marsch was looking to the future after the 2-0 preseason win over the Portland Timbers on Friday night. Marsch has the unenviable task of preparing the New York Red Bulls for not only the MLS season but also the CONCACAF Champions League knockout stage in less than three weeks.
That means they have little time to waste in their mission towards fitness and competition.
“For us, we have to accelerate our process here,” said head coach Jesse Marsch. “We have a very important game in about 26 days. The emphasis was to come down here and play MLS competition immediately. I think, overall, a really good performance from us.”
New York is currently missing key players like Sacha Kljestan and Luis Robles who were are still with the U.S. Men's National team training camp. However, Marsch still had a strong side that consisted of players very familiar to the Red Bull brass. Many of the substitutions shined a light on the USL players that have been making noise over the past year like Derrick Etienne Jr., Aaron Long and Tyler Adams. Once changes began to reflect more of their youthful core, the Red Bulls managed to find more life against the Timbers, putting in three solid shifts on the evening.
“More than anything we're trying to crank up the minutes a little bit faster than we normally do,” said Marsch about the preseason schedule. “We'll put a lot of emphasis on game minutes. We've even scaled back on training a little bit because nights like tonight are most valuable for us.”
Next up is a preseason game against Real Salt Lake on Tuesday as New York continues their rush to get players match-fit before the first competitive game on February 22nd.
Another day, another dire warning about the global climate emergency.
NASA's top climate scientist announced Tuesday that the Earth is warming at a pace not seen in at least the past 1,000 years, making it "very unlikely" that global temperatures will stay below the 1.5°C limit agreed to in the landmark climate treaty negotiated in Paris last December.
"In the last 30 years, we've really moved into exceptional territory," Gavin Schmidt, director of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, told the Guardian. "It's unprecedented in 1,000 years. There's no period that has the trend seen in the 20th century in terms of the inclination [of temperatures]."
"Maintaining temperatures below the 1.5°C guardrail requires significant and very rapid cuts in carbon dioxide emissions or coordinated geo-engineering," he continued, referring to controversial environmental manipulations. "That is very unlikely. We are not even yet making emissions cuts commensurate with keeping warming below 2°C."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The announcement comes amid a growing body of research—month after month—that shows 2016 is shaping up to be the warmest year in recorded history.
"It's the long-term trend we have to worry about though and there's no evidence it's going away and lots of reasons to think it's here to stay," Schmidt said. "There's no pause or hiatus in temperature increase. People who think this is over are viewing the world through rose-tinted spectacles. This is a chronic problem for society for the next 100 years."
Over the past century, temperatures began to rise at a rate that is 10 times faster than historical averages, according to research by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). That means the Earth will warm up "at least" 20 times faster than historical average in the coming 100 years, NASA said.
In fact, the Guardian notes, "a NASA reconstruction shows that the pace of temperature increase over recent decades outstrips anything that has occurred since the year 500."
Meanwhile, as Common Dreams reported Monday, a group of experts gathering at the International Geological Congress in Cape Town, South Africa this week announced that human activities such as industrialization, nuclear bomb testing, and increased greenhouse gas emissions causing global warming have so "profoundly altered the planet" that they have ushered in a new epoch—the Anthropocene.
The City of Vancouver's proposed concept for a new public plaza on Robson Street includes year-round public furniture and automated public washrooms.
The plaza would be built at street level to provide easier north-south movement for pedestrians through the plaza.
Council will be reviewing the concept today, after approving a plan to convert the 800-block of Robson Street into a permanent public plaza in April.
According to a report from the city, construction on the plaza will begin in spring 2017, and is anticipated to be complete by early 2018.
Margaret Wittgens, the city's director of public space and street use, said the project is expected to cost $6.5 million. It will also include improvements to the 700 and 900 blocks of Robson Street, as well as the Hornby Street bike lane.
The report does not address bike traffic through the plaza, though it does include plans for additional bike parking.
Wittgens said bike traffic would not be prohibited, but that anyone moving through the plaza on wheels "should be moving at a pedestrian-compatible speed."
A concept drawing of the new plaza design includes fences the city says are intended to clearly delineate the plaza, but still maintain a clear sightline through it. (The City of Vancouver)
An important central hub
The report also includes the results of public questionnaire the city conducted on the proposed plaza earlier in the fall.
Respondents to the questionnaire found the pedestrian focus of the area to be one of its most positive and unique aspects, viewing it as an important central area of public life in downtown Vancouver.
"The most popular comment about the space is that it is a central location or heart in the city that is both a hub and an oasis," the report reads.
Concept drawings also show trees, planters, public furniture and street lights. Respondents to the questionnaire identified all of these as things they would like to see in the new plaza.
The city says construction on the plaza will begin in spring 2017. (The City of Vancouver)
"People described 800 Robson as a place to gather, including for demonstrations, to watch or meet people, to relax, and to enjoy the sun."
The questionnaire also reiterated concerns about the effect on traffic on bus service as a result of permanently closing the block to vehicles.
When the block was closed earlier this year, the #5 Robson Street bus was rerouted north, up Burrard Street to West Pender Street.
With files from CBC Radio One's The Early Edition.
The FBI has acknowledged the use of drones to carry out surveillance within the United States. Under questioning by Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of the Senate Judiciary Committee, FBI Director Robert Mueller confirmed the domestic use of drones, but called it “very seldom.” He also said the bureau is still drafting regulations to address privacy concerns.
Robert Mueller, FBI director: “We are in the initial stages of doing that. And I will tell you that our footprint is very small. We have very few and of limited use, and we're exploring not only the use, but also the necessary guidelines for that use.”
Sen. Chuck Grassley: “Does the FBI use drones for surveillance on U.S. soil?”
Robert Mueller: “Yes.”
Sen. Chuck Grassley: “I want to go on to a question” —
Robert Mueller: “And I — well, let me just put it in context, though.
Sen. Chuck Grassley: “Sure.”
Robert Mueller: “In a very, very minimal way, and very seldom.”
Sen. Chuck Grassley: “OK.”
In a statement, Democratic Sen. Mark Udall questioned whether drone spying is constitutional, saying: “I am concerned the FBI is deploying drone technology while only being in the 'initial stages' of developing guidelines to protect Americans' privacy rights. I look forward to learning more about this program and will do everything in my power to hold the FBI accountable and ensure its actions respect the U.S. constitution.”
Someone asking badly worded question on Reddit is not news. But if the person being asked the question is Brad Sherwood and his response to the question is level-headed and classy, we will cover that. Especially if it concerns women in comedy. Because when someone poses the question: “Why are women so bad at improv?” and Brad Sherwood — pictured above on the right with frequent improv partner Colin Mochrie — can be more civilized than I could ever manage to be (and recognize the easily missed specificity of the question asked) that response merits a little coverage. I, in the meantime, will just silently rage that this is still even an issue that is being discussed.
In the interest of full disclosure, I am very familiar with the sketch and improv scene here in NYC. I haven't been involved in it in a while, but I have done both sketch — which is written and rehearsed — and improv — which is about 92% off the top of the head and unrehearsed. (Sometimes people have characters developed ahead of time.) So yes indeed, this is extremely close to my heart.
That said, seriously? People are still asking why women aren't funny? Not even “Are women funny?” — “Why aren't women funny?” Is this supposed to be some ironic, contrarian point of view to which people are expected to be suddenly enlightened? Or just ignorance? Or just chauvinism? Here is the first part of the question, asked by user Cptn_Janeway to Brad Sherwood of the improv show Whose Line Is It Anyway?:
“This question has been bugging me for a while now and I just had to ask you. Why are women so bad at improv? Search your feelings, you know it to be true. Ive [sic] been rewatching all of WLIIA and the women are usually really bad (save: kathy greenwood sometimes.)”
So, giving Cptn_Janeway the benefit of the doubt, let's assume that the only improv he's ever seen is on WLIIA. First of all, I recognize the talents of the performers on the show. They're awesome. They crack me up. But oftentimes on that show, what we see on TV is the result of something that came after the initial improvisation. Several accounts of people who saw tapings of the show describe the performers improvising a scene, then finding the game, and then doing the scene from that. And that's what ends up on TV. That's how improv works, but that's also how it turns into a loosely rehearsed sketch. So while they're improvising on WLIIA, what we see on TV might actually be a sketch that came about as a result of improv.
That all said, Cptn_Janeway might not know the first thing about improv. So we'll forgive him for that.
Unless Cptn_Janeway was only referring to the women who perform on WLIIA. And after reading through the comment thread — which took on the completely predictable tones of both outrage at his wording and “was good until it got invaded by feminists” — Cptn_Janeway acknowledged that he was referring only to women on WLIIA, and that yeah, his question sounded totally sexist.
Okay, good. But still, are the women on WLIAA “so bad at improv,” or is there more to this? Let's dissect Sherwood's response:
Drake, Excellent question.
Wait, what? Okay, Brad Sherwood is a comedian. I choose to believe he's being sarcastic. Or extremely diplomatic.
Improv women have a huge hurdle to overcome when performing.
Please don't tell me that hurdle is a penis.
They are playing with men, who bulldoze over them.
Oh. Well, that would be true of any established improv troupe, such as the one that regularly appeared on WLIIA.
Watch how many times a woman is trying to say something in a scene and gets over-talked by a guy. It is tough for a woman to break through the male energy on the show. It's kind of like playing mental football with big, loud, impolite, excited “man-boys”. The guys are just louder, and all rushing to get their ideas heard. So, a lot of great “woman-ideas” in a scene just get missed and the woman comes across as not adding something. That is why so many successful female comedy performers and stand-ups in history have loud/brash (almost male) personalities.
As Sherwood explains, the issue is not that the women who performed on WLIIA were not funny — they were just never regular members of the troupe. Improvisers who perform with each other develop a rhythm and learn how to read each other's minds and beats, and when a newcomer — regardless of gender — enters the mix, it's just hard to keep up.
Improv is hard, and when you're trying to improvise with people who have been improvising together for years, it's even harder. For anyone. Period.
It's easily comparable to unsuccessful hosts on Saturday Night Live. Some of those hosts happen to be women, but a lot of them are also men. They just can't keep up with sketch comedians because they don't perform sketch comedy, and if they do, it probably wasn't with the cast and crew of SNL. Take Jane Lynch, an accomplished comedic actress. She comes from the heavily improvised Christopher Guest movies and most recently, is on a scripted dramedy. (Called Glee. You might have heard of it.) But in the sketch comedy format, her performance felt awkward. Some sketches were good, but the show as a whole fell a bit flat. But it was most likely the fault of the writers not knowing how to write for this kind of comedic performer, at least not in the small amount of time they had. But does that make Jane Lynch bad at comedy because she was unsuccessful on one comedy show? No way! No way in the world. The same goes for the female improvisers on WLIIA.
And again, it has nothing to do with gender. John Hamm was an awesome host. So was Anne Hathaway. But January Jones sucked. So did Robert DeNiro. And so did every single male athlete who has ever been on SNL ever. (Except for Peyton Manning. He was hilarious.)
So, can we stop talking about how women aren't funny now? Because it's getting old.
(Reddit)
Takara Tomy's Automee S might just be so cool that we can look past the fact that it turns a simple task into something more complicated than it needs to be. Looking like a palm-sized Roomba, the robot-on-wheels effortlessly glides across the surface of a smartphone or tablet, polishing every fingerprint and smudge off of the glass.
What you can do with a polishing cloth in a matter of seconds will take the Automee S 4 minutes for the average smartphone and 8 minutes for a tablet, but will provide endless entertainment as it zips around doing its work. Using sensors it will stay within the bounds of a mobile display while bringing every inch to a streak-less shine.
For about $17, the gadget isn't breaking the bank. We are skeptical as to how well it will work compared to manually buffing your screen, but how many people can say they own a personal robot for scrubbing a smartphone clean? The Automee S goes on sale in Japan on March 28th. No word on if the company plans to launch the accessory in other regions.
[Takara Tomy via NewLaunches | Thanks, Roshan!]
I usually like to wait until Tuesday night after I get home from work to watch the All-22 before I make judgments on a game, but you don't need a bird's eye view to comprehend the hot garbage we saw on Sunday by the Bills' offense.
There's no denying the Bills were gashed by the Saints' two-headed backfield of Alvin Kamara (106 yards, 1 TD) and Mark Ingram (131 yards, 3 TDs). You could tell from the very first defensive possession that it was going to be a long day.
I don't think Sean Payton used the same personnel groupings twice all game long. They moved Michael Thomas to every position on the field. They put him in slot situations where he was going head-to-head with Ramon Humber – advantage Drew Brees.
The defense was bad. The offense was bad.
I want to make sure I'm clear: I'm not here to tell you Tyrod Taylor had a good football game. He didn't. But if you think that loss is on him, you're wrong.
Watching Monday Night Football, they were showing how Miami has had issues defending the zone read and the speed option. They used an example from last season's Week 16 loss in overtime where Taylor gashed the Dolphins on read option out of pistol sets, utilizing Taylor's athletic ability.
From the very beginning, I questioned the fit in this offense. Taylor simply doesn't have the trigger to play in a tempo-based passing attack built on timing and ball placement. Just the basic principles of this scheme suggest there isn't a fit. Yet, I look back at the 2016 season and see how vital Taylor was to the league's best-running attack and look at this offense through 10 weeks and just don't see the same willingness or effectiveness.
I just think the play calling has absolutely set Taylor up for failure – better yet, it's protected him in a way I haven't seen since Trent Edwards. On a given play, especially on 3rd and long situations, Taylor's lucky to have one receiver running a route at, or near the line of scrimmage. That's essentially relying on a group of receivers who aren't overly athletic, to catch a ball from a quarterback who isn't great at leading receivers to run 8-plus yards after the catch.
The Bills managed to get to a place offensively where their top-ranked rushing attack, two years running, is a shell of itself. Their starting right guard from that very same running offense is now in street clothes every week because they've deemed he isn't worthy of a gameday roster spot.
What's most frustrating though is what they're asking Taylor to do as a passer, which at this point we can just say is basically nothing. In their first four drives offensively, they ran the same swing pass to LeSean McCoy [twice to the left side and once to the right] where there were no reads. The receivers split out wide were simply blockers; these were designed swing plays with no read to make - three attempts and two completions running the same play.
By my count, nine pass attempts by Taylor came within five yards of the line of scrimmage. Count the handful of balls he threw away or out-of-bounds, and there aren't many attempts left that traveled further than five yards. Truthfully, I'm not sure who to pin that on more. Part of me wants Taylor to stretch the field and throw to guys when they're open for only a moment. I want him to trust his eyes and make a throw that isn't a guarantee.
There aren't a lot of easy answers here for this offense. If Rick Dennison is unwilling to change the core principles of his offense dramatically, they should strongly consider making a change to Nathan Peterman.
I'm at a point where I still wholeheartedly believe Taylor is the best option for this team. At 5-4, I worry what a change at quarterback might do to the locker room dynamic. But if this offense is going to continue to ask its quarterback to make throws on their third step, make anticipatory throws regularly within the hash marks and give their receivers an opportunity to win a 50/50 ball – then the choice is clear.
We're at the ultimate crossroads with Taylor. He'll likely move on this offseason to a team like the Arizona Cardinals. Personally, I think if Ben Roethlisberger really intends to retire like he's made mention of a number of times, that Taylor could end up in Pittsburgh.
But no matter whom it's for, Taylor is a starting quarterback in the NFL, and he'll likely have another opportunity with a coach willing to design an offense that resembles the Chiefs and Eagles. But that doesn't matter now because he's playing for a coach who seems unwilling to modify the core passing principles of the offense significantly.
I don't think a change happens this week, but I think that might change if the offense has the same struggles this week against the Chargers. It's going to be a difficult test against another good defense and a coach who knows Taylor very well. It's tough, but Taylor's got the shortest leash of any quarterback I can remember in the drought for this fan base. Unfortunately, it appears to be a relationship coming to an end.
Beirut, SANA- Deputy Foreign and Expatriates Minister Dr. Fayssal Mikdad stressed that the Turkish regime was and is still a part of the terrorist acts which hit Syria and Iraq over the past years.
” Turkey is not a part of the solution, but a basic part of the problem,” Mikdad said in an article published Saturday at the Lebanese al- Binaa newspaper.
He added: The friends of Turkey, particularly the US administration and its security bodies and the European and Arab colleagues of Erdoğan and Davutoglu became convinced that it is impossible to continue supporting the Turkish leadership's involvement in backing terrorism, including the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) terrorist organization and other branches of al-Qaeda terrorist organization.
” Turkey's failure to have support of UN states to gain a non-permanent seat on Security Council last Thursday is a clear expression of the world's rejection of the Turkish policies against Syria and Iraq and its ally with the ISIS terrorist organization,” Mikdad underlined.
The Deputy Foreign Minister went on to say that since the beginning of the war on Syria, Erdoğan's clique have harbored and sponsored the terrorists and the killers of the so-called the free army and the other brigades of killing and terrorism which have carried out the policies of Erdoğan, Netanyahu, the Saudi regime and the other supporters of the killers in the Gulf kingdoms and Europe.
“The relationship between the Turkish regime and the ISIS terrorists is no longer hidden,” he said.
Mikdad added that the heresy of the establishment of buffer zones inside Syria which was created by the Turkish leadership and was substituted later by the so-called ‘safe areas', is a flagrant violation of the international law.
He underlined that the Syrian people who have strongly tied to the sincere allies will defend every inch of the Syrian land, will support their brothers in Ain al-Arab and will not allow Erdoğan to establish a buffer zone or safe areas or no-fly zone on the Syrian territories.
Mikdad concluded by saying that the Syrian people will also support their army to achieve victories whatever the sacrifices were.
H. Zain / Ghossoun
The New Orleans Saints will activate linebacker Adam Bighill for this week's game against the Detroit Lions, TSN's Farhan Lalji reports.
#Saints are activating Adam Bighill again this week — Farhan Lalji (@FarhanLaljiTSN) October 12, 2017
Bighill was signed to the Saints' practice roster after spending training camp with the team and made his debut in their 29-19 loss to the Minnesota Vikings in Week 1. He did not register a tackle.
The 28-year-old Bighill originally signed with the Saints this off-season after six seasons with the BC Lions north of the border.
The Central Washington product finished with 489 tackles, 33 sacks, and eight interceptions in 99 career CFL games. He was a four-time CFL All-Star and helped the Lions win the Grey Cup in his rookie year in 2011.
Image caption Scottish Health Secretary Alex Neil said NHS workers will receive the increase
The Scottish government has said NHS staff will receive a 1% pay rise after 1 April.
This is in contrast to England, where staff will not be given the 1% increase recommended by the NHS pay review body (PRB).
Scottish Health Secretary Alex Neil said NHS workers will be paid the rise on top of annual increments for developing professional skills.
His UK counterpart, Jeremy Hunt, has said the pay rise was "unaffordable."
Scottish health workers earning less than £21,000 will also receive an additional sum to increase their pay by £300 in total.
Hard-working
Mr Neil said: "I was clear when Jeremy Hunt first suggested reneging on the 1% pay offer for NHS staff in England that we would block that move here and that we would fully implement the modest increase in Scotland.
"Today, I can confirm we'll deliver on that approach in Scotland's NHS, ensuring our hard-working and dedicated staff rightly receive the wage increases they were promised."
The Scottish government confirmed the pay rise will be consolidated - meaning it will be reflected in pensions.
In a statement, Mr Hunt said the PRB's recommendations for a pay rise on top of automatic increments, were unaffordable and would risk the quality of patient care.
He said: "The PRB proposals suggest a pay rise that would risk reductions in front line staff that could lead to unsafe patient care.
"It is not possible to maintain appropriate numbers of front line staff, give a general pay rise of 1% and pay for incremental progression."
Unions in England have said the proposals amount to a pay cut for NHS staff, and have threatened industrial action.
When Jeremy Hunt first suggested reneging on the 1% pay offer for NHS staff in England that we would block that move here Alex Neil MSP, Scottish Health Secretary
Tom Waterson, chairman of Unison's Scottish health committee, said they were delighted Scottish workers would receive the recommendations of the pay review body.
"We would urge the UK government to also commit to paying health service staff the recommendations in full.
"We went into these negotiations in good faith and we expect the clear recommendations of the pay review body to be delivered.
"It is good news for NHS staff that the Scottish government have committed to doing that."
Under the proposals a Scottish Band 5 nurse would be £238 a year better off than a colleague on the same grade in England at the end of the financial year 2014/15.
Dr Brian Keighley, chairman of the BMA in Scotland, said: "We are pleased that the Scottish government has taken a different approach to that of the Westminster government to deliver a fairer pay award for NHS staff in Scotland.
"We acknowledge this as a positive first step towards recognising the hard work and commitment of NHS staff in Scotland and addressing the well understood challenges of recruitment and retention of medical posts.
"However this uplift, which the Cabinet Secretary himself describes as 'modest', is yet another year of below inflation pay awards for doctors and other NHS staff who are fundamental to driving NHS service change and are continuing to deliver high quality care to patient despite intense and increasing workload pressures."
Researchers working at Stonehenge have concluded, after ten years of archaeological investigation at the site, that it was built as a monument to unify the peoples of Britain after a long period of conflict and regional differences.
The researchers theorize that the stones symbolize the ancestors of different groups of people. The origins of the different stones are from completely different parts of the country, some coming from southern England and others from as far away as western Wales.
The research team was composed of people from the universities of Sheffield, Manchester, Southampton, Bournemouth and University College London, all working together on the Stonehenge Riverside Project (SRP). Though they explored Stonehenge and its surrounding environment, they also investigated “the wider social and economic contexts of the monument's main stages of construction around 3,000 BC and 2,500 BC.”
“When Stonehenge was built,” said Professor Mike Parker Pearson of the University of Sheffield, “there was a growing island-wide culture – the same styles of houses, pottery and other material forms were used from Orkney to the south coast. This was very different to the regionalism of previous centuries. Stonehenge itself was a massive undertaking, requiring the labour of thousands to move stones from as far away as west Wales, shaping them and erecting them. Just the work itself, requiring everyone literally to pull together, would have been an act of unification.”
The location that Stonehenge was built in may have already been a place of special significance to prehistoric Britons. The researchers found that its “solstice-aligned Avenue sits upon a series of natural landforms that, by chance, form an axis between the directions of midsummer sunrise and midwinter sunset.”
Professor Parker Pearson said: “When we stumbled across this extraordinary natural arrangement of the sun's path being marked in the land, we realized that prehistoric people selected this place to build Stonehenge because of its pre-ordained significance. This might explain why there are eight monuments in the Stonehenge area with solstitial alignments, a number unmatched anywhere else. Perhaps they saw this place as the centre of the world.”
In modern times, Stonehenge is a popular tourist attraction during the summer solstice, but the winter solstice was the more significant date for Britons when Stonehenge was built 5,000-4,500 years ago.
“We can tell from ageing of the pig teeth that higher quantities of pork were eaten during midwinter at the nearby settlement of Durrington Walls, and most of the monuments in the Stonehenge area are aligned on sunrise and sunset at midwinter rather than midsummer. At Stonehenge itself, the principal axis appears to be in the opposite direction to midsummer sunrise, towards midsummer sunset, framed by the monument's largest stone setting, the great trilithon.”
The researchers completely reject the ideas that Stonehenge was inspired by ancient Egyptians or extra-terrestrials. “All the architectural influences for Stonehenge can be found in previous monuments and buildings within Britain, with origins in Wales and Scotland. In fact, Britain's Neolithic people were isolated from the rest of Europe for centuries. Britain may have become unified but there was no interest in interacting with people across the Channel. Stonehenge appears to have been the last gasp of this Stone Age culture, which was isolated from Europe and from the new technologies of metal tools and the wheel.”
Some of the previous theories about Stonehenge have suggested that it was used as a prehistoric observatory, a temple for the sun, a destination for healing pilgrimages, and a druidic temple. The Stonehenge Riverside Project's researchers have one by one rejected all of these possibilities, after a 10-year-long period of archaeological research, the longest ever done at the site.
In addition to finding many houses and a large village near Stonehenge at Durrington Walls, the researchers also “discovered the site of a former stone circle – Bluestonehenge – and revised the dating of Stonehenge itself.”
Stonehenge Overview:
“Stonehenge is a prehistoric monument located in the English county of Wiltshire, about 2.0 miles (3.2 km) west of Amesbury and 8 miles (13 km) north of Salisbury. Stonehenge is composed of a circular setting of large standing stones set within earthworks. It is at the centre of the most dense complex of Neolithic and Bronze Age monuments in England, including several hundred burial mounds.”
Interestingly some of those buried there came from fairly far away, “A teenage boy buried approximately 1550 BC was raised near the Mediterranean Sea; a metalworker from 2300 BC dubbed the ‘Amesbury Archer' grew up near the alpine foothills of Germany; and the ‘Boscombe Bowmen' probably arrived from Wales or Brittany, France.”
Records of construction at the site begin around 8000 BC and continue for many thousands of years.
“Archaeologists have found four, or possibly five, large Mesolithic postholes, which date to around 8000 BC, beneath the nearby modern tourist car-park. These held pine posts around 0.75 metres (2 ft 6 in) in diameter which were erected and eventually rotted in situ. Three of the posts were in an east-west alignment which may have had ritual significance; no parallels are known from Britain at the time but similar sites have been found in Scandinavia. Salisbury Plain was then still wooded but 4,000 years later, during the earlier Neolithic, people built a causewayed enclosure at Robin Hood's Ball and long barrow tombs in the surrounding landscape. In approximately 3500 BC, a Stonehenge Cursus was built 700 metres (2,300 ft) north of the site as the first farmers began to clear the trees and develop the area.”
Source: University of Sheffield, Wikipedia
Image Credits: Stonehenge and Detail via Shutterstock
By Najaf Ali
"I'm a huge proponent of designing your code around the data, rather than the other way around, and I think it's one of the reasons git has been fairly successful […] I will, in fact, claim that the difference between a bad programmer and a good one is whether he considers his code or his data structures more important." - Linus Torvalds "Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around." - Eric S. Raymond, The Cathedral and The Bazaar
Learning about data structures and algorithms makes you a stonking good programmer.
Data structures and algorithms are patterns for solving problems. The more of them you have in your utility belt, the greater variety of problems you'll be able to solve. You'll also be able to come up with more elegant solutions to new problems than you would otherwise be able to.
You'll understand, in depth, how your computer gets things done. This informs any technical decisions you make, regardless of whether or not you're using a given algorithm directly. Everything from memory allocation in the depths of your operating system, to the inner workings of your RDBMS to how your networking stack manages to send data from one corner of Earth to another. All computers rely on fundamental data structures and algorithms, so understanding them better makes you understand the computer better.
Cultivate a broad and deep knowledge of algorithms and you'll have stock solutions to large classes of problems. Problem spaces that you had difficulty modelling before often slot neatly into well-worn data structures that elegantly handle the known use-cases. Dive deep into the implementation of even the most basic data structures and you'll start seeing applications for them in your day-to-day programming tasks.
You'll also be able to come up with novel solutions to the somewhat fruitier problems you're faced with. Data structures and algorithms have the habit of proving themselves useful in situations that they weren't originally intended for, and the only way you'll discover these on your own is by having a deep and intuitive knowledge of at least the basics.
But enough with the theory, have a look at some examples
Figuring out the fastest way to get somewhere
Let's say we're creating software to figure out the shortest distance from one international airport to another. Assume we're constrained to following routes:
Based on that graph of destinations and the distances between them, how can we find the shortest distance say, from Helsinki to London? Dijkstra's algorithm is the algorithm that will definitely get us the right answer in the shortest time.
In all likelihood, if you ever came across this problem and knew that Dijkstra's algorithm was the solution, you'd probably never have to implement it from scratch. Just knowing about it would point you to a library implementation that solves the problem for you.
If you did dive deep into the implementation, you'd be working through one of the most important graph algorithms we know of. You'd know that in practice it's a little resource intensive so an extension called A* is often used in it's place. It gets used everywhere from robot guidance to routing TCP packets to GPS pathfinding.
Figuring out the order to do things in
Let's say you're trying to model courses on a new Massive Open Online Courses platform (like Udemy or Khan Academy). Some of the courses depend on each other. For example, a user has to have taken Calculus before she's eligible for the course on Newtonian Mechanics. Courses can have multiple dependencies. Here's are some examples of what that might look like written out in YAML:
# Mapping from course name to requirements # # If you're a physcist or a mathematicisn and you're reading this, sincere # apologies for the completely made-up dependency tree :) courses: arithmetic: [] algebra: [arithmetic] trigonometry: [algebra] calculus: [algebra, trigonometry] geometry: [algebra] mechanics: [calculus, trigonometry] atomic_physics: [mechanics, calculus] electromagnetism: [calculus, atomic_physics] radioactivity: [algebra, atomic_physics] astrophysics: [radioactivity, calculus] quantumn_mechanics: [atomic_physics, radioactivity, calculus]
Given those dependencies, as a user, I want to be able to pick any course and have the system give me an ordered list of courses that I would have to take to be eligible. So if I picked calculus , I'd want the system to return the list:
arithmetic -> algebra -> trigonometry -> calculus
Two important constraints on this that may not be self-evident:
At every stage in the course list, the dependencies of the next course must be met.
We don't want any duplicate courses in the list.
This is an example of resolving dependencies and the algorithm we're looking for to solve this problem is called topological sort (tsort). Tsort works on a dependency graph like we've outlined in the YAML above. Here's what that would look like in a graph (where each arrow means requires ):
What topological sort does is take a graph like the one above and find an ordering in which all the dependencies are met at each stage. So if we took a sub-graph that only contained radioactivity and it's dependencies, then ran tsort on it, we might get the following ordering:
arithmetic algebra trigonometry calculus mechanics atomic_physics radioactivity
This meets the requirements set out by the use case we described above. A user just has to pick radioactivity and they'll get an ordered list of all the courses they have to work through before they're allowed to.
We don't even need to go into the details of how topological sort works before we put it to good use. In all likelihood, your programming language of choice probably has an implementation of it in the standard library. In the worst case scenario, your Unix probably has the tsort utility installed by default, run man tsort and have a play with it.
Other places tsort get's used
Tools like make allow you to declare task dependencies. Topological sort is used under the hood to figure out what order the tasks should be executed in.
allow you to declare task dependencies. Topological sort is used under the hood to figure out what order the tasks should be executed in. Any programming language that has a requirement directive , indicating that the current file requires the code in a different file to be run first. Here topological sort can be used to figure out what order the files should be loaded in so that each is only loaded once and all dependencies are met.
, indicating that the current file requires the code in a different file to be run first. Here topological sort can be used to figure out what order the files should be loaded in so that each is only loaded once and all dependencies are met. Project management tools with Gantt charts. A Gantt chart is a graph that outlines all the dependencies of a given task and gives you an estimate of when it will be complete based on those dependencies. I'm not a fan of Gantt charts, but it's highly likely that tsort will be used to draw them.
Squeezing data with Huffman coding
Huffman coding is an algorithm used for lossless data compression. It works by analyzing the data you want to compress and creating a binary code for each character. More frequently occurring characters get smaller codes, so e might be encoded as 111 while x might be 10010 . The codes are created so that they can be concatenated without a delimeter and still be decoded accurately.
Huffman coding is used along with LZ77 in the DEFLATE algorithm which is used by gzip to compress things. gzip is used all over the place, in particular for compressing files (typically anything with a .gz extension) and for http requests/responses in transit.
Knowing how to implement and use Huffman coding has a number of benefits:
You'll know why a larger compression context results in better compression overall (e.g. the more you compress, the better the compression ratio). This is one of the proposed benefits of SPDY: that you get better compression on multiple HTTP requests/responses.
You'll know that if you're compressing your javascript/css in transit anyway, it's completely pointless to run a minifier on them. Same goes for PNG files, which use DEFLATE internally for compression already.
If you ever find yourself trying to forcibly decipher encrypted information , you may realize that since repeating data compresses better, the compression ratio of a given bit of ciphertext will help you determine it's block cipher mode of operation.
Picking what to learn next is hard
Being a programmer involves learning constantly. To operate as a web developer you need to know markup languages, high level languages like ruby/python, regular expressions, SQL and JavaScript. You need to know the fine details of HTTP, how to drive a unix terminal and the subtle art of object oriented programming. It's difficult to navigate that landscape effectively and choose what to learn next.
I'm not a fast learner so I have to choose what to spend time on very carefully. As much as possible, I want to learn skills and techniques that are evergreen, that is, won't be rendered obsolete in a few years time. That means I'm hesitant to learn the javascript framework of the week or untested programming languages and environments.
As long as our dominant model of computation stays the same, data structures and algorithms that we use today will be used in some form or another in the future. You can safely spend time on gaining a deep and thorough knowledge of them and know that they will pay dividends for your entire career as a programmer.
I learned a new (wonderful) word the other day. The definition is pretty straight-forward.
verisimilitude: (n) Having the quality of realism.
Basically, it just means that when you see something, it is internally consistent enough to SEEM real. Think of it this way ... you have a long wall and two people are standing on either end, facing at 45 degrees to the center of the wall, not at each other. And they're sitting there, not throwing directly at each other, but somehow they keep catching it. Now you're standing on the other side of the wall, this looks crazy. How is the ball going back and forth? Allow me to draw it out (crudely):
Now there could be any number of reasons that this works. Maybe there's another wall on the other side that they're bouncing it off of. Or maybe the ball is actually on as string and it's swinging it around. Or maybe the ball has some kind of boomerang effect built in. Or maybe there's a third person in the middle of the wall that they're actually throwing it to. Who knows - but because none of these violate the laws of physics, you can construct a theory in your head that makes everything work together.
In fact, you don't even need a theory that holds to the laws of physics. Let's say this was in a movie, and, in the movie universe, telekenisis was fully part of their world, and people could bend the ball to go where the wanted it to in their minds. No problem - that's how they're playing, and you move on.
Where things start to fall apart is my topic for today - I call it the uncanny valley of science fiction.
I love Sci-Fi, and especially when the changes in the world that we're asked to believe force us to reevaluate what we're faced with in ours. And, if given the choice, I'll probably watch a Sci-Fi property versus almost any other. However, Sci-Fi done wrong pisses me off to no end - mostly because I feel completely detached from the product and that I've completely wasted my time. A bad Sci-Fi picture is far worse than a bad picture of almost any other genre. I think this is because when it's bad, it has fallen into the uncanny valley.
The two ends of the spectrum of Sci-Fi are the following:
Total fantasy
Almost real
In the total fantasy side of the world, you look at something like Lord of the Rings. Beautiful world, magic everywhere, creatures being created from mud, and so on. You may look at it with a little bit of science - did that tower topple the right way, did the arrow arc through the air correctly - but by and large everything is on hold because there's no framework in which to judge its realism. Could Gandalf have destroyed the bridge with his staff? Who knows. A wizard did it. But it's enough to tie everything together.
On the other end of the spectrum, you have Star Trek. Very tangible world, mostly extensions of inventions we've already created, but standard human biology and physics apply. In this case, ALL science must apply and be applicable, or you have to have a VERY plausible cause for why. If Geordi wants to move a moon out of its orbit, you better explain it down to the nano-newton exactly how he's going to do it. And, in large part, they do an excellent job in doing so, which is why the serieses are so beloved.
But now we come to the uncanny valley, and current sand under my fingernail, The Walking Dead. Agh. The biggest problem here is that while there's not much magic (other than dead coming to life and taking over the earth), there's SO MANY unanswered questions. And everyone of them force me to sit there thinking through those questions rather than enjoying the show. Here's a small list:
How did all of the Southeastern US get taken over by people who cannot travel by car? The US is REALLY BIG, and not easy to get around in. Even if they ran NON-STOP, as fast as a marathon runner (3 hours per 26 miles), it'd take at least 24 hours to cross Georgia. Zero chance that goes beyond one state.
Why are zombies out in the middle of a freeway, wandering around, walking through stopped cars?
Why are zombies out in the middle of a forest, wandering around, threatening people?
Why are a bunch of zombies sitting around a school where no living thing has been there for months?
It's impossible to get into a tank using just a pistol, let alone your hands. How would a brain-dead zombie do it?
Did I mention how big the wilderness is? You could camp out anywhere and likely have zero chance of running into someone else for months - in today's world! Let alone a world where everyone is running for their lives.
If ANY significant portion of the population died (let's say 25%), we would have so much food, fuel and spare goods, we would not even know what to do with ourselves.
I could go on. But the net is that shows like this lack verisimilitude. They lack the internal structure that is consistent enough to explain how that ball is defying the laws of physics, and then instead of enjoying the character drama, you just sit there being slightly put off the entire show. I want to like SciFi shows like this - I really do. But pick a body and go with it - the uncanny valley is no place to write your show.
As the year draws to a close, EFF looks back at the major trends influencing digital rights in 2012 and discussing where we are in the fight for free expression, innovation, fair use, and privacy. Click here to read other blog posts in this series.
All things considered, 2012 was a terrible year for online privacy against government surveillance. How bad was it? States around the world are demanding private data in ever-greater volumes—and getting it. They are recognizing the treasure troves of personal information created by modern communications technologies of all sorts, and pursuing ever easier, quicker, and more comprehensive access to our data. They are obtaining detailed logs of our entire lives online, and they are doing so under weaker legal standards than ever before. Several laws and proposals now afford many states warrantless snooping powers and nearly limitless data collection capabilities. These practices remain shrouded in secrecy, despite some private companies' attempts to shine a light on the alarming measures states are taking around the world to obtain information about users.
To challenge the sweeping invasions into individuals' personal lives, we're calling on governments to ensure their surveillance policies and practices are consistent with international human rights standards. We're also demanding that governments and companies become more transparent about their use of the Internet in state surveillance.
Signs of Growing International Surveillance in 2012
A new law in Brazil allows police and public prosecutors to demand user registration data from ISPs directly, via a simple request, with no court order, in criminal investigations involving money laundering. And, a new bill seeks to allow the Federal Police to demand registration data of Internet users in cases of crimes without the need of a court order nor judicial oversight.
Colombia adopted a new decree that compels ISPs to create backdoors that would make it easier for law enforcement to spy on Colombians. The law also forces ISPs and telecom providers to continuously collect and store for five years the location and subscriber information of millions of ordinary Colombian users.
Leaked documents revealed that the Mexican government shelled out $355 million to expand Mexican domestic surveillance equipment over the past year.
The Canadian government put proposed online surveillance legislation temporarily " on pause " following sustained public outrage generated by the bill. The bill introduces new police powers that would allow authorities easy access to Canadians' online activities, including the power to force ISPs to hand over private customer data without a warrant.
The EU's overarching data retention directive has become a dangerous model for other countries, despite the fact that several European Courts have declared several national data retention laws unconstitutional.
Romania went ahead with adopting a new data retention mandate law without any real evidence or debate over the right to privacy, despite the 2009 Constitutional Court ruling declaring the previous data retention law unconstitutional.
The German government is proposing a new law that would allow law enforcement and intelligence agencies to extensively identify Internet users, without any court order or reasonable suspicion of a crime. This year, more details were found on German State Trojan Program to spy on and monitor Skype, Gmail, Hotmail, Facebook and other online communications.
The UK government was considering a draft Communications Data Bill that would extend the police's access to individuals' email and social media traffic data. The UK ISPs will be compelled to gather the data and allow the UK police and security services to scrutinize it. On December, the UK Parliament Committee made clear that the draft Bill is unacceptable in its current form, and "tinkering around the edges" is not good enough. The bill is back to the drawing board for the Home Office.
A Dutch proposal seeks to allow the police to break into foreign computers and search and delete data. If the location of a particular computer cannot be determined, the Dutch police would be able to break into it without ever contacting foreign authorities. Another Dutch proposal seeks to allow the police to force a suspect to decrypt information that is under investigation in a case of terrorism or sexual abuse of children.
In Russia, several new legal frameworks or proposed bills enable increased state surveillance of the Internet.
Australian law enforcement and intelligence agencies have continued to advance the false idea of the need for data retention mandates, mandatory backdoors for cloud computing services and the creation of a new crime for refusing to aid law enforcement in the decryption of communications.
A controversy arose in Lebanon over revelations that the country's Internal Security Forces (ISF) demanded the content of all SMS text messages sent between September 13 and November 10 of this year, as well as usernames and passwords for services like Blackberry Messenger and Facebook.
The Rwandan Parliament is discussing a bill that will grant the police, army and intelligence services the power to listen to and read private communications in order to protect "public security", the keyword often invoked to justify unnecessary human rights violations.
Pakistan adopted a Fair Trial Bill authorizing the state to intercept private communications to thwart acts of terrorism. No legal safeguards have been built in to prevent abuse of power and the word "terrorism" has been poorly defined (a word that's often invoked to justify unnecessary human rights violations).
RIM announced that they had provided the Indian Government with a solution to intercept messages and emails exchanged via BlackBerry handsets. communications will now be available to Indian intelligence agencies.
The Indian government approved the purchase of technological equipment to kickstart the National Intelligence Grid (NATGRID)—a project that seeks to link databases for ready access by intelligence agencies. The project is expected to facilitate "robust information sharing" by security and law enforcement agencies to combat terror threats.
Moving Forward
EFF's international team and a coalition of civil society organizations around the world have drafted a set of principles that can be used by civil society, governments and industry to evaluate whether state surveillance laws and practices are consistent with human rights. In 2013, we will continue demanding that states adopt stronger legal protections if they want to track our cell phones, or see what web sites we've visited, or rummage through our Hotmail, or read our private messages on Facebook, or otherwise invade our electronic privacy. EFF will keep working collaboratively with advocates, lawyers, journalists, bloggers and security experts on the ground to fight overbroad surveillance laws. Our work will involve existing legislative initiatives, international fora, and other regional venues where we can have a meaningful impact on establishing stronger legal protections against government access to people's electronic communications and data.
Image copyright Nottinghamshire Police Image caption Police said the man suffered "horrific" facial injuries
Police hunting the attackers of a Nottinghamshire couple have taken the decision to release black and white images of the man's "horrific" injuries.
Det Insp Rich Monk said they were "just too graphic" for colour.
The 64-year-old man and his wife were beaten in their Hucknall home by three masked men who then left empty-handed.
His injuries include a broken nose and cheekbone, a fractured eye socket and fractured hand.
His 63-year-old wife was also hit and pushed against an oven with such force it smashed the door.
Police said the attack took place at about 20:30 GMT on 1 April.
'Psychological harm'
Mr Monk said: "This man did what he could to protect his home and family, managing to throw a few punches himself.
"But one against three is no contest and he came off the worse for wear.
"The psychological harm caused by such an intrusion may never go away."
He said the couple's injuries would take some months to fully heal and the couple were now receiving counselling.
The husband, whose name is not being released, said they would be installing CCTV at their home.
"People like this go for those who they see as vulnerable," he said.
"What concerns me most is that if they hit someone in their 80s like they hit me they could quite easily kill them.
"If you know who did this then please call police, so that it doesn't happen to anyone else."
Mr Monk appealed for anyone with information about who carried out the attack to come forward especially if they arrived home with bloodied clothing or cuts and bruises to their face.
Tehran says Washington is in no position to comment on the issue of human rights after the US imposed sanctions on an Iranian individual and an organization for what it called their “rights abuses.”
The United States on Thursday added Sohrab Soleimani, the supervisor of Security and Law Enforcement Deputyship at Iran's Prisons Organization, and the Tehran Prisons Organization to its “human rights-related” sanctions list.
"The US government, due to its failed domestic and international record, is not in a position to comment or act on the human rights situation in other countries," Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi said Friday.
"Nor has any international authority trusted such responsibility with the US administration to assess on its own the human rights situation in other countries and to make decisions for them," he added.
Sohrab Soleimani is the younger brother of Major General Qassem Soleimani, the commander of the Quds Force of Iran's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps whose occasional sojourn among the Iraqi forces on the anti-Daesh battleground has drawn international attention.
Baghdad has hailed Soleimani as being among the “trustworthy” commanders for the Iraqi government.
This is the second time since US President Donald Trump's January inauguration that Washington targets Iranian individuals and institutions with sanctions.
​Qassemi said “unilateral and coercive sanctions" by the US are an "illegitimate measure which has negative effects on the enjoyment of human rights of individuals."
"Such repetitive measures in line with specific political objectives of the American government, declaring unilateral sanctions under baseless allegation of human rights violations against individuals or entities of independent states, breach the tenets of international law and international human rights law and are illegitimate and illegal," he said.
Read more:
In March, the US State Department said Washington had sanctioned 30 foreign companies or individuals for transferring sensitive technology to Iran for its missile program or violating export controls on Iran, North Korea and Syria.
The move prompted Iran to announce retaliatory sanctions on 15 American companies over their support for Israeli crimes and terrorism.
"The American government's interventionist measures, more than anything, are aimed at covering up the problems of human rights in that country and diverting world opinion from its crimes and its support for systematic and gross violations of human rights by some of its allies in the region, in particular the Zionist regime, which have dark human rights records," Qassemi said on Friday.
Over $5 Billion was spent in the 2012 US presidential election. I think this zero-sum waste of money is a ripe target for moral trade. I also think that it would be a great opportunity for an EA venture!
The Premise:
What if people had the option to ‘cancel out' the donations of an opposing political party by paying the same amount? What if these ‘canceled out' donations were subsequently given to an effective charity?
Let's say that I'm a Democrat, and my friend is a Republican. We both plan on donating $100 to our respective candidates. But after discussing it, we realise that this is a pretty pointless waste of money, and instead we agree to each put our $100 towards a charity recommended by Givewell.
I think there might be strong demand for a mechanism that could lower the transaction costs between people in the above situation. Both so that they can cancel out donations of those outside their immediate circle, and simultaneously confirm that the other side is holding up their end of the bargain.
The technical difficulties of such a mechanism might be fairly minimal, ironically due in part to the comic lack of regulation on super PACs (which don't have limits on donations or other onerous restrictions). One could simply have an escrow account that receives donations from each side and ‘clears' every so often. If $200,000 came from Democrats and $260,000 from Republicans, our organisation would donate $400,000 to an effective charity and $60,000 to a Republican super PAC.
Would it really be that easy?
Maybe? Probably not? It's still a half-baked idea, but one that I hope can be developed further. In addition to having a credible escrow account, one would need strong marketing and general operations. The idea would certainly get tons of media attention - basically nobody in the US enjoys the election process and this might be a breath of fresh air.
Other problems might be if only one side tends to donate to the escrow account. That might be remedied by appealing to wealthy donors on the other side. Another problem might be a perceived lack of a 1-to-1 ratio in effectiveness. One might open a market (such that I could donate 1.1 dollars to cancel out 1 opponent's dollar) but honestly I think the simpler version is better from a marketing perspective.
Might this be a candidate for incubation within EA ventures? Pun totally intended.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
This is what Ben Bernanke is up against:
Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas President Richard Fisher said the central bank's third round of bond purchases will probably fail to create jobs while risking higher inflation. “I do not see an overall argument for letting inflation rise to levels where we might scare the market,” Fisher said yesterday. ….“A sustained increase” in inflation expectations “would suggest incipient doubts about our commitment to the Bernanke doctrine of sailing on a course consistent with 2 percent long- term inflation,” Fisher said in a speech in New York.
Bernanke's problem is pretty simple here: he almost certainly wants higher inflation, but he can't say he wants higher inflation. He simply doesn't have enough support for inflation tolerance among his Fed colleagues.
Nonetheless, higher inflation would be good. The simplest way to see this is to look at interest rates. Once the Fed has reduced interest rates to zero, it can't go any further. But what if the economy is so bad that all the standard models suggest you need negative interest rates to get the economy back on track? The only answer is higher inflation. If inflation is running at 2% and interest rates are at zero, the real interest rate is -2%. If you borrow money, you're effectively being allowed to pay back less than you borrowed, which provides a big incentive to buy a house or expand your business.
But if even that's not enough, then how about inflation of 4%? As long as you promise to keep interest rates at zero, the real interest rate is now -4%. The Fed is making it almost irresistable to take out a loan and buy new stuff. And there's a virtuous circle here: businesses understand that negative borrowing rates stimulate consumption and demand, so not only is it super cheap to expand production, but they have good reason to think it will pay off as demand increases in the future.
But this all depends on tolerating higher inflation for a while, and inflation is a major hot button in American politics, as guys like Fisher demonstrate. So Bernanke has to pretend that he's still dedicated to 2% inflation even though he's probably not. This is unfortunate, since it blunts the power of his policies. If he could come right out and make it clear exactly what he's doing and how long he plans to keep it up, it could have a big impact. But he can't, and so his policy loses about half its power. All because inflation is such a boogeyman. This is the price we pay for our mindless fears.
A week after the deadly terror bombings in Brussels, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will leave for the Belgian capital on Tuesday night as part of a three- nation tour during which he will attend the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington and visit Saudi Arabia.
Advertising
In Brussels, Modi will attend the long-pending India-EU summit. He will also hold a bilateral summit meeting with his Belgian counterpart Charles Michel where ways to deal with terrorism will form a ‘very important part'.
The India-EU Summit is aimed at deepening the strategic partnership between the two sides which are likely to deliberate on ways to finalise the free trade agreement. The last Summit had taken place in 2012.
India-EU ties witnessed some strain after the 28-member bloc had not responded to New Delhi's proposal for a brief visit by Modi to Brussels, the EU headquarters, during his trip to France, Germany and Canada in April last year.
[related-post]
“The attacks in Brusels, of course, will be a very important part of the discussions. In fact, it will be the starting point of the talks,” Joint Secretary (Europe) Nandini Singla, told reporters.
In Brussels, Modi will meet top businessmen, including a delegation of diamond traders, and will also address the Indian diaspora. He will also meet Parliamentarians and a delegation of indologists, separately.
Antwerp in Belgium is the largest diamond trading hub globally as about 84 per cent of the world's rough diamonds passes through there. There is a sizeable presence of Indian traders in Antwerp.
From Brussels, Modi will leave for Washington to attend the 4th Nuclear Security Summit (NSS) on March 31 and April 1 where he will be making some specific announcemnents and proposals with regard to nuclear security.
India will submit a national progress report on nuclear security at the summit, which is also expected to deliberate on ways to tackle nuclear terrorism.
Asked whether Modi will meet his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif in Washington, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Vikas Swarup did not give a direct answer and only said it was usual for leaders to meet their counterparts on the margins of international meets.
Advertising
From Washington, Modi will travel to Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh on April 2 for a two-day visit at the invitation of King Salman Bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud.
GENEVA (Reuters) - A World Trade Organization panel has partially backed a Mexican complaint about U.S. rules restricting imports of Mexican tuna, potentially opening the door to tuna imports for the first time in 20 years.
The United States stopped selling Mexican tuna in 1991, citing complaints that the fishing techniques used by its neighbor were hurting the local dolphin population.
But Mexico said the claims were unfounded and complained to the WTO that U.S. labeling rules discriminated against Mexico by preventing its tuna exports from being marked as “dolphin-safe,” therefore blocking them from the U.S. market.
The WTO panel said the U.S. rules did not discriminate against Mexico but they were more restrictive than they needed to be to meet the goals of informing consumers and protecting dolphins.
Most canned tuna sold in the United States is certified as dolphin-safe, meaning that it has been caught using fishing methods that do not harm dolphins.
The United States said it might appeal the decision. If it appeals and Mexico wins again, the United States could come under pressure to change its rules to allow Mexican imports or face possible trade sanctions.
U.S. trade activists seized on the ruling as an example of overreaching by the WTO and predicted public outrage.
“A WTO tribunal is telling American consumers that having the product labels that we rely on to make sure our shopping and dining choices do not result in dolphins being killed is a WTO violation,” said Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch.
“These are labels that apply to domestic and foreign tuna alike that we pushed our Congress to pass,” she said.
Andrea Mead, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Trade Representative's Office, said Washington was relieved “the panel rejected nearly all of Mexico's claims” and found the goal of protecting dolphins was legitimate.
“The United States is very concerned, however, that the panel found the U.S. measures to be more trade restrictive than necessary to achieve the objectives of the measures. We are carefully considering all of our options with respect to this finding, including an appeal,” Mead said.
Mexico complained in its case that the U.S. labeling provision effectively prevents Mexican tuna from entering the U.S. market even though Mexico meets the highest international standards for the protection of dolphins.
In a statement on Thursday, Mexico's economy ministry said the WTO panel backed the idea of a separate dolphin-safe label proposed by Mexico to certify its tuna.
Mexico has argued that complying with the terms of the U.S. label would be more costly for the Mexican fleet without providing additional protections for dolphins.
World Growth, a nongovernmental organization that promotes globalization, said the decision was a milestone.
“It is clear that if this decision is not appealed, the growing trend toward using environmental standards as trade barriers should be significantly curtailed,” it said in a newsletter.”
A jury awarded the family of an 81-year-old Belleville woman $21 million this week in a lawsuit against Oakwood Hospital. The family claimed the hospital mistakenly operated on her brain in January 2012 when she just needed a simple procedure on her jaw.
Bimla Nayyar never recovered from the surgery and died 60 days later.
Oakwood Hospital is not admitting any wrongdoing and said it will appeal Wednesday's verdict in Wayne County Circuit Court.
In a statement, Oakwood said, “We're very concerned about how the details of this case have been portrayed.” Paula Rivera-Kerr, spokeswoman for Oakwood Healthcare, said she could not give further comment.
Oakwood Hospital is part of Oakwood Healthcare and the newly formed Beaumont Health system of southeast Michigan.
Attorney Geoffrey Fieger, representing Nayyar's family, said in an interview Thursday that he could not recall a worse mix-up and initial cover-up by a hospital.
“In 37 years of practice, this is the most shocking abuse I have ever seen,” Fieger said.
Nayyar had been admitted to Oakwood Hospital in Dearborn in January 2012 for a procedure to treat her bilateral jaw displacement. She was already in precarious health and recovering from a heart attack she had suffered in October.
But after mixing up her CT scan results with those of another patient, hospital staff thought that Nayyar had bleeding in her brain and needed immediate surgery, according to the family's lawsuit.
She was wheeled into an operating room, the lawsuit said, where five holes were drilled into her head and the right side of her skull was sawed out and replaced.
“They poked around in her brain, couldn't find anything and closed her up,” Fieger said.
Afterward, a doctor told Nayyar's family that they found no skull fracture or brain bleeding and that there must have been a mix-up in the radiology records, the lawsuit says. The hospital did not disclose to the family the full extent of their error until those details emerged at trial, Fieger said.
In a sworn affidavit, Oakwood Hospital's chief quality and patient safety officer described how hospital staff determined that the CT scan, which they thought had been done on Nayyar, was actually done on a different patient.
However, the patient safety officer, Sara Atwell, said this mix-up wasn't the result of a failure on Oakwood's part to develop and follow proper procedures.
Nayyar never recovered from surgery and lingered on life support for 60 days. She died in hospice care on March 11, 2012, once she was taken off a ventilator.
High Unemployment Means Lower Wages for the Employed
The true nature of the great recession is beginning to show in ways that until very recently were pretty well hidden.
Probably the most obvious example so far of how the very rich are using this economic downturn to consolidate their power is the strike by 305 hourly workers at the Mott's apple juice plant in upstate New York.
Those who are benefiting from the rotten economy are the wealthiest 20 percent of the American people, who hold upward of 85 percent of the country's wealth.
For those who are manipulating the situation, you probably can look to the richest 1 percent of Americans, who, among their tiny number, hold more than one third of the private wealth in the United States. They're the ones with the real power, the ones who hold the deeds to key politicians and mortgages on the Republican and Democratic parties.
The New York Times presented recently a clear picture of the Mott's situation. (Also see The Nation's recent story “Rotten Apples, Core Values“.)
In a nutshell: The workers went on strike more than three months ago when Mott's parent company demanded they take pay cuts of $1.50 an hour, accept a freeze on pensions and give in to other reductions in benefits.
In insisting on the pay and benefits reductions, Mott's, owned by Dr Pepper Snapple Group, a beverage conglomerate, makes no claim of hardship, economic or otherwise.
Quite the contrary: the company is bragging about record earnings. It proudly reported earnings of $555 million in 2009, a big upward swing from the $312 million loss of 2008. Results for the first half of this year showed further improvement, including from Mott's, which also showed a substantial gain in its over-all share of the juice market.
The company is unusually forthright in its explanation of its demands. It is trying to push its employees to lower rungs on the economic ladder simply because it thinks it can get away with it. That's it, pure and simple. Poorer employees mean richer shareholders and executives.
New York Times writer Steven Greenhouse quoted Mott's spokesman Chris Barnes as saying the wage cuts and benefit reductions can be done because they will bring the Mott's plant in upstate New York in line with “local industry standards.”
In plain English: Unemployment is high because of the recession, and desperate people are taking whatever jobs they can get, even if the pay is low. So Mott's figures it can force its employees to work for less and thus enhance its already soaring profits.
Left unsaid, but clearly in a big cartoon bubble over the company management's head is this: “If you don't want to work for less, we'll find a way to get rid of you and hire others who will take much less.”
A number of people on Wall Street have defended the drink producer's position on the grounds of “fiduciary responsibility” — the claim that a corporation's responsibilities are solely to produce the greatest possible profit for its shareholders (and executives, though they don't say that).
Fiduciary responsibility, in case you were wondering, does not extend to such things as worker safety or concern for the environment.
We're going to see more of this very soon from corporations that are doing very nicely in this recession-cum-depression.
American corporations continue to feed their captive media the false story about wanting nothing more than to “create jobs” while, in fact, they do everything they can come up with to reduce employment in this country. Now that there is a very big, long-term, if not permanent, unemployed population in the United States, it is inevitable that the next move is to force those who have jobs to accept less and less for their labor.
Jim Fuller
I just created a new Twitter account, and it got me to thinking about all the data visualization I've seen for Twitter tweets. I felt like I'd seen a lot, and it turns out there are quite a few. Here they are grouped into four categories – network diagrams, maps, analytics, and abstract.
Network Diagrams
Twitter is a social network with friends (and strangers) linking up with each other and sharing tweets aplenty. These network diagrams attempt to show the relationships that exist among users.
Twitter Browser
Twitter Social Network Analysis
The ebiquity group did some cluster analysis and managed to group tweets by topic.
Twitter Vrienden
Twitter in Red
I'm not completely sure how to read this one. I look like it starts from a single user and then shoots out into the network.
Twitter Network
Maps
When you create a Twitter account, you can enter where you are located, so in my case, I put New York. Because Tweets often have location attached to them, maps naturally lend themselves to tweet visualization.
TwiterVision
Yeah, it's a Google Maps mashup, but a bit better than what you're used to seeing.
TwitterVision3d
It's TwitterVision taken to the next dimension.
Analytics
Maybe you don't care so much about the relationships or locations, but what you're really after is what everyone is Twittering about. These analytic visualization serve as a Twitter zeitgeist.
TweetStat
TweetVolume
TwitStat
TwitterMeter
Abstract
They're not quite maps, not quite network diagrams, and not quite analytic tools. Rather they all follow some metaphor and encourage exploration.
24 o'clocks
Is it just me, or does this sound like a really good name for a band?
TweetPad
Created at the Visualizar workshop, it's actually more than just curves. In fact the blobbies are meant more for background while the main event is playing with the tweets.
Twitter Fountain
Twitter Blocks
Created by the folks at Stamen. I posted about Blocks when it came out.
TwitterPoster
TwitterVerse
A lot, huh? All of these were made possible by the Twitter API that allows developers to access Twitter data for free. Did I miss any other Twitter visualizations? Please leave the link in the comments below.
Follow Me On Twitter
So now that you know what Twitter looks like, you can head on over and “follow” me; or if you don't have an account yet, you can create one in a few seconds.
If you don't know what Twitter is or wondering what the point is, here's a short video explaining Twitter in “plain English.”
Yesterday, driving to work I listened to Rush Limbaugh read a letter he'd written to President Obama. I listen to Limbaugh because he reminds me of the carnival barkers of my youth, men who were selling elixirs, snake oil, or inviting you for an extra 50 cents to check out the half man/half woman in the secreted tent. They were quaint and harmless compared to the barking Limbaugh who yesterday would have us believe -- he actually said this! -- the President was seeking to destroy the country so that he might then save it.
The rest of the day, last night, and this morning I couldn't stop thinking about the ugly, vindictive, dispiriting and reprehensible things barker Limbaugh had to say about our President. I ached to answer him but couldn't find the words. And then I remembered a scene in an episode of All In The Family when Maude, who later starred in her own series, came to visit Archie. Archie was sitting in his chair. Maude was standing beside him and they were fighting about the legacy of Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Finally, Archie who was rewriting history in this argument said something so misguided and distasteful that Maude could not find the words to respond with. All but choking with frustration, her entire body seemingly ready to burst, all she could say was: "You're Fat!"
SANTA CLARA — Carlos Hyde flashed a smile that reflected pure admiration Thursday when discussing Frank Gore, the legend he might eventually succeed in the 49ers' backfield.
For now, Hyde is just thrilled to be in position to learn from the 49ers' all-time leading rusher.
“Being able to watch Frank Gore and have an opportunity to learn from him is awesome,” said Hyde, a second-round draft pick last week out of Ohio State. “Not too many people get to learn from a guy who's probably going to the Hall of Fame. I'm going to really pay attention to him and take notes.”
Hyde hasn't yet crossed paths with Gore since arriving this week for offseason workouts. Gore gets his work in early in the mornings, and he's usually leaving just as Hyde arrives.
“That was a guy, even before I got drafted, that I was already comparing myself to — he and Marshawn Lynch,” Hyde said, “because those guys are relentless with the ball and they run tough.”
Hyde did meet Gore earlier this spring while training at Bommartio Performance Systems in North Miami Beach.
“They've very, very different players … but one thing in common is their love for football. Frank lives and breathes football,” Pete Bommarito said Thursday in a phone interview. “It's good for Carlos to be around guys like that, to see what it takes to be a consummate pro.”
Bommarito described Hyde's style as the “prototype of today's NFL,” whereas he can be both a bruising back and also a receiving threat.
Hyde (6-foot, 235 pounds) is the biggest back in the 49ers' stable, which includes Gore (5-9, 217), Kendall Hunter (5-7, 199), LaMichael James (5-9, 195), Jewell Hampton (5-9, 210) and the untested Marcus Lattimore (5-11, 211).
Hyde's most likely role is to assume the short-yardage spot which the 49ers occasionally attempted to fill in past seasons with now-Buffalo Bills tailback Anthony Dixon (6-1, 233).
“The standard for bigger backs is 4.6. He's an exceptional big back with 4.5 speed,” Bommarito said.
Hyde strained his left hamstring running the 40-yard dash (in 4.66 seconds) at February's scouting combine. He ran again for scouts prior to the draft earlier this month.
Gore's been training with Bommarito since before the 2005 draft, when the 49ers took a third-round gamble on the Miami tailback with two surgically repaired knees. Gore was unavailable for comment Thursday.
“The main thing Frank was doing here was we prepared him and got his body aligned for OTAs and what (the 49ers) wanted,” Bommarito said. “He looks about the same as always. It's not like he ages.”
Gore, who turned 31 on Wednesday, has turned several 49ers teammates onto Bommarito since the 2011 collective bargaining agreement restricted players' ability to work out at team facilities early in the offseason.
Quarterback Colin Kaepernick worked out there for two months after the Super Bowl, along with wideout Quinton Patton and linebacker Nick Moody. Wideout Anquan Boldin and linebacker NaVorro Bowman also have trained there.
Hyde says his Ohio State upbringing has him ready to also protect Kaepernick, both in the pocket and out of it.
As for why he described his own running style as “violent” when interviewed on draft day, Hyde replied: “I just run with anger. I don't shy away from contact. I'm a relentless runner, a guy who's always scratching and clawing for those extra yards.”
For more on the 49ers, see Cam Inman's Hot Read blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/49ers. Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/CamInman.
In response to complaints, tweaks made to dining
HDAG offers new lunch options as well as a cheaper $2,500 plan, though many still aren't happy
Dean for Student Life Chris Colombo and the House and Dining Advisory Group (HDAG) updated the dining plan yesterday with lunch options as well as a cheaper $2,500 plan to appease upperclassmen wary of mandatory dining.
Students can now pay more for the option of getting lunch at Maseeh Hall. Current sophomores and juniors who want the minimum can choose a $2,500 “transition” plan that offers 7 meals a week. In an e-mail sent out to undergraduates, Colombo said the changes to the dining plan came about as a response to student concerns over cost, flexibility and the impact on community at FSILGs and non-dining dorms.
According to Henry J. Humphreys, senior associate dean of residential life and dining, there will be no more changes to the types or prices of plans offered.
Many students are still dissatisfied, especially with the transition plan, which is available only to current sophomore and juniors and will be phased out after the current sophomores graduate. Keone D. Hon '11, creator of the anti-dining petition SayNo.mit.edu said, “These changes are absolutely not adequate enough. As articulated in the petition, we don't accept ‘grandfathering' as an acceptable solution.”
Hon launched a letter-writing campaign last night that has yielded over 40 e-mails to Colombo in the space of a couple hours.
The new plans
For a couple hundred dollars extra, the new lunch plans allow students to allocate their weekly meals between breakfast, dinner or lunch (which will only be offered at Maseeh Hall). Students who live in Maseeh hall will have to buy these premium flex plans; other students will be able to choose between these or the regular plans, which offer a fixed number of breakfasts and dinners a week.
For instance, the “Basic 14” plan offers 14 meals a week, 7 dinners and 7 breakfasts, for $3,800 a year. For $500 more, the “Any 14” plan still only offers 14 meals a week, but those meals can be any combination of breakfasts/brunches, lunches or dinners.
In general, the cheaper plans will only be offered to upperclassmen.
The transition plan is the cheapest plan, offering 7 flexible meals a week. Only the classes of 2012 and 2013 will be able to purchase it.
Students in the incoming class of 2015 will have to buy the most expensive plans. At Maseeh, this means the $4,500, 19-meals-a-week flexible plan. At other dining dorms, this means they will have to buy at minimum the 14-meals-a-week rigid plan, for $3,800.
Addressing student concerns
Administrators say that giving upperclassmen the option to purchase cheaper plans will ease the transition into the new dining system.
“We're offering the transition plan that will allow dorm cultures to stay intact,” Humphreys said. “The flexibility of the plan takes into account students' busy schedules and will give more options if they were considering moving out.”
But some students complain that the essence of the new plan has not changed. “DSL administrators seem more concerned with winning this battle against the students, than with creating a good dining plan. The new option offered today reflects this, and it does nothing to solve the underlying problems with the plan or address the concerns of freshmen and future underclassmen,” Baker president Andy Wu '11 said in an e-mail to Baker House and the Undergraduate Association last night. In that same e-mail, Wu announced his resignation from the House Dining Advisory Group.
Tom Gearty, director of communications for the Division of Student Life, said the new plan does not mean the end of community at FSILGs and off-campus dorms. “We can improve community in the house dining system without working to the detriment of the other communities with concerns. You're MIT students — if anyone can adapt and innovate, it's this community.”
Some worry that mandatory dining will discourage pledges still living in dorms from eating dinner at their fraternities. Gearty said, “Can it have an impact? Possibly yes. We will have to go into discussion about how to mitigate it. We won't know until we put the plan into place and we'll try to accommodate the concerns as we move forward.”
Hon believes that students will not be satisfied with the transition plan. “It's inclusion surprised us in that the transition plan isn't even that attractive to students in dining dorms right now,” he said.
Hon also cited concerns about lack of transparency in the process of formulating the new dining plan.
“We're concerned with HDAG's attitudes that certain concerns will be addressed as time passes on. All these issues should have been vetted thoroughly during the process that happened last year. We want the commitment from administration that everything is on the table, without the basic restrictive fundamental assertions that got us to our current proposed dining plan,” he said.
Both Wu and Hon urged students to continue protesting the dining plan. In his e-mail, Wu asked Bakerites to sign the SayNo petition, while Hon asked students to e-mail Dean Colombo their opinions on the revised plan. The letters were copied to The Tech. As of Monday midnight, there were 41 e-mails, all of them in opposition to the proposed plan, and several sent from parents of students.
Hon sees the changes as a small, if unsatisfactory step forward.
“One positive message that comes out of this announcement, however, is the acknowledgement by HDAG and Colombo that the plan can be revised, which contradicts their earlier assertion that there is no room for changes,” Hon said. “These revisions, though minimal, show that the process of settling on MIT's new dining plan is still ongoing and that the overwhelming student outcry is having an effect.”
Humphreys told The Tech, however, in both an interview and e-mail correspondence that the structure of the plans is now final. Future changes would only involve other minor adjustments, “such as hours of operation and food options for residents who have particular dietary, religious or personal needs.”
Humphreys sees the new plan as a return to form for MIT. “Twenty years ago, MIT had a meal plan, and for the past twenty years, people have been experimenting with various plans, none of which have worked. This new system will at last provide quality food and nutrition, benefiting the MIT community.”
Exit polls credited the AfD with around 13 percent of the vote, making it the third biggest political force in Germany -- a stunning result for a party that was founded just four years ago.
"We will change this country," vowed Alexander Gauland, one of the party's top candidates, pledging to "go after" Chancellor Angela Merkel's government.
The results mean at least 60 AfD lawmakers will sit on the opposition benches and be able to spread their views, including challenging Germany's culture of atonement over World War II and the massacre of six million Jews and others in the Holocaust.
The International Auschwitz Committee warned that the "conglomerate of anti-Semites, enemies of democracy and nationalistic agitators" will bring "an inhuman coldness" to the glass-domed chamber of the Reichstag building.
The Sueddeutsche Zeitung daily called the election "a watershed in the federal republic's history, comparable to the first vote of a unified Germany in 1990, although that case was a welcome event".
"For the first time in more than 50 years, a nationalist, extreme-right, broadly racist party will sit in the Bundestag ... That is sad, shameful and will change the climate in the country."
'Bikinis, not burkas'
The AfD began life as an anti-euro protest party but then shifted focus to capitalise on misgivings over the record one million asylum seekers who arrived in Germany since 2015.
Its tone turned increasingly extreme in the last stretch of election campaigning, with one of its two leading candidates saying Germany should be proud of its war veterans and claiming that terror was grounded in Islam.
Provocative posters declared "Burkas? We prefer bikinis" and "New Germans? Let's make them ourselves".
Its supporters heckled Merkel's rallies across the country, jeering, whistling and chanting "get lost" in attempts to drown her out.
Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a Social Democrat, has warned that "for the first time since the end of the second World War, real Nazis will sit in the German parliament". The Greens party has used the same term.
Merkel, more cautiously, urged voters to choose "the parties that are 100 percent loyal to our constitution".
The AfD will be a pariah in the Bundestag as all mainstream parties have said they won't work with it, but the party could still be vocally disruptive from the opposition benches.
'Le Pen pales in comparison'
A commentator in Spiegel weekly blamed Merkel for the rise of the AfD, saying she should be voted out simply for failing to stop "the Nazis from entering the Bundestag" on her watch.
Critics say widening social inequality, despite record employment, is also playing into the hands of AfD populists, who are most popular in the deindustrialised heartlands of the former communist east.
Thorsten Benner, director of the Global Public Policy Institute in Berlin, said the AfD's rise shows that "Germany is not so different from other European countries, where there are strong right-wing populist forces."
"Our population is no more virtuous than the French population," he noted, saying that even France's far-right leader Marine Le Pen "pales in comparison".
The party "will challenge key themes" in parliament, he said, pointing to Germany's culture of wartime remembrance and debate on cultural identity.
Gauland recently called for Germans to stop atoning for the past.
He also said integration commissioner Aydan Ozoguz should be "disposed of in Anatolia", suggesting she will never be German because of her Turkish origin.
The presence of the AfD "will very much change the tone of debate in parliament," Benner warned.
But Manfred Guellner, who heads the opinion poll institute Forsa, predicted that the AfD will self-destruct in the Bundestag.
"The AfD will disintegrate because that's what happens to sectarian groups from the right," he told Neue Osnabruecker Zeitung.
Chinese netizens are criticizing French society and culture after a Chinese exchange student was harassed and assaulted on the Paris Metro last week.
The student, given the pseudonym Fang Fang, was riding the subway to visit friends last Thursday when she was verbally harassed by three young French commuters. Fang Fang, a student at a preparatory college at a public French university, stated that although her French skills are not so strong, she was able to recognize the racial slurs directed towards her, Sina reports.
The next day, Fang Fang and a friend also took the metro and once again crossed paths with one of the previous night's antagonists, accompanied also by three other young French friends. This group began harassing Fang Fang and her friend, throwing things at them and eventually hitting the young student several times in the face and kicking her.
Fang Fang recounts that the cabin of the subway train was full of people, but when she called for help, nobody reacted except a middle-aged woman who pleaded with the attackers to stop.
Pierre Picard, a China expert at the Université de Paris VII, contextualized the assault for China Daily, relating current French xenophobia to recent terrorist attacks.
France has become an object of terrorist attacks, which makes some French repulse foreigners. Moreover, since economic conditions in France, and even in the whole of Europe, are not that positive, many French think foreigners coming to France make their incomes and businesses worse.
Opponents of this position might cite the economic contributions made by Chinese tour groups to France, sometimes 6,400-strong, and wealthy young couples who go to Paris for the perfect engagement photos.
Fang Fang's account of the incident has garnered massive attention on Weibo, receiving 11,400 reposts and 5,755 comments by Wednesday. Comments on the story reveal Chinese attitudes and hurt pride regarding the treatment of their brethren overseas, with responding with racist attacks of their own.
A police report filed by Fang Fang noted bruises on the young woman's body but currently no further action has been taken. Foreigners traveling in subways across the world may also want to learn from one Chinese woman and disguise their identities while hydrating their skin.
By Matthew Patel
[Images via on.cc // bcbay.com]
Brazil is going through a deep crisis right now. It is tempting to say that this is the greatest crisis in the country's history, but I am quite afraid to make this comment. Unlike England and the United States, which have experienced significant institutional stability in the past 200 or 300 years, Brazil has gone through several political breakdowns in its history, and the current economic crisis is far from the hyperinflation of the 1980s. But there is a characteristic that links the present crisis to the previous ones: the presence of a tendentially authoritarian state.
Although Brazil was governed by an openly socialist party only between 2003 and 2016, this does not mean that socialist characteristics were not present in the country much earlier. One of the central theses of F.A. Hayek in the Road to Serfdom is that the democratic socialist parties of Western Europe (notably the Labor Party in England) had more features in common with the Nazis and fascists than they would have liked to admit. In other words, the differences between left (even a moderate left) and extreme right were illusory: they both had the fundamental characteristic of trying to plan society centrally.
The opposition between spontaneous order and central planning was one of the central theses in Hayek's career. In Fatal Conceit he develops this theme a lot, showing how the opposition between central planning and lack of planning is a fallacy: society will forcibly be planned. The question is by whom: for a small group of people on behalf of all the others, or for a large group of individuals, each with limited responsibilities? According to Hayek, this distinction between central planning and individual planning is one of the central separations between an authoritarian society (left or right) and a truly free society.
It is difficult to say if the PT (“worker's party”) government between 2003 and 2016 was the most corrupt in Brazilian history. Homesick people can always claim that corruption was also present in previous governments (it was just not investigated), and possibly they would be right. Before becoming a country ruled by a socialist party, Brazil has always been a patrimonialist country. And this is a fundamental point that adherents of socialism cannot understand: Brazil has never been a capitalist country, at least not in the sense that the liberal tradition employs.
Starting from Hayek, we conclude that central planning is impossible. Planners do not have the information they need to make their plans. As Mises taught, without private property there is no price formation, and without price formation the economic calculation is impossible. This opens space for what Hayek calls a fatal conceit: the assumption that it is possible to run a country from a central body, a presupposition that not only fails to achieve its goals, but also leaves piles of corpses on the way.
The PT government was probably the most corrupt in Brazilian history because it was what most rejected capitalism. The opposite of the free market is the attempt to centrally plan the economy. To centrally plan the economy, an army of administrators is needed. To watch over these administrators, a host of supervisors is needed, and so on. Corruption is inevitable.
Socialist governments are always among the most corrupt, and the reason is simple: the more government, the more corruption. A simpler, more decentralized government is not perfect. But it's the best we can wish for. It would certainly be a government with less control over money, and thus less likely to steal.
To the Women of Earth,
I have a confession to make. I'm staring at your breasts. And I can't stop. Most breasts are rather wonderful. Small, large, or somewhere in between, they all look lovely to me. The best way I can put it is, I have the eyes of a hungry infant, everywhere I look in the world very often I see boobs. My eyes find the joyful curves of a woman's chest completely unbidden by me. It's subconscious. It's biologically driven. It's always been like this. It's not you. It's me. And since it's me I figured I should be the one to do something about it. Right?
It's not your fault your breasts are some of those most amazing shapes in the known universe. What are you supposed to do about the fact your breast's slopes and curves, their shadows and sag, create such an unfairly spectacular example of nature's good grace? I know I risk sounding like a drunken poet if I go on, so I'll stop now. And I also recognize that you didn't ask to carry around, on display, beautiful mounds of fat and flesh, that for nearly half the population, the chance to gaze upon your breasts, for even a moment, is like a tiny perfect joy for them. What are you supposed to do about the fact to some men gazing at your boobs is like taking in a Technicolor summer sunset. It is kinda odd how breasts hold such power to draw the eyes of a man. But they do. You have to remember that some sunsets, and the silhouettes of some breasts, a man remembers for a lifetime.
To speak of breasts this way divorces them from the woman they are attached to. I get that. Your boobs aren't flowers. The beauty of a spring blossom might catch a man's eye. It might cause a man to want to stop and stare, to gaze and gawk at the delicate beauty. This happens. But unlike the plant that produces the blossom, the woman who produces the bosom has eyes. She can see you staring at her. (And that shit ain't cool.)
Some people think having large breasts makes a woman stupid. Actually, it's quite the opposite: a woman having large breasts makes men stupid. Rita Rudner
When a man stares and gawks, and makes obvious his sexualized thoughts, that's a problem. That's what makes a woman uncomfortable. She feels reduced to a thing. Her only involvement in the moment is to give the viewer pleasure. Her space is invaded by his eyes as they reduce her to naughty bits and pieces. I totally get that. No one wants to make a woman feel that way. Well, I certainly don't. And this is my conundrum as a feminist-minded boob-lover.
Would Nature be so cruel as to populate the planet with breasts and then dictate that a gentleman must never stare at a lady's breasts while she's out in public? I think any zero tolerance policy seems cruel and unusual. There has to be an allowable limit of boob-time. To say never ignores the nature of the man. I'll say it plain, and as gentlemanly, as possible.
I can't stop my eyes from looking at your breasts.
Try as I might, my eyes are faster than any conscious thought. They move at the speed of nature not society. My eyes act at the speed of reaction. Like a hawk hunting field mice, my eyes find your breasts far faster than the demands of propriety can restrain them. It doesn't happen every time I see breasts, I don't do it to every woman, most of the time I don't sexualize my experiences with a woman, I can see and treat her as just another adult, but not always. Sometimes, I see a hint of cleavage peaking through a gap between buttons and my eyes jump there faster than you can say titties! I am not proud of this. But I am being honest.
So, I gotta ask, can I occasionally look … but not stare at your boobs?
Paradise can be found on the backs of horses, in books and between the breasts of women. -Arab proverb
I think science has my back on this one. The same as how I might notice that someone is wearing earrings because the metal catches the light and it flashes and my eyes focus on the glint of that shiny metal, it's the same way I might notice you have breasts. The deep parts of my brain are nearly instantaneously stimulated, before the frontal lobe that controls higher mental processing and socializing behaviors, and then I'm gonna look at your boobs. Now, even though I can't restrain my eyes, I still don't want any woman to suffer negative consequences because her milkshake bring my boys to the yard.
Which means, we're back to square one.
What's a reasonable amount of time to stare at a woman's breasts?
What about: one second? Seems fair. Two seconds seems decadent, and three seconds, well, then a dude is officially ogling her Funicellos.
Okay, how about this? Basically, my eyes shouldn't linger on a woman's breast any longer than it takes for me to recognize what I'm looking at and then have the thought to look elsewhere. I get a moment of recognition and then I avert my eyes, like any decent gentleman.
For instance, a man sees a woman's breast. He says to himself, “Whoa, that's a fine-looking breast. And I should probably look elsewhere.”
I imagine all of that would transpire inside of one second.
This isn't about me, or guys, or even boobs, in particular; it's about our public sphere, our animal instincts and how we ask each other to modify nature's impulses. I'm not excusing any predatory actions by men. No one is defending a dude who stares at breasts with the foul hunger of some half-starved beast. And I sure don't condone dudes who shout at a woman, “Hey, nice tits!” It's important we remember this moment of boob-viewing is about the woman and just as much, if not more so, than the man. Probably more so. No woman deserves to be eye-molested by a slack-jawed waste of testicles. A woman's body isn't a playground for men's eyes. But also, let's face it, it kinda is. So that confusion is why I have to ask.
Let's drop one level deeper into the morass of masculine and feminine tendencies. My sister is a woman, as most sisters are, and growing up with her I've heard a roomful of girls/women talk about boys/men. I know some of you out there do “bulge checks.” I've heard how some of you pride yourselves on knowing a man's potential before he's even loosened his belt. And I know some of you like a man with a good ass. You want something to grab onto, I get that. And I've heard you talk about how much you like the sight of strong arms just the same as how I like to see the curve of a breast. So, let's not play. We're all animals in this conversation.
We should also point out, some men have an advantage over others. We call those guys, ass men. The typical butt man is a lucky dude. I have friends who are ass men and they'll often brag about how they rarely get caught enjoying the curves of a woman's backside. But breast men, now, there's a different story. Breast men are forced to play a riskier game of “Don't Get Caught.” A breast man gazes upon a woman's boobs, perhaps his imagination takes over his mental theater and then his eyes cloud over like some sorta sex zombie. Bam! That's right when he feels her eyes on him. He changes his focus and sees he's been caught. Again. And it sucks. For everyone involved.
Women of Earth, you may be thinking, as you read this, and you'd be right to think it, This isn't a game! And I totally agree, it's not a game. But it is part of nature's grand design. And it's a real question that takes in to account our human nature not some social-minded ideal.
How long can a man look at a woman's breasts without making her feel used, or degraded, reduced to subject of his fantasy and source of his satisfaction?
The best I've come up with is: One second.
That's where I seek decency, in the length of a passing moment. As long as I don't stare, or gawk, ogle, or clearly fantasize, then I can go on appreciating, in brief ecstasy, the female form. For one second I can take notice of the many varieties of curves and shadow that surround me daily. That sounds about fair, doesn't it? I'm asking as a fan. I'm asking for a friend. I'm asking for all men.
A creative man can live a lifetime inside of one second; if properly inspired. I'd request women allow men one second to work out their indecent nature as decently as possible. No laws, no bullshit, just an agreement between men and women that acknowledges men are rock-bottom creatures at times and in those moments when we can't control our eyes but we still don't want to impose upon a woman's day in any way, one second grant us time to transcend our nature and return our gaze to your eyes. Occasionally, give us one second to be animals, and we'll agree to spend the rest of the minute as men (or as close as we can get).
Do we have a deal?
Advertisement State study measures cost of free birth control bill Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Legislative leaders looking to fast track a bill that would guarantee women in Massachusetts access to free coverage for birth control received a cost analysis key to moving the measure forward that determined the benefit would add between 7 cents and 20 cents to monthly health insurance premiums.The review produced by the Center for Health Information and Analysis found that mandating coverage of birth control without co-payments for women in Massachusetts would cost the health care system between $1.9 million and $5.7 million annually over the next five years.The per month per member increase would amount to an increase of less than one half of 1 percent in total premiums for employers and individuals.Rep. Aaron Michlewitz and Sen. Jamie Eldridge wrote to CHIA in early October requesting an expedited review of the legislation after President Donald Trump expanded employers' ability to opt out of the free birth control coverage requirement in the Affordable Care Act on moral grounds.State law requires a cost analysis of all proposed new insurance benefit mandates before they can be moved out of committee."We're taking a look at. We're reviewing it. And hopefully we'll have some news shortly," Michlewitz told the News Service Wednesday. The CHIA report was filed with the Legislature Tuesday evening, and the North End Democrat said he spent part of the night reviewing its finding.Michlewitz could not say whether he would push for a vote in the House before the Legislature breaks for the holidays on Nov. 15 until after the New Year."We want to make sure that it's properly constructed, and because there was an agreement between the insurers and the advocacy groups, we're trying to make sure all those pieces can get done. We would like to do something sooner rather than later, but I don't want to put a timeline on it because I don't think that's fair to the issue," Michlewitz said.Massachusetts already requires insurers to cover birth control, but not without co-payments.The so-called ACCESS bill, filed by Senate Majority Leader Harriette Chandler and Speaker Pro Tempore Patricia Haddad, would guarantee free access to oral contraception for women in Massachusetts, let women pick up a 12-month supply of birth control after their initial prescription, and mandate coverage of emergency contraception at pharmacies without a copayment or a new prescription.Before a hearing on the legislation last month, Massachusetts health insurers and advocates, including Planned Parenthood, announced that they had agreed to compromise language that would ensure their support for the bill, if added.The 78-page report, prepared for CHIA by BerryDunn, found that the most costly element to the legislation was the requirement that insurers cover all versions of prescribed, FDA-approved oral contraceptives without cost sharing.In total, the new coverage mandates would add between 84 cents and $2.40 to the annual premiums for a Massachusetts subscribers, or an increase of 0.042 percent on the high end.CHIA also noted that at least one study has shown that women receiving birth control pills for 13 cycles at a time were more likely to receive routine and recommended Pap and chlamydia tests and were less likely to have a pregnancy test than women who had to fill their prescriptions more regularly. Women who received a full year's supply of birth control were also 30 percent less likely to have an unintended pregnancy than women receiving one, three-month supply."It's certainly reasonable for what we're trying to accomplish here, but I think we need to delve a little more into the numbers and take a closer look at it before we make a full determination from the committee's standpoint," Michlewitz said.He added, "Let's put it this way. It wouldn't be the highest per member per month we've ever done, but it would certainly not be the lowest."Some Catholic organizations oppose the bill, despite the exemption for church or qualified church-controlled organizations who would be allowed to opt out. The protections for free birth control would also not apply to the self-insured market, which accounts for many large employers in Massachusetts.Catholic Action League Executive Director C.J. Doyle has called the bill a "special interest legislation is intended to maximize contraceptive use."Gov. Charlie Baker pledged in March to use state resources to offset federal funding cuts to Planned Parenthood that were being threatened by Republicans in Congress, and said last month after Trump issued new birth control coverage rules that he supports the concepts of the compromise struck in Massachusetts between insurers and advocates.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Every generation or so, the American flag becomes a flashpoint in civic discourse. In recent memory, it's been held aloft by civil rights marchers and burned by critics of the Vietnam War. It became a show of unity after 9/11 and, some would argue, a symbol of militarism as US intervention ramped up in the years after 2001. Today, it represents a country deeply divided along partisan lines, led by a man who disguises bigoted populism as patriotism. It's also a symbol for a resurgent movement of white nationalists who cloak their hate in the stars and stripes, even as they defend Confederate monuments. And for countless others, it's a symbol of a country that's still a work in progress—work that they're proud and humbled to do.
The American flag is more than a symbol. It's a product.
But the American flag is more than a symbol. It's a product. And for nearly a century, it's been among the dozens of things made by incarcerated men and women inside America's prisons.
On Sunday, California Sen. Kamala Harris (D) paid a visit to Atlanta, where she helped celebrate the 150th anniversary of First Congregational Church, a famed African American institution that is one of the few surviving places of worship that once catered to newly freed blacks after the Civil War. She touched on the national anthem protests that have recently swept across the NFL, calling them—and the “fight for the equality of each and every one of us”—patriotic. And then she said this:
When we sing the Star Spangled Banner, we rightly think about brave men and women from all backgrounds who proudly defend the freedom of those they may never meet and people who will never know their names. When we sing the Star Spangled Banner, we also think about those marching in the streets who demand that the ideals of that flag represent them too…And we think about women like the women I recently visited at a California state prison. They were making American flags. The kind you see waving over the United States Capitol or down the street at the Georgia state Capitol.
Harris was referring to the visit she made to the Central California Women's Facility in July, a visit on which I tagged along. It was a surreal experience to watch dozens of women, mostly women of color, at work stations inside of the country's largest prison for women, laying out and printing fabric and then dyeing it royal blue. It was just as surreal, if not more so, to hear prison officials point out that these flags would one day fly atop every state and federal building in California, describing this with something almost adjacent to pride.
I was born and raised in California and certainly took my fair share of California history classes from elementary school through college. In high school, I marched in protests against Proposition 21, the 2000 ballot initiative that made it easier to prosecute young people, and I was educated by the types of teachers who gave extra credit for attending demonstrations in downtown San Francisco against the Iraq War. But even I was surprised to learn that our country's symbols of freedom were made by women who had none.
They do this work for pennies on the dollar. When they're released, their criminal records often disqualify them from finding work in the industries that shaped their lives on the inside.
There are more than 2.2 million people incarcerated inside of America's adult prisons, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. California's prison population is notorious for its size—so much so that the Supreme Court ruled in 2011 that the overcrowded conditions were unconstitutional and ordered the state to reduce its inmate population by more than 30,000. At the time, California's prison system was operating at nearly double the capacity it was originally built to house, and photos of rows of bunk beds lining gymnasiums spoke to the growing crisis. The surge in prison populations had largely happened in the 1980s and 1990s; as drugs flooded black neighborhoods, state legislatures adopted “tough on crime” policies and mandatory minimum sentences. For its part, California passed a “three strikes” law that put people away for life for relatively minor offenses.
All of this disproportionately affected communities of color. Oftentimes that was by design. Hillary Clinton called some young people “superpredators” in the late-1990s while she was supporting Bill Clinton's disastrous crime bill. In 1989, Donald Trump took out a full-page newspaper ad calling for the death penalty to be reinstated in response to the infamous Central Park jogger case. (The black teenagers imprisoned for that crime were later exonerated, but Trump has continued to insist they were guilty.)
That sort of racial coding wasn't atypical for the time. It was the norm. And the resurgent white nationalism among some Trump supporters proves that it still is. Trump played on white America's deepest racial anxieties about inner-city crime during his campaign.
Today, the federal and state agencies where racial disparities play out most prominently are America's jails and prisons. Two-thirds of the women behind bars in America are women of color. They often are unemployed before being convicted and are struggling with addiction or mental illness, according to a report from the Vera Institute for Justice.
Many of these prisoners make a wide range of products that we often take for granted in our daily lives: the mattresses we sleep on, the furniture in our college dorm rooms, the circuit boards that power our favorite gadgets. They make dentures for the elderly and even fight our most vicious wildfires. They do this work for literal pennies on the dollar. When and if they're released, their criminal records often disqualify them from finding work in the industries that shaped their lives on the inside.
At the church in Atlanta, Harris insinuated that making those flags was a form of patriotism, not just penance. “That day when I was looking at those women and talking with them, they were doing everything…from cutting the fabric to silk-screening and pushing the paint through the stars and the stripes,” Harris said. “And I thought, ‘Yes, certainly they have made mistakes, but that's their flag too.'”
I'd take that one step further.
At its heart, the fights over the American flag are really battles over whose labor to “make America great again” we can and should recognize. It's hard to reconcile that people without freedom are responsible for creating our symbols of it. But it's a sign of what America has always been: a land in which freedom is only given to some.
Image caption Mr Saxby said he was terrified his attackers had a knife or a gun
A decorated war veteran said he was "appalled and terrified" when no-one came to his rescue as he was mugged in a Cambridgeshire supermarket car park.
Michael Saxby, 83, was attacked by two people at about 12:00 BST on Friday at Tesco in Bar Hill. They took his bank card and £720 from his bank account.
Mr Saxby said: "If I was younger I would have helped someone in trouble."
A Tesco spokesman said the company was "deeply saddened" and was helping the police investigation.
I shouted at the top of my voice, 'Please help, please help', but people just walked on Michael Saxby
He added Tesco wished Mr Saxby, who sustained bruising to his hands and back during the attack, "a speedy recovery".
The pensioner, who uses crutches to help him walk after being injured by a landmine in the 1950s when he was an RAF medical orderly in Malaya, said he had called out for help but no-one had come.
"I shouted at the top of my voice, 'Please help, please help', but people just walked on.
"I thought the man and woman might have a knife or a gun. I was absolutely terrified."
'Brushed away'
Mr Saxby was recognised by the Royal Humane Society in 1942 for saving a boy from a Cambridgeshire river and worked at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge for more than 40 years after leaving the RAF.
Image caption Mr Saxby said he called for help but people in the car park "walked on"
"I've helped people all my life, but no-one came to my aid.
"One woman did walk over but she was sort of brushed away," he said.
"I've always been very conscientious, especially as a younger man, even if it meant putting my own life in danger. I always helped people."
Mr Saxby said he believed he was filmed entering his personal identification number on a keypad in the supermarket by a woman using a mobile phone.
"That's the only way I can think of that they got hold of the number," he said. "I didn't give it to them."
Mr Saxby said his bank had told him the money would be returned to him.
The £720 was taken out of his account in two withdrawals "within minutes", he said.
A Cambridgeshire Police spokesman described it as a "callous attack on a vulnerable man".
"We know a number of people witnessed this incident and I would urge them to come forward and report what they saw," he said.
William Butler Yeats was an Irish poet and playwright, and one of the foremost figures of 20th century literature. A pillar of both the Irish and British literary establishments, in his later years he served as an Irish Senator for two terms. Yeats was a driving force behind the Irish Literary Revival and, along with Lady Gregory, Edward Martyn, and others, founded the Abbey Theatre, where he served as its chief during its early years. In 1923 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature as the first Irishman so honoured for what the Nobel Committee described as "inspired poetry, which in a highly artistic form gives expression to the spirit of a whole nation." Yeats is generally ... more »
Click here to add this poet to your My Favorite Poets.
University of Westminster suspends all student union events deemed sensitive just days after ‘Jihadi John' was unmasked as a former student and amid controversy over attendance of controversial preacher
The university attended by Mohammed Emwazi, the Islamic State extremist known as “Jihadi John”, has suspended any student union event deemed “sensitive” a day after his identity was revealed.
The University of Westminster's decision came amid confusion over when and if an event entitled Who is Muhammad? – originally scheduled for Thursday night and due to feature a controversial Islamic preacher – would go ahead.
A campaign to ban Sheikh Haitham al-Haddad from speaking was launched after allegations were made that he has described homosexuality as a “scourge” and “criminal act”.
More than 3,000 people signed a petition to stop him speaking at the event, but he insisted he should be allowed to on the grounds the event was not focused on sexuality.
The university's Islamic society was forced to postpone the event over security concerns on Thursday afternoon after Emwazi, 26, was identified.
On Friday sources close to the university's Islamic Society suggested it had been rescheduled for Monday.
However, the university released a statement late on Friday contradicting that and clarifying that “any events that have been deemed sensitive have been suspended”.
Controversy over the event came as the university confirmed that Emwazi graduated from a three-year course in information systems and business management in 2009.
Haddad said the campaign against him, led by the university's LGBTI society, was “completely misplaced” because his views on sexuality were not the focus of the discussion.
“In the religion of Islam, it is clear-cut that homosexual acts are a sin and are unlawful in sharia. Trying to censor lawful speech does not change this fact,” he said.
Haddad said his views were similar to “those of orthodox Christian or Jewish religious leaders” and that denying him a platform was to deny him his right to free speech.
The university's Islamic society defended him, reiterating that sexuality was not the focus of the debate.
In a statement, the society said that inviting Haddad was not intended to cause any offence, but was motivated solely by his standing among religious leaders.
Peter Tatchell, the prominent gay rights activist, said members of University of Westminster's LGBTI society and women's rights campaigners had for years been targeted by hardline Islamist students.
“The atmosphere is intimidatory towards gay and women's rights campaigners and towards fellow Muslims who don't share their hardline interpretation of Islam,” he told the Guardian.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sheikh Haitham al-Haddad (right). Photograph: Marcel Antonisse/AFP/Getty Images
Tatchell, who has given talks at the university and has close links to its LGBTI society, said the group's posters had been torn down and defaced as recently as last year.
“Gay and women students have also told me that they are too frightened to challenge Islamists on campus because they fear retribution,” he said.
A senior lecturer, who declined to be named publicly, said the overwhelming majority of Muslim students at the university were moderate in their beliefs and were upset that preachers such as Haddad were invited to talk at the Islamic society event.
He said the society was run by extreme figures between 2008 and 2011 but that they had all graduated.
There was now only a small number of hardline Wahabi Muslims who could cause problems, he said, citing the example of a Saudi Arabian student complaining six months ago that she was being “shouted at by other Muslim students simply because she was Saudi”.
Security on the university's four campuses has been increased in recent years, with spot checks on students and restrictions on visitors. A sign at the university warns that the security alert status has been raised to amber due to a “heightened state of awareness of potential security problems or threats”.
The university has attempted to distance itself from Emwazi, saying in a statement that it was “shocked and sickened” by the news.
Asked about the allegations concerning LGBT students being targeted, a university spokeswoman said it “condemns the promotion of radicalisation, terrorism and violence or threats against any member of our community” and that any student found to be engaging in radicalised activity or intimidating others would be referred to disciplinary procedures.
In a separate statement, the university's Islamic society said it has “nothing to do with” Emwazi and added: “It is not associated with any extremist organisations and that should be obvious and not need stating, but given the climate, it has become necessary to clarify such things in statements such as this.”
The general thing is it's not a crazy extremist university. Not at all. Everyone I know is condemning this Jihadi John Naj, student
Since March 2012, the university's Islamic society is estimated to have hosted 22 events featuring speakers with a history of radical Islamist views, according to the Henry Jackson Society thinktank.
Previous speakers have included Anwar al-Awlaki, an al-Qaida leader killed by a US drone strike in Yemen in September 2011; Hizb ut-Tahrir member Jamal Harwood; and Dr Khalid Fikry, who has given speeches in which he appears to suggest that Shia Muslims believe “raping a Sunni woman is a matter that pleases Allah”.
Former Westminster university student Yassin Nassari was jailed in 2007 for carrying blueprints for a rocket in his luggage when stopped by police at Luton airport.
It is not known whether Nassari was radicalised at the university, but his Old Bailey trial heard that, after taking a break from his studies, he reappeared wearing long robes and referring to himself as “emir” of the student's Islamic society.
In 2011, the university was in the spotlight after it emerged that the then-president and a vice-president of its students' union had links to the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir, which has long called for the establishment of an Islamic state.
In 2012, a series of jihadist videos were posted on the Islamic society's Facebook page in support of al-Shabaab, the Somali Islamist terrorist group that on 21 February this year called for attacks on US, UK and Canadian shopping malls.
Several students spoken to by the Guardian on Friday insisted that the university was not a hotbed of radical Islamism.
“I don't want to use the word ‘extreme': it's a volatile word. There are different scales. I'm a Muslim myself and there are liberal moderates and more conservative,” said Naj, 20, a second-year law student.
“The general thing is it's not a crazy extremist university. Not at all. Everyone I know is condemning this Jihadi John. I don't like how the media is painting this uni to be a hub of extremism.”
Recent graduate Haleema Abdullahi, 22, said the university stood out due to its “large Muslim population” and because many students chose to wear traditional Islamic dress.
“People say we're extremist – the University of Westminster is very active with lots of events open to everyone and many sisters there are active. People say they are conservative as many wear abaya and hijab,” she said.
Abdullahi said she was sickened by Emwazi's actions, but that was not fair to link him to the university because he graduated six years ago. She added: “Other extremists went to other unis – it happens.”
Speaking at the university's Regent Street campus, a language masters student who declined to be named said the university may have a hardline reputation because some campuses had many Muslims.
“I've been here for four years and I haven't seen any radicalisation and the university Islamic society has made efforts to include people and invite non-Muslims to events, too,” she said.
However, another student said the university was segregated between Muslims and non-Muslims. “If you're not a Muslim, you won't know what happens in that separate community,” she said.
It's time to unveil the Vitality Player of the Season for 2016/17, as voted for by you, the fans.
It should come as no surprise that, after an incredible campaign, Alexis is the overwhelming winner of our official online poll.
Arsenal.com reporter Max Jones gives his verdict on the 28-year-old.
Whether he was leading the line, cutting in from the left wing or playing off a central striker in our 3-4-3 formation, Alexis made sure he stole the show.
Login or register to play video 01:12 PSG (a) - Bitesize
Fresh from retaining the Copa America with Chile, the forward brought his international form back to north London, claiming five goals and four assists in his first seven games of the season, including a late equaliser at Paris Saint-Germain.
Alexis' scintillating early-season form had pundits queuing up to lavish praise on him but, after seeing the 28-year-old in training on a daily basis, his team-mates were not surprised by how well he had started the campaign.
“He's a world-class striker who deserves everything he gets for the work he puts in every day,” said Kieran Gibbs. “I'm certain there's only more to come from him.”
He was right. More crucial goals and assists would follow through Autumn, but it wasn't until December that Alexis really came into his own.
Login or register to play video 00:49 Alexis' FA Cup semi-final winner
Now leading the line after forging a clinical partnership with Mesut Ozil, the Chilean followed his two goals against Bournemouth with a stunning individual performance at West Ham United, which featured one of the finest hat-tricks scored in an Arsenal shirt.
Alexis would go on to either score or assist in all but two of our next 12 games and, while his strike against Bayern Munich wasn't enough to help us progress in the Champions League, his extra-time winner against Manchester City at Wembley sent us on our way to an unprecedented 21st FA Cup final.
We can use all the superlatives in the world to describe his season, but Alexis' stats speak for themselves. Ahead of our showdown with Chelsea, our No 7 has made 50 appearances this season. He only failed to register a goal or an assist in 18 of those games.
It's been a truly unforgettable individual campaign for Alexis, and it's no wonder why he was your clear choice as Player of the Season.
-
WHAT THEY SAID:
“He's a leader, we have loads of leaders in the dressing room but he's the first one to get frustrated. Alexis is a true fighter, he's got a great winning mentality and that's why things are going so well for him.”Hector Bellerin
“He's definitely one of those players who will tend to bring out the best in you because he's very demanding on himself and on everyone. He's one of the strongest ones that will voice his opinions at all times. He is one of those that keeps demanding and trying to bring the best out of you."Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
“Alexis has a striker's mentality which means he never gives up and fights until the end. That's why I believe he is at that level.”Arsène Wenger
ALEXIS' FINEST MOMENTS
Login or register to play video 04:39 West Ham Utd (a) - Bitesize
West Ham United 1-5 Arsenal Premier LeagueDecember 3, 2016
As individual performances go, you'll do well to find a more complete one than Alexis' at the London Stadium. Having already set up Ozil for our opener, the 28-year-old ran riot during 15 second-half minutes to score a stunning hat-trick.
First he drilled home from a narrow angle after beating two defenders, then he found the net from the edge of the box, but this game will forever be remembered for Alexis' third.
Racing through on goal in the 87th minute, our No 7 threw an outrageous dummy and then chipped over the onrushing Darren Randolph to seal three points in style.
Login or register to play video 04:50 Burnley (h) - Bitesize
Arsenal 2-1 BurnleyPremier LeagueJanuary 22, 2017
Reduced to 10 men after Granit Xhaka had been sent off for a lunge on Steven Defour, we were desperately holding on to our slender lead as the game entered seven minutes of injury time.
It looked as though we would be denied the victory when Francis Coquelin tripped Ashley Barnes and Andre Gray kept his cool to equalise from the spot.
But then Ben Mee caught Laurent Koscielny in the face with a high boot. Jon Moss awarded Arsenal the penalty and Alexis, showing incredible composure, sent a panenka down the middle from the spot to seal a precious victory with the final kick of the game.
﻿Bitcoin is vulnerable to sabotage from the Chinese government because of its overwhelming exposure to the country, researchers have warned.
Beijing could render the Bitcoin network effectively useless by taking control of the powerful computers used to maintain the digital currency, which are largely based in China, according to a report from security companies Hacken and Gladius.
Bitcoin is seen by its supporters as free of government control, a feature that is highlighted as one of its key benefits.
GETTY IMAGES As Bitcoin has grown, it has required more expensive and powerful computers.
The digital currency is maintained not by any central organisation but by a collection of "miners", computers that are rewarded in new Bitcoins for updating the ledger of all transactions known as the blockchain.
READ MORE:
* What is bitcoin, and what can you use it for?
* Bitcoin price fall: Is it the beginning of the end?
* Investing in bitcoin is indefensible
As Bitcoin has grown, it has required more expensive and powerful computers, and meant mining has migrated to parts of the world where electricity is cheap, in particular China.
Some 77.7 per cent of the "hashpower" - the computing strength behind Bitcoin - is now based in China, according to the report, leaving the network vulnerable. The majority of the specialised hardware used to mine Bitcoin is also made in China.
"It is obvious what this country can do to the network. [It] is over-exposed to China and the government can sabotage it," said Vladyslav Makarov, an author of the report.
Bitcoin transactions must be confirmed by a consensus of users, which protects the currency from cyberattacks.
However, if one party were to control more than half of its processing power, they would be able to manipulate Bitcoin in a way that renders it useless, the report says. Such a "censorship attack" would cause transactions to grind to a halt, be completed twice, or result in Bitcoins disappearing from wallets. These events could be launched by Beijing if it coerced enough miners in the country.
Beijing has already proven itself to be sceptical of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, prompting fears about financial stability and capital flight. This year China has already banned initial coin offerings, a form of crowdfunding that involves companies issuing cryptocurrency-like tokens, and has shut the online exchanges that allow people to buy and sell cryptocurrencies.
Neither act dampened appetite for Bitcoin, whose price rose to an all-time high near $US20,000 this month, before dropping back last week.
An attack on the network could have potentially devastating effects. Even if it does not completely freeze the network, it could cause a confidence crisis that leads to Bitcoin's price collapsing.
"It is obvious that a huge amount of hashpower concentration in a single jurisdiction is detrimental to the health of the Bitcoin ecosystem," said Hacken's Hennadiy Kornev.
Adam Anderson from Gladius said that the damage from such an attack could be limited by cloning, or "forking", Bitcoin to create a version less vulnerable to Chinese influence.
"[However], I'm not sure faith in Bitcoin could be restored," he said.
Timur (9 April 1336 – 17 or 18 February 1405) was a Turco-Mongol conqueror, the founder of the Timurid Empire in Persia and Cental Asia, and the first ruler in the Timurid dynasty. In Turkic, timur means iron.
In some sources, he is known as Temūr, Temür, Amir Timur, Timur-i lang, or Tamerlane. In Persian, Timur-i lang means Temur the Lame.
Timur was the last of the great nomadic conquerors of the Euroasian Steppe, and his goal was a restoration of Genghis Khan's great Mongol Empire. Gengis Khan, who had died in 1227, and Timur shared a common ancestor.
In his lifetime, Timur conquered more than anyone else except for Alexander the Great. Towards the end of his reign, Timur controlled all the remnants of the Chagatai Khanate, the Ilkhanatate and the Golden Horse, and he also attempted to restore the Yuan dynasty in China. His army included soldiers of several different ethnicities and was both well-known and much feared throughout Asia, Africa and Europe. It crossed Euroasia from Delhi to Moscow, and from the Tien Shan Mountains of Central Asia to the Taurus Mountains of Anatolia. According to modern-day scholars, Timur's campaigns caused the death of an estimated 17 million people, which was roughly 5% of the world's population at the time.
Timur's empire set the stage for the rise of the more structured so-called Gunpowder Empires of the 16th and 17th century.
One of the Europeans who wrote about Timur was the royal envoy Ruy Gonzalez de Clavijo, who was sent to visit Timur on behalf of the Spanish king Enrique III de Castilla. In Persia, Ali Sharaf ad-Din wrote a whole biography about Timur, and so did Ahmad ibn Arabshah for an Arabic audience.
About Timur
Timur was born at Kesh, a city located roughly 50 miles south of Samarkand, on 9 April 1336. His father was a lesser chief of the Barlas tribe, and through him, Timur claimed to be a descendant of Tumbinai Setsen, a male-line ancestor he shared in common with Genghis Khan.
Timur is described as tall and strongly built, with a big head and broad forehead. His skin was pale and ruddy, and he wore a full beard.
According to the biographer Sharaf ad-Din, Timur was injured by arrows while stealing sheep in his twenties, and this left him lame in the right leg and caused his right arm to be stiff for the rest of his life. Hence, his Persian name, Timur-i lang (Temur the Lame).
His lameness didn't seem to slow him down, and before the age of 35 he was in control of all the lands that formed the heritage of Chagatai. After being proclaimed sovereign at Balkh, he turned Samarkand into his capital.
There is no evidence of Timur ever learning to read or write, but he spoke two or three languages, including Turkic and Persian, and he arranged to have history books read to him while he had dinner.
He is described as an intelligent man and also a great lover of art, including architecture and gardening. He loved to play chess, and also invented a more elaborate form of the game where twice the standard number of pieces are used on a board consisting of 110 squares. Today, we call this game Tamerlane Chess.
Religion
The question of Timur's own religious beliefs is a controversial one among scholars.
He relied on Islamic symbols and language to bring legitimicy to his conquests, and often referred to himself as The Sword of Islam. He supported educational and religious Islamic institutions, and encouraged the Borjigin leaders to convert to Islam.
Some scholars have labeled hims a Shiite (Shia muslim) based on his veneration of the house of the Prophet and the genealogy on his tombstone where he claims to be a descendant of Ali. The presence of Shiites in Timur's army might have added fuel to these conclusions, even though his army was far from homogenous.
His official religious counselor was not a Shiite but the Hanafite scholar Abd alJabbar Khwarazmi, and Timur described himself as a disciple of Sayyid Baraka – the holy man of Tirmidh. Timur's personal religious practises seem to have included Turco-MOngolian shamanistic elements blended with the Sufi tradition. Timur is also famous for ordering the construction of a marvelous building at the tomb of Ahmad Yaassawi, a missionary credited for converting many nomads of the steppe to Folk Islam.
Building an Empire
Timur inherited a system of rulership that he used for both nomadic and settled populations. Compared to Gengis Khan, the control and use of settled populations was much more important to Timur.
Early in his career, Timur began using the epithet Sahib Qiran and symbolized it with three circlets that formed a triangle. The term, which was borrowed from astrology, translates as “Lord of the Fortunate Conjuncture”. For Timur, this expressed his aim to not just balance chiefs, nomads and settled populations, but also integrate them into a dynamic institutional system.
On 18 June, 1391, Timur's army won the great Battle of Kanduzcha, and on July 28, 1402, Timur led his men to victory against the Ottoman army in Ankara.
His army
Timur's army was organized into tumen, which were military units each comprised of 10,000 men.
The army was famous not just for being extremely fierce and violent, but also for its heterogenity. It included soldiers from Timur's heartland as well as from more recently conquered lands, and was described by contemporary sources as a huge conglomeration of different people; people from nomadic groups and people from settled populations; Muslims and Christians, Moghuls as well as Anatolians, and various ethnicities such as Turks, Arabs, Tajiks, Georgians, Persians, and Indians. Among the tribes most loyal to Timur were the Barlas and the Jalayir.
Silk Road ambitions
Timur had a great interest in trade and wanted to reactive and restore the Silk Road. His ambition was to keep the Silk Road under his control, even though that ment having to go to war with various nations and empires located along this enormously long route from West to East.
China
In 1395, one of Emperor Hung-wu's embassies reached Samarkand and was promtly imprisoned by Timur. Emperor Hung-we, the first Ming ruler, had been sending out embassies to various former Yuan tributaries asking them to recognize Ming as their overlords. Timur had no intentions of bowing to Ming; on the contrary – he was plotting a campaign to seize control of that section of the Silk Road, restore Yuan to its former Mongol glory, and surpass Alexander the Great in his acomplishments as conqueror.
In 1402, Emperor Yung-lo succeeded Hung-wu as leader of the Ming. He was aware of Timur's less than friendly intentions but did send an embassador to Samarkand. This embassador was imprisoned, just like the first one. In 1405, Yung-lo launched a series of naval expeditions to the west to esnure that China would not become isolated if Timur attacked from the west by land.
Now, Timur had been biding his time for several years and was anxious to get going. His generals advised him to stay in Samarkand until spring, but Timur refused. Instead, he wanted to start moving his troups north right away along the Jaxartes river and be ready to attack China as soon as spring came.
In early January 1405, Timur left Samarkand accompanied by a huge army. The exact date had been selected by his astrologers. At this point, he was already quite old, and too weak to walk. He didn't even ride; he was carried in a litter. Still, the journey took its toll, and after reaching Utrar in late January, Timur's health was in a very poor state. He didn't continue farther than Utrar; he died there on 17 or 18 February 1405. His body was brought back to Samarkand and buried at the Gur-i-Mir.
In 1941, his body was exhumed by Russian scientist M.M. Gerasimov. After examining the skelleton, Gerasimov could confirm that it belonged to a man that had been roughly 173 cm tall, and who was a member of what was then referred to as the Mongoloid race. Gerasimov also confirmed the lameness.
The Indian National Congress's humiliating defeat in the recent Assembly elections in five states, particularly in its home state of Uttar Pradesh and the Assembly constituency of its vice-president Rahul Gandhi, are symbolic of the party's present condition.
The Congress is going through one of its worst slumps in its post-Independence history, and many digital bytes have suggested a surgical strike on its leadership and a complete overhaul of the party machinery.
The data, however, suggests a more nuanced picture. In various Assembly elections, since its defeat in the 2014 General elections, the Congress has actually improved its strike rate in terms of number of seats won per seats contested, although it has contested fewer seats. Not only that, it has also improved its vote share.
What the statistics say
The most appropriate metric for evaluating the performance of a political party and its "CEO" is its win percentage and vote share. Ten major states – Maharashtra, Jharkhand, Bihar, Delhi, Bengal, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Assam, UP and Punjab – have had a state election since the 2014 General election, not including the smaller ones such as Goa and Manipur.
These 10 states account for nearly 60 percent (317/543) of all Lok Sabha seats.
During the 2014 General election, the Congress party effectively contested in 1,544 Assembly segments – parts of Lok Sabha constituencies equivalent to Assembly constituencies – across these 10 states and won a mere 194, a winning percentage of 13 percent.
In subsequent state elections in these 10 states, the Congress party contested in 1,032 Assembly constituencies across these states and won 258 – a winning percentage of 25 percent.
Put simply, the Congress doubled its win rate between the 2014 General election and the subsequent state elections.
In the 2014 election, 20 of every 100 voters (weighted by size of the state) in these 10 states voted for the Congress. Post-2014, 30 out of every 100 voters voted for the Congress, an increase of 10 percentage points in vote share.
In eight out of these 10 states, the Congress has won more Assembly segments post-2014 than it did in the 2014 elections (when considering parliamentary performance in Assembly segments to break down voting patterns). Its vote share increased in six out of these 10.
The charts below show the Congress' vote share and seats won in the 2014 General election and the subsequent Assembly election in each state. A triangle inside the box indicates that the Congress improved its performance post-2014 in that state.
Arithmetically, it is hard to make the case that the Congress is in worse shape today than it was in 2014. The numbers clearly show that the Congress has doubled its win percentage and improved its vote share by 50 percent since 2014.
To be sure, the Congress' improved electoral performance is largely on the back of opportune alliances. But a decision to swallow pride and ally with another party is also a political strategy.
It can also be argued that the party's performance in 2014 was so miserable that the only way from there was up.
Either way, only time will tell if the Congress needs a new life or a coffin, but arguments on either side should not lose sight of the data.
Indiaspend.org is a data-driven, public-interest journalism non-profit/FactChecker.in is fact-checking initiative, scrutinising for veracity and context statements made by individuals and organisations in public life.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
This is the final entry to the three part series regarding the comparison of the Midland and Delaware sub-basins in the Greater Permian Basin. The previous entries have discussed the evolution, deposition, and stratigraphy of both of the sub-basins. This is fundamental information needed to understand Permian Basin oil production and development. But finally, here it is, what everyone really wants to know…what is this booming region producing? This post will discuss the two major contributing reservoirs in each sub-basin.
The Greater Permian Basin has been drilled since the 1920s with a peak in production in the early 70s. It produced approximately 17 percent of the US oil production in 2002 and is estimated to contain 22 percent of the oil reserves (Energy Information Administration, 2003). In recent years, companies have started drilling deeper, exploring new production zones, and drilling horizontally. This is different from the years past where shallow vertical drilling was dominant. Another shift in production has involved the change in focus from conventional resources to unconventional driven plays following the advances in shale gas recovery technologies. New technology has enhanced operating efficiencies and producing rates increasing average lateral length, average frac stages, and amount of total proppant.
Figure 1: The first figure is showing the cummulative oil production in the Permian Basin and the surrounding basins. The second figure is showing the cummulative gas production in the Permian Basin and the surrounding basins. Source: DI 2.0
The Delaware Basin
The Delaware Basin is a multi-stacked play prospect, where almost every well can potentially draw production from different zones. This sub-basin is a more horizontally mature area than the Midland Basin, and thus serves as the foundation for horizontal development in the Greater Permian Basin. Its production is best split into two areas, a northern and southern area. The northern area is known for is advancements in horizontal development while the southern area is associated with vertical wells. The prospective zones for production are located within the Bone Springs and Wolfcamp formations, often referred to as the WolfBone play.
The Bone Spring formation is the most drilled area as well as the most prolific zone in the Delaware Basin (figure 2). Production has rapidly increased since 2008 with the development in horizontal drilling. The hydrocarbon mix is fairly homogeneous throughout the play. Prospected zones to target within the Bone Spring formation vary from the northern and southern region. While both the 2nd and 3rd Bone Spring sands are targeted in the northern region of the Delaware Basin, only the 3rd sand is of interest to most operators in the southern area. “Hot Spots” include: 1) the state line's Culberson and Eddy counties 2) central Eddy and Lea counties, and 3) west Texas's Ward County.
Figure 2: Production vs Time in the Delaware Basin colored by reservoir. You can see the Bone Spring formation (in brown) is the most contributing reservoir. Source: DI Analytics in Spotfire
The Wolfcamp formation is present throughout the entire Greater Permian Basin. While the more mature lower Wolfcamp formation is gas prone, the oily upper Wolfcamp is the target of most operators. The hydrocarbon mix is fairly similar to the Bone Spring formation with 60% crude, 20% wet gas, and 20% dry gas. In the past, horizontal wells were dominant in the Delaware's Wolfcamp play in the north and commingled vertical wells were located in the southern area. However, there has recently been a rise in the amount of horizontal wells in the southern area pursuing the upper Wolfcamp. The hot area for this play is in the western portion of Ward County with other popular regions in the rest of Ward, Loving, and eastern Reeves County.
Figure 3: Well Count vs Time colored by wellbore type in the Delaware Basin. Notice the increase in the amount of horizontal wells. Source: DI Analytics in Spotfire
The Midland Basin
The Midland Basin, like the Delaware Basin, is a multi-stacked play with a long history of vertical exploration dating to the 1940s. Traditionally, the target zone for operators was primarily the Spraberry with only one frac stage. Technology advancements in increased drilling depth and the ability to complete multiple frac'ing stages have influenced operations to look further down to the Wolfcamp formation as well. Both the Spraberry and Wolfcamp formations are fairly consistent throughout the entire sub-basin and are the primary subject for production. This commingled zone is known as the WolfBerry play.
The Spraberry is ranked as one of the largest oil reserves in the US, but when first discovered in 1948, could not be economically produced if fractures in the formation were not present. However, in more recent years it was found that the reservoir was more naturally fractured than once thought and became the core for vertical wells drilled in the Midland Basin. With the new technology of hydraulic frac'ing to stimulate the oil migration of a once “too tight” play, production from the Spraberry has allowed operators to tap into the thick area of pay zones. The Texas Railroad Commission (RRC) recognized the Spraberry trend area as the highest producing Permian Basin oil field since 1993 with just less than 600,000,000 barrels of cumulative oil production (figure 4).
Figure 4: Cummulative Oil Production vs Field. You can see the Sprayberry formation is the largest contributer to the Permian Basin cummulative oil production. Source: Texas Railroad Commission
While the Spraberry was the first formation explored in the Midland Basin, the addition of the Wolfcamp formation, that forms the commingled WolfBerry, has made this play very popular. The thickness of the Spraberry was a major reason the area was so productive, but when you add on the thickness and consistency of the Wolfcamp as well, the possibility of horizontal development adds a large element in the interest of the Midland Basin. The southern portion of the sub-basin has played host to the majority of the horizontal drilling, although higher formation pressures in the central and northern region are driving the operations north.
Figure 5: Well Count vs Time colored by wellbore type in the Midland Basin. Notice the increase in the amount of horizontal wells. Source: DI Analytics in Spotfire
Conclusion
Nearly three quarters of the recent increase in crude oil production from the Permian Basin is from the Spraberry, Wolfcamp, and Bone Spring formations. Drilling activity in the basin had steadily risen until the end of 2014. The RRC reported more than doubling the drilling permits issued from 2005 to 2012 and a significant increase in a million barrels of crude oil produced (figure 6). Even now, when rig counts are at a low, the Permian Basin has more working rigs than any other region in the nation. This all leads to the conclusion that The Greater Permian Basin is the nation's most prolific oil producing area and will be for a while.
Figure 6: New drilling permits from 2005-2012 and Crude Oil Production from 2005-2012 Source: Texas Railroad Commission
The other day, the almighty General Security Service (Shabak, formerly Shin Bet) needed a new boss. It is a hugely important job, because no minister ever dares to contradict the advice of the Shabak chief in cabinet meetings.
There was an obvious candidate, known only as J. But at the last moment, the settlers' lobby was mobilized. As director of the “Jewish department,” J. had put some Jewish terrorists in prison. So his candidacy was rejected and Yoram Cohen, a kippah-wearing darling of the settlers, was appointed instead.
That happened last month. Just before that, the National Security Council also needed a new chief. Under pressure from the settlers, Gen. Yaakov Amidror, formerly the highest kippah-wearing officer in the army, a man of openly ultra-ultra nationalist views, got the job.
The deputy chief of staff of the army is a kippah-wearing officer dear to the settlers, a former head of Central Command, which includes the West Bank.
Some weeks ago, I wrote that the problem may not be the annexation of the West Bank by Israel, but the annexation of Israel by the West Bank settlers.
Some readers reacted with a chuckle. It looked like a humorous aside.
It was not.
The time has come to examine this process seriously: Is Israel falling victim to a hostile takeover by the settlers?
First of all, the term “settlers” itself must be examined.
Formally, there is no question. The settlers are Israelis living beyond the 1967 border, the Green Line. (“Green” in this case has no ideological connotation. This just happened to be the color chosen to distinguish the line on the maps.)
Numbers are inflated or deflated according to propaganda needs. But it can be assumed that there are about 300,000 settlers in the West Bank and an additional 200,000 or so in East Jerusalem. Israelis usually don't call the Jerusalemites “settlers,” putting them into a different category. But, of course, settlers they are.
But when we speak of Settlers in the political context, we speak of a much bigger community.
True, not all settlers are Settlers. Many people in the West Bank settlements went there without any ideological motive, just because they could build their dream villas for practically nothing, with a picturesque view of Arab minarets to boot. It is these the Settler Council chairman, Danny Dayan, meant, when, in a (recently leaked) secret conversation with a U.S. diplomat, he conceded that they could easily be persuaded to return to Israel if the money were right.
However, all these people have an interest in the status quo, and therefore will support the real Settlers in the political fight. As the Jewish proverb goes, if you start fulfilling a commandment for the wrong reasons, you will end up fulfilling it for the right ones.
But the camp of the “settlers” is much, much bigger.
The entire so-called “national religious” movement is in total support of the settlers, their ideology, and their aims. And no wonder—the settlement enterprise sprung from its loins.
This must be explained. The “national religious” were originally a tiny splinter of religious Jewry. The big Orthodox camp saw in Zionism an aberration and heinous sin. Since God had exiled the Jews from His land because of their sins, only He—through His Messiah—had the right to bring them back. The Zionists thus position themselves above God and prevent the coming of the Messiah. For the Orthodox, the Zionist idea of a secular Jewish “nation” still is an abomination.
However, a few religious Jews did join the nascent Zionist movement. They remained a curiosity. The Zionists held the Jewish religion in contempt, like everything else belonging to the Jewish Diaspora (galut—exile, a derogatory term in Zionist parlance). Children who (like myself) were brought up in Zionist schools in Palestine before the Holocaust were taught to look down with pity on people who were “still” religious.
This also colored our attitude toward the religious Zionists. The real work of building our future “Hebrew State” (we never spoke about a “Jewish State”) was done by socialist atheists. The kibbutzim and moshavim, communal and cooperative villages, as well as the “pioneer” youth movements, which were the foundation of the whole enterprise, were mostly Tolstoyan socialist, some of them even Marxist. The few that were religious were considered marginal.
At that time, in the '30s and '40s, few young people wore a kippah in public. I don't remember a single member of the Irgun, the clandestine military (“terrorist”) organization to which I belonged, wearing a kippah—though there were quite a number of religious members. They preferred a less conspicuous cap or beret.
The national-religious party (originally called Mizrahi—Eastern) played a minor role in Zionist politics. It was decidedly moderate in national affairs. In the historic confrontations between the “activist” David Ben-Gurion and the “moderate” Moshe Sharett in the '50s, they almost always sided with Sharett, driving Ben-Gurion up the wall.
Nobody paid much attention, however, to what was happening under the surface—in the national-religious youth movement, Bnei Akiva, and their Yeshivot. There, out of sight of the general public, a dangerous cocktail of ultra-nationalist Zionism and an aggressive tribal “messianic” religion was being brewed.
The astounding victory of the Israeli army in the 1967 Six-Day War, after three weeks of extreme anxiety, marked a turning point for this movement.
Here was everything they had dreamed of: a God-given miracle, the heartland of historical Eretz Israel (alias the West Bank) occupied, “The Temple Mount is in our hands!” as one general breathlessly reported.
As if somebody had drawn a cork, the national-religious youth movement escaped its bottle and became a national force. They created Gush Emunim (“Bloc of the Faithful”), the center of the dynamic settlement enterprise in the newly “liberated territories.”
This must be well understood: for the national-religious camp, 1967 was also a moment of liberation within the Zionist camp. As the Bible (Psalm 117) prophesied: “The stone the builders despised has become the cornerstone.” The despised national-religious youth movement and kibbutzim suddenly jumped to center stage.
While the old socialist kibbutz movement was dying of ideological exhaustion, its members becoming rich by selling agricultural land to real-estate sharks, the national religious sprang up in full ideological vigor, imbued with spiritual and national fervor, preaching a pagan Jewish creed of holy places, holy stones, and holy tombs, mixed with the conviction that the whole country belongs to the Jews and that “foreigners” (meaning the Palestinians, who have lived here for at least 1,300, if not 5,000 years) should be kicked out.
Most of today's Israelis were born or immigrated after 1967. The occupation state is the only reality they know. The settlers' creed looks to them like self-evident truth. Polls show a growing number of young Israelis for whom democracy and human rights are empty phrases. A Jewish state means a state that belongs to the Jews and to the Jews only; nobody else has any business to be here.
This climate has created a political scene dominated by a set of right-wing parties, from Avigdor Lieberman's racists to the outright fascist followers of the late Rabbi Meir Kahane—all of them totally subservient to the settlers.
If it is true that the U.S. Congress is controlled by the Israel lobby, then this lobby is controlled by the Israeli government, which is controlled by the settlers. (Like the joke about the dictator who said: The world is afraid of our country; the country is afraid of me; I am afraid of my wife; my wife is afraid of a mouse. So who rules the world?)
So the settlers can do whatever they want: build new settlements and enlarge existing ones, ignore the Supreme Court, give orders to the Knesset and the government, attack their “neighbors” whenever they like, kill Arab children who throw stones, uproot olive groves, burn mosques. And their power is growing by leaps and bounds.
The takeover of a civilized country by hardier border fighters is by no means extraordinary. On the contrary, it is a frequent historical phenomenon. The historian Arnold Toynbee provided a long list.
Germany was for a long time dominated by the Ostmark (“Eastern marches”), which became Austria. The culturally advanced German heartland fell under the sway of the more primitive but hardier Prussians, whose homeland was not a part of Germany at all. The Russian Empire was formed by Moscow, originally a primitive town on the fringes.
The rule seems to be that when the people of a civilized country become spoiled by culture and riches, a hardier, less pampered, and more primitive race on the fringes takes over, as Greece was taken over by the Romans, and Rome by the barbarians.
This can happen to us. But it needs not. Israeli secular democracy still has a lot of strength in it. The settlements can still be removed. (In a future article, I shall try to show how.) The religious Right can still be repulsed. The occupation, which is the mother of all evil, can still be terminated.
But for that we have to recognize the danger—and do something about it.
Read more by Uri Avnery
READER REPORT: Drug use: Reports are 'one-sided'
We've asked our readers to share their views on drug laws in New Zealand. This reader wonders why marijuana is illegal while tobacco and alcohol are taxed.
I have smoked marijuana on a daily basis since age 12 and I am now 44.
I smoke on average four joints a day if not more; I don't drink alcohol due to a low tolerance or smoke tobacco.
I have held many high positions in my working career that require excellent memory, and at no stage did anyone know I smoked.
Marijuana is a drug just like alcohol and tobacco, the only difference being, alcohol and tobacco is taxable and marijuana isn't.
Alcohol and tobacco have cost the taxpayers of New Zealand millions of dollars every year in healthcare, court proceedings, death and violence; what has the average marijuana smoker cost?
In 32 years of smoking I have yet to see a smoker 'lose it' as claimed by the media and others.
I am not saying it's not bad for people, what I am saying is it is no different a drug than alcohol and tobacco with the only real difference being tax, and therefore classed as a bad and evil drug.
I have also had to take high-powered prescription drugs for a heart defect that I was born with, these so-called government taxable drugs left me in a zombie state with no real want for life yet a puff on a joint does the exact same thing for the pain only I feel alive and wanting to achieve something in the day.
Comments
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) -- Serena Williams had nothing but love for the fans at Rod Laver Arena after winning her 19th Grand Slam title at the Australian Open on Saturday.
As she walked to the microphone to speak to the crowd, someone from the dark arena yelled, ''I love you, Serena.''
Williams didn't miss a beat: ''I love you back. I really do.''
''This crowd here in Australia is really good to me,'' she said later at her post-match news conference. ''I don't get that everywhere. I really feel my heart really is here.''
Williams also told the crowd about a television commercial she filmed this week to raise awareness about motor neuron disease (MND), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease. It's an ailment that affects the nerve cells controlling the muscles that enable people to move, speak, swallow and breathe.
She got a big cheer when she announced she was increasing her donation for the cause from 100 Australian dollars for every ace she hit in the tournament to $200.
The American led the women at the Australian Open with 88 aces. That's good for A$17,600, or US$13,675.
By Justin Bergman -- http://twitter.com/justinb3rgman
---
GRAF NEXT?: Serena Williams had barely caught her breath after winning the Australian Open when she was asked whether she was thinking about passing Steffi Graf on the all-time Open-era major winner list at 22.
Williams had been tied with tennis greats Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert with 18 major singles titles after winning her sixth U.S. Open in September. The Australian Open victory moved her to second place with 19.
''I would love to get to 22,'' Williams said. ''I mean, 19 was very difficult to get to. Took me 33 years to get here, so... I would love to get there.''
Navratilova and Evert were both in Melbourne to watch Williams move past them on the list. Navratilova handed Williams the trophy after the match, and Evert was among the commentators interviewing her on ESPN.
By Justin Bergman -- http://twitter.com/justinb3rgman
---
GET READY FOR THE COLD: As if losing to Serena Williams, again, wasn't bad enough. Next up for Maria Sharapova is a 30-hour flight to freezing Poland.
''Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it,'' Sharapova said with a laugh when a reporter asked if she still plans to fly to Krakow for the Fed Cup, where Poland plays Russia next weekend.
''I'm very much looking forward to the 30-hour flight taking to Krakow tomorrow,'' the 27-year-old Russian, sarcastically. ''A very convenient travel itinerary, too.''
After a few weeks in the Australian summer, the thought of winter in Poland isn't too appealing, apparently.
''It's like minus eight, so that's even better,'' Sharapova added, chuckling to herself. ''Love the climate, love the travel.''
By Jocelyn Gecker -- http://twitter.com/jgecker
---
SWAN SONG: British 15-year-old Katie Swan's first time at Rod Laver Arena came not as a spectator, but as a player on center court.
Swan, who lost the Australian Open junior girls final to Slovakia's Tereza Mihalikova on Saturday, was visiting Australia for the first time and didn't have time to watch any matches on the featured show court at Melbourne Park over the past two weeks.
After a tough 2 1/2-hour semifinal on Friday, Swan injured her right thigh early in the final while leading 3-0 in the second set. She then lost six of the next seven games in a 6-1, 6-4 defeat.
She was back at Rod Laver Arena in the evening to watch Serena Williams beat Maria Sharapova in the women's final.
In between, Swan, who lives in Wichita, Kansas, due to her father's work commitments, was receiving messages of support from afar.
''It's actually been crazy,'' Swan said. ''There have been so many people that sent me messages, tweeting, Facebook, Instagram. Everybody has been so supportive from my home in England and Wichita, it's been amazing.''
The experience left her with a few more followers on Twitter, and a tweet from injured British player Laura Robson, ''which made me feel real good,'' Swan said.
By Dennis Passa -- http://twitter.com/DennisPassa
---
Australian Open Scene follows tennis' Grand Slam tournament in Melbourne as seen by journalists from The Associated Press. It is updated throughout the day.
