Welcome to the hottest MILF phone sex line in the USA and Canada – no limits, no taboos and absolutely all access. Call these horny matures babes now for 100% live, anything goes mommy phone sex!
888-396-9642
Special promo rate – 15 minutes of all access live sex for $19.95! Plus $5 Free Trial for new callers!
If you are like most of us into mature babes, this is the phone number you gotta call. This is truly no limits, anything goes 100% live mature phone sex line with virtually no taboos! The only limitation is that all callers must be at least 18 years of age and that's about it! Nothing is off limits, nothing is forbidden – call now and see for yourself. We have a ton of available mature ladies available at any time ready for whatever you desire. And yes, new callers get free $5 to check the service! That it's only $1.69 per minute and there are zero other hidden fees or charges. These are no minimum number of minute you must prepay for like some other mommy phone sex lines make you to – here you talk as little or as much as you want. Talk 2 minutes, 5 minutes or 3 hours – completely up to you!
For a little taste here we have the short bios of 3 of our babes – Sonia, Mira and Stacy. As mentioned before – these babes are ready for anything and the mom phone sex is 100% all access! Any kink, any desire -just call and ask for it!
Mature Phone Sex with Sonia
MILF Sonia is the MILF-next-door kind of lady. She's the horny sexy mom we all want to bang really bad. Good news guys – Sonia is really horny all the time and ready for dirty calls practically at any time of the day (or night). Grab the phone and tell her exactly want you want to do to her, she'll listen and definitely oblige!
Sexy Mira is the type of lady you don't want to mess with. She is super strict and her specialty is spanking little bad boys. Are you one of them boys? Do you need to be spanked? Have you been naughty and need to be punished? Oh yes you do! So why not give Mira a call right now and get it done! Dial the mature phone sex hotline @ 888-396-9642 and ask for MILF Mira.
Mommy Phone Sex with Stacy
Stacey is the very definition of a soccer mom. Everything about her screams “I'm not in my 20's or 30's anymore but that doesn't mean I'm not horny all the time and want to be fucked hard! Look at my white shorts, they don't even cover half of my ass – why do you think I have them on? To tease you and everybody else of course! And after I get you all hard and horny I'll maybe, just maybe let you touch these big juicy boobs. Oh, I want you to touch them but I'll make you work for it, it's part of the game baby. I'll get you all worked up and when you're ready to explode mommy will take that big dick of yours and put it in her mouth, just the way you want it! Yes, I am a tease but I don't just play around, I fuck around!”.
Types of phone sex our mature babes are really good at:
Sissy boys Humiliation Cuckold Feet fetish Domination Submissive Strap-on Cock control and more!
In Conclusion – Who should call the hot moms?
How about everybody! Especially guys (and that's pretty much all guys!) who like the company and to talk to older, mature ladies. Let's get real here for a moment – who doesn't love a mommy? These babes are great – they are sexy, they are experienced and they definitely know how to make a guy happy. Yes, they've been “around the block” a few times and this gives them the knowledge and the skills to make you crazy and explode like you've never exploded before. The phone sex with a MILF is always super hot and satisfying – remember these babes have seen a thing or two and know what you want and how you want it! Don't get me wrong – young babes are fine too but nothing compares to the tender, deeper connection you can have with a mature lady.
So what are you waiting for ? Call now – the mature phone sex line is open and the ladies are ready for whatever you desire. There are a ton of MILFs available at any time, waiting to satisfy your every need!
888-396-9642
After a year when Jewish and African-American relations were strained by the Black Lives Matter's denunciation of Israel and other uncomfortable incidents, it's worth recalling a little-known episode that points to the kind of intergroup relations that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. worked so hard to foster.
In the autumn of 1946, Zionist activists known as the Bergson Group sponsored a Broadway play called “A Flag is Born,” which was authored by the Academy Award-winning screenwriter and playwright Ben Hecht. Starring a young Marlon Brando and Yiddish theater luminaries Paul Muni and Celia Adler, “Flag” depicted the plight of Holocaust survivors in post-war Europe, and the fight for Jewish independence in British Mandatory Palestine.
The London Evening Standard expressed horror that large audiences were flocking to what it called “the most virulent anti-British play ever staged in the United States.” American publications took a different view: Time called the play “colorful theater and biting propaganda,” while Life complimented its “wit and wisdom.”
After a successful 10-week run on Broadway, “Flag” was scheduled to be performed in various cities around the country, including the National Theater in Washington, DC. When the Bergson Group realized that the National barred African-Americans from attending, they quickly looked for an alternative venue.
Civil rights activists used a variety of tactics to oppose theater discrimination, from lawsuits to picket lines. In Charlotte, North Carolina, Jewish newspaper editor Harry Golden made headlines with his “Rent-a-Child” scheme, which ridiculed racist theaters by having white children accompany African-American women to the theater; the ladies were admitted on the assumption that they were the children's nannies.
“Flag” author Ben Hecht and 32 other playwrights then announced that they would not permit their works to be performed at theaters that barred African-Americans. The Washington engagement of “Flag” was rescheduled for the Maryland Theater in Baltimore, and a train car was secured to bring 18 US Senators and a number of foreign diplomats to Baltimore for the February 1947 event.
In making the switch from Washington to Baltimore, the Bergson Group struck an important symbolic blow against racial discrimination. But as it turned out, the controversy was not over.
The Maryland Theater didn't bar African-Americans, but it did restrict them to the balcony, which bigots nicknamed “n—-r heaven.” Alerted of this by local NAACP activists, the Bergson Group fashioned a kind of good cop-bad cop strategy. Just hours before the first curtain, Bergson officials informed the theater management that if they did not rescind the seating discrimination, the NAACP would picket the show with signs declaring, “There is No Difference Between Jim Crow in Maryland and Persecution [of Jews] in Palestine.” The Bergsonites also threatened to personally escort several African-Americans to the show as their guests, to be seated in the regular sections.
The pressure worked.
The Maryland Theater management agreed to recognize the Bergson Group as the “lessee of the theater.” That made the theater's ticket agents employees of the Bergson Group, and subject to whatever seating policy the activists chose to adopt. A dozen African-Americans attended the opening night performance on February 12, 1947 and “were seated indiscriminately, without untoward results,” the Baltimore Afro-American reported. February 12 is, fittingly, Abraham Lincoln's birthday.
Exuberant NAACP leaders hailed the “tradition-shattering victory” won by the alliance of black and Zionist activists against theater discrimination. The NAACP used that victory as potent ammunition in its battles to desegregate other Baltimore theaters in the years to follow.
“I am proud that it was my play which terminated one of the most disgraceful practices of our country's history,” a beaming Ben Hecht declared after the opening performance in Baltimore. “For the first time in the history of the State of Maryland, Negroes were permitted to attend the legitimate theatre without discrimination. I am proud that it was “A Flag is Born” that they attended without insult. Breaking down this vicious and indecent tradition in Maryland is worthy of the high purpose for which ‘Flag' was conceived and written. The incident is forceful testimony to the proposition that to fight discrimination and injustice to one group of human beings affords protection to every other group.”
Dr. Rafael Medoff is director of The David S. Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies, and author or editor of 16 books about Jewish history, Zionism, and the Holocaust.
The Houston Rockets have signed free agent wing James Anderson according to a report from Jonathan Feigen of the Houston Chronicle.
Anderson was selected by the San Antonio Spurs with the 20th overall selection of the 2010 NBA Draft, but was never able to find a consistent spot on the roster. In 87 games over the course of three seasons with San Antonio, Anderson averaged 3.7 points per game with the Spurs in just 11.3 minutes per contest.
After being waived in late December by the Spurs, Anderson signed with the Rio Grande Valley Vipers of the NBA D-League before being picked up by the Rockets a few weeks later. Anderson's deal will be for three years, with the first year guaranteed.
To make room for Anderson, the Rockets have waived veteran wing Daequan Cook. Cook played in 16 games with the Rockets this season, starting one and averaged 3.4 points per game.
WASHINGTON — President Trump's frustration at the investigations into his campaign's ties with Russia boiled over Sunday, as he sought to shift the focus to accusations against his 2016 rival, Hillary Clinton, a day before the special counsel inquiry will reportedly produce its first indictment in the case.
In a series of midmorning Twitter posts, Trump said Republicans are now pushing back against the Russia allegations by looking into Clinton.
Never seen such Republican ANGER & UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the 33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017
..."collusion," which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 29, 2017
The president, who has often expressed anger that his allies were not doing more to protect him from the Russia inquiries, made it clear he believed that Clinton should be pursued more forcefully, writing, “Do something!”
Advertisement
He did not specify who should take such action, though critics have accused him of trying to improperly sway the inquiries.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“Never seen such Republican anger and unity as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made fake dossier (now $12,000,000?), the uranium to Russia deal, the 33,000 plus deleted e-mails, the Comey fix, and so much more,” Trump wrote. “Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia ‘collusion,' which doesn't exist.”
Trump was apparently referring in his tweets to revelations last week that Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee had paid for research that was included in a salacious dossier made public in January by BuzzFeed. The dossier contained claims about connections between Trump, his associates, and Russia.
The president was also reviving unproved allegations that Clinton was part of a quid pro quo in which the Clinton Foundation received donations in exchange for her support as secretary of state for a business deal that gave Russia control over a large share of uranium production in the United States.
And he was returning to questions about Clinton's use of a private e-mail server and how then-FBI Director James Comey handled an investigation into the matter, which was closed with no charges being filed.
Advertisement
Trump initially cited the e-mail case as a reason for firing Comey before conceding that it was because of the Russia inquiry.
The president's Twitter fusillade came as he and his advisers braced for the first public action by Robert S. Mueller III, the special prosecutor named after Comey's ouster to investigate Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
As part of his inquiry, Mueller is believed to be examining whether there was collusion between Trump's campaign and Moscow and whether the president obstructed justice when he fired Comey.
CNN reported Friday that a federal grand jury in Washington had approved the first charges in Mueller's investigation and that plans had been made for anyone charged to be taken into custody as early as Monday. CNN said the target of the charges was unclear. The New York Times has not confirmed that charges have been approved.
Multiple congressional committees have undertaken their own investigations into Russian meddling in the elections, following up on the conclusion of US intelligence agencies that Moscow sought to sway the contest in favor of Trump — an idea that he has frequently dismissed as a hoax.
Advertisement
“The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) witch hunt for evil politics, but the R's are now fighting back like never before,” Trump wrote Sunday on Twitter. “There is so much guilt by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out.”
Speaking on NBC's “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio, said the president had been “too defensive” about
Mueller's inquiry. “We ought to instead focus on the outrage that the Russians meddled in our elections,” said Portman, who serves on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Ty Cobb, the White House lawyer handling the response to the Russia investigation, said the president's tweets were “unrelated to the activities of the special counsel, with whom he continues to cooperate.”
The tweets came days after House Republicans announced that they were opening new investigations into two of Trump's most frequently cited grievances: the Obama Justice Department's investigation of Clinton's e-mails and the uranium deal.
Trump is working to fuel those inquiries. The White House acknowledged Friday that the president had urged the Justice Department to lift a gag order on an informant in an investigation into Russia's attempts to gain a foothold in the US uranium industry during the Obama administration.
Critics called the move improper presidential interference in a federal criminal inquiry, but Trump's advisers said he was merely encouraging transparency.
In recent days, Trump has suggested that he believes the questions he has been raising about Clinton's conduct should put to rest any allegations about his own actions and end the scrutiny of Russia's meddling in the election.
“This was the Democrats coming up with an excuse for losing an election,” Trump told reporters last week. “They lost it by a lot. They didn't know what to say, so they made up the whole Russia hoax.
“Now it's turning out that the hoax has turned around, and you look at what's happened with Russia, and you look at the uranium deal, and you look at the fake dossier,'' Trump added. “So that's all turned around.”
In a final tweet on the subject of Russian influence, Trump suggested that reemergence of the topic in the news is no accident. ‘‘All of this ‘Russia' talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic tax cuts and reform. Is this coincidental? Not!''
Trump and GOP leaders have described the bill as a once-in-a-generation rewrite of the federal tax code, one they say will stimulate the economy, create millions of jobs, and give voters a reason to stick with the Republicans in next year's midterm elections. Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, is scheduled to reveal the House version of the bill on Wednesday.
Senator Susan Collins, a Republican of Maine who serves on the Intelligence Committee, said on CBS's “Face the Nation” on Sunday that while she had seen “lots of evidence that the Russians were very active in trying to influence the elections,” she had yet to encounter “any definitive evidence of collusion” with Trump associates.
Collins said the committee should further question John Podesta and Debbie Wasserman Schultz after disclosures last week that the Clinton campaign and DNC helped fund research that ended up in the dossier against Trump.
Collins said that ‘‘it's difficult to imagine'' that Podesta didn't know about the funding. Podesta, who was chairman of Clinton's campaign, and Wasserman Schultz, then-DNC chairwoman, have told con-gressional investigators they did not know of any payments.
Newsroom Home Astronomy
Biomedical Optics & Medical Imaging
Defense & Security
Electronic Imaging & Signal Processing
Illumination & Displays
Lasers & Sources
Micro/Nano Lithography
Nanotechnology
Optical Design & Engineering
Optoelectronics & Communications
Remote Sensing
Sensing & Measurement
Solar & Alternative Energy
Sign up for Newsroom E-Alerts
Information for: Advertisers
Solar & Alternative Energy Quantum dot photosensitizers as a new paradigm for photochemical activation Interfacial triplet-triplet energy transfer is used to significantly extend the exciton lifetime of cadmium selenide nanocrystals in an experimental demonstration of their molecular-like photochemistry. 25 July 2016, SPIE Newsroom. DOI: 10.1117/2.1201607.006592 Photosensitizers are an essential component of solar energy conversion processes, in which they are used to generate the highly reactive excited states that enable energy conversion (e.g., photochemical upconversion).1, 2 Typically, molecular triplet photosensitizers are used for such applications, but to improve the solar energy conversion process, the identification and preparation of next-generation triplet photosensitizers is required. However, the design of such photosensitizers—suitable for solar energy conversion and photocatalytic applications—remains a challenge.3 Semiconductor nanocrystals are stable light-emitting materials that can be systematically tuned to produce intense absorptions and photoluminescence. Futhermore, semiconductor nanocrystals offer several advantages over molecular photosensitizers, e.g., simple preparative synthesis, photochemical stability, size-tunable electronic and photophysical properties, high molar extinction coefficients, and trivial post-synthetic functionalization. Moreover, the inherently large, energy-consuming singlet-triplet gaps that are characteristic of molecular sensitizers can be avoided with the use of semiconductor nanocrystals that feature closely spaced excited-state energy levels.4 The characteristic broadband light absorption properties of these materials can be extended into the near-IR and can thus potentially be exploited for numerous triplet excited-state reactions, such as photoredox catalysis, singlet oxygen generation, photochemical upconversion, and excited state electron transfer. In this work,5 we have investigated the possibility of using quantum dots as effective alternatives to molecular triplet photosensitizers. With our experiments, we show definitively that triplet energy transfer proceeds rapidly and efficiently from energized semiconductor nanocrystals to surface-anchored molecular acceptors. In particular, we find that cadmium selenide (CdSe) quantum dots can serve as effective surrogates for molecular triplet sensitizers and can easily transfer their triplet excitons to organic acceptors (see Figure 1). These semiconductor nanomaterials are thus highly suited to energy-conversion applications.
Figure 1. Artistic illustration of quantum dot-to-molecule triplet energy transfer and example subsequent reactions. The nanoparticle-to-solution triplet exciton transfer methodology we used in our experiments is shown in Figure 2. Quantum dots are typically capped with a ligand shell, and in our experiments we used oleic acid (OA) to ensure solubility of the dots (while also preventing inter-particle aggregation). This ligand periphery also serves as an insulating layer that prevents collisional quenching with the freely diffusing molecules in the solution. As a consequence, bimolecular energy transfer cannot proceed in the solution within the approximately 30ns-lifetime of CdSe excitons. To circumvent this limitation, we modified the CdSe surfaces by replacing some of the native OA ligands with molecular triplet acceptors that bear a carboxylic acid moiety, e.g., 9-anthracene carboxylic acid (ACA). We then purified the resultant nanocrystals by successive preciptation/centrifugation washing cycles that provided the desired donor/acceptors (termed CdSe/ACA).
Figure 2. Schematic representation of the quantum dot-to-solution triplet energy transfer process. 2 ). Cl: Chlorine. Ph: Phenyl. PDT: Photodynamic therapy. Schematic representation of the quantum dot-to-solution triplet energy transfer process. 5 The associated energy (E) levels, as well as the various triplet-triplet energy transfer (TTET) and decay pathways investigated in this study are also depicted. Cadmium selenide (CdSe) nanocrystals—capped with oleic acid (OA)—are used as the light-absorbing triplet sensitizer, in conjunction with 9-anthracenecarboxylic acid (ACA) as the triplet acceptor. The long-lived ACA triplets enable exothermic triplet energy transfer to freely diffusing 2-chlorobisphenylethynylanthracene (CBPEA) and dioxygen (O). Cl: Chlorine. Ph: Phenyl. PDT: Photodynamic therapy. Since the energy transfer process in our experiments takes place at the molecule–nanoparticle interface (i.e., resembling an intramolecular process), the dynamics occur on ultrafast timescales. To monitor the photoinduced processes in these materials, we used femtosecond transient absorption spectroscopy to observe the excited-state dynamics following a 500nm laser pulse (100fs full width at half-maximum, 0.2μJ). We find—see Figure 3(a)—that direct triplet-triplet energy transfer (TTET) between the CdSe excited states and the surface-anchored molecular acceptors occurs within hundreds of picoseconds after the laser pulse (with an average rate constant of 2.0×109s−1) and with a nearly quantitative yield. Consequently, the CdSe photoluminescence was completely quenched, and the CdSe exciton ground-state recovery correlated with the molecular ACA triplet excited-state (3ACA*) signal growth (which occurred at a rate of 2.2×109s−1).
Figure 3. (a) Ultrafast differential transient absorption (TA) spectra of CdSe-OA quantum dots suspended in toluene. These spectra were obtained upon selective excitation of CdSe, with the use of a 500nm laser pulse. The inset shows the TA kinetics for the growth of the molecular ACA triplet excited state (3ACA*) at 441nm. ΔA: Change in absorbance. 〈k〉 TTET : Average TTET rate constant. (b) TA difference spectra (from a 1mJ laser pulse with 505nm excitation wavelength, 5–7ns full width at half-maximum) measured at selected delay times after the laser pulse for CdSe/ACA CBPEA in deaerated toluene (at concentrations of 5 and 6μM, respectively) at room temperature. The inset illustrates the triplet energy transfer reaction between 3ACA* and CBPEA. It shows TA decay kinetics at 430nm (red), as well as the rise and decay at 490nm (blue) along with their biexponential fits (solid and dashed lines, respectively). (a) Ultrafast differential transient absorption (TA) spectra of CdSe-OA quantum dots suspended in toluene. These spectra were obtained upon selective excitation of CdSe, with the use of a 500nm laser pulse. The inset shows the TA kinetics for the growth of the molecular ACA triplet excited state (ACA*) at 441nm. ΔA: Change in absorbance. 〈k〉: Average TTET rate constant. (b) TA difference spectra (from a 1mJ laser pulse with 505nm excitation wavelength, 5–7ns full width at half-maximum) measured at selected delay times after the laser pulse for CdSe/ACA CBPEA in deaerated toluene (at concentrations of 5 and 6μM, respectively) at room temperature. The inset illustrates the triplet energy transfer reaction betweenACA* and CBPEA. It shows TA decay kinetics at 430nm (red), as well as the rise and decay at 490nm (blue) along with their biexponential fits (solid and dashed lines, respectively). 5 The 3ACA* has an extremely long lifetime because of the strongly spin-forbidden nature of the T 1 # S 0 transition (i.e., between the lowest energy triplet excited state and the singlet ground state). Our results also show the decay of the 3ACA* excited states that formed on the CdSe surfaces had lifetimes on the order of milliseconds. This result represents a remarkable six-order-of-magnitude increase from the initial CdSe excited-state lifetime. Such a long excited-state lifetime is promising for numerous applications because it provides the opportunity for additional chemical reactivity within the bulk solution. As a proof of concept, we used a secondary freely diffusing molecular triplet acceptor—2-chlorobisphenylethynylanthracene (CBPEA)—in solution (toluene), to demonstrate the extraction of triplet energy from the CdSe surface. We observed—see Figure 3(b)—near-quantitative TTET between the 3ACA* and the triplet excited CPBEA (3CPBEA*) states, which can thus enable highly efficient triplet energy extraction from the initially prepared CdSe excitons. Our results also show that once the triplet exciton energy is transferred to the freely diffusing acceptors in a deoxygenated solution, they eventually undergo triplet-triplet annihilation. This leads to upconverted emission from the 1CBPEA* (at 490nm), with a lifetime of hundreds of microseconds, as shown in Figure 4(a). Moreover, in an aerated solution of CdSe/ACA we detected the characteristic photoluminescence (centered at 1277nm) of singlet oxygen (1O 2 ), which results from the quenching of 3ACA* by freely diffusing ground-state oxygen. In contrast—see Figure 4(b)—we observed no such signal when we used CdSe nanoparticles that were devoid of ACA ligands. This work therefore represents the first example of 1O 2 sensitization by semiconductor nanocrystals via a mechanism other than Förster energy transfer.
Figure 4. (a) Delayed fluorescence (DF) spectra of triplet-sensitized upconversion emission that occurred as a result of TTET from CdSe/ 3ACA* to CBPEA, followed by triplet-triplet annihilation. The inset shows the emission decay kinetics of the integrated delayed emission. (b) Near-IR singlet oxygen phosphorescence emission from CdSe-OA and CdSE-OA/ACA in aerated toluene (both at a concentration of 4μM), under 505nm excitation at room temperature. (a) Delayed fluorescence (DF) spectra of triplet-sensitized upconversion emission that occurred as a result of TTET from CdSe/ACA* to CBPEA, followed by triplet-triplet annihilation. The inset shows the emission decay kinetics of the integrated delayed emission. (b) Near-IR singlet oxygen phosphorescence emission from CdSe-OA and CdSE-OA/ACA in aerated toluene (both at a concentration of 4μM), under 505nm excitation at room temperature. 5 In summary, we have conducted proof-of-concept experiments in which we show that CdSe quantum dots are effective surrogates for more-ubiquitous molecular triplet photosensitizers in energy conversion processes. The high photostability, broad absorption spectra, and tunable optical properties of such quantum dots give rise to their superior properties. We have also demonstrated that the behavior of semiconductor quantum dots mimics the classical behavior of molecular triplets, and that triplet excitons in nanocrystals can be efficiently transferred to a bulk solution through successive (and nearly quantitative) triplet energy transfer steps. This photofunctionality may be exploited for numerous triplet excited-state reactions, including photoredox catalysis, singlet oxygen generation, photochemical upconversion, and excited-state electron transfer. Our current research activities include generalizing this approach across a range of semiconductor nanocrystalline materials, probing the ‘molecular' nature of these materials, and applying these long-lived excited states in a range of photoactivated chemistry. This work was supported by the US Air Force Office of Scientific Research (FA9550-13-1-0106) and the Ultrafast Initiative of the US Department of Energy, Office of Science, Office of Basic Energy Sciences, through Argonne National Laboratory (under contract DE-AC02-06CH11357). Cédric Mongin, Sofia Garakyaraghi, Felix N. Castellano Department of Chemistry
North Carolina State University (NCSU) Raleigh, NC Cédric Mongin received his PhD in organic chemistry (on photoswitchable molecular cages) from the University of Bordeaux, France, in 2013. Since 2014 he has been a postdoctoral researcher in the Castellano research group at NCSU, where his research focuses on the exploitation of semiconductor quantum dots as promising triplet sensitizers. He will begin his independent career later this year, as a faculty member in chemistry at the École Normale Supérieure de Cachan, France. Sofia Garakyaraghi received her BS in chemistry (with a minor in mathematics) from the College of William and Mary in 2013. She is currently a PhD candidate under the guidance of Felix Castellano. She is studying the excited-state dynamics of various molecular- and nanocrystal-based systems with the use of ultrafast spectroscopy. Felix (Phil) Castellano earned a BA from Clark University in 1991 and a PhD from Johns Hopkins University in 1996 (both in chemistry). Following a National Institutes of Health postdoctoral fellowship at the University of Maryland's School of Medicine, he accepted a position as assistant professor at Bowling Green State University in 1998. He was promoted to associate professor in 2004, to professor in 2006, and was appointed director of the Center for Photochemical Sciences in 2011. In 2013 he moved his research program to NCSU, where he is currently a professor. He was appointed as a fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry in 2015. His current research focuses on metal-organic chromophore photophysics and energy transfer, photochemical upconversion phenomena, solar fuel photocatalysis, energy transduction at semiconductor/molecular interfaces, and excited-state electron transfer processes. Department of ChemistryNorth Carolina State University (NCSU) References: 1. T. N. Singh-Rachford, F. N. Castellano, Photon upconversion based on sensitized triplet–triplet annihilation, Coordination Chem. Rev. 254, p. 2560-2573, 2010. 2. T. F. Schulze, T. W. Schmidt, Photochemical upconversion: present status and prospects for its application to solar energy conversion, Energy Environ. Sci. 8, p. 103-125, 2015. 3. J. Zhao, W. Wu, J. Sun, S. Guo, Triplet photosensitizers: from molecular design to applications, Chem. Soc. Rev. 42, p. 5323-5351, 2013. 4. G. D. Scholes, Controlling the optical properties of inorganic nanoparticles, Adv. Funct. Mater. 18, p. 1157-1172, 2008. 5. C. Mongin, S. Garakyaraghi, N. Razgoniaeva, M. Zamkov, F. N. Castellano, Direct observation of triplet energy transfer from semiconductor nanocrystals, Science 351, p. 369-372, 2016.
Alternate Title: Somepony that I Used to Know
Well this episode was a lot of fun. It was great that they called on prior events from the show, even though they were miniscule by any standard, rather than create a new memory to play off of. The unresolved tale of Moondancer's party has finally been answered! And it was quite an answer, at that. Well written, well executed, great moments of drama and humor, it was just good. It's the quality of episode that I get up in the morning for.
I'm going to go ahead and nip the Twilight Sparkle parallel conversation here. Yes, using Twilight's design, recolored, is serviceable if not particularly creative. It gives the opportunity to explore a different path, visually, that Twilight might have wandered down. Yes, her color palette is similar to Sunset Shimmer, another Twilight parallel. I think this is more of a coincidence of the colors working well in contrast to Twilight's. Yellow and purple, baby, you can't go wrong. I think, as a stand alone design, Moondancer's is excellent, and does a good job of matching her posture, her character, and her voice. But maybe I just have a thing for thick necked sweaters and shirts.
[Copyright disclaimers]
Yesterday was a comprehensive disaster. Here in Minnesota, to add a local perspective, not only did the state go for Obama–no surprise there–but the Democrats recaptured both houses of the legislature, and voters defeated two ballot initiatives, one on gay marriage and one on voter ID. Similar losses were sustained across the nation, although there were a few bright spots here and there. So yesterday's defeat was not about a flawed presidential candidate or presidential campaign.
What lessons can we draw? To begin with, conventional political wisdom was upended in a number of ways. When a president runs for re-election, the campaign is a referendum on his performance; undecided voters break against the incumbent; it's the economy, stupid. These and other familiar maxims can be consigned to the dustbin.
But there is a much more important proposition that, I think, was proved false last night: that America is a center-right country. This belief is one that we conservatives have cherished for a long time, but as of today, I think we have to admit that it is false. America is a deeply divided country with a center-left plurality. This plurality includes a vast number of citizens who describe themselves as moderates, but whose views on the issues are identical or similar to those that have historically been deemed liberal.
Decades ago my father, the least cynical of men, quoted a political scientist who wrote that democracy will survive until people figure out that they can vote themselves money. That appears to be the point at which we have arrived. Put bluntly, the takers outnumber the makers. The polls in this election cycle diverged in a number of ways, but in one respect they were remarkably consistent: every poll I saw, including those that forecast an Obama victory, found that most people believed Mitt Romney would do a better job than Barack Obama on the economy. So with the economy the dominant issue in the campaign, why did that consensus not assure a Romney victory? Because a great many people live outside the real, competitive economy. Over 100 million receive means tested benefits from the federal government, many more from the states. And, of course, a great many more are public employees. To many millions of Americans, the economy is mostly an abstraction.
Then there is the fact that relatively few Americans actually pay for the government they consume. To a greater extent than any other developed nation, we rely on upper-income people to finance our federal government. When that is combined with the fact that around 40% of our federal spending isn't paid for at all–it is borrowed–it is small wonder that many self-interested voters are happy to vote themselves more government. Mitt Romney proclaimed that Barack Obama was the candidate of “free stuff,” and voters took him at his word.
The question is, can this vicious cycle ever be broken? Once we are governed by a majority that no longer believes in the America of the Founding, is there any path back to freedom and prosperity? The next four years will bring unprecedented levels of spending, borrowing and taxation. The national debt will rise to $20 trillion or more. When interest rates increase, as they inevitably must, interest costs will squeeze out other government spending. That might not be all bad, except that defense will go first. If Obama's second term turns into a disaster, fiscal or otherwise, voter revulsion may return the Republicans to power. But that doesn't mean that America will be saved.
To me, the most telling incident of the campaign season was a poll that found that among young Americans, socialism enjoys a higher favorability rating than free enterprise. How can this possibly be, given the catastrophic failure of socialism, and the corresponding success of free enterprise, throughout history? The answer is that conservatives have entirely lost control over the culture. The educational system, the entertainment industry, the news media and every cultural institution that comes to mind are all dedicated to turning out liberals. To an appalling degree, they have succeeded. Historical illiteracy is just one consequence. Unless conservatives somehow succeed in regaining parity or better in the culture, the drift toward statism will inevitably continue, even if Republicans win the occasional election.
This is not primarily the job of politicians, but politicians cannot escape it, either. I have been grumbling for a long time that Ronald Reagan was the last politician who made a real effort to teach the principles of conservatism to the American public. Since the 1980s, we have largely been coasting on his legacy. The prevailing assumption has been that America is a center-right country, and if Republican politicians run a good tactical campaign and get their voters to the polls, they will generally win. That strategy no longer works, and conservative politicians need to try much harder not just to appeal to conservative voters, but to help create new ones.
The stark question posed by the country's unmistakable drift to the left is, does America have a future? Can we once again become a beacon of freedom, or will talented young Americans be forced to look elsewhere for opportunity? Barack Obama's budget–the one that was too extreme to garner a single vote in either the House or the Senate–projects that in four years, we will have a $20 trillion debt. That debt will be paid off by a relatively small minority of our young people, the most productive. If you were in that category, and had to make a choice between staying in the United States and inheriting a debt that could well be $1 million or more, and starting fresh in another country, what would you do? And if you were an investor, where would you put your money? In the United States, where hopelessness reigns and where high unemployment and close to zero growth are now accepted as normal, or in a country with limited government and a dynamic, growing economy?
These are dark days, indeed.
It's Thanksgiving, which means there's plenty to be reflected on. It's no different in Big Ten football, but the things each program is grateful for change by location. So dive into the turkey and pumpkin pie, unloosen your belt, and kick back and enjoy this wonderful holiday by looking at what each team in the Big Ten is thankful for, and what they aren't so thankful for.
Illinois Fighting Illini:
What they're thankful for- The possibility of becoming bowl-eligible against Northwestern on Saturday.
What they're not so thankful for- Having more interim personnel within the school than an outsourced call-center.
Indiana Hoosiers:
What they're thankful for- Having a dynamic offense under Kevin Wilson that can score on almost anyone.
What they're not thankful for- Having a less-than dynamic defense that almost anyone can score on – ad nauseum.
Iowa Hawkeyes:
What they're thankful for- Making the Big Ten Championship game and having a legitimate shot at making the College Football Playoff.
What they're not thankful for- Hearing shouts of “Go Steelers” when traveling and wearing the team unis out in public.
Maryland Terrapins:
What they're thankful for- The extra money and exposure that comes from being a part of the Big Ten.
What they're not thankful for- Having to play the teams that come from being a part of the Big Ten.
Michigan Wolverines:
What they're thankful for- Having Jim Harbaugh as their shiny, new head coach.
What they're not thankful for- Selling out of khakis at the local Gap.
Michigan State Spartans:
What they're thankful for- Controlling their own destiny in the Big Ten and College Football Playoff.
What they're not thankful for- Big Ten ref's and their judgement calls in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Minnesota Golden Gophers:
What they're thankful for- Getting settled at the head coaching spot after removing the interim-tag next to Tracy Claeys name.
What they're not thankful for- Having to play close to December in a fairly new outdoor stadium in the bitter freakin' cold of the Twin Cities.
Nebraska Cornhuskers:
What they're thankful for- Turning things around this season and now having an opportunity to go bowling.
What they're not thankful for- Losing Tom Osbourne as a coach almost two decades ago. Things haven't been the same sense.
Northwestern Wildcats:
What they're thankful for- A head coach that has consistently raised the competitive level of the football team.
What they're not thankful for- The Stanford program that makes all other smart schools look mediocre on the football field.
Ohio State Buckeyes:
What they're thankful for- That whole national championship thingy a year ago.
What they're not thankful for- A sideways rain, a formidable foe, and player post-game quotes last week at home versus Michigan State.
Penn State Nittany Lions:
What they're thankful for- The lore, the tradition, the plane uniforms that say “We … Are.”
What they're not thankful for- Iowa and Wisconsin's Big Ten schedule. Why can't we …?
Purdue Boilermakers:
What they're thankful for- Churning out several quality quarterbacks over the course of their history.
What they're not thankful for- Churning out little else recently besides a pile of whale dung.
Rutgers Scarlet Knights:
What they're thankful for- Being the “Birthplace of College Football.”
What they're not thankful for- Academic scandals, injuries, results on the field … pretty much everything come to think of it.
Wisconsin Badgers:
What they're thankful for- Being one of the best programs in the Big Ten since Barry Alvarez arrived in Madison.
What they're not thankful for- Snowballs. Definitely snowballs.
*
Phil Harrison is a contributor to The Student Section. He is also a founder of Big10news.com and featured contributor to collegefootballews.com, talking10.com, and occasionally campusinsiders.com. You can follow him on Twitter @PhilHarrisonCFB or email him at pharrison28@gmail.com. If that doesn't work, you can find him in the doghouse at home.
Three girls will be nominated for bravery awards after they helped to evacuate a heavily pregnant woman and her young children from a burning unit block in Sydney's west.
Police said the girls, aged 12, 13 and 15, showed remarkable initiative and courage by alerting the woman who was still inside her unit in Blackett as the unit next door to hers went up in flames.
The girls - Tiarnna Bevege, her stepsister Brittany and their friend Jessica - were walking to a friend's place about 5pm on Tuesday when they saw thick smoke billowing from a unit on Popondetta Road.
"We have seen lots of black smoke, so we ran over to it and we have seen the lady's house on fire and there was a man that was already putting the lady's house out, and he yelled out to go get [the] kids in number two, so we ran to the house," Tiarnna told radio station 2UE.
Lost Spirits Distillery (Salinas; [831] 235-9400, http://www.lostspirits.net) makes whiskey on site and offers two 90-minute tours on Saturdays (by reservation only, $20 a person) ending with a slide show and tasting. You'll learn about peat and its importance in creating the beverage and how Lost Spirits is only one of two whiskey distilleries in the world using a wooden still, but that information becomes secondary to you after you hang out with co-owners Bryan Davis and Joanne Haruta, who leave visitors feeling as if they've made new friends. The two are highly knowledgeable and enthusiastic about their boutique single-malt house, but it's their willingness to let guests grab a bar stool and have a sample or three that makes the event feel more like a dinner party and less like a tour. Or maybe it's the 140-pound German shepherd named Goliath that poses for pictures and never says no to treats.
Before that, and outside of the West, there have been many intellectual structures for defining and arranging political positions. To take one example, the radical and egalitarian reform movements of the early and mid-19th century in the U.S.—such as abolitionism, feminism, and pacifism—were by and large evangelical Christian, and were radically individualist and anti-statist. I have in mind such figures as Lucretia Mott, Henry David Thoreau, and William Lloyd Garrison, who articulated perfectly coherent positions that cannot possibly be characterized as on the left or the right.
The most common way that the left-right spectrum is conceived—and the basic way it is characterized in the Pew survey—is as state against capital.* Democrats insist that government makes many positive contributions to our lives, while Republicans argue that it is a barrier to the prosperity created by free markets. On the outer ends we might pit Chairman Mao against Ayn Rand in a cage match of state communism against laissez-faire capitalism.
The basic set of distinctions on both sides rests on the idea that state and corporation, or political and economic power, can be pulled apart and set against each other. This is, I propose, obviously false, because hierarchies tend to coincide. Let's call that PHC, or Principle of Hierarchical Coincidence. A corollary of PHC is that resources flow toward political power, and political power flows toward resources; or, the power of state and of capital typically appear in conjunction and are mutually reinforcing.
I'd say it's obvious that PHC is true, and that everyone knows it to be true. A white-supremacist polity in which black people were wealthier than white people, for example, would be extremely surprising. It would be no less surprising if regulatory capture were not pervasive. You could keep trying to institute reforms to pull economic and political power apart, but this would be counter-productive, because when you beef up the state to control capital, you only succeed in making capital more monolithic, more concentrated, and more able to exercise a wider variety of powers. (Consider the relation of Goldman Sachs to the Treasury Department over the last several decades, or Halliburton and the Pentagon, or various communications and Internet concerns and NSA. The distinction between "public" and "private" is rather abstract in relation to the on-the-ground overlap.)
State and economy are merged in different permutations in Iran and Egypt, in China and Russia, in the U.S. and the E.U. We might say that the current Chinese state combines the most salient features of Maoism and corporate capitalism: It's all devoted to generating maximum cash and putting it on a barge—destination: the very top of the hierarchy. And yet it also attempts to bestride the earth with the iron boot of collectivist totalitarianism. Now, that appears incoherent if you are trapped in the spectrum. A conventional political scientist associates capitalism with John Locke and Adam Smith and democracy (“liberalism,” I suppose). On the other hand, since socialists reject free enterprise and propose grand redistributionist schemes, they require a big, powerful state. For a long time, people thought of the Chinese system as combining opposed or contradictory elements.
As French-led forces retake cities in northern Mali from Islamist rebels, some residents have allegedly faced reprisals by Malian soldiers. FRANCE 24 reports on the fate of one man who was beaten publicly in Diabaly for having a beard.
ADVERTISING Read more
His white beard turned red as the soldier's belt repeatedly lashed his head. Dressed in a long khaki-coloured tunic, traditional among the shepherds of northern Mali, the barefoot and terrified man tried to run away from his persecutor, but to no avail. Finally, other soldiers stepped in and convinced him to stop beating the elderly man.
Foreign reporters covering the Mali operation watched the violent scene play out in shock and horror. “No photos! Get away!” an army captain shouted, forcing the journalists to back away.
The scene unfolded last week in Diabaly, a city in central Mali that was reclaimed by French and Malian troops on January 21. The war against Islamist rebels has since moved north. A few days after the incident, FRANCE 24 returned to Diabaly to find the elderly victim.
His story belongs to an apparently growing list of ethnic reprisals on those suspected of having collaborated with the Salafist fighters that overran northern Mali last year, a situation that has cast a shadow over the much-hailed joint French-African effort to rout al Qaeda in the troubled country.
Guilty of having a beard
Sitting on his porch, Aldjoumati Traoré appeared to take quiet pride in surviving the soldier's attack. A dozen pink bandages concealed the wounds around his head, but Traoré displayed them as if they were badges of honour. “It is God who saved me,” he said recalling the incident.
“I had just left a friend's house and was walking on the main road when a soldier asked me for identification. But when I showed my papers he lunged at me. He said that I was a terrorist and he was going to kill me,” he added.
After snatching the 70-year-old cattle herder's walking stick, the soldier began the brutal assault.
“He thought I was a rebel Islamist because my skin is a little lighter than average and because of my beard,” Traoré explained while running his fingers through his goatee – the modest facial hair he decided to keep after the assault. “The soldier was clearly not from around here. I have been living in Diabaly for 40 years, everyone knows me.”
Saved
While Traoré thanked heaven for surviving the beating, his family said he owed his life to his courageous son-in-law, Salifou Bouare. In Diabaly, Bouare is known as the local wedding photographer. He happened to be nearby that day, camera in hand, when he heard his father-in-law's cries for help.
“When I got there the situation was very tense. The soldier was yelling and threatening a white journalist that had told him to stop. I approached the soldier and said, ‘boss, please, he's my father-in-law',” Bouare remembered.
The soldier noticed his camera and moved quickly to confiscate it. “That's when my father-in-law made a run for the barracks, where other soldiers calmed him down,” Bouare said. “I am sure that if he had a gun he would have used it on my stepfather. [The soldier] reeked of alcohol.”
A worrying reality
An angry crowd quickly surrounded the military barracks. Realising the potential danger of the situation, the soldiers released the wounded man.
Traoré was rushed to a nearby mud-hut clinic, where male nurse Mady Dembele, attended to his cuts and bruises. “Despite his condition, he quickly regained his senses. It was the old man himself who begged the crowd to remain calm when some people began calling for vengeance,” Dembele recalled.
Anger was finally abated when a ranking military official and the mayor of Diabaly visited Traoré at the clinic to apologise. The elderly herdsman accepted their apologies, conceding that the attacker was not from the region and acted independently.
As the French-led military campaign blazes north across the vast territory and toward areas where the Malian army suffered humiliating defeats last year, the threat of ethnic reprisals, like the one in Diabaly and elsewhere, worries many observers.
6 SHARES Share Tweet
Watch Science Channel Live Stream Online
If you want to live stream Science Channel shows without cable, your cheapest option right now is through Philo for $16 per month.
Your subscription gets you 43 live channels like A&E, History, AMC, Travel Channel and Viceland. Philo has apps for Roku, Fire TV, Apple TV and Android TV devices, and you can sign up for a free trial that lasts a week.
In this quick how-to, I'll explain a few different ways you can get your favorite shows on the Science Channel. I'll also break down the levels of access to Science Channel shows if you subscribe to platforms like Hulu, Sling TV, DirecTV Now or PlayStation Vue.
Science Channel is all about educating kids and adults alike about cutting edge technology. The shows help us understand how chemistry, physics and engineering are applied in the real world.
“How It's Made”, “Impossible Engineering”, “What on Earth” and “How the Universe Works” are among the network's most popular shows.
Sometimes you can find full episodes for free on the Science Channel website. Newer shows like “Deadly Intelligence” won't require you to log in with pay-TV credentials.
But most of the good stuff requires you to pay. Here's a breakdown of live TV services that offer a way to watch the Science Channel live without cable.
Sling TV: Watch Science Channel Live Stream
Your second cheapest option for getting the Science Channel without cable is through Sling TV. To get the Science Channel, you'll need to subscribe to an add-on channel bundle called “News Extra”.
No matter what you choose for your main channel package, a subscription will cost you $30 per month. That's still among your cheapest options without a cable subscription.
Sling TV has two main channel bundles called Sling Orange and Sling Blue. Sling Orange has 32 channels including ESPN, AMC and Disney Channel for $25 per month. Adding News Extra for another $5 per month will add 12 more channels to your lineup.
Sling Blue subscribers get 45 channels including FOX, NBC and HGTV for $25 per month. Adding News Extra for $5 per month gets you 15 more channels.
So Sling Blue is probably the better deal for most people. But you can look over the Sling TV channel lineup before deciding.
Either way, Sling TV offers a free 7-day trial. Sling TV has apps for Roku, Fire TV, Android TV devices, iPhones and just about anything with an internet connection.
PlayStation Vue: Watch Science Channel live online
PlayStation Vue offers a Science Channel live stream, and access to the Science Channel Go app. If you subscribe to the entry-level “Access” bundle, you will get 48+ live channels for $45 per month. Animal Planet, FS1, FX and Investigation Discovery are included.
PlayStation Vue has apps for Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Fire Stick, NVIDIA Shield TV and Apple TV. You can also watch Science Channel online by logging into your PlayStation Vue account on a web browser.
You can stream on up five different devices at once. So, you can watch the Science Channel live on a Fire TV in one room, and another channel on an Apple TV.
A PlayStation Vue subscription also allows you to sign in to the Science Channel Go app. So you can live stream Science Channel shows just from the app or watch on-demand content. PlayStation Vue offers a free trial for five days.
Philo: Live stream Science Channel without cable
Philo is the best option for live streaming Science Channel programs. It's also one of the newest and cheapest live TV streaming services out there. Philo offers a unique proposition. You'll get 43 live TV channels for $16 per month.
Aside from getting the Science Channel, you'll get to live stream Animal Planet, A&E, Comedy Central, HGTV, History, IFC, Discovery, Lifetime, MTV and Nickelodeon. Philo doesn't offer locals or sports. So it's really geared for cord cutters who want a selection of networks that used to only be available to cable or satellite TV subscribers.
For another $4, you'll get 13 more channels, including: American Heroes Channel, Cooking Channel, Destination America, Discovery Family and Discovery Life.
You get unlimited Cloud DVR with either channel bundle. There's an on-demand catalog of shows, too. When you mark a show to record, Philo will do it for the whole season automatically. Subscribers can have up to three simultaneous live streams at once.
You'll need a Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Android TV or iPhone to live stream Science Channel within the Philo app. Philo debuted its service in November, so the company is still working on expanding its device support.
If you already have an Apple TV, Fire TV or Xbox One, you can also use your Philo credentials to sign in to TV Everywhere apps for just about all your channels.
I wrote a review of Philo after subscribing for three months, and I still think it's one of the best live TV streaming platforms out there. It's definitely the least expensive way to get the Science Channel without cable. You can sign up for a free trial of Philo by using your mobile number. Look over Philo's channels or try them out free for a week.
Let's review a few more options to make sure all your questions are answered.
DirecTV Now: Science Channel Live Stream Online
DirecTV Now is among the more pricey options to watch the Science Channel without cable. Subscribers get 80+ channels with the “Just Right” bundle, including regional sports networks and local live channels like NBC in numerous markets around the U.S. Animal Planet, BBC America, Disney Channel, ESPN and FX are included in the Just Right channel bundle.
The Just Right bundle costs $55 per month. You can try out DirecTV Now free for a week.
Watch Science Channel for free (sort of)…
There are a select number of episodes that anyone can watch on the Science Channel website without a cable subscription. Go to the “Shows” section along the top menu and choose “View All Shows”.
Click on a show – any show – and look to the right of the episodes to see if there's a key logo.
If you see no key, then watch it for free.
You will quickly notice that you won't be able to watch a full season of shows like “What on Earth?” or “Outrageous Acts of Science” for free. By the way — just to avoid any confusion — the Science Channel Go website is no more. It has now been folded into www.sciencechannel.com in case you went looking for it.
How can I activate the Science Channel Go app?
You'll need to authenticate the Science Channel Go app with a cable subscription or a live TV streaming service like Philo or PlayStation Vue to unlock a full catalog of on-demand shows and the Science Channel live stream.
DirecTV Now has the Science Channel in its channel lineup, but doesn't support access to the Science Channel Go app.
App authentication is really useful for when you're on the road, too. Let's say you travel a lot, but bring along your Roku Streaming Stick so you can watch Netflix or Amazon Prime. With your Philo or PlayStation Vue subscription, you'll also be able to watch a live stream directly from the Science Channel app.
What do I need to stream Science Channel shows?
The Science Channel has apps for Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV and Fire Stick. The Science Channel app for Fire TV app was released in 2018.
If you own a NVIDIA Shield TV or Chromecast, you can cast the Science Channel app on an Android smartphone or iPhone to watch shows live or on-demand. You can also stream all episodes through your tablets, iOS devices like iPhones, PCs and Macs.
Is Science Channel shows on Hulu?
Yes. You don't get the full roster of shows currently on the Science Channel. But right now you can get episodes of “How It's Made”, “SurvivorMan” and “What on Earth?” You can try out Hulu free for a week, and watch some episodes.
When does a new episode get added to Science Channel Go after it's on TV?
New episodes are usually available the morning after they air on television. This isn't always the case, but most of the time it happens.
Does Hulu with Live TV or YouTube TV have the Science Channel?
No. Neither service have the Science Channel within its channel lineup at the moment.
Can I buy individual episodes from Science Channel shows?
If you're only interested in seeing one or two particular episodes of a particular show, Amazon Video lets you buy an episode or full season of some shows. Currently, there are five seasons of “How the Universe Works”.
What's the best way to live stream the Science Channel?
I recommend Philo because gives you more value for less money. For $16 per month, you can live stream the Science Channel either directly from the Philo app, or through the Science Channel app. Philo also has unlimited Cloud DVR, and allows up to three streams at once. You can also activate the Science Go Channel app with a Philo account. Try Philo free for a week.
My runner-up pick is Sling TV because it's still an inexpensive option at $32 per month. I'd suggest trying out the Sling Blue channel bundle free for a week because you'll get more channels compared to Sling Orange. Either way, you can try out Sling TV free for a week.
If you're serious about ditching cable, I suggest you skim Cord Cutting 2018: the definitive guide so you can quickly school yourself with how to get the best deal possible for an Internet subscription.
How do you live stream the Science Channel? Tell fellow readers in the comments below.
NOTE: This article was originally published on Feb. 21, 2017, and updated to add in the new Philo TV streaming service and new features related to the Science Channel app. All photographs, and content are property of The Cord Cutting Report.
Want to know what's happening next with cord cutting? I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( more information Get the latest cord cutting tips from yours truly, including cool product reviews and cord cutting news that you actually care about. I hate spam. Your email address will not be sold or shared with anyone else.
Related
Summary
And most of us in New England, at the eastern end of the Eastern Time Zone, will be unhappy. We're hit particularly hard by the November switch. It gets dark here earlier than anywhere in the time zone. The sun sets a full 50 minutes earlier in Boston than in Washington, D.C. But, at present, federal law says we're stuck with Standard Time.
At 2 a.m. on Sunday, Nov. 1, clocks will be set back an hour all over the U.S. except in Arizona and Hawaii, which don't use Daylight Saving Time (DST) at all.
The Uniform Time Act of 1966, as modified in 1986 and 2005, mandates that all states adopt Daylight Saving Time (DST) between the second Sunday in March and the first Sunday in November unless they vote to exempt themselves. There is no provision for staying on DST year-round, although it's obviously a popular idea since every change in the law has provided for more days of it. “In addition to the benefits of energy savings, fewer traffic fatalities, more recreation time and increased economic activity, Daylight Saving Time helps clear away the winter blues a little earlier,” Massachusetts U.S. Sen. Edward Markey, co-sponsor of both modifications, was quoted as saying in The Bangor Daily News.
Year-round DST was briefly implemented in 1974 in response to the oil embargo. The 2005 modification, which moved the end date for DST from October to November, was motivated partly by a desire for more daylight for trick-or-treaters. But no one seems to want to make the leap to allowing year-round DST permanently.
States at the western end of time zones are rightly concerned about their children going to school in the dark. For them, there's a provision for opting out of DST entirely, as Arizona and Hawaii did. Indiana, at the western border of the Eastern Time Zone, resisted DST for years, eventually giving up after some of its counties were allowed to move to Central Time. Michigan considered opting out this year.
Standard Time, in Massachusetts, means that children coming home from school at 4 p.m. can't play outside. Babies, who can't tell time, wake up with the sun an hour earlier. People leave work at 5 p.m. surrounded by darkness. If we commute by bicycle, a healthful and environmentally friendly habit, we're in greater danger after dark even in clear weather. And every year we let ourselves in for an extra hour of that each day. Life here doesn't start early enough in the morning to make a difference on the other end.
Standard Time has an especially adverse effect on people who have trouble driving after dark. Those who drive to and from work have to make difficult accommodations. And unless they're among the fortunate few who have access to public transportation after evening rush hours, they're excluded from evening social and educational activities, and trapped at home at the time of year when it's most depressing to be confined. An extra hour can make a big difference in their lives.
The feds, ironically, have been in the time business only since the Standard Time Act of 1918, which authorized the Interstate Commerce Commission to define time zones for Standard and Daylight Saving Time. Before that, the U.S. operated unofficially on time zones established in 1883 for the railroads, which wanted to stop westbound trains operating on Cleveland time from colliding with eastbound trains using Detroit time. The DST component of the 1918 law was repealed in 1919. Between then and the 1966 law, except during World War II when DST was implemented year-round for three years, individual states and even cities decided whether to observe it. So Standard Time isn't cast in concrete. Why not amend the statute one more time, allowing states to stay on DST?
SHARE THIS STORY:
The Department of Commerce is set to hand off the final vestiges of American control over the Internet to international authorities in less than two months, officials have confirmed.
EDITOR'S NOTE: Without a doubt of any kind, the invention and release of the Internet to the general public has been the single greatest economic advancement in human history. Barack Obama is willingly handing over American control of it to a faceless global entity which has a board that includes Russia and China. And why? Because that global corporation that will now run it does not have a Constitution which calls for Freedom of Speech for its citizens. That's why.
The department will finalize the transition effective October 1, Assistant Secretary Lawrence Strickling wrote on Tuesday, barring what he called “any significant impediment.”
The move means the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, which is responsible for interpreting numerical addresses on the Web to a readable language, will move from U.S. control to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, ICANN, a multi-stakeholder body that includes countries like China and Russia.
Obama talks about the “flaws” contained in our founding documents:
Critics of the move, most prominently Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz, have pointed out the agency could be used by totalitarian governments to shut down the Web around the globe, either in whole or in part.
Opponents similarly made the case that Congress has passed legislation to prohibit the federal government from using tax dollars to allow the transition, and pointed out that the feds are constitutionally prohibited from transferring federal property without approval from Congress. A coalition of 25 advocacy groups like Americans for Tax Reform, the Competitive Enterprise Institute, and Heritage Action sent a letter to Congress making those points last week.
While those issues could, in theory, lead to a legal challenge being filed in the days following the transfer, the administration has expressed a desire to finish it before the president leaves office, a position that Strickling reiterated.
“This multi-stakeholder model is the key reason why the Internet has grown and thrived as a dynamic platform for innovation, economic growth and free expression,” Strickling wrote. “We appreciate the hard work and dedication of all the stakeholders involved in this effort and look forward to their continuing engagement.” source
Explaining the evolutionary significance of the female orgasm has long been a conundrum for scientists. Why does the female orgasm exist if it is not necessary for reproduction to occur? Numerous theories abound, with some scientists arguing that contractions of the uterus could increase the odds of conception by drawing sperm further into the reproductive tract and others arguing that the female orgasm serves no purpose at all and is simply a “fantastic bonus” for women during sex. One of the more interesting theories I've heard is that the female orgasm promotes fidelity, such that when women are more sexually satisfied, they will be less likely to cheat. Along these same lines, it has also been argued that the female orgasm is a signal that heterosexual men use to determine their female partners' likelihood of staying faithful. The thought is that when men can tell that their female partner has been sexually satisfied, they will have more confidence that their partner will not cheat, thereby reducing the likelihood that she will become pregnant by some other guy. So is there anything to this idea? Do women's orgasms say anything about their actual or perceived probability of committing infidelity?
A new study published in the Archives of Sexual Behavior sought to test this idea [1]. They recruited a sample of 138 female and 121 male undergraduate college students who were currently involved in heterosexual romantic relationships. Female participants were asked about their orgasm frequency and intensity, and male participants were asked about their partners' orgasm frequency and intensity. All participants were also asked whether they had ever cheated on their partner and how likely they were to cheat in the future; they were also asked if their partner had ever cheated and how likely it is that their partner will cheat in the future.
Results revealed that women's reports of orgasm frequency and intensity were unrelated to whether they had ever cheated, as well as their likelihood of cheating in the future. In addition, men's perceptions of their partners' orgasm frequency and intensity were not associated with perceptions of their partner's past or future infidelity. Thus, it would not seem to be the case that women decide to cheat based upon how many orgasms they're having. Likewise, it doesn't seem to be the case that men make any kind of predictions about their partner's likelihood of staying faithful based upon whether their partner appears to be orgasming.
The researchers did find that female infidelity was related to faking orgasms. The more orgasms a woman had faked, the more likely she was to have cheated previously and the greater her likelihood of cheating again. In other words, fake orgasms say a lot more about a woman's odds of staying faithful than actual orgasms.
So if the female orgasm isn't a cue for women's fidelity, what is it? The authors of this study argue that although the female orgasm wasn't related to women's cheating behavior, it still has important relationship implications. For example, women who orgasmed more frequently reported that their male partners were more invested in the relationship. In addition, men were more satisfied with their relationship and were less likely to cheat themselves when their female partners were orgasming regularly. In other words, women's orgasms may not help women to stay faithful, but they may help their partners to stick around.
Want to learn more about The Psychology of Human Sexuality? Click here for a complete list of articles or like the Facebook page to get articles delivered to your newsfeed.
[1] Ellsworth, R. M., & Bailey, D. H. (in press). Human female orgasm as evolved signal: A test of two hypotheses. Archives of Sexual Behavior.
Image Source: iStockphoto.com
You Might Also Like:
Lawmakers want more details on the fake Twitter-like service that the US government launched in Cuba in hopes of spurring protest and heightening discontent among the country's youth. Rajiv Shah, head of the US Agency for International Development — which was behind the hushed effort — is scheduled to testify before the Senate Appropriations State Department and foreign operations subcommittee on Tuesday. He'll no doubt be peppered with questions about the ZunZuneo program, which the Associated Press revealed and detailed at length in a report Thursday.
With ZunZuneo, the Obama administration hoped to build a large social network that would allow Cubans to communicate freely and outside the country's severely restricted internet. The service ran for two years and attracted some 40,000 Cubans, all without anyone realizing that the US government was responsible for creating it. On Thursday, White House press secretary insisted that the mission wasn't "covert" — a careful distinction that means President Obama may not have been directly aware of ZunZuneo's existence. "I am not aware of individuals here in the White House who were involved," Carney said. Instead, he used the word "discreet" to explain ZunZuneo's secretive nature — "not because it is an intelligence program, but to protect individuals." According to Carney, the program was "debated in Congress" and reviewed by the Government Accountability Office, which apparently "found it was in accordance with US law."
But lawmakers are refuting the idea that they had full knowledge of ZunZuneo. "We were notified in the most oblique way, that nobody could understand it," Senator Patrick Leahy told the AP. Leahy plans to ask Shah why Congress wasn't "specifically" informed about a program funded by taxpayer dollars. He also has another question: "whose bright idea was this anyway?"
It's not yet clear how many lawmakers actually knew about ZunZuneo or whether they were truly misled. They could simply be trying to avoid a direct connection now that the AP has revealed the full scope of a mission built on front companies and offshore bank accounts. Not everyone is livid about ZunZuneo, however. Senator Bob Mendez, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said "the whole purpose of our democracy programs, whether it be in Cuba or other parts of the world, is in part to create a free flow of information in closed societies."
Florida Gators coach Jim McElwain didn't waste much time before he handed out his first scholarship offer and that the lucky prospect was Miami running back commit Mark Walton (5-10, 180, Miami, FL Booker T. Washington) who received the news on Monday.
“Coach [Jim] McElwain offered me on Monday morning, he said I was the first guy he offered, Walton said. “Coach T-Rob was down at my school and he said that the new coaching staff watched my film and my highlights and that they liked my film and that's why they offered me.”
Walton, who just moved into the Class of 2015 and has been on the Gators radar for sometime, was surprised to finally receive the offer from the Gators.
“It feels good to know that they new coach wanted to offer me so soon,” Walton said. “Florida was one of the offers that I really wanted so it's a special one. Coach McElwain said that he's going to come down soon to meet with me so that we can get to know each other.”
Right after Walton received the news from McElwain the Gators defensive backs coach Travaris Robinson spoke to Walton and told him McElwain's history with running backs.
“Coach T-Rob has been watching me for a long time and he has been pushing for me to get that offer from Florida,” Walton said. “He said that he wasn't going to pressure me but that I should watch some film on Colorado State and some old film on Alabama to see how Coach McElwain uses his running backs.”
Walton heard that message from Robinson but he had already done his homework on McElwain and he was impressed with some of the guys he has coached in the past.
“I did some research on Coach McElwain and I know that he coached Mark Ingram and Trent Richardson,” Walton said. “I know he uses his running backs a lot and he has a track record of developing running backs and getting them into the league.”
The Gators may have a good coach but getting Walton away from Miami will be tough. However, the door isn't shut according to Walton.
“I'm solid to Miami but my options are open and I'm looking at other schools,” Walton said. “Georgia, West Virginia, Florida and Louisville are all recruiting me pretty hard and Miami is too.”
In January McElwain will have his shot with Walton when the star running back comes to Gainesville for a visit.
“I'm definitely going to take an official up to Florida,” Walton said. “It will be sometime in January but I'm not sure of what date or anything like that. I also plan to take an official to Louisville and West Virginia.”
When Walton is in Gainesville for his official you can bet that quarterback Treon Harris will be my his side as the two are good friends and played together at Booker T. Washington high school.
“Me and Treon are real close and it would be awesome to play with him in college,” Walton said. “We played ball together for a long time and he's been telling me that Coach McElwain's offense is a lot like the offense we run at Booker T and that I should keep all of my options open.
INSIDERS TAKE: Walton has long been waiting for this Florida offer but he's very close to the staff at Miami and at the end of the day I think it will be tough for him to turn down the Canes but the Gators are preparing for a fight here. Walton is a back that you build your program around and that's something that Florida needs.
Wall Street: US markets rise in anticipation of Clinton win over Trump
Updated
US stocks made modest gains, rising for the second day in a row, as North Americans elect a new president with investors betting that Democratic Party contender Hillary Clinton will beat her Republican rival Donald Trump.
Markets at 8:30am (AEDT): ASX SPI 200 futures +0.5pc at 5,269
+0.5pc at 5,269 AUD: 77.77 US cents, 70.54 euro cents, 62.86 British pence, 81.70 Japanese yen, $NZ1.0494
77.77 US cents, 70.54 euro cents, 62.86 British pence, 81.70 Japanese yen, $NZ1.0494 US: Dow Jones +0.4pc at 18,332, S&P500 +0.38pc at 2,140, NASDAQ +0.53pc at 5,193
Dow Jones +0.4pc at 18,332, S&P500 +0.38pc at 2,140, NASDAQ +0.53pc at 5,193 Europe: FTSE +0.53pc at 6,843, DAX +0.24pc at 10,482, Eurostoxx50 +0.47pc at 3,023
FTSE +0.53pc at 6,843, DAX +0.24pc at 10,482, Eurostoxx50 +0.47pc at 3,023 Commodities: Brent oil -0.91pc at $US45.73/barrel, spot gold -0.46pc at $US1,1275.41/ounce, iron ore +$US1.00 at $US67.80/tonne
The volatility index, or VIX, which measures investor anxiety, rose at first before at one stage falling more than 4 per cent, having posted its biggest one-day plunge since late June on Monday.
Just before 8:30am (AEDT) it was down nearly 1 per cent.
The Mexican peso increased to a two-month high of 18.66 against the greenback ($US0.05438 per peso) on expectations of a Clinton win.
The peso is seen as a proxy for investor sentiment towards the US election and support for Donald Trump, whose policies are seen as negative for the Mexican economy because most of Mexico's trade is with the US.
Another barometer of support for Donald Trump, the iShares MSCI Mexico ETF - which tracks a broad based index of Mexican stocks, rose nearly 2 per cent to its highest level since August.
In a morning note, ANZ economists said investors seemed confident that Mrs Clinton would win the election.
"The glass is half full, with markets continuing to position for a Hillary Clinton victory," they wrote.
"Global equities are rallying, treasuries are higher, gold is down."
But they sounded a note of caution, with the shock of the Brexit vote in the UK still weighing on their minds.
"Regardless of the result today, the increasingly unpredictable nature of elections is sending an important message," they added.
"The global backdrop remains one of rising debt, slow growth, limited reform, a gulf between asset and wage inflation, and rapid technological change.
"The US is hugely divided, the path to 'healing' is not clear, and there is a wider global resentment vote thematic to appreciate."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average also ended higher after a weak start to trade.
Although rental car firm Hertz, saw its shares drop by half after the company reported weak quarterly earnings and cut its profit forecast for the financial year.
Hertz operates Hertz, Dollar and Thrifty rental car chains.
Hertz shares ended down 22 per cent to $US27.70.
Aussie dollar jumps ahead of US results
In Europe, markets also finished modestly higher.
The FTSE 100 rose half a per cent to 6,843.
The DAX in Germany and the CAC 40 in Paris also recorded modest increases.
AB Foods, the owner of discount retail chain Primark, posted better-than-expected results.
It said it expected to benefit from the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
AB Food shares rose nearly 6 per cent to 2,648 pence.
Iconic retailer Marks and Spencer announced plans to close 60 clothing stores in the UK, although it will open food stores instead.
On commodities markets, spot gold edged higher but then lost ground.
Oil prices were mixed as investors waited for the result of the US presidential election.
West Texas crude oil rose to $US44.91 but Brent crude fell after estimates of record output from major oil producers which are members of OPEC.
OPEC forecast that oil demand will increase over the next three years.
The cartel's producers meet at the end of the month to discuss a cut to production.
The Australian dollar surged against the greenback heading towards 78 US cents.
Today's agenda: Australia: Westpac/ MI consumer confidence - November (10:30am)
CBA AGM (10:30am)
Flight Centre AGM (10:00am)
Fortescue AGM (1:00pm)
Medibank Private AGM (10:00am)
Ramsay Healthcare AGM (10:00am)
Seven West Media AGM (1:00pm) China: Inflation, producer price index - October (12:30pm) US: Presidential election count (early exit polls around 11:00am, US media may "call" the election after 3:00pm)
Wholesale inventories - September (2:00am Thursday) UK: Trade balance - September (8:30pm) All times AEDT
All times AEDT
Topics: stockmarket, currency, futures, markets, us-elections, united-states, united-kingdom, european-union, australia
First posted
There's a crowd of people sitting around table 243, including a pair of judges. Things seem a bit tense, understandably so, as a few minutes ago, a little bit of sloppiness in communication lead to a huge disagreement about whether this creature attacked or not, and before you know it, an eight minute extension was issued after the judges finally sorted out what actually happened and got the match ready to go again. Which is a bit of an unfortunate coincidence, since this match also got deck checked this round, which was another seven minute extension (a fast deck check, really). We're finally entering extra turns now, though, and whether it's because it's an interesting match or because it's the last match going, either way there's a gaggle of people watching.
—
It's two minutes into the round, and a frantic and upset player runs up to the desk. He was already late to start with and trying to rush to his seat, so he's already under duress. The inevitable and universal first statement comes spilling out.
“I'm not on the pairings.”
Here we go again.
“We have you dropping last round, did you not mean to?”
“No, that got entered wrong.”
And now the usual ritual of finding the table number and pulling out the slip.
“This says you lost and dropped, what happened?”
“Oh.”
Depending on the person, some different variant of mumbling and bumbling around why they might sign something you didn't verify ensues. Three more minutes pass while we verify what happened with the opponent, and validate that no funny business was afoot.
Problem is, this player wasn't near the bottom of the standings, they were actually X-1, so they're in contention. Can't really just give them a bye, nor can we just match them against one of our lower ranked players because getting the matchups right is actually a tournament integrity issue. So now we have to issue what's called a cascade, in which we break a series of pairings and mix-and-match them to get valid pairings. This affects four tables this time, and it's already now seven minutes into the round, and by the time all is said and done, now we've got four tables of people who are starting to play a good twelve minutes into the round, with full time extensions (since for most of them, at least, it wasn't their fault).
—
“Player X and Player Y, please report to the main stage. Immediately.”
The immediately is an extra bit of urgency, since it's the third time we've called them, and theirs is the last match slip that we don't have, despite having triple-checked our stack of sorted slips for it and having sent multiple judges to verify that the table is actually empty. Eventually, perhaps we'll tack on the public shaming clause – “the entire tournament is waiting on you right now.” For now, though, we're still hoping they get the message and come up on their own.
Finally, one of them ambles up.
“Where's your result slip?”
“I brought it up.”
“Are you sure? Can you do us a favor and check your pockets?”
“Oh … uh … sorry,” and the inevitable sheepish crumpled up slip from the pocket. No matter how many people we tell that they need to bring their slips up right away when finished, this will always happen.
—
Little-known fact about DCI Reporter – it won't let you insert players mid-round, even if you intend to give them a bye or otherwise can perform one of the rational fixes that would be possible when a player is inadvertently left out of a tournament. In this case, it's a simple miscommunication by which a series of players with byes who were given free entry to the tournament (in exchange for doing some promotional work) weren't actually put into the system.
The round's actually over, and we have all the slips. But since the software wouldn't let us put those people into the tournament until the round was properly over, now we actually have to take the time to insert those players, and manually add their byes round-by-round (another fun software quirk) before we can get around to pairing the next round.
—
“Player X and Player Y, please report to the main stage. Immediately.”
The immediately is an extra bit of urgency, since it's the third time we've called them, and theirs is the last match slip … well, you get the idea.
Player Y walks up, and Arthur (the quite accomplished and upstanding judge – let this be a lesson that things happen to everyone and you have to stay vigilant!) asks, “we're missing your result slip, where is it?”
“Um, I handed it to you, remember?”
Arthur reaches into his pocket, and then prepares for public shaming.
—
It's been a few minutes now, and the judges are positive – there's nobody left playing on the floor. Certainly not the 20 matches of missing slips that the software is waiting on.
Is there an errant judge walking around with a pocket full of slips? While one judge starts circulating the word to do a pocket check, another follows the usual first step of going to the group of judges sorting the slips and checking whether they slipped through somewhere. And lo and behold, there they are. We might never know why – sometimes there's a stack set to the side for entering penalties that the scorekeeper accidentally forgets to enter the results for. Sometimes a judge gets confused and passes a stack of slips directly to the sorters rather than putting them in the box to process. Sometimes the sorters take from the wrong pile and end up with a stack of slips that hadn't been entered yet. Doesn't actually matter so much, the minutes are gone either way.
—
It's fifteen minutes after the round has completed, as evidenced by the timer slowly counting up in the corner of the room. Pretty long turnaround time between these two rounds, really. So … whose fault was it?
Perhaps you didn't receive a Batterskull at a recent Grand Prix (or perhaps you received more than one – I certainly hope you're ashamed of yourself …). Pretty obvious what happened … right?
Hopefully you're not as sure as you were a few minutes ago.
It's not enough to mean well. You have to get the science right.
I believe that Jim Carrey and Jenny McCarthy mean well. They think they are saving the world from greedy corporations, corrupt government, and arrogant doctors. In their minds they are enlightened saviors, leaders of a “green” army alerting the rest of us to the dangers of toxins and the malfeasance of those in charge. Yesterday they lead a “green our vaccines” rally in Washington DC to help save the world.
But it's not enough to mean well. Carrey and McCarthy get the science terribly, hopelessly, and tragically wrong. In fact, meaning well is part of what makes them dangerous. They display that toxic brew of arrogance and self-righteousness, combined with the power of celebrity to do real damage.
They are self-righteous because they think that only they and their group mean well. Like all conspiracy mongers, they readily and eagerly believe that the faceless “powers that be” are evil. They believe that doctors have abandoned (as Jenny McCarthy claimed in her speech at the rally) their oath to “do no harm.” They believe that people in government are so corrupt they will knowingly condemn millions of children to autism in order to avoid inconveniencing their buddies in “Big Pharma.” (Carrey also throws in the myth that restless leg syndrome is a made up diagnosis by Big Pharma – so I guess he only has to care about diseases that touch him personally, or does he think that all drug treatment is a conspiracy.)
They are arrogant because they believe that they know better than scientists – indeed than “science” itself. McCarthy warns us that science has been wrong before, as if that is some big insight. She wants us to trust her mommy instinct over hard evidence. Carrey predicts that the future will vindicate his claims and anyone who disagrees with him will be viewed as a flat-earther. He wants us to trust anecdotal hysteria over hard scientific evidence. In fact they are both perplexed as to why those evil scientists won't just accept their low grade bad evidence and why they insist on believing all that carefully collected scientific evidence. They just don't get it.
Meaning well does not excuse the harm they are doing. They lack the humility to consider that perhaps the science is complex and they better work harder to understand it, or at least understand why the scientific community disagrees with them (rather than just leaping to the self-serving conclusion that they must be smarter and more ethical than all those scientists). They lack the intellectual honesty or diligence to correct their egregious factual errors. They lack the wisdom to see that just assuming the other side is evil is a recipe for dangerous ideological extremism.
Jenny McCarthy has the gall to chastise doctors for failing their oath to do no harm. Meanwhile she and Jim Carrey have thrown that caution to the wind. They and their antivaccinationist buddies are doing demonstrable harm – as evidenced by the resurgence of vaccine-preventable diseases in recent years.
Others have done an excellent job at outlining all the factual errors in the “green vaccine” propaganda, but I want to highlight a few here.
Too Many Too Soon
This is the primary slogan of the rally; the phrase marchers are chanting as they move herd-like down the streets. They claim that children are getting too many vaccines too soon. Carrey, for example, harps on the point that 20 years ago children received 10 vaccines and now they get 36 in the routine schedule. He fails to note, however, that even though the number of vaccines have increased, the total number of antigens in those vaccines have decreased (due to improved vaccine technology). So children are getting less of an antigen challenge today than 20 years ago.
Also – there is no evidence nor any reason to believe that the vaccine schedule is unsafe or that the number or timing of vaccines is too great. This is just a convenient assumption. They throw out numbers as if they have some scientific or empirical meaning, but they don't. Where is the evidence that 20 vaccines is safer than 36, or that spreading them out more reduces any side effect?
There is evidence that delaying vaccines leaves children vulnerable to those diseases longer and increases the incidence of vaccine-preventable diseases. First do no harm.
It's The Toxins
It's easy to scare people with “toxins” – it's difficult to understand the research and that everything is a toxin – toxicity is all about dose and risk vs benefit. McCarthy loves to rattle off he lists of supposed toxins in vaccine. The problem is – she gets the science completely wrong. She says there is still mercury in childhood vaccines, but she is wrong, or at least grossly misleading. Mercury has been removed from the routine vaccine schedule – those 36 vaccines do not contain any significant mercury. Some versions of the flu vaccine still do, but these are optional.
How does she deal with this inconvenient fact? She refers to the fact that some of these vaccines still contain “trace” amounts of mercury – left over from the manufacturing process. These trace amounts are truly trace – an insignificant dose that no honest, thinking, and informed person could think is toxic. But don't confuse McCarthy with these facts. Instead she throws out the deliberately misleading propaganda that these trace amount are higher than the safe levels for drinking water. This is deliberately misleading – safe levels for a one-time dose is different than safe levels in drinking water which someone could consume large quantities of every day for years. If children were given 10 vaccines every day for years, she might have a point.
If the mercury in vaccines were linked to autism, as she amazingly still claims, then (as toxicity is all about dose) when the mercury-containing thimerosal was removed from vaccines by the end of 2001 (even if small amounts remained) this dramatic decrease in the dose should have been followed by an equally dramatic decrease in the supposed toxicity (autism) – but this decrease never happened. Autism rates have continued to climb without the slightest blip. Any honest person with the slightest understanding of science recognizes that his has killed the mercury hypothesis.
Mercury is the failed toxin of the anti-vaccine movement, so they have moved on to other toxins. McCarthy is still claiming that vaccines contain antifreeze and ether – they don't. This is simply a lie, probably based in extreme chemical scientific illiteracy. She has been called on this nonsense, but has not changed her tune. So add intellectual laziness vs dishonesty to her list of sins.
There's more, of course, mostly covered already by me and other science bloggers – but the nonsense never goes away. There is no autism epidemic -the increased diagnosis rates are caused by expanding diagnosis and increased surveillance. The Hannah Poling case was not an admission, as Carrey and McCarthy both claimed, by the government that vaccines can cause autism.
Conclusion
It is ironic that Carrey and McCarthy worry so much about toxins when they have drunk so deeply and carelessly of the toxin-laiden anti-vaccine Kool-Aid. They mean well, but in the self-righteous and arrogant way that witch burners meant well. They are inside the self-contained world of the conspiracy theorist – and just like the world of The Truman Show (actually a decent movie starring Jim Carrey) it's all fake, and there is no apparent way out. They are buried under a pile of ideological propaganda and they don't have the scientific chops to dig themselves out, nor the humility to listen to those who do.
Carrey and McCarthy would be just another couple of sad cranks, except their celebrity gives force to their delusions. They are now the poster children for the phrase – It's not enough to mean well. You have to get the science right.
This article is over 4 years old
ANU research shows proportion of Australian unemployed men aged between 25 and 54 has not changed in almost 15 years
Welfare-to-work programs promoted by successive governments have had no impact on unemployment as they fail to take into account the changing labour market, researchers have found.
The Australian National University (ANU) research, reported in the Australian on Friday, shows that the proportion of unemployed men aged between 25 and 54 has not changed in almost 15 years, staying at 9-10%.
Professor Peter McDonald from the ANU's Crawford school of public policy told ABC radio blue-collar jobs were disappearing.
“Full-time jobs for men under age 20 are almost all blue collar, but they're getting very, very scarce. If you don't have the skills in this new economy, you're in trouble,” McDonald said.
He said there was a “fundamental structural problem” for low-skilled workers in the labour market.
“I'm not suggesting that welfare-to-work programs are not a good idea ... but we need to be looking at the longer-term issue of intergenerational transfer of disadvantage ... kids who leave school, often their parents aren't working,” McDonald said.
Employment minister Eric Abetz said the program was just one strand of the government's jobs strategy, and that it was working to create more employment opportunities.
“I'd encourage anyone who wants to see the benefits of work for the dole to speak to the long-term unemployed who have turned their lives around courtesy of the skills provided by this program.
“We know that one of the main reasons employers don't employ the long-term unemployed people is often because of a lack of work history and work-readiness. The government's program both provides a reference for the jobseeker and helps to build work-like skills.”
The chief executive of Jobs Australia, David Thompson, said the government needed to shift the focus from welfare-to-work programs to reskilling the jobless.
“We need to invest not just in training, but also in work experience for these people,” Thompson said.
He said service providers were now unable to use government money to put people in training unless it was for a specific job.
“The government's got to get the economy firing so that there are jobs being created,” Thompson said. “We need to be looking at where opportunities will be for training and future employment opportunities.”
He said the idea that unemployed people were “bludgers” was “far, far from the truth” and that most jobless people were desperate to find work.
Maree O'Halloran, from the National Welfare Rights Network said the welfare-to-work program was “morally wrong [and] doesn't solve the unemployment problem”.
“[The program] is intended to have a shaming effect,” O'Halloran said. “It's designed to have stigma attached to being unemployed.”
She said there were five people looking for every job advertised, and the government should focus on job creation rather than welfare measures.
The Greens want welfare-to-work ditched.
“The new [social services] minister [Scott Morrison] should study the evidence and abandon this government's cruel approach and instead focus on investments in better employment services, skills development, case management, education, training and other programs … [That] would deliver far better results than an ideological commitment to work for the dole,” the Greens senator Rachel Siewert said.
The work-for-the-dole scheme was introduced in 1998 when Tony Abbott was minister for employment services. Labor scaled back the scheme when it took power in 2007, but never abandoned it.
In this year's budget, Abbott's first as prime minister, the program was expanded to include jobseekers up to the age of 50.
The government also introduced the Restart program, which gives employers a $10,000 inducement for hiring jobseekers over the age of 50. Senate documents revealed by Fairfax Media show that since July only 510 employers have taken up the scheme, which was projected to help about 32,000 a year.
Abetz told Fairfax the government “expects that take-up will increase as employers become aware of the program”.
A spokeswoman for the minister said the government never expected 32,000 to sign up straight away, but rather that the budget had allotted enough money to facilitate that number of participants.
She said hundreds of people had found jobs as a result of the scheme.
A similar inducement program offered under the Labor government, which gave employers $1,000 a year for hiring senior jobseekers, attracted only 230 applicants in its two years of operation.
“The Restart program has delivered triple the number of jobs in a quarter of the time compared to [opposition leader Bill] Shorten's failed attempts with his Jobs Bonus Scheme”, employment minister Eric Abetz said.
Labor said its programs focus on training and support for jobseekers. “Tony Abbott has no plans when it comes to creating jobs and getting people off welfare and into work,” shadow employment minister Julie Collins said.
It's been another good day at the office for GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump.
He won a seal of approval from Russian President Vladimir Putin, who told reporters in Moscow Thursday that the bellicose businessman is the “absolute leader in the presidential race” and a “very lively man, talented without doubt.”
The latest Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce University poll shows Trump still leading in New Hampshire with 26 percent of the likely GOP primary vote, with Senators Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie clustered behind him.
Related: Putin Would ‘Welcome' a Donald Trump Presidency
And despite more than a week of uproar over Trump's controversial call for barring all Muslims from the U.S. until authorities get a better handle on the threat of terrorist attacks, his national approval rating has inched up, with Democrats seemingly warming to him even while Republicans cool a little bit.
That last development is the most surprising and suggests that even as GOP establishment leaders are having conniptions over Trump's commanding lead in a crowded Republican field, Trump is the ultimate Teflon candidate virtually immune to controversy and attacks by his rivals.
A new Gallup poll shows that Trump's image among all Americans has trended up, not down, after he touched off an international uproar with his comments Dec. 7 proposing to bar all Muslims other than U.S. citizens from entering the country.
Former Florida governor Jeb Bush declared that the xenophobic Trump had come “unhinged,” while others said that Trump had sullied the reputation of the U.S. and harmed its relations with Middle Eastern countries vital in the war against ISIS and international terrorist activities.
Frank Newport, Gallup's editor-in-chief, wrote on Friday that “we can reject [the] hypothesis” that Trump took a serious hit as a result of his comments. And while Trump had a serious negative image compared to other GOP candidates before the controversy, his overall negative rating “became slightly less so after his pronouncement, rather than more so.”
Related: Brits Sign Petition to Ban Trump, Who Cameron Calls ‘Divisive and Stupid'
The numbers should be fair warning to his closest rivals in the Republican primary contest and Hillary Clinton that Trump's voter appeal may be broader than many assume.
During the two weeks leading up to Trump's call for blocking Muslims' entry to the U.S., Trump had a net favorable score among all adult Americans of negative 27 points. (That is based on a favorable rating of 32 percent and an unfavorable rating of 59 percent; taken together, it's a negative 27.)
But rather than his favorability rating dipping even more amid negative comments from leaders of both parties and the news media, Trump's rating improved slightly to a net minus 22 points, with 34 percent of Americans favorably inclined and 56 percent unfavorable.
Opinions of Donald Trump More
The dust-up over immigration and national security policy hasn't hurt Trump for the most part, either in subsequent polls or in last Tuesday night's GOP presidential debates, when Bush and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina were just about the only ones to directly chastise Trump for his comments.
Among Republicans and GOP-leaning independents, support for Trump does appear to have taken a slight hit, which suggests that some within the party were troubled by his intemperate remarks. But Democrats actually appear slightly more positive about the GOP frontrunner.
Story continues
SEOUL, April 18 (Korea Bizwire) – The Seoul Metropolitan Government will tap into the ‘design for good' concept in its attempt to bring about social change, in particular curbing increasingly pervasive school bullying.
After research into the factors behind school bullying, the city decided to launch what it calls “The Preventive Design to Build Violence-free School”, taking advantage of societal and physical design concepts.
The city government is expected to make use of different methods to achieve its objective, including setting up special speakers inside schools that will play messages in ‘positive language' — presumably to create a cordial atmosphere on school campuses.
Bright lights will be installed in some schools as well, as research has shown that they can help to create positive energy among students, and are known to boost emotions.
Pilot projects will be launched at Bae Myung Middle School in Songpa-gu and Janggok Elementary School in Seongbuk-gu, both located in Seoul.
Collecting feedback from both of these schools, the city government will introduce both a ‘universal preventive design for curbing school violence' and a customized version to this effect.
The customized version in this respect has already been implemented in Seoul. Chungam Middle School in Eunpyeong-gu, for example, reportedly showed a high level of verbal abuse among its students in 2014. School administrators implemented a ‘fix' in the form of a ‘design' program to purify language among youth, which was met with good results.
By Jerry M. Kim (jerrykim@koreabizwire.com)
Now that he has won an Oscar and achieved all that a man could conceivably achieve, Leonardo DiCaprio has turned his attention to the only thing more important than an Oscar: the planet Earth. He's already made his climate change documentary Before The Flood—a film that was screened at President Obama's South By South Lawn festival—but DiCaprio knows that a real issue can't just be solved with a hard-hitting documentary about how we're all going to die. An issue as serious as saving our planet needs a real hero, preferably one who can take pollution down to zero, has our powers magnified, and is fighting on the planet side. A hero like Captain Planet.
That's right, bad guys who like to loot and plunder. Leonardo DiCaprio is getting ready to make a Captain Planet movie, and he's going to beat the shit out of all you villains who have been harming the Earth. This comes from The Hollywood Reporter, which says that DiCaprio's Appian Way production company is in talks to pick up the rights to environmentally friendly ‘90s cartoon series Captain Planet And The Planeteers, with Scream Queens' Glen Powell possibly co-writing the script. Supposedly, the story would be set many years after the original show and center on a washed-up Captain Planet who now needs his old sidekicks more than they need him—presumably while some ecological disaster threatens the lives of everyone in the world.
FRANKFURT, Jan 11 (Reuters) - German wind park operator Prokon has warned that it may have to file for insolvency if it is unable to strike a deal with investors who bought its profit-participation certificates.
“If we do not succeed - together with you, our investors - to stabilise the liquidity position very quickly, we will likely be obliged to initiate a self-administered insolvency plan at the end of January,” Prokon said on its website on Saturday.
Prokon, which said it had lost 210 million euros ($287 million) as of October 2013, is urging about 75,000 investors holding certificates worth 1.4 billion euros not to cancel these securities.
Profit-participation certificates offer high coupon payments - at least six percent in Prokon's case - but also account for losses of a company. Unlike shares, the securities do not give holders any say in the company.
“We have to make clear that the harum-scarum cancellations are bringing us into distress,” the company said, adding that after repaying investors 130 million euros in 2013 it had received further cancellations worth 150 million due in January and February - a sum that it could not pay back on time.
German retail investor lobby group SdK on Saturday rejected widespread media characterisation of Prokon's business model as a Ponzi scheme.
SdK said the company's remaining assets would likely suffice to repay a large amount of the money owned to investors in a potential insolvency.
Prokon operates 50 wind parks in Germany and Poland and employs roughly 1300 staff. ($1 = 0.7314 euros) (Reporting by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Rendering of proposed Indy Eleven Stadium. (Photo: Star archive)
The Indiana House on Wednesday passed the Indy Eleven stadium bill, which moves to the Senate — apparently with a lukewarm reception from the chamber's leader.
By a vote of 74-21, lawmakers passed a financing structure for the $82 million, 18,500-seat stadium. It would be paid for with taxes generated by the facility and a hotel being developed by team owner Ersal Ozdemir.
At a news conference before the House vote, Senate President Pro Tempore David Long, R-Fort Wayne, said there are other priorities before the soccer stadium.
"I don't get too excited over it, but at the same time, I haven't delved into it too deeply this year," Long said of the stadium. "We're really focused on funding our priorities. Those have to come first. If the soccer stadium makes fiscal sense, we'll certainly consider it. … That's an additional issue that might have to wait ... and even then, I don't know where it would go."
The team pushed a stadium bill last year — before the team had played a single game — but it stalled in the Senate.
House Speaker Brian Bosma, R-Indianapolis, did not vote on the bill. He disclosed after Wednesday's vote that he had done legal work for the Indy Eleven and has remained neutral. That work involved trademarks and contract negotiations.
"I don't have an (ownership) interest in it," Bosma said. "Honestly, I'm just trying to set the example for others and felt it was appropriate for me to file a letter (with the House ethics committee) and be excused."
Among the remaining questions about the bill are how Ozdemir would guarantee half of the debt, a requirement added to the bill Tuesday. The issue of naming rights and where that money would go hasn't been mentioned publicly.
The bill's sponsor, Todd Huston, R-Fishers, said it's "enabling" legislation that would merely provide a framework for negotiation between the team and the city.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Huston noted that unlike Lucas Oil Stadium, no taxes would be raised to pay for the stadium and the state would have no part in issuing bonds.
But the team continues to say that if people don't go to the games or don't go to Ozdemir's hotel, they won't be paying for the stadium. Chase Downham, Indiana state director for Americans for Prosperity, sees it differently.
Downham said money spent at the stadium and Ozdemir's hotel could take money away from entities generating taxes for general city services. He said the projections "assume success" and taxpayers will end up paying if the plan fails.
Huston admitted being a skeptic last year and "not, frankly, a huge soccer fan." But he said there is demand and excitement for the stadium.
"Why is a guy from Hamilton County carrying a Marion County bill?" Huston said. "I always say I'm not a parochial guy. I obviously care about my district and my local community. But at the end of the day, our state is stronger with a stronger Indianapolis. ... My community is a beneficiary of a stronger Downtown area."
The only other lawmaker to speak was Rep. John Bartlett, D-Indianapolis, who opposed the bill.
"If Downtown Indianapolis is doing that great, let it support itself," Bartlett said. "We have outlying communities that really need our help, our assistance. I submit to you that a soccer field would not get it done."
Call Star reporter Mark Alesia at (317) 444-6311. Follow him on Twitter: @markalesia. Read his other stories.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1ER6ap7
The left's recipe for a happy, harmonious society has been simple: tribalism and greed are compulsory for all groups except Whites in general and White men in particular. Minorities must be worshiped, majorities demonized. This recipe has now blown up in their faces with the election of Donald J. Trump as forty-fifth president of the United States. American Whites have begun to recognize themselves as a tribe and vote accordingly.
Spoil and victory
“But Trump is a beast!” the left are wailing. Well, yes: you could say he's Nietzsche's schweifende blonde Bestie — the roaming blond beast, “avidly rampant for spoil and victory,” who strikes fear into the hearts of the civilized and effete. The Marxists and Frankfurt-Schoolers who wrote the left's recipe for society certainly seem to have made a close study of Nietzsche. They've then done the opposite of what he recommended, elevating the inferior over the superior, the diseased over the healthy, the parasitic over the productive.
To see the difference between a parasite and a producer, compare Barack Obama with Donald Trump. Obama has coasted on affirmative action throughout his entire life. He won the presidency because he had very powerful forces on his side. Trump won despite having the same powerful forces against him—indeed, the forces against Trump were more formidable as the White percentage of the electorate continues to decline. Trump has built things and succeeded in the tough world of business; Obama has been a part-time lawyer, a part-time “community organizer,” and a full-time narcissist. Trump is narcissistic too, but it's quite justified.
Eradicating the Irredeemable
A comparison of their wives tells about which man has healthier instincts and tastes. Melania Trump is intelligent, beautiful and happy. Michelle Obama is intellectually mediocre and full of resentment against White America (Feb. 18, 2008: “For the first time I am proud of America”). As for the fascinating Hillary Clinton: she reminds me of a Dalek, one of the power-crazed robotic salt-shakers in the children's TV series Dr Who. She has the same megalomaniac psychology and the same rasping voice. The Daleks are famous for their battle-cry of “Exterminate! Exterminate!” I think extermination was the logical subtext of these comments by Hillary:
You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic — you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. He has given voice to their websites that used to only have 11,000 people — now have 11 million. He tweets and retweets their offensive hateful mean-spirited rhetoric. Now, some of those folks — they are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America.
If these hate-filled folk are “irredeemable,” it follows logically that something must be done to stop them from poisoning the America to which they do not belong. I think that's why Hillary made that odd choice of words: “basket of deplorables.” A basket is where you put things to have control over them. For example, a gardener can put uprooted weeds in a basket before throwing them on a compost heap or burning them. That's why Hillary's comments remind me of Grigory Zinoviev‘s forthright condemnation of the irredeemable: “We must carry along with us ninety million out of the 100 million of Soviet Russia's inhabitants. As for the rest, we have nothing to say to them. They must be annihilated.”
Sisterly Solidarity
For the left, the trauma of that victory has been immense, not just in America, but right around the world. Hillary proclaimed that “Love Trumps Hate” and found out that a lot of people weren't inspired. Eve Ensler, author of the Vagina Monologues, also attempted to rally the troops with high-flown idealism:
Rise, sisters, rise. Defeat Donald Trump Dear women of America and men who love women, All week I have received emails, texts and calls from my sisters around the world. They were as diverse as you get — sisters in Congo fighting an epidemic of rape and brutality, and sisters in Iceland striking across the country protesting pay inequity. Sisters in Kenya fighting against genital cutting, and sisters in Iraq building safe houses as fast as women are being taken and enslaved. Again and again there was one panicked question: is it possible that Donald Trump could become president of the United States? … … This election will determine whether we stand against blatant misogyny, or whether we reward it. It is an election which has unleashed the subculture of sexual violence in America — and that could be our breakthrough, or our breakdown. … If we send Trump back to his gross phallic tower, we will be saying we want these horrifying woman-hating days to be over forever. Defeating him will give us ground to fight the last dirty gasp of the patriarchy which is built on a conviction that subordinated people must stay in their assigned place. (Rise, sisters, rise. Defeat Donald Trump, The Guardian, 5th November 2016)
It's interesting that although the left worship diversity, it appears that women aren't diverse at all. According to Ensler, they're a monolithic bloc all suffering under the lash of the patriarchy, whether they're being raped in the Congo, genitally mutilated in Kenya or paid less in Iceland or by the Clinton Foundation. White women have much more in common with Black and Brown women than they do with White men.
Shocking election results
Or so Ensler wants White women to think (and it's probably not irrelevant that she is Jewish, since her message fits well with the general thrust of activism by the organized Jewish community where White women are supposed to be part of the Rainbow Coalition of the left). Alas, her message failed: the sisterhood didn't rise in sufficient numbers to defeat Trump, proving once again that other interests trump the sisterhood as a voting bloc. In fact, 53% of them voted for him, prompting howls of anger and disbelief from the left. “Dear Fellow White Women: We F**ked This Up,” raged Sarah Ruiz-Grossman at the Huffington Post. “White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump!” wailed L.V. Anderson at Slate. She went on:
The shocking results of the election prove that most white women don't consider themselves part of the coalition of nonwhite, nonstraight, nonmale voters who were supposed to carry Clinton to a comfortable victory. Most white women still identify more with white men than they do with black women, Latina women, Muslim women, transwomen, and every other woman who will have good reason to fear for her physical safety under a Trump regime. And while it's nonwhite and queer women who have the most to lose under Trump, white women will have to live with the consequences of their own actions in a country without a right to abortion, without access to health insurance, without an adequate family leave policy, and with a head of state who values them only insofar as he wants to fuck them. (“White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump,”Slate, 9th November 2016)
Writing like that seems to justify the appallingly sexist origin of the word ‘hysteria', which comes from the Greek hysteron, meaning “womb.” Despite L.V. Anderson's wailing, there are very good reasons for White women to “identify more with white men than with black women, Latina women, Muslim women, [and] transwomen.” White men and White women have all kinds of shared interests: genetic, cultural and social. White men are far more likely to protect White women than to harm them. Although the left are constantly talking about “rape culture,” they identify it in entirely the wrong places: among White men and in White institutions. The most recent (and risible) example has been at the magazine Rolling Stone, where the Jewish journalist Sabrina Rubin Erdley promoted a goyophobic hoax about gang-rape on broken glass at the University of Virginia.
But rape-culture certainly flourishes among Blacks, Muslims and Hispanics. Donald Trump was correct to say that Mexico exports rapists to the United States. That's why he was condemned so hard for saying it. The left are not interested in reality, but in feeding their own narcissism. Their politics do not start with an attempt to understand how the world is, but with the settled conviction that their own hearts are pure and their motives noble. As C.S. Lewis pointed out, those who believe that virtue is on their side are capable of enormous cruelty and selfishness. The Clintons are notorious for seeking revenge on their enemies, even as they pursue money with all the decorum and ethical restraint of hungry piranhas. They're criminals who think of themselves as saints.
Jo's Principle
So are Tony Blair and many others in the British Labour party. The Labour council that covered up the Rotherham horrors was convinced of its own virtue. But the virtuous left don't have to be actively criminal to do great harm and encourage great foolishness. When the Labour M.P. Jo Cox was murdered before the EU Referendum, the Guardian issued this hagiography:
Jo Cox, however, was not just any MP doing her duty. She was also an MP who was driven by an ideal. … “Our communities have been deeply enhanced by immigration,” she insisted, “be it of Irish Catholics across the constituency or of Muslims from Gujarat in India or from Pakistan, principally from Kashmir. While we celebrate our diversity, what surprises me time and time again as I travel around the constituency is that we are far more united and have far more in common with each other than things that divide us.” What nobler vision can there be than that of a society where people can be comfortable in their difference? (The Guardian view on Jo Cox: an attack on humanity, idealism and democracy, The Guardian, 16th June 2016)
The Labour party has subsequently tried to apply Jo's Principle — “We have far more in common with each other than things that divide us” — to the feuding between the Corbynistas and the Blairites. Guess what? It hasn't worked, even among the liberals. Jo's Principle is in fact fatuous posturing devised by someone who preferred warm feelings to cold realism.
White Tribe Rising
And it didn't work. The verbal venom that has served Jews and their left-wing allies so well for so long is losing its efficacy. After encouraging tribalism in non-Whites for decades, they've now triggered it among Whites. As the New York Times Paul Krugman phrased it (with a great deal of exaggeration), Trump voters were motivated by “blood and soil, patriarchy, and racial hierarchy.” From the standpoint of the left, Trump's victory represents the triumph of hate when it's really a triumph of White people beginning to stand up for their interests. In a way Hillary was right when she said that the basket of Trump-supporting deplorables “are not America.” If they were Jewish, they'd feel right at home in Israel — a country that puts its own people first and builds massive walls to keep predatory Blacks and Muslims out.
Is that hate? No, it's rational self-interest. Israel would be harmed by the mass immigration of Blacks and Muslims, so it doesn't permit it. Meanwhile, Jewish Zionists like Barbara Lerner Spectre promote the same kind of immigration into White nations. That is hate: Spectre is not doing it because she thinks Whites will benefit.
We can be sure that Ms Spectre didn't like the election of Donald Trump. It demonstrates that Whites are beginning to think and act in their own interests, rather than against them. For Jews, that's hate. For Whites, it's rational self-interest.
First came Brexit, then the Blond Beast. The White Tribe is rising.
An intentionally set incendiary device planted at the base of a popular tree at the University of North Carolina recently exploded and sent a professor to hospital; meanwhile the arson suspect, a former student, faces six felony charges.
The device erupted Thursday at the Davie Poplar tree, planted when the university was first founded. The tree is located near a controversial Confederate statue that has been the subject of heated student protests in recent months.
Astronomy Professor Dan Reichart had been strolling along campus when the former Eagle Scout spotted a small fire burning at the base of the tree. As he attempted to stomp out the flames, the device exploded, propelling him backward and seriously burning his face and arms, according to news reports and video of the incident.
Reichart remains hospitalized, campus spokeswoman Jeni Cook told The College Fix on Monday.
“We do not know the motive nor do we know the type of explosive device that was used,” Cook also told The Fix.
Video courtesy of Dawn Goodfriend: pic.twitter.com/ef95QlqCEE — The Daily Tar Heel (@dailytarheel) November 2, 2017
An incident report provided to The College Fix states that the suspect is 24-year-old Joshua Daniel Edwards. He is a former student, Cook said.
He now faces six felony charges: malicious use of explosives to inflict injury, malicious use of explosives to damage property, assembling a weapon of mass destruction, setting fire to grass, assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious injury, and filing a false police report.
Edwards has yet to be formally charged, and because of that “there is no official arrest report or mug shot as yet,” Cook said.
WRAL reported Monday that “Edwards remains at UNC Hospitals, where he was taken after the Thursday afternoon incident to undergo a mental evaluation. He will be taken into custody upon his release.”
As for the incident, at first the fire at the base of the tree appeared small, according to videos, which may explain why Reichart tried to extinguish it.
“While Reichart originally thought his injuries were not considered serious, he actually lost 10-11 percent of his skin, mainly on his face, lower arms, and back of his hands,” reports ABC News.
Although an official motive is unclear at this time, a UNC alum suggested to The College Fix that the tree may have been targeted due to its proximity to the Confederate statue Silent Sam, which honors former students who left the university to fight in the Civil War.
The Confederate statue, located near the historic tree in the same quad, has been the target of heated student protests, so much so that even an undercover officer had been recently assigned to protect it in addition to regular police protection.
The UNC's website notes the significance of the Davie Poplar tree. It is known for its resilience and historical significance, “where, as legend has it, Revolutionary War General William R. Davie selected the site for the University.” It is located alongside monuments that recognize the college's foundation and defining moments.
Although damaged, the tree still stands and is expected to survive, according to news reports.
The Chronicle of Higher Education also reported Reichart remains optimistic despite recent events, and has gotten much support from his students and faculty members.
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
It is the day before Christmas Eve! Here at the Brew Review Crew, we have brought you 22 straight days of Christmas Beer action, and here today is day 23! Today we have 2XMAS from Southern Tier. ST is best known for their funtastic brews such as Pumpking and Choklat. In fact, Southern Tier was our very, very, very first review over a year ago! Read that one HERE
Here is what Southern Tier has to say about 2XMAS: “Swedish flags are a fairly common sight in our part of the country. Holiday parties often have warm concoctions of spices and booze at the ready to knock the ice off toes while raising spirits. We were inspired by a Glogg party, deciding on the sport to brew a beer that pays tribute to this Nordic tradition. 2XMAS Ale combines traditional brewing ingredients with figs, orange peels, cardamom, cinnamon, clove and ginger root. Its a holiday addition to the 2X line and another reason to toast to the season, but unlike Glogg, we recommend serving this one chilled.”
2XMAS is described as a doubly spiced ale brewed in the tradition of Swedish Glögg. Let's see how 2XMAS stacks up in the 25 Days of Beers and Cheers!
APPEARANCE:
Much like many of the beers on our 25 Days of Beers and Cheers series, 2XMAS pours a dark ruby cola red. To be more poetic, 2XMAS is an attractive chestnut hue with a red-orange undertone. 2XMAS has a tan medium-body head that quickly dissipates into the rest of the brew. 2XMAS is crystal clear and appears to be quite lovely.
AROMA:
Wow. Next to Hoppin Frog's Frosty Frog this may be the most aromatic Christmas beer in our series. 2XMAS is jammed packed with a multitude of aromas. Cinnamon punches you right in the nose and then a quick left hook of cardamom and a jab of orange peel. The aroma on 2XMAS is extremely accurate to the description of the beer, which is a hard thing for brewers to do consistently, it seems. 2XMAS is crazily spiced! 2XMAS gives you a similar experience to almost like sniffing a ground pile of cardamom, ginger, clove and cinnamon. This beer is about as spicy a Christmas Ale as we have had yet! Let's see how the flavor follows this outrageous aroma – I'd be lying if I said I wasn't just a little scared.
TASTE:
Weeeeird. 2XMAS is so spicy, it is eerily similar to spraying the back of your mouth with cologne or perfume. It is almost overwhelmingly sweet/spicy/harsh. The moutfeel to 2XMAS is sadly fairly thin and slick, and lacks the body to help with that overpowering flavor. Actually, as I am drinking this brew and writing this review, the harsh flavor is much more akin to taking the cinnamon challenge and failing horribly.
Initially on the flavor of 2XMAS, a burst of orange peel oil very briefly balances the almost dusty dry spice. But the somewhat watered-down/weak initial mouthfeel quickly gets dominated and destroyed by the harsh spices, which seem thrown in rather than mixed. Though Southern Tier cites the inclusion of figs in 2XMAS, I am sad to say that not one made its way into the flavor of 2XMAS. I have to be honest – this beer is not easy to drink. It is fairly laborious – not due to bad flavor – but due to the workout that is getting past those spices.
CONCLUSION:
Overall, I must give 2XMAS a 75, or a C/C-. 2XMAS is not bad, but it is hard to say that it is good, either. 2XMAS suffers from what so many other Christmas or Halloween brews suffer from; over-spicing. 2XMAS is nearly painful to drink as the spices are quite literally assaulting your taste buds and throat. If you want a spicy Christmas ale, this one is worth trying – as I can almost assure you that you won't find many more hazardously spiced brews than this. If you want a beer that tastes great and is easy to enjoy, look elsewhere.
Join us tomorrow, CHRISTMAS EVE for our December 24th edition of 25 Days of Beers and Cheers!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Early in the second set of 31-year-old Pablo Cuevas's three-set quarterfinal win over young phenom Alexander Zverev in the Madrid Open, the veteran Uruguayan chased down a lob on the baseline and nailed this incredible no-look, crosscourt winner.
You've seen tweeners, but this is something else. This blind, behind-the-back swat for a perfect passing shot wasn't only one of the most spectacular shots of the year, it was an inflection point in the match. After erasing Zverev's game point here, Cuevas went on to win the game for the early break. He then won five consecutive games to take the second set 6-0 and force a decisive third, in which his superb racket control was again on display. At 4-4 in the third set, from behind the baseline, he plunked a pair of drop shots on Zverev that were unbeatable:
Both players held serve in the third set until the final game, when Cuevas broke to win 6-4 and move on to his first career Masters 1000 semifinal, where he'll face either Dominic Thiem or Borna Coric.
Update, 1:30 p.m. ET: Cuevas represents Uruguay. He was born in Argentina.
Pro-Life Leaders Raise Voice in Support of Baby Charlie Gard, Blast European Courts and Hospital
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
WASHINGTON — American pro-life leaders are raising their voices in support of baby Charlie Gard, decrying the decision by European courts that a London hospital has the authority to withdraw life support against the wishes of his parents. They view this move as a flagrant violation of parental rights and are pleading with England to reconsider in an appeal to save his life.
Gathered at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. Thursday afternoon, six notable figures in the pro-life movement expressed solidarity with the 11-month-old child who is suffering with a rare form of mitochondrial disease and is on life support in London amid an ongoing international outcry.
"Every life is a gift and worth fighting for, and we plan to do everything in our power to be a voice and to protect the inherent dignity of little Charlie Gard," said Jeanne Mancini, president of March for Life, at the press conference.
"Our hearts go out to the Gard family and we hope that their wishes for Charlie to be released and to seek alternative medical treatment will soon be respected."
Great Ormond Street Hospital in London, where Charlie is currently residing, has refused to transfer the child, has refused to allow Charlie's parents to take him home to die, and has reportedly denied the couple's request for a hospice arrangement. Previous court rulings in favor of the hospital's decision were recently upheld in the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, France.
President Donald Trump, who is in Germany for the G20 summit this week, reportedly plans to discuss the plight of Charlie Gard with British Prime Minister Theresa May, according the Daily Mail.
Catherine Glenn Foster, president and CEO of Americans United for Life, the legal arm of the pro-life movement in the United States, told The Christian Post after the press conference that court decisions are not orders that the child must die.
When asked by CP what Prime Minister May might do to trump the decision of the court, Foster said that the court ruling "does not require the hospital to remove care; it simply allows them and gives them the authority to."
"This is not a mandate to remove the ventilator and kill him in essence. [May] could do something, she could intervene with the hospital. There are a number of things that can happen that would give the hospital that 'out' and allow them to save face and still transfer Charlie and give him that chance at life that he deserves," she said.
Foster is preparing to travel to London Thursday evening and has begun coordinating with the legal team in England but could not go into further specifics.
Gard's case is gaining steam with world leaders like Pope Francis, President Trump and even celebrities like singer Cher posting on social media in support of the sick child. Cher tweeted Monday evening in all caps: "Institutions have no right 2flip switch on beloved baby. If USA can save precious Charlie Gard... send him 2 us."
INSTITUTIONS HAVE NO RIGHT 2FLIP SWITCH ON BELOVED
Thirty-seven members of the European parliament have also signed a letter to May and Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, writing that they felt "obliged to voice our deepest concerns about the outrageous outcome of Charlie's case, which infringes Europe's most fundamental values, particularly the right to life, the right to human dignity and personal integrity."
Protests outside Buckingham Palace in London and at the British Embassy in Washington, D.C., have also bolstered the effort to save Charlie's life.
Gard's parents, Connie Yates and Chris Gard, have raised over $1.6 million through a crowdfunding campaign to transfer him to a hospital in the U.S. for an experimental treatment. The couple is supported by thousands of people around the world calling themselves "Charlie's Army"; a Facebook group of that name boasts over 65,000 members.
Thus far, however, while Charlie remains on life support the massive solidarity has not yielded any change and, according to LifeSiteNews, international pro-life activist the Rev. Patrick Mahoney believes the hospital could pull the plug on Charlie at any time.
Earlier this week, Pope Francis offered to take in the sick child at Gesu Bambino hospital in Rome. But when Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano spoke Wednesday with Boris Johnson, British secretary of Foreign Affairs, to discuss the Vatican's offer, Johnson reportedly declined to intervene.
The Daily Mail reported that a source close to Johnson said he told the Italian minister: "This was a deeply tragic and complex case for all involved, and it was right that decisions continued to be led by expert medical opinion, supported by the courts, in line with Charlie's best interests."
Yet many see this as a government violating the rights of parents to determine the best course of medical care for their children even when medical experts say no hope of recovery exists.
Penny Nance, president and CEO of the Washington-based Concerned Women for America, said at the press conference Thursday that if the hospital has its way, it sets a "troubling precedent." The state has quashed the parents' request for more time and it is a violation of their right to determine the best course of medical treatment for their child, she argued.
"The heavy hand of government has come between the family and their child, and we believe that it's wrong," she said emphatically.
While the ECHR's ruling praised the parents for their concern for their sick child, it nevertheless ruled that Charlie's best interests were in the hospital's purview, even though it meant that he has to die.
Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the Susan B. Anthony List, a pro-life political action committee that works to elect pro-life women to Congress, said she is not moved by those supposedly warm words from the court.
Such language feigning concern, she explained, "is what Walker Percy called the compassion of the gas chamber."
And in this case, the difference between genuine compassion and the kind of compassion espoused by the state is that the hospital is digging in its heels, not even allowing the parents to take their child home to die, she noted.
"This hospital has dug in and said 'No, he will die, and he will die here," Dannenfelser said.
By By Ken Hanly Aug 19, 2016 in Politics Manila - Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte came to power not only on a promise to wage a war against drug trafficking but also to negotiate an end to five decades of conflict with the Maoist New Peoples Army (NPA) that has killed more than 40,000. Renato Reyes, secretary-general of the leftist Bayan or Nation group that is allied with the communists said that the releases were a good sign and had raised hopes that the talks, set to begin in Norway on August 22, would begin on a positive note. Among those released on bail were Tirso Alcantara one of the highest ranking guerrilla leaders who was wounded in a firefight with Philippine soldiers five years ago. However, top leaders Benito Tiamzon and his wife Wilma remain in prison. Activists have been demonstrating outside the national police office demanding the release of them as other senior guerrilla leaders. Human rights advocates claim that the government is holding more than 500 rebels in detention, including Muslim rebel leaders. "We will return home after the peace talks in Oslo. We were released from jail to take part in the peace talks and we are serious about it. The negotiations in Oslo are only one part of the process and there are other talks happening in other venues." Security forces worry that rebel leaders would stay overseas or see them as a pretext to rebuild their army and consolidate their ranks. In 1987, the leader and founder of the Philippine Communist Party, Jose Sison, after nine years of detention went to the Netherlands. He sought asylum and has lived in Utrecht for the last 30 years. The NPA has been operating in the Philippines since 1969, as described by Wikipedia: "The New People's Army (NPA) (Filipino: " Bagong Hukbong Bayan) is the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP). It was formed and founded by Bernabe Buscayno A.K.A. "Commander Dante" on March 29, 1969. " The Philippine Army estimates that at the end of 2015 it had about 60,000 fighters. They are spread throughout rural areas of the Philippines. The U.S. State Department designates the NPA as a Foreign Terrorist Organization and it is also branded as a terrorist organization by EU Common Foreign and Security Policy. However, the Philippine government delisted the NPA as a terrorist group in 2011 making negotiations somewhat easier. The Philippines has let 12 NPA leaders out of jail on bail just a few days before new talks are to start in Norway. National Police chief Ronald dela Rosa said the temporary release of the leaders was the result of president Duterte's peace offer. The talks with the government had been stalled in 2012 over the refusal of the government to free the leaders who have been in jail for decades. The chief said the peace offer was one of the most positive developments in years.Renato Reyes, secretary-general of the leftist Bayan or Nation group that is allied with the communists said that the releases were a good sign and had raised hopes that the talks, set to begin in Norway on August 22, would begin on a positive note. Among those released on bail were Tirso Alcantara one of the highest ranking guerrilla leaders who was wounded in a firefight with Philippine soldiers five years ago. However, top leaders Benito Tiamzon and his wife Wilma remain in prison. Activists have been demonstrating outside the national police office demanding the release of them as other senior guerrilla leaders. Human rights advocates claim that the government is holding more than 500 rebels in detention, including Muslim rebel leaders. Another report claims that 17 guerrilla leaders were released on bail to attend the peace talks. They all vowed to return home to the Philippines rather than flee after the talks. Apparently, Benito Tamzon and his wife have also been released and he said:Security forces worry that rebel leaders would stay overseas or see them as a pretext to rebuild their army and consolidate their ranks. In 1987, the leader and founder of the Philippine Communist Party, Jose Sison, after nine years of detention went to the Netherlands. He sought asylum and has lived in Utrecht for the last 30 years. Tamzon praised Duterte saying: "This is the first and only time we have a president determined to push genuine reforms." He said that he had better prospects to end the long conflict than earlier attempts. He said that the two sides hope to negotiate a ceasefire when the talks begin on August 22. The two will also discuss political, economic, and constitutional reforms as well. Another five leaders that are still in detention hope to join the other 17 traveling to Oslo for the talks. More about new people's army, Communist Party of the Philippines, rodrigo duterte More news from new people s army Communist Party of t... rodrigo duterte
Where the mind cuts against reality's grain, it generates wrong questions—questions that cannot possibly be answered on their own terms, but only dissolved by understanding the cognitive algorithm that generates the perception of a question.
One good cue that you're dealing with a "wrong question" is when you cannot even imagine any concrete, specific state of how-the-world-is that would answer the question. When it doesn't even seem possible to answer the question.
Take the Standard Definitional Dispute, for example, about the tree falling in a deserted forest. Is there any way-the-world-could-be—any state of affairs—that corresponds to the word "sound" really meaning only acoustic vibrations, or really meaning only auditory experiences?
("Why, yes," says the one, "it is the state of affairs where 'sound' means acoustic vibrations." So Taboo the word 'means', and 'represents', and all similar synonyms, and describe again: How can the world be, what state of affairs, would make one side right, and the other side wrong?)
Or if that seems too easy, take free will: What concrete state of affairs, whether in deterministic physics, or in physics with a dice-rolling random component, could ever correspond to having free will?
And if that seems too easy, then ask "Why does anything exist at all?", and then tell me what a satisfactory answer to that question would even look like.
And no, I don't know the answer to that last one. But I can guess one thing, based on my previous experience with unanswerable questions. The answer will not consist of some grand triumphant First Cause. The question will go away as a result of some insight into how my mental algorithms run skew to reality, after which I will understand how the question itself was wrong from the beginning—how the question itself assumed the fallacy, contained the skew.
Mystery exists in the mind, not in reality. If I am ignorant about a phenomenon, that is a fact about my state of mind, not a fact about the phenomenon itself. All the more so, if it seems like no possible answer can exist: Confusion exists in the map, not in the territory. Unanswerable questions do not mark places where magic enters the universe. They mark places where your mind runs skew to reality.
Such questions must be dissolved. Bad things happen when you try to answer them. It inevitably generates the worst sort of Mysterious Answer to a Mysterious Question: The one where you come up with seemingly strong arguments for your Mysterious Answer, but the "answer" doesn't let you make any new predictions even in retrospect, and the phenomenon still possesses the same sacred inexplicability that it had at the start.
I could guess, for example, that the answer to the puzzle of the First Cause is that nothing does exist—that the whole concept of "existence" is bogus. But if you sincerely believed that, would you be any less confused? Me neither.
But the wonderful thing about unanswerable questions is that they are always solvable, at least in my experience. What went through Queen Elizabeth I's mind, first thing in the morning, as she woke up on her fortieth birthday? As I can easily imagine answers to this question, I can readily see that I may never be able to actually answer it, the true information having been lost in time.
On the other hand, "Why does anything exist at all?" seems so absolutely impossible that I can infer that I am just confused, one way or another, and the truth probably isn't all that complicated in an absolute sense, and once the confusion goes away I'll be able to see it.
This may seem counterintuitive if you've never solved an unanswerable question, but I assure you that it is how these things work.
Coming tomorrow: A simple trick for handling "wrong questions".
Ever wanted a $400 Xbox One? Well, you won't get much closer than this for a while, most likely. For some reason, Walmart has put the already valuable Xbox One Titanfall bundle on sale for $450 today. That's a $500 system and a $60 game, so the deal equates to some serious savings.
The Walmart website makes you dance through about ten different hoops to actually see that price with the "must be viewed in cart" rule enforced by manufacturers, but eventually when you're on the verge of checking out the $450 price is visible.
There's no word yet how long this sale will last, but I imagine it won't be very long. It will likely be a while until we see an actual price cut for the Xbox One, and sales and bundles like this are the closest thing there is to a bonafide cut at the moment. Even when the price does go down, I doubt it will jump down a full $100 to match PS4. $450 for the core system for a first price reduction seems more likely, but again, there's no telling when that will be.
And given that Titanfall is a must-have exclusive for the system, there really couldn't be a better bundle. Obviously not everyone will agree Titanfall is the best game for the system, but chances are if you own an Xbox One, it's a game you're likely to pick up at some point.
As Microsoft has sales and bundles to move more Xbox Ones, I really would like Sony to do some sort of Infamous: Second Son bundle. It wouldn't have to be $400 with a free copy of the game, but even like $420 or $430 would be a nice gesture, as Infamous is now officially PS4's best exclusive (sorry Killzone). But PS4s are selling so well, Sony likely doesn't need to entice anyone to buy them. Demand is outstripping supply, and that's likely to continue into the summer, according to them.
If you were thinking about picking up an Xbox/Titanfall, I'm not sure you'll find a lower price than this for a good long while. Check it out at Walmart's site here.
[via Dealzon/Polygon]
Follow me on Twitter, subscribe to my Forbes feed, and pick up a copy of my sci-fi novel, The Last Exodus, and its sequel, The Exiled Earthborn.
Rep. Marlin Stutzman (R-IN) will officially join the rebellion against John Boehner's re-election as Speaker of the House on Monday morning, Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-OK) announced in a statement late Sunday evening.
Stutzman, Bridenstine said, will issue a statement early Monday announcing his public opposition to Boehner's re-election. That brings the total number of members who are public in their opposition to nine, as Bridenstine and Reps. Steve King (R-IA), Dave Brat (R-VA), Paul Gosar (R-AZ), Walter Jones (R-NC), and Thomas Massie (R-KY) issued public statements saying they are opposing Boehner. Reps. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) and Ted Yoho (R-FL) both announced their own candidacies against Boehner, and many incoming freshman representatives made campaign promises to either definitely vote against Boehner or that they'd consider doing so.
“I am pleased to see so many Members of Congress responding to the voices of their constituents in supporting new leadership,” Bridenstine said in his Sunday night statement. “Rep. Louie Gohmert added his name to Rep. Ted Yoho as willing to stand for election as Speaker of the House. Reps. Paul Gosar, Steve King and Dave Brat made public statements of their commitments to vote for new leadership. Rep. Marlin Stutzman also gave me permission to announce that his statement would be forthcoming Monday morning. Rep. Walter Jones, Thomas Massie and I had issued our statements previously.”
The conservative grassroots community stands with the effort to oppose Boehner as well, with FreedomWorks coming out in public against him in a statement this weekend and Tea Party Patriots leader Jenny Beth Martin urging members to oppose Boehner in an interview on Breitbart News Sunday. The Conservative Review's staff is working overtime to get information about the matter out in public, and polling data from Pat Caddell is indicative of widespread national GOP voter opposition to his re-election as Speaker. More grassroots organizations, both local and national, are expected to come out in opposition to Boehner and urge their supporters to pressure members to oppose him, soon.
Bridenstine added that the group of nine members publicly opposing Boehner should be called the “Gang of Nine.” He also said that forthcoming statements will put the effort into double digits on Monday.
“If this vote fit the Progressive agenda, the media would be calling us a ‘Gang of Nine.' Monday, we will be in double digits,” Bridenstine said. “The Congress is hearing the people.”
Stutzman ran as a previous candidate for Majority Whip against Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) and Rep. Peter Roskam (R-IL). Scalise is facing a major scandal right now and refuses to answer questions about his associations with the top political hand to former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke. Both nationally syndicated radio host Mark Levin and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin—as well as various political consultants for the GOP—are demanding Scalise answer those questions. Some have demanded his resignation. Some sources tell Breitbart News, too, that Boehner may have asked Scalise to whip votes for the speakership vote—a sign the speaker is worried about where things stand. But with Scalise focused on saving himself from the scandal, he may be distracted enough for conservatives to succeed—especially since Scalise has had major problems with getting whip counts straight in his short time in the job.
Strong holiday traffic overall also sees 'The Gambler' post a respectable opening, while awards contenders 'American Sniper,' 'Selma' and 'The Imitation Game' impress
Angelina Jolie's World War II drama Unbroken and Disney's Into the Woods both delivered big Christmas Day openings in a needed win for the film business, which has suffered a downturn at the box office since Thanksgiving (not to mention the hacking of Sony Pictures Entertainment).
From Universal, Unbroken grossed $15.6 million from 3,131 locations, marking the third-highest debut ever for Christmas Day after Sherlock Holmes in 2009 ($24.6 million) and Les Miserables in 2012 ($18.1 million), not accounting for inflation.
Unbroken, earning an A- CinemaScore and based on Laura Hillenbrand's best-selling biography, stars Jack O'Connell as World War II hero Louis Zamperini. The Universal film follows Zamperini as he's stranded in the ocean after a plane crash and then captured and tortured as a prisoner of war.
See more Making 'Into the Woods' With Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt
Into the Woods wasn't far behind, grossing an estimated $15.1 million from 2,440 locations. The adaptation of Stephen Sondheim's Broadway musical looks to continue Disney's winning streak at the box office and stars Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt, Anna Kendrick, James Corden, Chris Pine and Johnny Depp. The movie received a B CinemaScore.
Both Into the Woods and Unbroken are now expected to earn north of $40 million over the long holiday weekend, well ahead of expectations. Holdover The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies, earning $13.1 million on Thursday for a domestic total of $127.1 million, could still take the crown, however.
The other high-profile Christmas Day release was Sony's The Interview, the controversial R-rated comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco as two bumbling journalists hired by the CIA to assassinate North Korean president Kim Jong-un. Sony pulled the movie last week from its Dec. 25 release after the group behind the unprecedented hack attack of Sony threatened theaters.
However, after President Barack Obama criticized Sony for caving, the studio announced Tuesday it would release The Interview in more than 330 independent theaters and on VOD.
The movie won't be a big grosser in theaters, considering its limited footprint and the fact that it was made available online Wednesday. (It was also quickly pirated.) On Thursday, The Interview took in $1 million to place No. 15 — as a way of comparison, it came in just behind another limited release, Bollywood blockbuster PK, which grossed $1.1 million from 272 theaters.
"Considering the incredibly challenging circumstances, we are extremely grateful to the people all over the country who came out to experience The Interview on the first day of its unconventional release," said Sony distribution chief Rory Bruer.
After Unbroken and Into the Woods, the other two Christmas Day nationwide openers were Paramount's The Gambler, starring Mark Wahlberg as a literature professor who has a secret life as a gambler, and Tim Burton's Big Eyes.
Rupert Wyatt directed The Gambler, which earned a better-than-expected $5 million from 2,478 theaters on Thursday.
Big Eyes, starring Amy Adams and Christoph Waltz, is playing in far fewer theaters and earned a so-so $1.5 million for the day from 1,307 locations to come in No. 12. The film, from The Weinstein Co., centers on artist Margaret Keane (Adams), whose work was claimed by her then-husband, Walter Keane.
Harvey Weinstein's shop still had plenty to celebrate; awards frontrunner The Imitation Game soared to No. 7 as it expanded into a total of 747 theaters, grossing $3.1 million on Thursday for a domestic total of $6.7 million.
Two other award contenders made their box-office debuts on Thursday: the Martin Luther King Jr. drama Selma and American Sniper.
Paramount's Selma, opening in 19 theaters in New York, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C. and Atlanta, earned a strong $317,000.
American Sniper, launching in only four theaters, turned in an especially impressive $240,000, the top Christmas Day limited opening of all time. Directed by Clint Eastwood, the movie stars Bradley Cooper as the late Chris Kyle.
Looks like Ronda Rousey's personal life just became a lot more public. Over the past couple weeks, rumors have been cropping up around the internet that the UFC's biggest star and 135 lb champ has been dating one of the promotion's current persona non grata. The man in question? Current UFC heavyweight Travis Browne, who is under investigation by the UFC after his wife publicly accused him of domestic violence back in July.
While Browne's relationship with the UFC has been put on hold lately, including being pulled from recent public events, it seems he's been keeping a much more private relationship with Rousey. Private, at least, until a picture of the two started surfacing on Twitter, and Browne's estranged wife confirmed that he and the bantamweight champion were seeing one another.
@noochsig I'm pretty disgusted...more so in her. But I've known this for a while. — Jenna Renee (@JennaReneeFit) August 24, 2015
@jenfoucheris I expected more from her. She should be ashamed of herself — Jenna Renee (@JennaReneeFit) August 24, 2015
@noochsig honestly it's only a matter of time that she sees his true colors. — Jenna Renee (@JennaReneeFit) August 24, 2015
@noochsig let's hope it doesn't go there but if it does she chose to be w/ a married man undergoing investigation for DV. I did my part. — Jenna Renee (@JennaReneeFit) August 24, 2015
@noochsig best of luck to them both — Jenna Renee (@JennaReneeFit) August 24, 2015
@noochsig who's the #DNB now with a married man who beat his wife. #classy — Jenna Renee (@JennaReneeFit) August 24, 2015
Neither Rousey nor Browne have spoken about a relationship between the two of them publicly to date, so we really only have circumstantial evidence along with Browne's wife's word on it. If the rumors are true, however, things could get very interesting for Rousey over the next few weeks.
Former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo has reportedly filed a lawsuit in a Paris military court accusing the French army of attempting to assassinate him after he was ousted from power in April, following months of civil conflict.
ADVERTISING Read more
AP - Ex-Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo has filed a legal case accusing the French army of his attempted assassination following the April operation to oust him, legal sources said Thursday.
France and the United Nations backed the forces of Gbagbo rival and new ruler Alassane Ouattara in the offensive which saw him and his wife Simone placed under house arrest.
The country had by then endured four months of clashes after Gbagbo refused to accept defeat in a November poll.
An investigating magistrate has been appointed since the complaint was lodged at a Paris military court on July 5 by Gbagbo's lawyers, the source said.
France has defended its part in the April 11 raid, stating that its troops and those of the United Nations Operation in Cote D'Ivoire (Onuci) only had a supporting role.
"At no time did French forces enter the presidential gardens or residence" where Gbagbo had taken refuge, general staff spokesman Colonel Thierry Burkhard has said.
Gbagbo and his wife have been charged with "economic crimes" and President Ouattara wants to see them tried before the International Criminal Court.
After months with no location, we have finally locked down a location to continue the PechaKucha Silver Spring series! We're happy to have an expanded space in the Silver Spring Civic Building. We're happy to host #PKNSS on Cinco de Mayo, May 5, 2017 from 7-9PM. We're also proud to announce a new partner for Pechakucha Silver Spring: local non-profit Fenton Village Inc.
You can purchase tickets here!
We're happy to have Denizens Brewing Co. and La Mano Coffee sponsoring Volume 8.
We also have an ask. We're looking for the following:
Speakers – We're looking for 7-8 speakers who can share a presentation on drugs. What do we mean by “drugs”? We intentionally leave the topic broad, so that speakers will be able to bring their own unique perspectives to the evening and broaden everyone's views. You tell us what “drugs” means!
Volunteers – We've had great teams of volunteers help out in past events. It's hard work, and we appreciate all the help that people offer to keep this community event going. We're looking for individuals to help receive guests, manage the food and drinks, setup, break down, and photography.
Artist – At our previous location, Pyramid Atlantic, we hosted the event in their art gallery. We would like to have an exhibit in the new space, and are looking for an artist who would be interested in having a one-night pop up exhibit for viewing during PechaKucha Vol 8.
If you fit into any of the above categories, please email [email protected].
We look forward to seeing you there!
Be sure to check out past presentations at our YouTube channel or the PechaKucha Silver Spring page.
10 Fantasy Players I Refuse to Draft
Every year the summer rolls around, I can't stop thinking about how great my fantasy teams are going to be this year, and inevitably, the players who I absolutely won't draft. We all have them, and we do our absolute best not to touch them. Unfortunately, they sometimes drop three rounds and we get them, anyway, but that's just bargain shopping. It's hard to turn down a good sale. With that in mind, let's peep my top-10 players I will avoid like the plague this fall.
Adrian Peterson
Dont get me wrong, I love this guy. He's talented, vicious, and talented. Yeah, twice talented. But he's now dealing with a history of injuries. With five NFL seasons under his belt, he's played in all 16 games only twice. He has appeared to solve his fumbling problems, with only two over the last two seasons, but his ACL is now a much bigger problem. Granted, ACL tears aren't career-enders like they used to be, but it still scares me. Also, did I mention he's still going to be facing eight in the box on every play and he comes off the field on third downs? This guy has officially been dethroned from the top overall pick.
Michael Vick
I'm tired of hearing about Vick. I don't care about the dog fighting, or the protesting, or any of it. He won a lot of people their leagues in 2010, but that was clearly an aberration. In 2011, he reverted right back to same ole Vick. He was poor from the pocket, ran too much, and got injured. He had a career-high 3,303 passing yards, but also threw a career-high 14 interceptions with only 18 passing touchdowns. Add in that he only scored one rushing TD, and yeah, I'm tired of hearing about him. Hes not going to win you anything but the ‘I Have the Most Frustrating QB' award.
Shonn Greene
Like many, I was captivated by Greene's aggressive and productive running style during the 2009 playoffs. Like many, I was sorely disappointed after I drafted him in 2010 and watched him flounder all season behind LT. However, like few others, I drafted him again in 2011, thinking it was surely time for him to blossom, and on the tails of Rex Ryan spouting ground and pound mantras. While he was actually fine, statistically, I will never draft Greene again. Why? Hes so vanilla. If you're looking for the all-boring team of the NFL, Greene is your starting tailback, hands down. In his three seasons, his longest run is only 33 yards. He averages a middle-of-the-road 4.3 yards per carry, and has only 10 career rushing TDs. Talk about a sleeper.
Jamaal Charles
Not only did he tear his ACL last season (see: Peterson, A.), but this guy is on a stupidly stacked offense. The Chiefs have got two receivers who have put up 1,000-yard seasons and another first-round pick from 2011. They just acquired Peyton Hillis from the Browns, another former thousand-yard rusher. Not to mention the always active Dexter McCluster. This offense is going places, and there's not enough room for Charles to get the touches other top RB options will get.
DeSean Jackson
DeSean Jackson goes as Vick goes, and last year that wasn't too well. In fact, it wasn't that well in 2010, either, when he finished with just over 1,000 yards and six touchdowns. Jackson's premier year was all the way back in 2009, when he recorded almost 1,200 yards receiving and 12 total touchdowns. Since then, hes become increasingly prima-donna and money-hungry. Now that hes got the big contract, will he Chris Johnson out and forget how to play football? I'm not about to use a valuable draft pick to find out.
Drew Brees
In 2011, this guy was lights out, setting a brand-new record for NFL passing yards in a season. He also led the league in passing TDs with 46. This off-season, though, the New Orleans Saints have fallen apart. First the bounty program, then the weird GM listening to opposing sidelines story, and still Brees remains unsigned to a long-term deal. With Coach Sean Payton suspended for the entire season, will this offense run at the same level it did last season? I'm sure they will be okay, based on their personnel, but I have my doubts.
Matt Forte
About eight games into last season, the number one guy in my league was undefeated, rocking Forte and Fred Jackson at RB. I remember thinking, how could somebody get so lucky? A few weeks later, both backs sidelined for the season, I remember thinking exactly the opposite. I think Forte is going to suffer this year. He's been in a huge contract struggle with the Bears, he's coming off injury, and the Bears just signed big-money backup Michael Bush. Something tells me It's going to be an off-year for the Bears' star back.
Vincent Jackson
This guy is the ultimate boom-or-bust in fantasy football (excluding Michael Vick). He will show up one week and get you two catches for 17 yards. Then the next week he'll throw down the gauntlet and snatch three touchdowns on 175 yards. And that was with Philip Rivers. This year, I expect it to be even worse. With Josh Freeman, his lows will be lowed and his highs will be, sadly, lower. Freeman is no Rivers. Keep in mind that hel'l also be competing with Mike Williams for looks.
Dwayne Bowe
I hate good receivers with bad quarterbacks. Matt Cassel has a decent arm and a crazy array of weapons to work with, but his decision-making is lackluster at best. It never ceases to amaze me when I watch the Chiefs play, the guy is just confused out there. I have nothing bad to say about Bowe, other than he relies on such an abysmal passer to record his own stats. There's nothing worse than watching your fantasy players fail because of their teammates mistakes. Its haunting.
Antonio Gates
While hes definitely fallen down some boards, hes fallen completely off of mine. His upside is limited, his injury risk is huge, and the Chargers offense suddenly doesn't look all that great. Who is their No. 1 WR? Robert Meachem? Malcom Floyd? The point being, the running game is going to suffer, which means more guys in coverage. The commonly used reason that Philip Rivers had such a down year last season was exactly that: too many guys in coverage. With Vincent Jackson gone, its only going to get worse. And with Gates advanced age and injury history, he no longer has the athleticism to single-handedly take over a game. He is likely to struggle this season.
I'm currently working on the visual development of another original game concept for one of my final projects, and I decided to take a quick break so I whipped this up. I haven't drawn young Luna or Celestia before, so here's young Luna, as she was seen in Season 1! ^.^
I of course took some liberties with her design so it can fit my headcanon. Luna here has been freed from the Nightmare's influence for a couple of months, and her body is undergoing a rapid change in order to try and "catch up", as it were, to the magical growth Celestia had already experienced so many long centuries ago. This is the first of many (she's essentially going through a secondary puberty) magical spurts, where her physical appearance begins to take on a more ethereal look. She's only just at the beginning of the spurt though, hence why her coat hasn't darkened and her mane and tail hasn't lengthened yet. It's also why her hair and wings aren't reflecting the night sky as vividly as they do when she eventually reaches her peak, but there is still the beginnings of twinkling stars and gradients. C:
This was a bunch of fun to do, and so sketchy! I may try drawing a young Celestia next. O:
Raikkonen qualified second for the Sepang race, having missed out on pole by just 0.045 seconds, but failed to take the start when Ferrari encountered engine trouble on the way to the grid.
Ferrari suspects it could be a recurrence of the same problem that prevented teammate Sebastian Vettel from setting a timed lap in Malaysian GP qualifying, although analysis is still being conducted.
Raikkonen has used the maximum number of turbochargers and MGU-Hs in his allocation but has one more free change of internal combustion engine, MGU-K, energy store and control electronics.
When asked by Motorsport.com if he expected a penalty for Japan, following the engine problem in Malaysia, Raikkonen said: “No, we haven't used our last engine and I don't think the engine had any issue in here.
“It's just the end result of whatever the issue was. I don't see that we have an issue.”
Raikkonen said he was “not really” concerned about the problems Ferrari encountered on both sides of the garage in Malaysia.
He added: “It's quite odd from us, we didn't expect it. We didn't have any so far and then we had two in two days. We have to find the reason.”
Though Ferrari has scored just 12 points to Mercedes' 68 in the last two races, Raikkonen takes heart from the underlying performance of the car.
“We have a good package, but we have to make the most out of it,” he said. “It's been a tough few weekends, but next weekend is a new chance again.
“The last couple of races we have had a very good car so you wouldn't expect anything else.
“It's a different circuit [Suzuka], but we go there like any race weekend and see where we are.”
"It was probably the lowest budget movie I've ever done in my life," he said of the post-apocalyptic drama. "'Terminator' was $6.5 million, but that was 1984!"
Arnold Schwarzenegger has officially made his indie debut.
Maggie was shared with an audience for the first time at the 2015 Tribeca Film Festival on Wednesday. The film was originally scooped up by Lionsgate before its initially-scheduled world premiere at Toronto last year.
Schwarzenegger previously teased his lead in the post-apocalyptic drama as "the most human zombie film you've ever seen, and it's the most human role you've ever seen me take on," when sharing the trailer with fans last month.
"It's a story that's very personal — it focuses an illness that destroys an entire family," he told The Hollywood Reporter of playing Wade, Maggie's farmer father who must decide between sending Maggie (Abigail Breslin) away to a quarantine unit, giving her a medicine that painfully prolongs her progress, or killing her himself. "Those are choices for a father that are impossible. … He knows she's dangerous, she knows he can kill and maybe infect others, but because of her love for me, she's trying to everything possible not to do that." However, the task of taking on a dramatic role "was challenging, but fun."
Added Rachel Whitman Groves of Wade's dilemma, "No one would ever want to see their child go through something like this, whether it's cancer or AIDS or any kind of debilitating disease. Here, it just happens to be zombies."
Director Henry Hobson, making his feature debut, aimed to use Schwarzenegger's onscreen persona to play up Wade's strengths. "Arnold's traditional roles of these macho, powerhouse positions — he plays that character, but he's lost it all and he doesn't know how to solve these problems," he explained. "And farmers keep to themselves, they have an insulated personality. They get up at three in the morning; they go to sleep before everyone else gets back from work. That creates an almost Clint Eastwood-like role — he internalizes everyone else's thoughts and his slowly come out. By using that restraint and stoicism, it brings out a completely understated and powerful side of Arnold."
Joely Richardson, who plays Maggie's stepmother, admitted she was initially surprised by the casting news, since Wade's main weapons are an ax and a hunting rifle. "Off the page, it's not a typical Arnold Schwarzenegger role. … But he was beautiful, he was very humble, he wanted to do the best he could. He liked to do things again and again because he said he comes from a background of sports, so he likes repetition. He led us very well."
Instead of using a stand-in, Schwarzenegger also stuck around set to help play off actors during their close-ups opposite his character, yet kept the mood light between takes. Laughed Hobson, "He's fun to be around and was doing the catch-phrases left and right."
At under $6 million, the film was shot in five weeks in New Orleans. "It was probably the lowest budget movie I've ever done in my life! … Terminator was $6.5 million, but that was 1984!" the oft-action star joked to the audience after the screening, which was attended by fest co-founder Robert De Niro and executive producer Ara Keshishian and followed by an after-party at Tutto il Giorno.
"[But] I would not have been able to do this role thirty years ago — for the last 25 years, I've been a father," he reflected, adding that he cried when he first read the script. "Abigail was really fantastic to work with, every step of the way."
"Any actor is looking to play a part that has some depth, and there isn't any greatest emotional connection an actor can have than portraying a parent, because in real life, that's what life is about —protecting your kids, trying to set them on the right path," producer Matthew Baer told THR. "You always know the audience will be rooting for you because you're rooting for your child."
When asked by a fan about pursuing similar roles in the future, Schwarzenegger said, "I hope to get more dramatic pieces like this because I really enjoyed doing this film, and to do something smaller where I can concentrate on the performance and scene development, rather than just rushing through those types of scenes and shooting days and days of big action and blowing things up — which is great, I did that right after this movie. I did Terminator [Genisys] where we blew up enough stuff, chase scenes and action scenes and flipping buses through the air, and all those kinds of things. But you don't spend as much time in those kinds of movies on scenes like in a dramatic piece like this."
He added, humbly, "I never dreamt in my life that I'd be at Tribeca, having a movie here and getting this kind of reception."
Maggie hits theaters May 8.
WASHINGTON — The White House accelerated its efforts on Thursday to bolster data privacy laws and announced a bid to scrutinize discriminatory pricing on the Internet, pressing to exert control on the use of data in Americans' lives.
A year after President Obama ordered a review of the vast collection and use of digital information by private companies, his top advisers announced that they had recruited a Republican ally for a bill to protect data collected from students' educational apps. They said they were redoubling efforts to push broader measures, so far stalled in Congress, to safeguard consumer privacy.
And in a report released by Mr. Obama's Council of Economic Advisers, White House officials said they would scrutinize companies' use of personal data to charge different customers different prices online.
“This big data revolution presents incredible opportunities to transform health care, boost economic productivity and to make government work better and save taxpayer dollars,” said John D. Podesta, the counselor to the president, who has been leading the effort, “but at the same time, those technologies raise concerns about how we protect personal privacy and our other values.”
VOR Simulator
This VOR Simulator will help you understand how VOR, VOR DME, LOC, ILS, LDA and a SDF works!
The VOR (VHF Omnidirectional Range) Simulator was designed to demonstrate the approximate indication that a VOR would display with varying positions of an aircraft in relation to certain navigational facilities.
VOR Simulator Visual Tutorial in PDF - click here-
This VOR Simulator was programmed by luizmonteiro.com and reprinted with their permission
If you would like to purchase this VOR Simulator for your desktop please go to luizmonteiro.com - March 15/08
Disclaimer
This is a SIMULATOR we are not held responsible for software issues.
Please contact you local flight school for actual flight training
If you do not have the latest version of flash you may visit www.adobe.com (formerly www.macromedia.com) and go to the downloads section for the latestplug-in version or go via the direct link: http://www.adobe.com/go/getflashplayer
WARNING: The application will not work properly if your browser does not have at least version 8 of Flash
Condensed Instructions:
Select desired Navaid type and settings. Drag aircraft on horizontal or vertical panels to change the aircraft's position in relation to the facility. If North Up is selected aircraft heading changes can be set by positioning the cursor close to the aircraft on the horizontal panel then clicking the button when a "-" or "+" appears. If Heading Up is selected, aircraft heading changes can be set by positioning the cursor close to the navigational facility on the horizontal panel then clicking the button when a "-" or "+" appears.
When Heading Up is selected, even though it may seem that the aircraft rotates around the navigational facility, the aircraft remains in the same position when changing heading. The reason for this is that the display will always show the navigational facility in the center of the display. This means that regardless if North Up or Heading Up is selected the aircraft position will always be relative to the navigational facility.
General Explanation of Features:
Compass Rose - Used as an aid to show the orientation of the Horizontal Navigation panel. It serves the same purpose
as the compass rose symbol on IFR enroute charts to show direction in relation to the magnetic north.
To / From Region - Shows on the Horizontal Navigation panel the regions where the VOR flag will display
To or From depending on where the aircraft is positioned.
Projection Flags - IFR approach plates have a profile view that displays the sideways vertical projection of the approach
course. The projection flags serve to help visualize how and where this projection is made from the Horizontal Panel
view. Notice how the aircraft moves on the Horizontal panel when it is dragged on the Vertical panel and vice
versa. The movement is made in alignment with the projection flags.
Horizontal Panel - Displays the horizontal position of the aircraft in relation to the navigational facility the same
way an IFR enroute chart or an approach plate's plan view would.
Vertical Panel - Displays the vertical position of the aircraft in relation to the navigational facility the same
way an approach plate's profile view would. It is used for several purposes:
1. For the glide slope feature.
2. Higher altitudes increase the diameter of the cone of confusion (zone above and around the VOR facility where
the VOR receiver does not work properly and will typically display a red NAV flag) .
3. The DME measures slant range distance from the aircraft to the facility. Being able to control the altitude allows
you to determine its influence and consequently the error associated to it.
Navigation Aid Type - Selects the type of navigational facility. Some features such as DME or glide slope will only work
with certain types of facilities.
Settings Section - Select and activate different features.
Information Section - Displays information such as heading, altitude, DME distance and OBS setting. (This section
cannot be changed by the user).
*Please note that DME may not be present together with localizer, back course localizer, LDA or SDA approaches. The DME distance shown is the approximate value a DME would indicate if such navigational facility were collocated.
CAUTION: The behavior of the VOR and other information displayed is approximate for illustration purposes only and may not reflect the actual readings on the VOR and DME.
The Bernanke press conference after the FOMC meeting covered some discussion in the statement.
From the April 27, 2011 FOMC meeting. There is a lengthy discussion on the eventual exit strategy, although it clearly will not happen soon.
Meeting participants agreed on several principles that would guide the Committee's strategy for normalizing monetary policy. First, with regard to the normalization of the stance of monetary policy, the pace and sequencing of the policy steps would be driven by the Committee's monetary policy objectives for maximum employment and price stability. Participants noted that the Committee's decision to discuss the appropriate strategy for normalizing the stance of policy at the current meeting did not mean that the move toward such normalization would necessarily begin soon. Second, to normalize the conduct of monetary policy, it was agreed that the size of the SOMA's securities portfolio would be reduced over the intermediate term to a level consistent with the implementation of monetary policy through the management of the federal funds rate rather than through variation in the size or composition of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet. Third, over the intermediate term, the exit strategy would involve returning the SOMA to holding essentially only Treasury securities in order to minimize the extent to which the Federal Reserve portfolio might affect the allocation of credit across sectors of the economy. Such a shift was seen as requiring sales of agency securities at some point. And fourth, asset sales would be implemented within a framework that had been communicated to the public in advance, and at a pace that potentially could be adjusted in response to changes in economic or financial conditions.
In addition, nearly all participants indicated that the first step toward normalization should be ceasing to reinvest payments of principal on agency securities and, simultaneously or soon after, ceasing to reinvest principal payments on Treasury securities. Most participants viewed halting reinvestments as a way to begin to gradually reduce the size of the balance sheet. It was noted, however, that ending reinvestments would constitute a modest step toward policy tightening, implying that that decision should be made in the context of the economic outlook and the Committee's policy objectives. In addition, changes in the statement language regarding forward policy guidance would need to accompany the normalization process.
April 2011 Economic projections of Federal Reserve Governors and Reserve Bank presidents 2011 2012 2013 Change in Real GDP 3.1 to 3.3 3.5 to 4.2 3.5 to 4.3 Previous Projection (Jan 2011) 3.4 to 3.9 3.5 to 4.4 3.7 to 4.6 Unemployment Rate 8.4 to 8.7 7.6 to 7.9 6.8 to 7.2 Previous Projection (Jan 2011) 8.8 to 9.0 7.6 to 8.1 6.8 to 7.2 PCE Inflaton 2.1 to 2.8 1.2 to 2.0 1.4 to 2.0 Previous Projection (Jan 2011) 1.3 to 1.7 1.0 to 1.9 1.2 to 2.0 Core PCE Inflation 1.3 to 1.6 1.3 to 1.8 1.4 to 2.0 Previous Projection (Jan 2011) 1.0 to 1.3 1.0 to 1.5 1.2 to 2.0
The sequence will probably be: 1) End of QE2 at the end of June, 2) stop reinvestment some time later this year, 3) remove the "exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate for an extended period" late this year or in 2012, 4) and then start raising rates / selling assets in 2012 or even 2013. Anyone expecting the Fed to raise rates this year is probably overlooking some of these steps.And here were the forecasts as of April 27th (GDP was revised down, inflation up, unemployment rate down - Bernanke released this earlier):FOMC definitions:Projections of change in real GDP and in inflation are from the fourth quarter of the previous year to the fourth quarter of the year indicated.Projections for the unemployment rate are for the average civilian unemployment rate in the fourth quarter of the year indicated.
Twenty years ago, it seemed that Congregation Tifereth Israel in Corona, thought to be the oldest synagogue in Queens, was headed for a date with a wrecking ball. Its Ashkenazi Jewish congregation — whose early members included the teenager who would become Estée Lauder — had dwindled to just a few. The wooden building, coated in 1929 with an unfortunate blanket of stucco, was in disrepair.
But in the late 1990s, a charismatic kosher butcher and rabbi from Central Asia moved to the area and slowly transformed the synagogue into the spiritual home of a community of impoverished Bukharan Jewish immigrants from the former Soviet Union. Soon, the rabbi's wife figured out that in America, there was a way to save such a historic building.
Esther Khaimov, the rabbi's wife, called the New York Landmarks Conservancy for help and combed through city records to find the building's original 1911 architectural plans, according to Ann-Isabel Friedman, who guided the project for the conservancy. After years of work, the building was given city landmark status in 2008 and then raised enough state, city and private grants to pay for a $1.6 million exterior renovation.
On Wednesday, Mrs. Khaimov and her husband, Rabbi Amnon Khaimov, helped preside over a ribbon cutting for their restored synagogue. At 5 p.m. Rabbi Khaimov nailed the final nail into a mezuza, the ritual prayer scroll Jews affix to entranceways, on the synagogue's front door frame. There is still no boiler in the building — that might have to wait until next year — but the restored siding glows sky blue, and the decorative ornament at its gabled parapet, at one point lost to time, is back in gleaming gold.
Photo
“I believe that the best miracles are the miracles we make with our own hands, and this is such a miracle,” Rimma Kharlamov, the coordinator of the Council of Jewish Émigré Community Organizations, said while standing before the bimah, the raised prayer dais in the middle of the sanctuary.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The synagogue was built a century ago by a congregation of Jews who had moved to Corona from the Lower East Side. Even though the Queens site was surrounded by open space, the congregation chose to construct a long, narrow two-story building, much like the synagogues that had been crammed between tenements and commercial buildings in their old neighborhood.
New York's top financial regulator isn't the Bitcoin-hating bureaucrat everyone feared.
Benjamin Lawsky, who leads the state's Department of Financial Services, unveiled a set of draft rules for "BitLicenses" on Thursday. They apply for all virtual currencies.
If they stick, Bitcoin will be one step closer to a legitimate form of money -- and a giant leap away from the shady, semi-anonymous, free-for-all that currently defines the independent digital currency.
Related: What is Bitcoin?
As part of the proposed new rules, Bitcoin trading businesses must pass background checks, know all their customers, be open to regulator inspection at any time and keep 100% of account reserves on hand.
"We have sought to strike an appropriate balance that helps protect consumers and root out illegal activity -- without stifling beneficial innovation," Lawsky said in a statement. "Setting up common sense rules of the road is vital to the long-term future of the virtual currency industry, as well as the safety and soundness of customer assets."
The rules don't clamp down on average users who spend this computerized money online or at tech-savvy bars and barbershops. Instead, they're strict requirements on the bank-like businesses that buy, sell and store bitcoins. You can read the full proposal here.
Bitcoin exchanges must now keep detailed records on all their customers. It's an attempt to clamp down on black market uses for Bitcoin, such as money laundering and buying illegal goods.
Currently, the backbone of the Bitcoin system logs all transactions, but it only lists peoples' anonymous digital wallets. By forcing exchanges to log everyone who acquires a Bitcoin, the system is suddenly traceable to actual people.
The tough part? Actually acquiring a BitLicense to operate.
Financial regulators will carefully screen anyone running a virtual currency business. Regulators will check their criminal background, professional qualifications and judge whether they're fit to manage money. If anything goes sour, regulators can yank a license.
Related: 'I lost money with Mt.Gox'
It's right in line with what Lawsky told CNNMoney in an interview in April. He explained then that his biggest fear is a repeat of what happened in Tokyo, when the world's largest Bitcoin exchange, Mt.Gox, went bankrupt and lost close to $400 million in users' accounts.
"What I would never want to see is... that there was something we missed and an exchange collapsed," Lawsky said at the time. "We're going to work very hard on our blind spots so we put protections in place -- that may seem overly conservative to some -- to make sure we don't have a collapse."
But as Lawsky said then, he doesn't want rules "so burdensome or unwieldy that the technology can't develop."
The rules also show Lawsky understands how Bitcoin works. Exchanges must secure exactly the number of bitcoins they owe customers. That means no modern banking fractional reserve of funds -- a central tenet of the Bitcoin philosophy.
The public has 45 days to comment on the proposed rules. The question now is whether the Bitcoin community will embrace it.
Related: Where is Bitcoin legal?
Nick Spanos is the cofounder of the NYC Bitcoin Center, which serves as a community meeting place where people can learn about it and do in-person trades. It also aims to be the New York Stock Exchange of bitcoins.
Spanos welcomes regulation but said younger entrepreneurs in his circles think the rules are too costly and will crush them.
"I just saw the gleam in their eye get put out last night," he said. "They're chasing away business from New York. They can just go to New Jersey."
Then again, Spanos said the rules serve to give the Bitcoin space much-needed accountability.
"If you're going to take people's money and hold it as a third party, you should be scrutinized," Spanos said.
Jose Pagliery is also the author of Bitcoin - And the Future of Money, available in bookstores on Sept. 1 (Triumph Books, Chicago).
This article is over 4 years old
Alexander Borodai, leader of Donetsk 'republic', and 10 others face travel bans and asset freezes as clashes continue in east
The European Union has imposed travel bans and asset freezes on the Ukrainian separatist leader Alexander Borodai and 10 other rebels as residents of Donetsk flee amid fears of further attacks on the rebel stronghold.
The move came as the Ukrainian government claimed that air strikes had killed hundreds of rebel fighters in retaliation for the 23 soldiers killed by a missile strike on Friday.
Andriy Lysenko, a military spokesman, said fighter jets had struck a rebel base near Perevalsk, north of Donetsk, leaving "about 500" rebel fighters dead and destroying two tanks and 10 armoured vehicles. Further strikes had also destroyed a significant rebel base near Dzerzhinsk.
Rebel representatives denied that they had suffered big losses. "There were no volunteers [rebels] where the Ukrainian aviation was active yesterday," a spokeswoman said.
The Ukrainian president, Petro Poroshenko, had pledged to "find and destroy" the rebels responsible for the missile attack at Zelenopillya, which also injured more than 120 troops.
The EU said Borodai was "responsible for the separatist 'governmental' activities of the so-called 'government of the Donetsk People's Republic'".
The 41-year-old Russian citizen claimed in May that he was a political adviser who helped in Russia's annexation of the Ukrainian peninsula Crimea in March and then moved to eastern Ukraine to help separatists there. He denied any links to Moscow.
Others on the EU blacklist include Alexander Khodakovsky, a defector from the Ukrainian state security service who now commands rebels, and Nikolay Kozitsyn, identified by the EU as another rebel commander.
Kiev has denounced them as terrorists and accused Russia of backing the rebellion in east Ukraine, where hundreds have died in clashes between rebels and government forces.
The additional names take the number of people under EU sanctions to 72, as well as two energy companies in Crimea.
When the sanctions were announced last week, Russia said they would damage ties with Europe.
The EU trade chief, Karel de Gucht, held talks with Russian and Ukrainian officials in Brussels on Friday and told Moscow the sanctions were not intended to damage the Russian economy.
European leaders said late last month that the EU would consider imposing more sanctions on Moscow unless pro-Russian rebels stopped their action in eastern Ukraine and began negotiations on implementing Poroshenko's peace plan.
The president's militant language convinced some residents of Donetsk – the new home to a flood of gunmen who have been abandoning surrounding cities since last weekend – that their city was about to be bombed. Almost 550 people have been killed in the conflict that erupted three months ago and has sparked the biggest east-west crisis since the cold war.
Redbox's DVD rental kiosks are attracting movie lovers fed up with Netflix's video subscription service. But now Redbox's owner, Coinstar Inc., is risking its own customer backlash by raising its prices, the same move that triggered Netflix's recent loss of 800,000 U.S. subscribers.
The plot twist emerged Thursday in Coinstar's latest quarterly report. The company's earnings nearly doubled, largely because of robust growth at Redbox's more than 34,000 rental kiosks.
But the strong performance was upstaged by Redbox's decision to raise prices for standard DVDs by 20 percent beginning Monday.
The new rental rate will be $1.20 per day, instead of the current $1 daily rate. Redbox prices will remain unchanged for Blu-ray discs at $1.50 per day and video games at $2 per day.
Redbox's change isn't as jarring as what Netflix did last month, when it hiked prices as much as 60 percent and then irked subscribers even more by announcing a now-aborted plan to split its DVD rentals from its Internet video streaming service.
But it spooked investors, especially because Redbox appears to be picking up customers still stewing over the higher prices at Netflix. Coinstar's shares plunged 10 percent in Thursday's extended trading.
Unlike Netflix, Redbox tested the price increases in several cities during the past year to see how they would change rental patterns. Management concluded there only would be a slight drop-off in DVD rentals.
"We didn't take this lightly," Coinstar CEO Paul Davis said in a Thursday interview with The Associated Press.
Coinstar, which is based in Bellevue, Wash., is charging more to help offset higher expenses for DVDs and processing debit card transactions.
Netflix raised its prices in hopes of generating more revenue to license more movies and TV shows for streaming over high-speed Internet connections. The plan backfired, though, leaving Netflix on track to start losing money next year as it tries to repair a badly damaged brand.
Coinstar Inc. earned $37.1 million, or $1.18 per share, in the three months that ended in September. That compared with $19.5 million, or 60 cents per share, at the same time last year.
The results for the latest quarter blew by the average estimate of 88 cents per share among analysts surveyed by FactSet.
The company's revenue rose 22 percent from last year to $466 million, about $3 million above analyst projections. The Redbox kiosks were Coinstar's main attraction; revenue in the rental division climbed 28 percent in the quarter to $390 million.
Although Davis said the company couldn't know for certain, it appeared Netflix's customers losses are turning into Redbox's gains.
As an indication that more people may have been renting from Redbox for the first time, Davis told The Associated Press that the number of unique credit cards used at the kiosks in July through September increased by 8 percent from the previous quarter.
By Coinstar's reckoning, Redbox surpassed the market share of Netflix's DVD-by-mail service for the first time during the third quarter. Coinstar said it ended September with a U.S. market share of nearly 35 percent compared to 33 percent for Netflix and other DVD-by-mail services. A year ago, Coinstar pegged its market share at 24 percent with Netflix and other DVD-by-mail services at nearly 36 percent.
Netflix expects the shift to continue as it focuses more on its video streaming service. Netflix predicted it may end December with 10.3 million DVD subscribers, down 25 percent, or 3.6 million, from the end of September.
"We always try to roll out the red carpet for customers who may feel disenfranchised," Davis said during an interview with the AP.
With another potential influx of former Netflix subscribers looming, Coinstar expects its revenue to rise as high as $510 million in the fourth quarter. But the company doesn't expect to make as much money in the holiday season as it did in the third quarter because a slew of year-end DVD releases of popular movies will drive up its expenses. Coinstar predicted its fourth-quarter earnings will range from 57 cents per share to 67 cents per share.
Analysts had projected fourth-quarter earnings of 78 cents per share on revenue of $483 million.
Coinstar's shares fell $5.30 to $47.65 in extended trading after the results were released. If the sell-off holds in Friday's regular trading, it will wipe out most of the gains Coinstar's stock has made since Netflix raised its prices.
The virus behind cold sores is a major cause of the insoluble protein plaques found in the brains of Alzheimer's disease sufferers, University of Manchester researchers have revealed.
They believe the herpes simplex virus is a significant factor in developing the debilitating disease and could be treated by antiviral agents such as acyclovir, which is already used to treat cold sores and other diseases caused by the herpes virus. Another future possibility is vaccination against the virus to prevent the development of the disease in the first place.
Alzheimer's disease (AD) is characterised by progressive memory loss and severe cognitive impairment. It affects over 20 million people world-wide, and the numbers will rise with increasing longevity. However, despite enormous investment into research on the characteristic abnormalities of AD brain - amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles - the underlying causes are unknown and current treatments are ineffectual.
Professor Ruth Itzhaki and her team at the University's Faculty of Life Sciences have investigated the role of herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV1) in AD, publishing their very recent, highly significant findings in the Journal of Pathology.
Most people are infected with this virus, which then remains life-long in the peripheral nervous system, and in 20-40% of those infected it causes cold sores. Evidence of a viral role in AD would point to the use of antiviral agents to stop progression of the disease.
The team discovered that the HSV1 DNA is located very specifically in amyloid plaques: 90% of plaques in Alzheimer's disease sufferers' brains contain HSV1 DNA, and most of the viral DNA is located within amyloid plaques. The team had previously shown that HSV1 infection of nerve-type cells induces deposition of the main component, beta amyloid, of amyloid plaques. Together, these findings strongly implicate HSV1 as a major factor in the formation of amyloid deposits and plaques, abnormalities thought by many in the field to be major contributors to Alzheimer's disease.
The team had discovered much earlier that the virus is present in brains of many elderly people and that in those people with a specific genetic factor, there is a high risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.
The team's data strongly suggest that HSV1 has a major role in Alzheimer's disease and point to the usage of antiviral agents for treating the disease, and in fact in preliminary experiments they have shown that acyclovir reduces the amyloid deposition and reduces also certain other feature of the disease which they have found are caused by HSV1 infection.
Professor Itzhaki explains: "We suggest that HSV1 enters the brain in the elderly as their immune systems decline and then establishes a dormant infection from which it is repeatedly activated by events such as stress, immunosuppression, and various infections.
"The ensuing active HSV1 infection causes severe damage in brain cells, most of which die and then disintegrate, thereby releasing amyloid aggregates which develop into amyloid plaques after other components of dying cells are deposited on them."
Her colleague Dr Matthew Wozniak adds: "Antiviral agents would inhibit the harmful consequences of HSV1 action; in other words, inhibit a likely major cause of the disease irrespective of the actual damaging processes involved, whereas current treatments at best merely inhibit some of the symptoms of the disease."
The team now hopes to obtain funding in order to take their work further, enabling them to investigate in detail the effect of antiviral agents on the Alzheimer's disease-associated changes that occur during HSV1 infection, as well as the nature of the processes and the role of the genetic factor. They very much hope also that clinical trials will be set up to test the effect of antiviral agents on Alzheimer's disease patients.
You may have a string of prestigious degrees and years of experience in Canada, but potential employers may never get that far into your résumé if your name sounds foreign, a new study has found.
An underlying reason appears to be subconscious discrimination, the researchers suggest.
"What we think is happening is recruiters have to go through piles of résumés very quickly. If they see an unfamiliar name, they may get an initial first reaction that they have concerns about whether the person has the social and language skills the job requires," said Philip Oreopoulos, assistant professor of economics at the University of Toronto and co-author of the study.
Story continues below advertisement
Even if the résumé clearly addresses such concerns of hiring managers, "sometimes they can't shake that first reaction," he said. "And that can be the difference in deciding not to contact that very qualified person for an interview."
It's an underlying reason for a common complaint from immigrants to Canada that they never hear back from prospective employers, even when they are applying for jobs that precisely match their expertise. In fact, the results suggest that a foreign-sounding name alone can put even Canadian-raised and educated job applicants out of the running for a job, Dr. Oreopoulos said.
The study (titled "Why do some employers prefer to interview Matthew, but not Samir?") found that English-speaking employers in Montreal, Toronto and Vancouver – who should have an awareness of the diversity of talent in the work force, given their city's multicultural populations – are about 40 per cent more likely to choose to interview a job applicant with an English-sounding name than someone with an ethnic name, even if both candidates have identical education, skills and work histories.
The researchers sent out more than 7,000 hypothetical résumés to hiring managers at companies in the three cities that had advertised jobs requiring that applicants have a bachelor's degree and fluency in English. The positions covered a number of professional fields.
For 25 per cent of the résumés, the fictitious applicants were given English-sounding names such as Carrie Martin and Greg Johnson, with relevant Canadian undergraduate degrees and Canadian experience at three previous jobs.
The researchers found that those applications were 35 per cent to 40 per cent more likely to be contacted by employers than the second 25 per cent of the résumés which were identical, except that the supposed applicants had Chinese-, Indian- or Greek-sounding names.
An additional quarter of the résumés had Chinese- or Indian-sounding names, equivalent international degrees and the same level of Canadian experience. Their call back rate was a further 10 per cent lower.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The final group of résumés had Chinese- or Indian-sounding names, international education and foreign experience – and drew few responses from potential employers. The results were similar in all three cities in the study.
The researchers then went on to try to find out why hiring managers might be biased against applications from candidates with ethnic-sounding names.
The managers were contacted and asked about why ethnic-sounding names might be a reason to not follow up on a qualified candidate's application. Dr. Oreopoulos said it was very difficult to get recruiters to talk about their own potential discrimination, so the researchers asked participants to suggest reasons why other hiring managers might be more likely to choose people with English-sounding names for interviews.
Even though the researchers pointed out to the recruiters that all the applicants had relevant education and experience and ability in English, "the respondents tended to jump to the conclusion that those with the ethnic names were immigrants," Dr. Oreopoulos said. Many respondents implied that would raise questions about whether the person had the social and communications skills to be successful in the job, he said.
It's a dilemma with no easy solutions for job applicants, Dr. Oreopoulos said. "You could change your name, but your name is a significant part of your identity. I definitely wouldn't recommend changing your name to get a higher chance of getting a job," he said.
He suggested one tactic might be for a job seeker to put his or her name in a smaller type size or in a less visible location on the résumé, while playing up language skills and other necessary experience..
Story continues below advertisement
Another approach would be to take advantage of the trend toward video résumés, which can make it clear that you have the language and presentation skills to do the job, he added.
As for employers, he suggested that one way to reduce potential bias among hiring managers would be to specifically ask for résumés that mask the applicant's name, similar to what is done for orchestra rehearsals in which the musicians play for the vetting committee behind a screen.
For example, in a job application the name and contact information could be on a separate sheet at the back of the résumé rather than on the cover page, he suggested.
Ultimately, "I think the onus is much more on employers to be aware of their potential bias and look beyond names, so they take advantage of the quality and experience of the best candidates," Dr. Oreopoulos said.
"If our theory is correct, it's in the employers interest. If it is subconscious, then employers are missing out on good candidates."
The research was published as a working paper for the federally financed diversity research agency Metropolis British Columbia. It was co-authored by University of Toronto doctoral candidate Diane Dechief and edited by a team from the faculties of Simon Fraser University and the University of British Columbia.
Story continues below advertisement
HR MANAGERS' RESPONSES
The researchers found that human resource managers were reluctant to talk about their own potential discrimination, so instead they were asked to suggest why others might give short shrift to a résumé from a job applicant with a foreign-sounding name. Among the replies from 33 hiring managers:
"Foreign sounding names may be overlooked due to a perception that their English language skills may be insufficient on the job."
"When you're calling someone with an English-sounding name, you know what you're getting into. You know you can call Bob Smith and can talk to him as quickly as you want to ..."
"I personally am guilty of gravitating toward Anglo names on résumés, and I believe that it's a very human condition – [a result of]resistance to change."
"... It's difficult to imagine hiring someone with a long first name, as it might be impractical in terms of answering the phone and saying it. People with easy-to-use shorter names are easier to hire and work with."
Story continues below advertisement
"I'm down to about seven seconds to vet a résumé ... I do realize how unfair the whole process is."
Why May will extend
Two big news developments took place in parallel last night, both of which require debunking. We are covering Labour's shift to a second referendum in the story below, and focusing here on the threat by 15 ministers to resign unless Theresa May backs an extension of Article 50. In fact, only three ministers made the threat explicitly - in a newspaper article. A total of 15 ministers are said to be ready to resign tomorrow so that they can vote in favour of the Cooper amendment.
For us the more important bit of the story is the accompanying promise that they won't resign and won't vote for the Cooper amendment if May herself accepts an extension. We think this is very likely to happen, possibly today after a high-noon style cabinet meeting. But, crucially, May will insist that ministers and MPs back her version of a Brexit delay as opposed to the Cooper amendment which raises troubling political and constitutional issues. As we wrote on Friday, a government hell-bent on frustrating the Cooper amendment has the means to do so.
We would not rule out that May could choose to support a rival amendment, by Tory backbencher Simon Hart, who requests a simple two-month extension if the meaningful vote is not passed. Unlike Cooper, this amendment leaves the control of the process with the government. It is a political instruction, not a legal one.
May is almost certain to reiterate her warning that a delay does not resolve the issue, and that MPs must make up their mind about what they want. It is interesting that MPs and some commentators get very fogged about three different concepts:
Brexit outcomes: ratification of withdrawal agreement, no-deal, unilateral revocation. The three are mutually exclusive and cover all possibilities.
Brexit timeframes: leave on March 29, short extensions, long extension.
Brexit decision processes: forging a new consensus on the future relationship, a second referendum, general election.
Here is what we expect to happen. In the cabinet meeting today May will make it clear to pro-Brexit ministers and MPs that the withdrawal agreement, once the legal guarantee is added, will be final. If the deal is rejected, she will accept an extension - on her terms - accompanied with a process to find a parliamentary consensus on a new future relationship.
An extension is an easy commitment for her to make. Even if her secret preference were a no-deal over a deal with an alternative version of a future relationship, it would be a mistake to force a no-deal Brexit on March 29 for two reasons. The first is that the Easter holiday season starts on exactly the same day. It would be the worst conceivable moment for a border crisis at ports and airports. For once we agree with Donald Tusk when he said that extension was the rational thing to do.
Several Hollywood figures jumped to weigh in Saturday morning after Donald Trump and Mike Pence supporters called for a boycott of the Broadway musical “Hamilton” in defense of the vice president-elect.
Pence attended the musical Friday night. There he was booed by the audience, and addressed directly by the cast at the end of the show. Trump tweeted Saturday morning demanding that the cast apologize to Pence who, he wrote, was “harassed.”
The account @TheGOPReport summarized the call in a tweet that reads, “Completely inappropriate for the cast of #Hamilton to address Mike Pence like this. Not the time or the place. Time to #BoycottHamilton.”
https://twitter.com/TheGOPReport/status/799964435376906240?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
Some, like “Westworld” actor Jeffrey Wright, pointed out that “Hamilton” tickets are very difficult to get.
“#BoycottHamilton? Good luck with that. Tickets are already sold-out past President-elect Troll's impeachment,” he wrote.
#BoycottHamilton? Good luck with that. Tickets are already sold-out past President-elect Troll's impeachment. — Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) November 19, 2016
“Omg #boycotthamilton is a thing. As if it's not sold out for the next two years,” wrote Michelle Visage, a member of the “RuPaul's Drag Race” judging panel.
Omg #boycotthamilton is a thing. As if it's not sold out for the next two years — michelle visage (@michellevisage) November 19, 2016
Others, like comedian Patton Oswalt, joked that the movement might be an opportunity to score a ticket.
“You know what? I support #BoycottHamilton,” he wrote. “I hope it intensifies — especially during the first week of March, maybe that Sunday matinee?”
Related Donald Trump Supporters Call for ‘Hamilton' Boycott in Defense of Mike Pence
You know what? I support #BoycottHamilton. I hope it intensifies — especially during the first week of March, maybe that Sunday matinee? — Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) November 19, 2016
Jillian Michaels tweeted, “For everyone who is going to #BoycottHamilton my family, friends, & I will fall on the sword & take your tickets. #wegotyou”
For everyone who is going to #BoycottHamilton my family, friends, & I will fall on the sword & take your tickets. #wegotyou — Jillian Michaels (@JillianMichaels) November 19, 2016
Still others, like comedian Matt Braunger, compared the movement to others that have backfired.
“Ok, #BoycottHamilton, a sold out show, and protest at Starbucks by buying Starbucks. You guys bristle at accusations of being stupid, but…” he wrote.
Ok, #BoycottHamilton, a sold out show, and protest at Starbucks by buying Starbucks. You guys bristle at accusations of being stupid, but… — Matt Braunger (@Braunger) November 19, 2016
“Teen Wolf” star Charlie Carver wrote, “If #boycotthamilton goes anything like the @Starbucks ‘boycott', I think Hamilton can expect a lot of ticket sales 😂”
If #boycotthamilton goes anything like the @Starbucks "boycott", I think Hamilton can expect a lot of ticket sales 😂https://t.co/poHCo5xQnp — Charlie Carver (@Charlie_Carver) November 19, 2016
Carver also tweeted at “Hamilton” creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, Hey @Lin_Manuel – what was the name of that musical about the fraudulent for-profit “university”? Oh, right. They called it #boycotthamilton.”
Hey @Lin_Manuel – what was the name of that musical about the fraudulent for-profit "university"? Oh, right. They called it #boycotthamilton — Charlie Carver (@Charlie_Carver) November 19, 2016
John Legend chimed in, “If #boycotthamilton goes like #boycottbeyonce I'm gonna start #boycottjohnlegend. S— seems lucrative.”
Great news for fans of Downtown's Grand Central Market: One of their most tenured vendors returns this week following a months-long overhaul. The beloved China Cafe is one of the most trafficked stalls in all the GCM land (even after all these years) thanks to their prominent location, friendly staff, and that famous wonton soup.
Now you can get said wonton soup for absolutely free on Friday only, if you're willing to line up and wait. To celebrate the stall's fresh new look and ultimate reopening, owners Rinco and Susie Cheung and Jie Li are handing out free bowls to the first 100 people in line, starting at 11 a.m.
That 100 number isn't just nice and round, either — it's entirely on purpose. The whole Grand Central Market facility this year celebrates a full century of serving Downtown, and the team behind the market has loads of other fun stuff in store. For this week though it's all about China Cafe, which has been operational at the same site since the 1950s, and hopes for many more decades to come.
One Sunday morning when I was 13, I asked my mother if I could join her working childcare at our church (mostly to avoid sitting through another mind-numbing, guilt-inducing service). She let me come and help. There, I learned the nuances of the toddler room: How to hold babies and power up the bubble-blowing machine if several kids were crying at the same time, and that men weren't allowed to change diapers—a sexist rule, but one with which I was happy to comply.
Over the next few weeks, I gained a reputation. When a parent dropped off a fussy child, my mother or one of the other women would say, “Just give him to Michael.” I had the patience to sit with each one and rock them until they became interested in something, forgetting all about mom's abandonment. Occasionally, babies would simply fall asleep in my arms thanks to the combination of my unnatural physical warmth and my calm, comforting disposition.
Those mornings spent holding babies and encouraging toddlers to press buttons on a Sesame Street toy evolved into my career, my life, and my purpose.
Yes, I'm a manny.
I'm also a big kid in some ways, so being compensated for playing football in the park, watching Pixar movies, and debating Batman villains sounded incredible.
Being a male nanny wasn't exactly my original intention. After college I sought a job in film, television, publishing, or theatre, sending resumes into what felt like an abyss. Struggling to make any progress, I met with a friend to talk over our resumes. She was working as a nanny while applying to grad schools. Thinking back on my experiences in the toddler room with my mother, I thought I could give nannying the ol' (post-)college try. In swift, miraculous succession, my friend referred me to a family, I interviewed to be their afterschool sitter, and started the job the following Monday.
The more I thought about it, the more I realized that working with kids made sense for me. Not only did I have the patience and body heat, but I'm also a big kid in some ways, so being compensated for playing football in the park, watching Pixar movies, and debating Batman villains sounded incredible.
That first job was with twin 5-year-old boys. We bonded over baseball statistics, Pokémon, and string cheese. I enjoyed the job and the perks it provided: Weekend mannying in the Hamptons, free food, and, since my workday began after the twins' school day ended, never having to set an alarm clock.
I decided to take on a second childcare gig in the mornings to complement the arrangement with the twins. Again, I quickly found a great family who needed someone to watch their sons Robert and Logan.
My days became an epic journey through the trials of being a childcare provider. I left my Brooklyn apartment around 6:30 am for the morning job. After a half-day with Robert and Logan on the Upper West Side, I headed downtown in the afternoon to pick up the twins. After putting them to bed, I'd wait until their parents made it home (at whatever unpredictable time), some nights as late as 11 pm.
When I first became a manny, I consciously decided to be strict...: Rules, punishments and rewards, and the clear presence of adult authority.
The combination of early mornings and late nights took its toll. As I became increasingly exhausted, I lost the energy to deal with the boys' when they acted out. The toddlers would fuss over breakfast, the twins would evade homework, and my fuse got shorter and shorter.
When I first became a manny, I consciously decided to be strict, utilizing the same traditional parenting methods my mother and father used to raise me: Rules, punishments and rewards, and the clear presence of adult authority. As I tightened the reins in response to their defiance, the kids just yanked on them harder. Robert refused to get dressed. Logan demolished his brother's magna-tile building. The twins prodded eachother with newly-learned curse words. I punished. I lectured. I imposed, “Because I said so!” more times than I care to admit.
When I started, I expected children to misbehave from time to time, so I excused their behavior as typical and my reactions as necessary. But because I was so worn out, the daily struggles became unbearable.
Eventually, I came to the conclusion that nothing I was doing was beneficial, efficient, or sustainable—especially when it came to developing capable humans. Not to mention, I was mentally drained. I decided to abandon my preconceived notions of parenting and start fresh. I read books on parenting and child development and experimented with different approaches. As I tried new techniques and improved my skills, I saw the boys' moods stabilizing and their behavior improving.
I discarded the authoritarian structure, practiced clear communication, and emotionally detached myself from the kids' transgressions. But one of the biggest changes was when I stopped trying to control things that simply cannot be controlled, like a child's actions. By ignoring annoying behaviors instead of correcting them, I unburdened myself, which in turn meant that the boys had to find constructive ways to get my attention, thereby improving overall behavior. Unencumbered by stress, I focused more on myself and modeling behavior I wanted to see from them. They quickly responded and started acting, not like kids, but like people—still imaginative and playful, but also mindful and capable.
Once I built a new methodology for how to work with children, I loved being a manny again. I gave the children respect and responsibility, structure and support, independence and input. And their positive responses invigorated me. I loved the analysis of parenting practices and the results I was seeing. I was myself again instead of the person who doles out punishments and decides who's earned dessert.
When I started mannying, I just wanted to play Xbox and have a willing audience for my silly voices. But after refining my craft, I found fulfillment, too.
Working with the boys was no longer work. The homework got done, the apartment was clean, and everyone was in bed when they were supposed to be. Plus, we had a lot more time to play indoor sock-ball golf or rock out to the Beastie Boys. We were growing and learning and developing skills and having a kick-ass time. (Yes, that's an intentional “We.”) When I started mannying, I just wanted to play Xbox and have a willing audience for my silly voices. But after refining my craft, I found fulfillment, too.
Now I get messages from my parents, the people who raised me, asking for advice on how to deal with my niece. My phone is filled with the numbers of neighborhood moms so we can set up playdates for the kids. I regularly have conversations about breastfeeding and potty-training. And when someone asks me what I do, I answer proudly, “I'm a manny.”
Michael Lincoln is a manny in New York City who blogs regularly at The Manny Diary. You can follow him on Twitter @themannydiary.
WallaMe lets you hide messages in real world using augmented reality.
App download link: http://walla.me/download
Here's how the augmented reality engine works.
Every time you shot a picture (a “Wall”) with WallaMe, we collect a target image and its associated extracted data (that is used to recognize the image). Multiple Walls (= images create by WallaMe) can be created, however only one Wall can be active for recognition at any given time. WallaMe uses both geo-mapping and image recognition. If you open the viewer (eye icon), it displays all the pictures/Walls that have been taken in that location. Then, WallaMe analyzes the live camera image and detects the targets (extracted data that is used to recognize the image) stored in its associated target collection.
In the creation phase, if you want to get a good result you have to choose a Wall (a target) that does not change over time: trees, sky, people and animals are not good targets as they move and change. Good targets are paintings, signs, sharp images. Augmented reality viewer works if you're standing in the same place where the picture has been taken. This is the reason why the original shot is always included in the viewer: to “understand” the right position.
App download link: http://walla.me/download
THE Federal Government's anti-terror bill is expected to pass Parliament next week — but one civil libertarian senator fears Australians don't understand the full extent of the impact of the new laws.
The so-called Foreign Fighter's bill was introduced to Parliament last month. It came after Australia's terror threat level was raised to high and the largest anti-terror raids in Australian history were conducted by the Australian Federal Police on September 18.
A bipartisan parliamentary committee last week recommended the bill be passed — but made 36 recommendations last week to water it down.
Liberal Democrat Senator David Leyonhjelm believes it will be hard for people to keep up with the proposed new laws.
So he compiled the following quiz of 10 things about the coming anti-terror landscape, which we have adapted. See how much you know:
1. With regard to the Foreign Fighter's bill:
a) The provisions have clearly been well considered
b) It uses plain language that makes it easy for all to understand
c) There are numerous typographical errors, clearly indicating it was a rush job
2. Having your warrant notification means:
a) Having more forms to fill in
b) Being unsure if your washing machine can be repaired free of charge
c) The Australian Federal Police can break and enter your place and go through your stuff without telling you until at least six months in the future
3. This legislation means if the AFP broke into your house so they could get into the neighbour's property and you told your neighbour later over the garden fence:
a) The AFP would be disappointed but would respect your right to free speech
b) Some federal police officers would never speak to you again
c) You could go to jail
4. If passed, the Foreign Fighter's legislation means next time a journalist report on a burglary they could:
a) Get a promotion
b) Win a Gold Walkley
c) Go to jail for two years
5. If the bill is passed, how will you be able to tell if a burglar entered your home or if it was the AFP?
a) A burglar would be messier
b) The AFP would be wearing uniforms
c) The AFP will send you a letter at some time in the future.
6. If the legislation passes, it will list people as members of terrorist organisations. To be on such a list you would have to be:
a) Part of an organisation full of terrorists
b) Part of an organisation that advocates terrorism
c) Part of an organisation where a few members have promoted violence
7. If you head off for some backpacking but couldn't prove you were overseas for legitimate reasons the proposed laws would mean:
a) The AFP could detain you and ask you uncomfortable questions
b) The AFP could search your house
c) You could go to jail for two years
8. Overseas travel could mean you would have to consult:
a) The Lonely Planet Guide
b) Other experienced backpackers
c) Your lawyer and the foreign minister
9. The Labor Opposition has approached this legislation by:
a) Carefully check for any breaches of civil liberties so that the legislation can be amended
b) Vowing to defend free speech and the rights of journalists
c) Asked Senator Leyonhjelm if they can look at his research
10. Existing powers of our security agencies are insufficient because of reasons explained by Attorney-General George Brandis:
a) In public
b) In private
c) Nowhere
The answer approved by Senator Leyonhjelm in all questions is c).
Senator Ted Cruz said tonight that if illegal immigrants were bankers or lawyers or taking jobs in America's newsrooms, “we would see stories about the economic calamity that is befalling our nation.” Here's his full answer on immigration:
What was said was right, the Democrats are laughing because if Republicans join Democrats as the party of amnesty, we will lose. And you know, I understand that when the mainstream media covers immigration, it doesn't often see it as an economic issue. But I can tell you for millions of Americans at home, watching this, it is a very personal economic issue. And I will say the politics of it would be very, very different if a bunch of lawyers or bankers were crossing the Rio Grande. Or if a bunch of people with journalism degrees were coming over and driving down the wages in the press. Then we would see stories about the economic calamity that is befalling our nation. And I will say for those of us who believe people ought to come to this country legally and we should enforce the law, we're tired of being told, it is anti-immigrant. It's offensive.
I am the son of an immigrant who came legally from Cuba. To seek the American dream. And we can embrace legal immigration while believing in the rule of law. And I would note, try going illegally to another country. Try going to China or Japan. Try to go into Mexico. See what they do. Every sovereign nation secures its borders and it is not compassionate to say we're not going to enforce the laws and we're going to drive down the wages for millions of hard-working men and women. That is abandoning the hard-working men and women.
Singer Charlotte Wessels of Dutch symphonic metallers DELAIN was interviewed by Superskum.com prior to the band's September 14 performance at Bluebird Theater in Denver, Colorado as the support act for KAMELOT. You can now watch the chat below.
DELAIN recently released a special album, "Interlude", via Napalm Records. The effort is described in in a press release as "a fantastic blend of brand-new songs, special versions and mixes of popular DELAIN tracks, covers, and the beautiful single 'Are You Done With Me'. Thanks to the new mix, the well-known anthem shines with a new-found splendor. The album includes a special DVD featuring exclusive live footage and clips from the band's career. 'Interlude' is not only a must for loyal DELAIN fans, but also for those who have not experienced the music by DELAIN so far. It is the perfect introduction to the world of DELAIN and the starting point to an emotional and bombastic journey!"
DELAIN's third full-length studio album, "We Are The Others", was released in North America via the New Jersey-based top-tier progressive metal label Sensory Records. CNR Entertainment handled the release in The Netherlands and Roadrunner Records issued the CD in the rest of Europe.
Edit – December 19, 2018:
Brave has updated to a different UI engine (to full Chromium), and the following tutorial is no longer valid. Please check out the updated Brave tutorials here!
Today, Brave distributed the first batch of free BAT from their User Growth Pool (UGP)! This means that if you have Brave downloaded, you can get 30 BAT tokens for free! Follow the link for instructions on how to claim your free crypto! (Note: If you are not receiving the notification, try turning your Brave Payments in the Preferences on/off a few times).
Edit – Jan 18, 2018: Brave distributed their second round of UGP, totaling over $1 million in BAT!
So I have some BAT. How does Brave Payments work?
In a nutshell, Brave Payments is a way to passively support your favorite websites. Brave will take your visited websites and distribute to them your monthly contributions based on the time spent on each site. To view, go into Brave Preferences > Payments:
Turn on Brave Payments if you haven't already. Monthly Budget – This amount of BAT is what you will set to contribute to your visited websites (if you wish to do so). Since the value of BAT tokens fluctuates on a daily basis, you may see the USD value change periodically. The Green Checkmark signifies that the website is a Verified Brave Publisher. These websites have already registered with Brave and will be aware of your BAT contributions. Basically, these are the peeps that know what's up! Percent Contribution is from the amount of your Monthly Budget that you will give to the website at the end of the month. This is automatically calculated from the amount of time you spend on each site.
Supporting only your Favorite sites
If you choose, you can also override the default contribution allocations by pinning your favorite sites. You'll be able to allocate any amount to donate, anywhere from 1% to 100% (all) of your monthly contributions to individual sites.
Click the Pin to enable a constant contribution each month to your favorite site. Set a custom contribution percent.
Disabling Payments
If there is a specific site or domain that you wish to NOT support, feel free to disable all contributions for that site.
Click the Switch to disable a site from your monthly contributions.
YouTube Channels
If you've visited YouTube recently, you'll notice that the YouTube domain comes up as well as other individual YouTube Channels! I've personally deactivated payments for Youtube.com and have pinned payments for specific YouTubers. Basically, you can think about sending BAT to the YouTubers not only as a way to support them, but also to get their attention and eyes on Brave! They will have to verify their channel in order to redeem their BAT, so sending BAT to channels with large amounts of viewers can be a great way to get the word out!
Individual YouTube channels that you've visited on YouTube.com will show up as individual publishers. Select and Pin your favorite YouTubers to give them a constant monthly contribution!
Future of UGP
The BAT team has mentioned that since this is the very first distribution of the UGP, it will be relatively small compared to future batches. They are still testing it out and trying to find the best way to promote BAT and Brave.
If you have friends and family who aren't using Brave yet, tell them about it and get them some free BAT!
Remember, Subscribe to our newsletter to stay informed on the latest BAT news and updates! If this article was helpful, please consider donating on the side bar up top!
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Despite fatal inadequacies of both UP and Haryana chief ministers, their purpose in BJP is to ensure PM's ‘super man' image stays intact.
Both Yogi Adityanath, chief minister of India's largest state Uttar Pradesh, and ML Khattar, chief minister of Haryana, have several things in common.
Both have zero administrative experience — the price for which is being paid by the blood of little children in UP as the horrific deaths in the BRD hospital continue unabated (61 children died again in the BRD college in the past 72 hours), and Khattar's serial mishandling of three major crises during his tenure, which has led to the death of nearly a 100 people.
The latest being the violence that set Haryana on the edge as 36 people died in the rioting that wrecked the state after Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh was convicted of rape last Friday.
Last year, Khattar had mishandled the Jat quota agitation, which led to 30 deaths in three days as Haryana burnt. Before that, another cult head Rampal had a violent standoff with Haryana police in 2014, when six people died.
The other commonality the two greenhorn administrators share is that they have been anointed to their jobs by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. It is at the insistence of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the Sangh Parivar mothership, that "normalising" the Sangh cadre in top jobs in the government is going on, and that is the reason for imposing Sangh full-timers (pracharaks) at crucial positions, such as CMs.
The RSS has decreed that pracharaks need to be in public life irrespective of the consequences.
I spoke to several BJP and RSS leaders while researching for this piece, and RSS leaders had a steadfast belief that a full-time pracharak could do any political and administrative job with absolute competence. Currently, the country is paying a price for this core belief but, it is an article of faith with the Sangh that cannot be trifled with.
That, along with perhaps the steadfast refusal of the various BJP-led governments to accept any mistakes on their part which would entail a sacking and thereby an admission of incompetence, has saved their jobs.
The RSS, which was shunned and treated like a pariah for many decades since Independence, is now revelling in its ascendancy at the top of the political structure. It has its man in Rashtrapati Bhavan, while the vice president is M Venkaiah Naidu – a former RSS full-timer, who has described Modi as an "avatar of God" and the BJP as his "mother". The sense of arrival will be complete when the last edifice of the Nehruvian structure – the bureaucracy – is made to submit to its cadres.
Similar is the insistence that all foreign dignitaries who come to India pay a ritual visit to the RSS-founded and Ram Madhav-led India Foundation, which is constantly organising seminars and dinners for visiting heads of state. It's completely mandatory for the cabinet to be in attendance and the invitees don't really have the option of saying no. This is also normalising the RSS as part of the diplomatic establishment, in fact putting it at the heart of India's consular outreach.
The process of jobs for these “RSS boys” is ironically an imitation of the earlier establishment created by the Congress, which PM Modi, with his self-professed disdain for "Lutyens' Delhi", has sworn to dismantle. Instead, the Sangh has created its own. So Khattar, despite his serial missteps, will always be safe as the RSS has too much invested into its "project pracharak".
The RSS view dovetails with the Modi-Shah requirements of subordinating the cadre-based BJP to their own larger-than-life image. Lacking any base of his own, Khattar, a first-time MLA, could not have believed in his wildest dreams that he would lead Haryana. For him, Modi and Shah are the last words, in sharp contrast to mass-based full-time politicians in the BJP fold, such as the three-term Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, as well as Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje – both of whom are not nearly so amenable.
The sense of Modi as a superman looming over a dwarfed and diminutive cabinet which feeds into the "Super Modi" narrative is evident in the significant gaps in the Union cabinet. You have the finance minister, Arun Jaitley doubling up as defence minister for months now. Similarly, Naidu's portfolio of information and broadcasting has been assigned to Smriti Irani, who holds the textiles ministry. Dr Harsh Vardhan has been given additional charge of environment, along with science and technology.
While vague whispers of cabinet reshuffle do the rounds and is likely to happen soon to accommodate new allies the BJP is getting, the message that gets across is that Modi does not need anyone. Far from the PM being the first among equals on which our cabinet system is based, PM Modi has no equal. The message is again of the singularity of a man on a mission without unnecessary systems bogging his exceptionalism down.
Modi is now the message and the medium to ensure that BJP wins elections, as was the case in Uttar Pradesh. Yogi Adityanath was sprung on the public after the BJP win. While Modi had talked of good governance, Adityanath stuck to his own agenda and bogus communal narratives, including Romeo squads, love jihad, the debunked Hindu exodus from Kairana, shutting down abattoirs and ensuring heavenly conditions for cows.
After the first tragedy struck Gorakhpur in which more than 50 children died, Adityanath, the incumbent five-term MP from Gorakhpur, wanted "Krishna Janamasthami" celebrated with "pomp and ceremony across governments in UP". He blamed everyone except himself and his government for the death of the little children.
Modi, an MP from Varanasi, kept mum on the tragedy except for an anodyne reference in passing during his Sunday radio show Mann Ki Baat. This, in a state which gave BJP a record haul of 73 out of 80 seats in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, and 325 out of 403 Assembly seats in the state elections held earlier this year.
The only administrative experience that Adityanath has is running his math and his private militia: the Hindu Yuva Vahini (HYV) set up with a proclaimed aim of safeguarding Hindu interests. The HYV had last year petitioned that the cow be declared "rashtra mata" (national mother).
Adityanath's polarising personality, with his track record of serious criminal cases and hate speeches, suits the BJP perfectly for the big fight of 2019, where Shah expects that majoritarian muscle-flexing and disenfranchising the Muslims who constitute 19 percent of UP electorate will result in a record haul of seats as it did in the Assembly elections.
So, it's teflon Yogi till 2019. No accountability, and certainly as in the case of Khattar, no action against him.
Also read: How three judges struck down triple talaq, but upheld Muslim personal law
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
This past month as much of our attention was focused on watching the developing Iran deal, the situation in Israel has taken a deeply troubling turn.
First, a woman wearing a kippa was detained by police. Her only crime: trying to exercise her right to worship at the Kotel, the Western Wall. David Azoulay, the ultra-Orthodox religious services minister from the Shas party, called the largest movement in Judaism, Reform Judaism, “a disaster for the State of Israel.” He then followed up with an even more disturbing diatribe, saying he couldn't even call adherents of Reform Judaism Jewish.
While Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu admonished him publicly for such comments, his government also decided to restore radical Orthodox control of conversion and kashrut in a series of decisions that undid decades of progress toward religious equality. President Reuven Rivlin responded with a constructive symbolic gathering of Jews from diverse streams at his residence in Jerusalem, but even such valiant acts cannot change the effective reality that is now developing. And now, just last week, my students in Jerusalem were horrified to watch as a deranged ultra-Orthodox repeat offender stabbed six peaceful marchers in the annual Jerusalem gay pride parade. This highlights the frightening depths of the problem: extremist ultra-Orthodox fundamentalists are now more emboldened than ever and Israel is increasingly held hostage by a hostile, intolerant approach to Jewish diversity.During past years, I had witnessed hopeful, incremental changes that appeared to be cracks in the ice of Israel's state-sanctioned religious intolerance. I saw increased police protection of the right to pray of the Women of the Wall, held conversations with Knesset members and other officials who were ever so slightly more open to Reform and Conservative Judaism and watched with enthusiasm the sharp rise in the percentage of Israelis who participate in progressive synagogues and marry their partners with the officiation of progressive clergy. I celebrated the growing number of Israelis excited to build the burgeoning Israeli Reform movement.This past November, I was moved when President Rivlin met with the leaders of the Reform movement's global seminary, Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, and declared, “We are one family, and the connection between all Jews, all over the world, is very important to the State of Israel.”But now I am afraid that too many Israelis have forgotten the extraordinary role that Reform Jews played and continue to play in the story of the Zionist movement and the State of Israel. A Reform rabbi and scholar, Judah L. Magnes, immigrated to Jerusalem in 1922, helped found the Hebrew University and served as its first chancellor and president. He built this prestigious institution of higher education into a university that educates Jews, Muslims and Christians in an atmosphere of respect and equality.Rabbi Stephen S. Wise, a close confidant of president Woodrow Wilson, influenced him to support the Balfour Declaration, in which Britain said it favored a Jewish national home in Palestine. In 1947, Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver captured the world's attention as he addressed the United Nations General Assembly and made the case for Jewish statehood just months before the historic UN vote that approved partition and helped establish the State of Israel. Dr. Nelson Glueck established the Israeli campus of Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in 1963 with Ben-Gurion's full support, educating thousands of Reform Jewish leaders in the heart of Jerusalem.Countless Reform Jews founded kibbutzim and other communities, built synagogues and schools, fought in the Israeli army and made aliya to the Jewish state. Millions of other Reform Jews have offered their constant support from afar for over a century.And thousands upon thousands of Israelis now proudly affiliate with the Israeli Reform movement, in congregations that span the length and breadth of the State of Israel.Israel was founded to be a homeland for all Jews. Its 1948 declaration of independence defines it as a state that “will ensure complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion, race or sex,” one that “will guarantee freedom of religion, conscience, language, education and culture.” The government of the Jewish state must always walk a fine line in preserving both its Jewishness and the fundamental freedoms that inhere in any democracy. Granted, this is not simple, especially in a polarized political system where small parties in coalitions can exert undue influence. Nonetheless, what Israel's citizens and friends abroad should expect from any Israeli government is straightforward: vigorous protection of the religious freedom of all its citizens so that they may pray, marry their partners, bury their dead, welcome new adherents, study their traditions and observe their beliefs – with respect and without harassment. When one religious group limits, attacks or abuses another, the government is responsible for intervening to curb such toxic and dangerous activity.These commitments lie at the very core of democracy.The latest studies show that the Israeli Reform and Conservative movements represent approximately 12 percent of the Jewish population of Israel, larger than the ultra-Orthodox population (now at 9%). With more than 45 growing Reform congregations and more than 100 active Reform rabbis around Israel, it is long past time for the government of Israel to secure them the same freedoms guaranteed anyone else living in a democracy.It is ironic, to put it mildly, that Reform and Conservative rabbis enjoy less state recognition in Israel than almost anywhere else in the world.I love the State of Israel and have spent decades working to strengthen its security and democracy. That is what makes me so concerned. At this time of intense international criticism, vitriol and isolation, Israel cannot afford to spurn the millions of ardent, committed Jews worldwide who, consonant with longstanding tenets of our faith, embrace an authentic balance between the demands of tradition and contemporary realities. The State of Israel faces a significant choice right now. It can become a haven for fundamentalists intent on attacking those who disagree, or it can step into a profound role of Jewish leadership as a country that embraces ideological difference as an essential strength. Israel is a leader in technology, education, health care and more. It should now strive to become a leader in religious pluralism – and to embrace Reform Judaism as ardently as Reform Jews embrace Israel.The author is a rabbi and president of the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Two Senate Democrats said Friday they support a decision by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE to forgo a vote on a sweeping Pacific Rim trade agreement this year.
Sens. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) and Jeff Merkley Jeffrey (Jeff) Alan MerkleySenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE (Ore.) applauded McConnell for saying this week that he won't give the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) a vote this year and would instead let the next president overhaul the expansive pact.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sanders called the decision a major victory for progressives, who oppose the TPP and have been calling on Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE to take the lead in the fight to stop a vote during the lame-duck session after the November elections.
"I welcome Majority Leader McConnell's announcement that he will block a vote in the Senate this year on the disastrous, job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership,” Sanders said in a statement.
Sanders, who ran against Clinton for the Democratic nomination, rallied his supporters against the TPP deal during his time on the campaign trail.
Clinton and her Republican rival, Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, are both against the agreement.
Merkley said McConnell made the right decision on the TPP.
"The TPP is a flawed trade deal that fails our workers and is opposed by both major party presidential nominees,” Merkley said in a statement. "Pushing it through at the last minute before a new administration would simply be wrong.”
On Thursday, McConnell said during a breakfast that he won't bring the TPP deal to the Senate floor for a vote this year.
"The current agreement, the Trans-Pacific agreement, which has some serious flaws, will not be acted upon this year," McConnell told the Kentucky State Farm Bureau in Louisville.
"But it will still be around. It can be massaged, changed, worked on during the next administration," he said.
"So, I hope America will stay in the trade business."
President Obama is urging Congress to vote on the 12-nation TPP before he leaves office. But he is facing resistance from a majority of his own party on Capitol Hill as well as from some Republicans who either don't want to hold a late-term vote on the massive pact or are wary of the deal's effects on the U.S. economy.
Sanders argued that Democrats must unify on an anti-TPP message.
“In my view, it is now time for the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate and the House to go on the record in opposition to holding a vote on this job-killing trade deal during the lame-duck session of Congress and beyond,” he said.
The Progressive Change Campaign Committee, another group opposing the TPP, also agreed with McConnell's decision.
“Obama's insistence on a lame-duck vote for the trade deal is creating political complications for Democrats among blue-collar swing voters," said Adam Green, co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee.
"Obama should take note and take the job-killing TPP vote off the table so that Democrats up and down the ballot can't be outflanked by Republicans on this important economic issue," Green said.
Kicking off with the release of the “Santa Claws” update, here's the Steel Division: Normandy 44's Christmas event! Join the community, play the game, and take awesome screenshots to win some great prizes! Here's what we've planned for you!
Screenshot contest: Win a Geforce GTX 1080
Wanna kick 2018 off with a new shiny graphic card?
Take amazing in-game screenshots and share them on Twitter to get a chance to win a nvidia Geforce GTX 1080 video card, as well as exciting Steel Division: Normandy 44 goodies!
From violent tank vs tank encounter to air combat, or peaceful Normandy landscapes, it's time to get creative!
Check all the details on the Steel Division: Normandy 44 Christmas Screenshot Contest on this page. Good luck!
Exclusive Ace: Willy Kretzschmar
Win a 2v2 Attack/Defense Breakthrough scenario between Thursday, December 21st and Tuesday, December 26th Wednesday, January 4th with a friend to grab an exclusive Ace: Willy Kretzschmar and his Panzer IV H (536) tank!
This new ace for the 12. SS-Panzerdivision accounted for 15 Allied tanks during the battles of Normandy, making him a “Triple Ace”. His Panzer IV H is pictured in game with his famous battle damage caused by a a heavy artillery shot.
Willy Kretzschmar will only be available during this event, so you know what you have to do!
“Santa Claws” gameplay update
The Santa Claws Update is now available, and there's something special about this one: it was tested and approved by the community during an open-beta phase. It brings some cool gameplay changes, as well as some long-awaited features:
Gameplay changes:
Vehicles' critical damage repair by supply units.
Remastered damage & critical hit system.
Increased Short/Mid range precision.
Adjusted vehicle offroad speed: this change will affect about 80% of the vehicles in the game (and NOT the Hellcat!).
Features:
Active Pause, the game will now be pausable with the “P” key in Single Player (campaign, skirmish…), while still allowing you to give orders.
Private 2v2 Breakthrough games.
Moddable DLC content for DLC owners.
You can check the entire patchlog right here.
We also have rebooted the ranked leaderboards, all the games will be in “Closer Combat” mode instead of “Conquest”.
We hope you guys will have fun during this event, don't hesitate to let us know what you think in the comments!
Michael De Luca and Stephen L'Heureux have teamed up with author Dmitry Glukhovsky to develop a feature film based on “Metro 2033,” his best­-selling novel that has spawned an 80-­book franchise and two cult video games.
De Luca and Solipsist Film's L'Heureux will produce. The project was brought to them by Eugene Efuni, who is attached as a producer.
“Metro 2033” tells the story of a young man named Artyom who survived World War III by hiding in Moscow's subway system, the world's largest existing nuclear fallout shelter. It's in the maze of tunnels and stations that comprise the famous Moscow Metro that he and others build a new civilization and culture, mimicking the old world now gone.
“My novel and I have been waiting for this to happen for the last 10 years,” said Glukhovsky. “I have previously been extremely careful about handing my ‘baby' over to Hollywood producers for adaption for a feature film, but now I feel that it has landed in the right hands. De Luca and L'Heureux have a great vision for this project, and I feel it's an honor to work with them.”
Glukhovsky is repped by Intellectual Property Group.
When are the games?
With free agency already in full swing, Indiana's Summer League team headed by Popeye Jones and assisted by Sydney Kings coach Andrew Gaze will open its four-game slate on Saturday, July 1 at 1:00 PM against the Orlando Magic. All games will be televised on NBA-TV. The rest of the schedule is as follows:
Who's playing?
Myles Turner obviously won't be, but he does plan to be in attendance to watch one of his team's new rookies, three current teammates, three members of the 2016-17 Mad Ants, a senior from Southern Methodist University who Kevin O'Connor of The Ringer pegged as “fitting the mold” of a successful undrafted player, one player coached by old friend Sarunas Jasikevicius, and a slew of other names looking to find a landing spot with a prospective team.
What's worth keeping a lookout for?
In the field of fifteen, four names stand out as players to keep a watchful eye on:
Joe Young: It's evident after two seasons that the recently turned 25-year-old would be better utilized as a stop-release than a shot-creating point guard. Though moving him off-ball doesn't exactly jibe with the emphasis Kevin Pritchard placed on “size for position” while making the media rounds last month, expect the Pacers to make this switch.
Young only shot 21.7 percent from three last season (0.7 attempts per game), but the distance didn't seem to bother him as much as his lack of touches. The fact that he shot 63.6 percent (3.7 attempts) during his three-game stint with the Mad Ants as a rookie seems to bear this out. Unfortunately, getting plenty of shots in Orlando probably won't shed much light on how he would fare next season trying to find his in-game rhythm on a more consistent basis presumably as the bench's fifth-option.
Joe Young's contract has a $1.4 million team option for the 2017-18 season.
For More: Joe Young isn't so young anymore
Rakeem Christmas: It's unclear what role the 25-year-old non-shooting, small-ball center in a 6-foot-9 power forward's body can consistently play for the Indiana Pacers beyond providing emergency depth. He runs the floor hard and isn't afraid to scrap on the offensive glass, but he remains foul prone, struggles to finish against more imposing frames in the restricted area (48.5%) and lacks range (0-of-5 from mid-range).
However, if he can show that he is better able to full-out switch on the perimeter against guards in Orlando, then maybe using his speed to sort of reverse space the floor in ultra-small lineups would be an interesting wrinkle for the Pacers when Kevin Seraphin's bulkier physique prevents him from recovering to stretch-shooting fives.
On that note, take this for what it's worth: Christmas is currently working with the same trainer who helped Glenn Robinson III hone his skills ahead of Summer League last offseason. The undersized center is going to need to make a comparably noticeable leap with Ike Anigbogu's similar high-energy and offensively raw game soon to be waiting in the wings.
Rakeem's $1.4 million salary for the the 2017-18 season becomes fully guaranteed if he isn't waived on or before August 1.
For More: Rakeem Christmas is tough to figure
Georges Niang: Like Christmas, the high-IQ, athletically challenged power fauxward's long-term place with the Pacers also may depend upon his ability to distinguish himself from an incoming rookie.
Outside of shortening the rotation, Niang's modest ability to add some space to the floor (35 percent on 5.5 attempts per game with the Fort Wayne Mad Ants) as well as contest spot-up attempts and hedge against the pick and roll was really the team's only option to avoid the dreaded double-plodder lineups last season. Nevertheless, he really wasn't ever given even a cursory look, especially considering that head coach Nate McMillan only played him more than seven minutes once while Paul George and C.J. Miles were sidelined simultaneously early in the year.
Carving out a fringe role is probably only going to be tougher now with competition from T.J. Leaf at his position. Without having earned regular minutes somewhere last season, the 23-year-old is stuck on the carousel of needing to demonstrate that his San Antonio-esque pass-first mentality can grease the wheels of a system built upon toughness and high-energy flyers rather than put a wrench in it.
Niang's $1.3 million salary for the 2017-18 season becomes fully guaranteed if he isn't waived on or before either July 1 or July 15 (conflicting information).
For More: Georges Niang wasn't given a chance
T.J. Leaf: It's been well-documented that the 20-year-old needs to add strength to his narrow frame, so don't be surprised if he gets bullied by bigger bodies on the glass or while making his way to the basket. However, with that particular caveat aside, showing flashes of greater willingness to absorb some of that contact would be a positive sign for his versatility. Arguably more key than his toughness in a game of zero-consequence, though, will be whether the prospective stretch-four's shot appears capable of making a relatively seamless adjustment to the deeper distance of the league's three-point line.
For More: Pacers draft T.J. leaf with 18th pick
What about the rest of the field?
Don't forget about the advent of two-way contracts. If there's someone Indiana really likes and there's mutual interest, it's possible that player could earn a training camp invitation and then end up sliding back and forth between the Mad Ants and the Pacers with one of the team's 16th and 17th roster spots.
Links:
The NBA Draft Sleeper's New Awakening — The Ringer
Draft Workout: Naz Long — Pacers.com
Jarnell Stokes looking to find perfect fit in NBA — Basketball Insiders
What's Bruin: Bryce Alford and Isaac Hamilton join NBA Summer League teams — SB Nation's Bruin Nation
Augusto Lima expected to join Indiana Pacers in Summer League — Sportando
Jordan Loyd will play for the Indiana Pacers during Summer League — 8 points, 9 seconds
McKinney Jones' dunks lead Mad Ants to win — The Journal Gazette
Mad Ants' Travis Leslie moves up NBADL Prospect Watch List — 8 points, 9 seconds
Josh Magette to play for Pacers and Hawks in NBA Summer League — Ridiculous Upside
20 Galleries: Investigation into death of 12-year-old N.J. girl
CLAYTON — Police are questioning two residents who live in the East Clayton Avenue house next door to where Autumn Pasquale's body was found Monday night, a law enforcement source tells the South Jersey Times.
The 12-year-old's body was found stuffed in a blue recycling container in front of an abandoned and closed-up house next to where the residents live, according to sources close to the investigation.
No arrests have been made, according to Gloucester County Prosecutor Sean Dalton.
Dalton would not call the death a homicide, and said there were no suspects, the Associated Press reported.
&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;
Neighbors and onlookers gasped as investigators pulled a white BMX bicycle similar to the one identified as Autumn Pasquale's from a house next door to where the 12-year-old Clayton girl was discovered dead Monday night.
Tax records show the house where the bike was found, 312 East Clayton Avenue, is owned by Anita Robinson.
Neighbors, many who have lived in the neighborhood their whole lives, said Autumn's death was by far the most shocking crime in recent memory.
"It seems so surreal," said Carol McConnell, 65, who attended a vigil for the girl last night. "Times like this you try to be with the family and try to love every moment you have with yours."
Victoria Whartenby, 12, said she was close friends with Autumn, who she described as outgoing and athletic.
"She did like to ride her bike a lot," Whartenby said. "She wasn't a girly girl, she was definitely a tomboy."
Whartenby, who wiped tears away with her sweatshirt said Autumn was always cheerful.
"She was always happy. She used to go to the skate park a lot," she said.
"She was just a beautiful young girl," said Rita St. John, whose grandson, RJ Doughty was a close friend of Autumn's. "She rode a bicycle. She rode skateboards. She was an A student. She had friends. She had everything to live for."
She described the Pasquale family as devout Catholics and "total innocents."
She said her grandson was one of Autumn's closest friends, and was among a tight-knit group of kids that have gone through school together since preschool.
"My grandson and his friends, they are good kids. RJ is very upset. All the kids in that class are very upset," she said.
Authorities have not yet released details about the case that everyone is clamoring for, such as cause and time of death.
"This is a very sad day for the Pasquale family," said Gloucester County Prosecutor Sean Dalton, whose office led the search with the assistance of nearly 20 other law enforcement agencies. "Our hearts go out to the family and to all the residents of Clayton who stood together in support of this young girl."
The girl's body was discovered at about 10 p.m. Monday, but news of the discovery wasn't released until just before 2 a.m. Tuesday.
During an impromptu press conference outside the First Presbyterian Church on Delsea Drive, Autumn's uncle Paul Spadafore addressed the crowd.
25 Galleries: Candlelight vigil held for missing 12-year-old Autumn Pasquale, Oct. 22, 2012
"We are all distraught, we (the family) all just spoke and said out of evil will come goodness," Spadafore said. "And there is evil everywhere, even in the small town of Clayton."
Spadafore called Autumn a "precious, precious child."
"Our little angel Autumn has reached out to the world in a special way."
The Clayton Middle School student was last seen around 1:30 p.m. on Saturday afternoon. She left her home on her white Odyssey BMX bike headed for a friend's house. She was expected home at 8 p.m.
When family members hadn't heard from her by 9:30 p.m., they alerted the local authorities.
“It was typical for her to check in,” Spadafora said.
By Saturday night, about 50 local police officers from Clayton and across Gloucester County began the search for the missing girl. The search continued Sunday and by Monday morning more than 200 local, county and state officials from 18 different agencies including the FBI had joined up in the search, deploying officers on horses and with police dogs, as well as a state police helicopter.
Star-Ledger staff writers Christopher Baxter and David Giambusso contributed to this report.
Contact the South Jersey Times at 856-845-3300 or at news@southjerseymedia.com
History Edit
Notable jumps Edit
Comparison with skydiving Edit
BASE jumping from an antenna tower Istanbul BASE jumping from Sapphire Tower BASE jumping grew out of skydiving. BASE jumps are generally made from much lower altitudes than skydives, and a BASE jump takes place close to the object serving as the jump platform. Because BASE jumps generally entail slower airspeeds than typical skydives (due to the limited altitude), a BASE jumper does not always reach terminal velocity. Because higher airspeeds enable jumpers more aerodynamic control of their bodies, as well as more positive and quick parachute openings, the longer the delay, the better. BASE jumping is significantly more dangerous than similar sports such as skydiving from aircraft.[3] Skydivers use the air flow to stabilize their position, allowing the parachute to deploy cleanly. BASE jumpers, falling at lower speeds, have less aerodynamic control, and may tumble. The attitude of the body at the moment of jumping determines the stability of flight in the first few seconds, before sufficient airspeed has built up to enable aerodynamic stability. On low BASE jumps, parachute deployment takes place during this early phase of flight, so if a poor "launch" leads into a tumble, the jumper may not be able to correct this before the opening. If the parachute is deployed while the jumper is tumbling, there is a high risk of entanglement or malfunction. The jumper may also not be facing the right direction. Such an off-heading opening is not as problematic in skydiving, but an off-heading opening that results in object strike has caused many serious injuries and deaths in BASE jumping. At an altitude of 600 metres (2,000 ft), having been in free-fall for at least 300 metres (980 ft), a skydiver is falling at approximately 55 metres per second (120 mph), and is approximately 10.9 seconds from the ground. Most BASE jumps are made from less than 600 metres (2,000 ft). For example, a BASE jump from 150 metres (490 ft) object is about 5.6 seconds from the ground if the jumper remains in free fall. On a BASE jump, the parachute must open at about half the airspeed of a similar skydive, and more quickly (in a shorter distance fallen). Standard skydiving parachute systems are not designed for this situation, so BASE jumpers often use specially designed harnesses and parachute containers, with extra large pilot chutes, and many jump with only one parachute, since there would be little time to utilize a reserve parachute. In the early days of BASE jumping, people used modified skydiving gear, such as by removing the deployment bag and slider, stowing the lines in a tail pocket, and fitting a large pilot chute. However, modified skydiving gear is then prone to kinds of malfunction that are rare in normal skydiving (such as "line-overs" and broken lines). Modern purpose-built BASE jumping equipment is considered to be much safer and more reliable. Another risk is that most BASE jumping venues have very small areas in which to land. A beginner skydiver, after parachute deployment, may have a three-minute or more parachute ride to the ground. A BASE jump from 150 metres (490 ft) will have a parachute ride of only 10 to 15 seconds. One way to make a parachute open very quickly is to use a static line or direct bag. These devices form an attachment between the parachute and the jump platform, which stretches out the parachute and suspension lines as the jumper falls, before separating and allowing the parachute to inflate. This method enables the very lowest jumps—below 60 metres (200 ft)—to be made, although most BASE jumpers are more motivated to make higher jumps involving free fall. This method is similar to the paratrooper's deployment system, also called a PCA (short for pilot chute assist).
Legality Edit
Fatalities Edit
A study of BASE jumping fatalities estimated that the overall annual fatality risk during the year 2002 was one fatality per 60 participants.[47] A study of 20,850 BASE jumps from the same site (the Kjerag Massif in Norway) reported nine fatalities over the 11-year period from 1995 to 2005, or one in every 2,317 jumps.[48][49] However, at that site, one in every 254 jumps over that period resulted in a nonfatal accident.[48] BASE jumping is one of the most dangerous recreational activities in the world, with a fatality and injury rate 43 times higher than parachuting from a plane.[48][49] As of 14 October 2017 , the BASE Fatality List maintained by Blincmagazine.com records 328 deaths for BASE jumping since April 1981.[50] 2015-07-21: American BASE jumper Ian Flanders dies in Kemaliye, Turkey, after his parachute became tangled in his feet, causing him to fall into the Karasu river at high speed. The jump was broadcast live on a local television station. [51]
2017-11-11: Russian BASE jumper Valery Rozov dies whilst base jumping from a 22,000-foot mountain in the Himalayas in Nepal. [52]
2018-11-22: German BASE jumper Dominik Loyen dies whilst base jumping in Portugal. Dominic's parachute did not open during the 100m fall. He hit several rocks on his way down and could not be revived at the scene. He had previously cited he would be giving up BASE jumping due to losing close friends to the extreme sport, but instead he said "You worry about it and then you decide to carry on anyway".[53]
In popular culture Edit
References Edit
TO: WASHINGTON CITY PAPER STAFF
FROM: MICHAEL SCHAFFER, EDITOR
RE: STEWART/COLBERT RALLY
Colleagues—
Several of you have asked me about this coming weekend's satirical National Mall rallies featuring Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert. As you probably know, at least one other news organization, NPR, has forbidden news staffers from attending. Others, including the Washington Post, have reminded staffers that newsroom policy permits them to witness events, but not to “participate” in ways that could call into question their impartiality—i.e., by chanting, waving signs, etc.
At a time of grave concerns about our economy and our national security—not to mention a period of tumult in our industry—it is obviously crucial that all media organizations develop appropriate guidelines for staff attendance at mock-political public appearances by cable-television celebrities. After significant consultation with Washington City Paper's expensive outside team of professional ethicists, we've settled on the following guidelines. Please read and follow them closely:
You may attend the rallies in a non-participatory fashion. However, because the rallies are comic events, you may not laugh. The act of not laughing, though, can be just as politically loaded as the act of laughing. Therefore, staffers are advised to politely chuckle, in a non-genuine manner, after each joke. To avoid any perception of bias, please make sure to chuckle at all jokes, whether or not you find them funny. As journalists, we must make sure to not allow our personal views of “humorous” or “non-humorous” to affect our public demeanor. Likewise, it could be devastating to our impartial reputation if our staffers were seen laughing at something that was not intended as a joke, thereby appearing to mock the entire event. If we are lucky, the comedians will have a drummer on hand whose rim-shots may be used as a cue for when to politely chuckle. If no non-verbal cues for laughter are available, please observe audience members around you. If they are laughing, imitate their laughter with a non-genuine polite chuckle. If they are not laughing, remain stone-faced. Whatever you do, do not apply your own personal cognitive skills to determining the humorousness of any particular clip. Such an approach exposes us to charges of bias. On the other hand, a situation could arise where partisan foes of the Comedy Central hosts laugh at them in a derisive manner unrelated to the timing of their on-stage jokes. In this case, your failure to join in the mockery could potentially be interpreted as a sign that you disagree with the derision—an equally distasteful indication of bias. Please follow the above guidelines and also chuckle politely, but not genuinely, at any instances of counter-comedy. In our experience, public appearances by comedy figures also draw audiences whose members frequently make jokes amongst themselves. These attempts at humor might not necessarily fit into the rational example of protesters versus counter-protesters outlined in the guidelines above. However, you could nonetheless indicate a great deal about your personal biases via your decision as to whether or not you laugh along when the person next to you riffs about, say, marginal tax rates. Please make sure to follow the above guidelines and respond via polite, non-genuine, mild guffaws to the jibes of amateur comics in the audience. We're also aware that the large crowds expected at the rallies could produce a cacophonous din, one in which you are unable to discern which jokes are being made by audience members, counter-protestors, or the day's main attractions—and, worse still, where observers may think you are laughing at an anti-Republican joke when you are actually laughing at an anti-Democrat joke. To protect our cherished reputation against such a danger, I have arranged for each of you to be issued a pair of earplugs. Should the event grow too raucous, please insert these earplugs immediately. Once you have inserted the earplugs, please chuckle politely, and non-genuinely, every 74 seconds, to maintain the appearance of non-biased and appropriate responses to the event. You are free to laugh heartily and genuinely at any jokes that target the terrorists.
Please feel free to see me or Mike Madden should you need any further clarification.
Best,
Mike
The 23-year-old suspect in the mass shooting attack at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) on Friday morning owned literature discussing a “New World Order” and may have been specifically targeting Transportation Security Authority (TSA) personnel during the attack, NBC News reported.
The term is not associated with any known political groups, but has been a staple in anti-government conspiracy theories warning against the coming of a unified world regime. Both NBC and KABC-TV reported that authorities found a note at the scene of the shooting in which the suspect, Paul Anthony Ciancia, suggested he expected to die, ending with the letters “NWO.”
CNN reported that witnesses said the suspect approached them asking, “TSA?” and would not fire on them if they said no.
“I just shook my head,” one witness, Leon Saryan, told CNN. “And he kept going.”
Ciancia, who was captured after being shot by officers multiple times in the chest, remains hospitalized in critical condition. One person, an unidentified TSA agent, was killed and six others wounded in the attack.
According to KNBC-TV, authorities said at a press conference that Ciancia allegedly carried hundreds of rounds during the attack, which he reportedly carried out with an assault rifle.
“There were more than 100 more rounds that could've literally killed everybody in that terminal today,” Mayor Eric Garcetti was quoted as saying.
KABC also reported that all flights out of Terminal 3, where the attack ocurred, were being re-directed to other terminals. About 746 flights were affected, with 46 routed to other aiports in the area. Aside from Terminal 3, LAX's other terminals were opened again around 4 p.m. Friday.
UPDATE, 10:34 p.m. EST: The Associated Press reported that the TSA identified the man killed during the attack as 39-year-old Gerardo I. Hernandez.
Watch CNN's report, aired on Friday, below.
A REMOTE area principal who allegedly taped a “naughty” student to a desk has been placed on leave and is under investigation by NT Police.
The principal, who the NT News has chosen not to name for legal reasons, was placed on leave on Thursday, two days after the NT News asked the Education Department why he had not been stood down pending potential criminal charges. The NT News reported in February that the principal was being investigated for allegedly taping the “troubled” and “naughty” girl to the desk to stop her going to the toilet, and for allegedly chasing a boy across the school oval with a cattle prod.
The Education Department later removed the cattle prod from the school.
At the time, the principal's lawyer, Merran Short, said in a letter to the NT News: “We are confident that our client will be exonerated by the internal investigation”.
Ms Short's letter also said the “problem” was with the people who complained against the principal, who she said were “disgruntled”.
A witness in the internal investigation said the investigator was “professional and thorough”, and had flown to Melbourne to speak with another witness to the taping incident. That witness is understood to be in possession of a photograph of the girl taped to the desk.
A source said the families of the alleged victims have also sought legal advice with an eye on possible civil action against the Education Department and the principal.
Another source said the internal investigation was “essentially complete”.
But Education Department spokeswoman Kathryn Acampora said the internal investigation was technically on hold, pending the police investigation.
“Appropriate action will be undertaken once the department's investigation is complete,” she said.
“The Teachers Registration Board is aware of the investigation. The department is awaiting the outcome of the police investigation, which will determine whether a formal referral to the Teachers Registration Board is required.”
Ms Acampora did not respond to direct questions about whether the internal or police investigation had uncovered a photograph of the girl taped to the desk, which multiple sources claim to have seen.
One in five US workers laid off during the recession still unemployed
By Andre Damon
23 September 2014
More than one in five American workers who lost their jobs after the 2008 financial crash are still unemployed, according to a Rutgers University study on unemployment in the US released Monday. The study concludes that "one-third of Americans who experienced a period of long-term unemployment during the past five years can be said to have been 'devastated' because they reported a major and permanent change in their lifestyle."
The net effect of the 2008 crisis has been a significant fall in workers' wages and benefits. Among workers who lost their jobs since 2008 but were subsequently re-hired, 46 percent report that their new employer pays lower wages, while 21 percent report that their current job pays the same.
Insofar as the political establishment is concerned, the three million long-term jobless workers in the United States might as well not exist. The media, the Obama administration and the two big business parties ignore them. The Democrats, after proclaiming that restoring long-term jobless pay would be a “bookend issue” in the upcoming midterm elections, have completely dropped the matter.
And yet these three million people, some of whom have been sending out resumes and job applications every single month for years on end, make up a third of the 9.5 million officially unemployed people in America.
The great majority of the long-term unemployed receive no government social assistance, with less than one in ten getting either job training or job placement funded by the federal government.
“There is a popular perception that when people lose their jobs there are all sorts of government aid,” Carl Van Horn, the author of the Rutgers University study, told the World Socialist Web Site. “Most of the long-term unemployed are left to fend for themselves. They've lost income so they can't afford to invest in education and training. They don't have the skills to land a job, and they have no access to programs that will help them make that transition,” he said.
Source: John J. Heldrich Center for Workforce Development
The study's findings back up this assertion. Only 18 percent of unemployed people “took courses to help them improve their job search strategies,” while only about 15 percent enrolled in training programs. This is largely because government funding for such programs is almost non-existent. Only nine percent of the long-term jobless say they have received government assistance in job placement, while only four percent said they participated in a government-funded job training program.
Dr. Van Horn, the director of the John J. Heldrich Center for Workforce Development at Rutgers, said that his study was unique in focusing on obtaining individual, detailed information on the long-term jobless. This approach allowed researchers to show that long-term unemployment affects a broader section of the population than might be expected.
“Fifty percent of the long-term unemployed are older than 44,” Van Horn said. “There are almost as many who are college-educated as those who are not, and a third had above median income before losing their jobs,” he said.
Asked to reply to claims that the long-term unemployed were holding out for better work, Dr. Van Horn replied categorically. “People don't hold out more than a few months. In the first several months of unemployment, they have a tendency not to accept a lower wage than they had before. But then their savings get depleted, and they take what they can get. Most of the long-term unemployed who took another job took a pay cut, and a third took a temporary job.”
Van Horn said the long-term unemployed faced additional hurdles simply for being out of the workforce for an extended period. “The longer you are unemployed, the more likely it is that you get disconnected from the labor market in the sense that your skills are not up to date and your social network shrinks,” he said.
“Employers generalize about the long-term unemployed in a negative manner; they discriminate against them in the hiring process,” he added. “When employers look at resumes, people who have been unemployed long-term are half as likely to be called in for an interview.”
Van Horn added that many of the long-term unemployed were thrown into long-term unemployment because the industries they worked in have disappeared in the areas where they are located, noting in particular the heavy manufacturing and construction sectors. “People are actually not all that mobile, especially when they are 45 and up,” he said.
“When you're unemployed, first you give up things that are optional, and then you give up things that are essential,” said Van Horn. The study found that more than 4 in 10 of the long-term unemployed and currently unemployed sold some of their possessions, and more than a third borrowed money from family or friends. Additionally, one third of the long-term unemployed moved in with friends and family.
The study also showed the traumatic impact of the cutoff of federal extended unemployment benefits at the end of last year, which was organized in a bipartisan maneuver that allowed both parties to skirt blame for cutting off the only cash benefits to millions of long-term unemployed people and their families.
Among workers who received unemployment benefits, 47 percent said they ran out before they were able to find another job. This figure is up from 21 percent in January 2013. “In almost every state, if you're unemployed beyond 28 weeks you now get nothing,” concluded Van Horn.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Peshawar Zalmi lost the first qualifying final of the 2017 Pakistan Super League against Quetta Gladiators by one run. Thanks to Kevin Pietersen's 40 off 22 and Ahmed Shehzad's 71 off 38, Quetta had made an even 200 batting first, despite having struggled in the final third of their innings. Pietersen and Shehzad added 90 together in seven overs.
The run chase followed a similar pattern. After two early wickets, Mohammad Hafeez and Dawid Malan added 139 in 12 overs before Hafeez was out. Malan was at the wicket for the first 91 legal deliveries of the run chase. Of these, he faced 30, and made 56 runs. Hafeez was out to the fifth ball of the 14th over, having faced 47 of 72 balls bowled while he was at the wicket.
Despite Shahid Afridi's 34 in 13 balls, Peshawar lost by one run. From a cricketing point of view, this game is easily read. The conclusion is that despite Hafeez's brilliant 77, and support from Malan (56) and Afridi (34), Peshawar lost a game they ought to have won.
Does this reading hold in T20, though? There is some evidence to suggest otherwise. This evidence also points to a logic of the T20 run chase that is distinct from that of the ODI run chase.
Theories about how chases should be approached in limited-overs cricket abound. Given that boundary shots produce four and six runs off one ball, the predominant theory in the early days of ODI cricket was that chasing teams should keep wickets in hand even at the cost of falling behind the required rate, and then make one concerted push over a small number of overs at the end to win. Imran Khan and Javed Miandad were arguably the most famous proponents of this theory. The thinking here was that in the early overs of a chase, the game could not be won, but it could definitely be lost. This theory worked well when the overall asking rate was under five runs per over, and falling behind the rate meant needing about 7.5 to 8.0 runs per over for the last 10-15 overs.
"The logic of the T20 run chase is distinct from that of the ODI run chase"
ODI teams were constructed to adopt this theory. India did this famously well under Sunil Gavaskar's leadership in Australia 1985-86. Ravi Shastri was promoted to open the batting and provide solid, albeit slow, starts in that tournament. Desmond Haynes and Gordon Greenidge played this way for West Indies throughout the 1980s.
But soon teams began to see that using an attacking opener would help. From Mark Greatbatch in the 1992 World Cup to Brendon McCullum in the 2015 one, New Zealand and every other side have adopted this tactic. This became so popular that the ICC then had a so-called "middle-overs problem" and changed the rules to restrict field settings during this phase to reward risk-taking similar to that found at the beginning and end of limited-overs innings.
Hafeez's innings in the PSL game was not dissimilar to Virat Kohli's innings in the 2016 IPL final. Like Kohli, Hafeez did not attack from the word go. And just like Kohli, his approach will be widely considered through the lens of the well-understood ODI logic.
Consider how Hafeez's innings would translate into a 50-over innings. Going by the frequency with which a target of at least 200 is set in a T20 game, the equivalent asking rate in an ODI first innings in the T20 era (June 13, 2003 onwards) is 6.8 runs per over, or 340. Both are set 7% of the time by teams batting first.
In the IPL 2016 final, Kohli played an innings similar to that of Hafeez in the PSL qualifying final - and also ended up on the losing side AFP
Hafeez played 47 balls out of a possible 120, and scored 77 chasing a target of 201. In other words, he used 39% of the deliveries available to his team and scored at a rate that was just under the required rate. The equivalent ODI innings in the equivalent ODI run chase of 340 is 132 in 117 balls (scoring at the minimum required rate for 39% of the possible 300 deliveries).
This is equivalency considered from the batsman's point of view. From the team's standpoint, the equivalency does not quite work this way. The units of scoring available in the 20-over and 50-over chase are the same. Sixes, fours, singles, twos, threes, wides, no-balls, leg-byes and byes are all counted in exactly the same way in both chases. The cricket ball and the boundary are also the same, as are the bats, as is the quota per bowler (20% of the total balls bowled per bowler). All the ingredients of run production are the same. In the 50-over chase, 132 off 117 in a 340 target would leave the other ten batsmen needing to get 208 in 183 balls. In the 20-over chase, 77 off 47 in a 201 target would leave the other batsmen needing to get 124 in 73.
Standard cricketing wisdom states that compared to a new batsman, a set batsman will find it easier to score quickly. This wisdom has developed in the context of batting - the art of accumulating as many runs as possible with as much certainty as possible. The art of batting involves recommendations about relying on timing, hitting the ball along the ground, playing with a straight bat, not playing across the line when the ball is on the stumps, and waiting for the bad ball. This wisdom is often transferred wholly to the T20 context.
Halfway through his innings, Hafeez had scored 31 off 24; the second half produced 46 off 23. This split suggests that the conventional wisdom about batting is true. Using the first few overs to "get in" seems to have helped Hafeez score more quickly in the second half. At 31 off 24, Hafeez had used up 20% of the deliveries available to his team to be nine runs behind the minimum required rate. Later, when he was on 32 off 27, they were 13 runs behind the required scoring rate. In the second half of his innings, he did eight runs better than the minimum required rate.
"In T20, a batsman choosing to use 20 balls to get his eye in is taking an enormous risk by essentially conceding one-sixth of the total available deliveries to the opposition without contest"
It is here that the cricketing logic breaks down. One batsman using up nearly 40% of the total deliveries to get set and end up at the minimum required rate means the other batsmen have a great challenge on hand to achieve more than the required rate for 60% of the total deliveries.
Suppose those remaining 124 runs are scored by five batsmen among themselves. Let us say (conservatively) that each batsman takes two balls to get set. Let us say four of them get out. That's 14 balls out of the remaining 73. If we assume that those 14 balls produce 14 runs (let us assume this even though four of those 14 deliveries result in dismissals), then 110 runs remain to be scored from the remaining 59 deliveries without a single dismissal. In other words, Hafeez's 77 in 47 still left Peshawar one innings of 110 off 59 short of victory.
Consider the same calculation for the equivalent 50-over chase: 208 are required from 183 balls. Let's say that five batsmen are available for this, and that each of them takes an average of six balls to get set, and during those six balls, score, on average, three runs each. Four of them are dismissed. This means that them getting set uses up 34 balls, during which 15 runs are scored. What remains is 193 in 149 balls.
Still very difficult. But compare the requirement of 193 in 149 balls (or 7.8 runs per over), to the requirement of 110 in 59 balls (11.2 runs per over). The comparison is valid because the units of scoring and all other factors are equal in both cases. The latter is significantly more difficult.
Keeping wickets in hand has not yielded good dividends in T20 chases - but it has still been a highly used approach Associated Press
When we consider these chases, we usually remember the last over, or the last couple of overs. We have a tendency to think that it was those two overs that determined the outcome of the game, and that earlier events are of little consequence. Perhaps this is why we are likely to describe Peshawar's chase as the players at the end undoing Hafeez's great work.
Yet, in T20, a batsman choosing to use 20 balls to get his eye in is taking an enormous risk by essentially conceding one-sixth of the total available deliveries to the opposition without contest. This concession arguably makes a bigger contribution to the result than anything that happens in the last two overs of the match.
A target of ten runs per over (rounded)* has been set 422 times in T20 games in ESPNcricinfo's database. Of these, 390 chases have lasted into the 16th over and 75 chasing teams have won. A further nine were won before the 16th over. Of the 390 chasing teams that took the match into the last five overs of the chase, 68 did it with seven or more wickets in hand and a required rate of ten runs per over (rounded) or more; 26 of these teams won. Meanwhile, 13 teams did it with six or fewer wickets in hand and a required rate of less than ten runs per over; 11 won. Compare 11 wins in 13, to 26 wins in 68. More significantly, compare 13 to 68.
The history of T20 thus suggests that teams are far more willing to use cricketing wisdom and keep wickets in hand rather than go hell for leather early. But history also shows that the latter approach is decisively more successful. This because of a paradoxical point: while it is probably better for the batsman to launch an assault on the bowling later rather than sooner, it is worse for the team when the batsman does that. This is because all the deliveries used up to get set are essentially conceded without contest to the opposition. With so few deliveries available as a whole, this concession is unaffordable, according to the arithmetic.
Dilip K Chakrabarti
New Delhi, June 5: The Indian Council of Historical Research is divided over a proposal from Delhi University's Sanskrit department to research ancient history anew on the basis of Sanskrit texts and reassess the theory of Aryan immigration to India.
Dilip K. Chakrabarti, emeritus professor of South Asian archaeology with Cambridge University and a member of the council and its research project committee, said the proposal was "racist and historically puerile".
"The Sanskrit department of Delhi University would do a much better job training some palaeographers and epigraphists, who will soon be an extinct class of scholars in the country, without bothering about something as racist and historically puerile as Aryans," Chakrabarti said in an email to a query from The Telegraph.
Palaeography is the study of ancient and historical handwriting while epigraphy is the study and interpretation of ancient inscriptions.
Council chairperson Y. Sudershan Rao had told the research project committee -according to the minutes of meetings held on April 28 and 29 - that he had received a large number of emails requesting the council to take up certain new projects.
One of the proposals Rao read out was the one from Delhi University's Sanskrit department, headed by Ramesh C. Bhardwaj.
Bhardwaj justified the proposal, telling this newspaper the department wanted to establish the chronology of texts such as the Rig Veda, Yajur Veda, Atharva Veda, Brahman Granth and the Upanishads.
"We are trying to prove the chronology of the Sanskrit texts. By doing that, if the Aryan immigration theory is destroyed, that is an additional benefit," Bhardwaj argued.
He said the mainstream history textbooks say that India's earliest civilisation came up in Harappa around 2800 BC and that the Aryans arrived from Central Asia around 1500 BC.
"We question this theory by western historians," Bhardwaj said. "They claim the Vedic period dates back to between 1500 BC and 2000 BC. We have doubts. If we establish the chronology of the Sanskrit texts, things will be clear."
Bhardwaj said a rival theory that proposes the Vedic period began between 4000 BC and 5000 BC was more convincing. He suggested that the Harappan civilisation, appreciated for its well-planned towns, grew out of Vedic civilisation and that the Aryans were not immigrants.
At the research project committee meeting, council member Meenakshi Jain had cited the complexity of the task of dating the ancient Sanskrit texts and expressed scepticism about its success, the minutes say.
Gopinath Ravindran, council member secretary, had suggested the council should research focused themes rather than general ideas and large questions, the minutes add.
Neither Ravindran nor council chairperson Rao was available for comments.
C.I. Issac, a member of the council and the research project committee, supported the Sanskrit department's proposal. "It is a necessary endeavour without which we cannot understand our past and move further," he said in an email.
"How can we move ahead without knowing our yesteryears? So I extended my sincere support for this cause."
The research project committee has authorised Rao to form a sub-committee, after receiving written proposals, to prepare a report on the feasibility and modalities of the proposed research projects.
If there's one dream that unites all bookish folks (aside from, you know, universal literacy) it's the dream of having a secret passageway hidden behind a bookcase. Ok, maybe it just unites some of us- but there's no denying that there's something super-nifty about having a bookcase that moves to reveal a space only you know about. You and your builder.
Anywoot! Here's a roundup of ten of my favorite bookish secret passageways from around the interwebs:
The Pin
Nothing says old money like a piano and a room hidden behind warm wood floor-to-ceiling bookshelves. (from Indoor Billboards)
The Pin
This kid's bookshelf opens to a secret reading nook. A SECRET READING NOOK. I would've never left. (from Everything About Secret Bookcase Doors)
The Pin
…Harry, are you in there? (from Wif and Hub)
The Pin
A secret passage in a gothic library that opens to reveal…a table for tea? How very Bronte. (from The Ballroom)
https://nl.pinterest.com/pin/334603447295235082/
I'll just be over here, hanging out with ALL THE WHIMSY IN THE WORLD. (from Everything About Secret Bookcase Doors)
The Pin
For the minimalist in the family. (from Words N Stuff)
The Pin
Because sometimes you should have to climb a ladder to reach your secret passageway. (from StashVault)
The Pin
I feel like this would be in the Beauty and the Beast library. (from Everything About Secret Bookcase Doors)
The Pin
Old school like the old school. (from Everything About Secret Bookcase Doors)
The Pin
For when you need to hide your Cold-War-spy era desktop computer. (from Luxury Housing Trends)
Sign up to Swords & Spaceships to receive news and recommendations from the world of science fiction and fantasy. Thank you for signing up! Keep an eye on your inbox.
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service
The human population of the world cannot continue to grow without doing great harm to the planet's ecology. Much of this harm may be irreversible. Our efforts to improve our quality of life will, one day, turn on us and be their very own undoing.
But it is not simply a matter of the total number of humans which is, and will continue to be, the cause of our problems. It is also the distribution of the population, in fact, at present it is more the distribution of the population which is causing problems than the total population.
London has a population of around 7 million, New York, over 8 million and in the emerging nations the figures are worse with Beijing at over 10 million and Mumbai nearly 14 million. Such concentrations of populations put an intolerable strain on rescourses. The cost of transporting produce to these city's, both in terms of hard cash and environmental damage, is putting the entire world at risk.
But nothing will happen to put this situation right, because we are all NIMBY's, we are all greedy (some far more so than others) and we are not prepared to give up anything for anyone.
Yemen: Hadi government foreign minister denies participation in Oman ceasefire talks; Aden Security Forces assume control of Aden International Airport under UAE orders; al Houthi-Saleh forces launch counteroffensive in Mokha district, western Taiz governorate; AQAP attacks al Houthi-Saleh forces in al Bayda governorate; Hadhrami Elite Forces seize anti-tank missiles in eastern Yemen
Horn of Africa: Al Shabaab militants attack Fafi town, Garissa County, Kenya; al Shabaab commander defects to SNA; al Shabaab assassinates military officer in Mogadishu; al Shabaab calls U.S. the “Satan of our time”
Yemen Security Brief
President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Abdul Malik al Mikhlafi denied reports that he engaged in ceasefire negotiations with the al Houthi-Saleh bloc in Oman. Mikhlafi stated his meeting in Oman only covered bilateral relations between the two countries. An Omani official stated that Oman mediated negotiations between al Mikhlafi and al Houthi representatives based on the UN's ceasefire proposal in late May.[1]
Aden Security Forces assumed control of Aden International Airport on June 1 after clashes between rival Yemeni forces that receive Saudi and Emirati patronage. Aden Security Forces Director Shalal Ali Shaye'a relieved Aden International Airport security director Saleh al Amri of duty after receiving orders from the Emirati commander in Yemen, Major General Ahmed Mohamed Ahmed. Shaye'a's appointment reflects frustration with al Amri and his militia after nearly four months of tension over control of the airport. The UAE announced a plan to rehabilitate and maintain the airport on June 1.[2]
Al Houthi-Saleh forces launched a counterattack against Hadi government forces in Mokha district, western Taiz governorate on May 31. Al Houthi-Saleh forces attacked Jebel Nabidah, near Camp Khaled ibn Walid, and claimed to kill twenty fighters loyal to the Hadi government. Saudi-led coalition airstrikes targeted the attacking al Houthi-Saleh forces, killing nine. The attack marks an uptick for fighting in Mokha district, where front lines have not shifted significantly since Hadi government forces began an offensive on nearby al Hamali village on May 18.[3]
AQAP militants attacked al Houthi-Saleh forces on two separate occasions in southern al Bayda governorate, central Yemen. AQAP militants ambushed an al Houthi-Saleh vehicle on May 30 and detonated an improvised explosive device (IED) targeting an al Houthi-Saleh armored vehicle on June 1 near Mash'aba village, southern al Bayda. AQAP fights alongside anti-al Houthi tribal militias in central Yemen to promote itself as the defender of Sunnis in Yemen.[4]
Emirati-backed Hadhrami Elite Forces seized several thermal anti-tank missiles during a raid in Daw'an district, eastern Hadramawt governorate on May 31. Hadrami Elite Forces uncovered the missiles during a raid on the homes of individuals connected to “terrorist elements,” according to a press release issued by security forces. The press release also includes pictures of what appear to be 9M14 Malyutka wire-guided anti-tank missiles. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) conducted multiple attacks targeting Hadhrami Elite Forces in Daw'an district in May.[5]
Horn of Africa Security Brief
Al Shabaab militants raided Fafi town, Garissa County, eastern Kenya on May 31. The militants burned down a school and abducted two teachers during the attack, in which they used small arms and improvised explosive devices (IEDs). They also destroyed a Safaricom telecommunication mast in the area to disable Kenyan police communication. Al Shabaab killed nine police officers in two attacks in neighboring Lamu County, Kenya on May 31.[6]
A senior al Shabaab commander named Abshir Mumin Farah defected to the Somali National Army (SNA) in Hiraan region, central Somalia on June 1. Al Shabaab deployed Farah to Hiraan region to conduct attacks during Ramadan. He is the first al Shabaab leader to defect to the Somali government since President Mohamed Farmajo assumed office in April.[7]
Al Shabaab militants assassinated the Chief of the Somali Military Ambulance service in Mogadishu, Somalia on May 31. The militants shot Abdullahi Radiyow outside his house near the former U.S. Embassy. Somali security forces arrested several suspects after the killing. This marks the fourth assassination in Mogadishu in 24 hours.[8]
Al Shabaab called the United States the “Satan of our time” in a 55-minute long video titled “They Are Not Welcome.” The propaganda video features speeches from Osama bin Laden and other al Qaeda leaders. It also highlights al Shabaab's January 2017 attack on a Kenyan military base in Kolbio, southern Somalia. The video includes calls for jihad against Kenya and states that the war in Africa is part of al Qaeda's global conflict against the West. Al Shabaab released “They are Not Welcome” through the Global Islamic Media Front on May 30.[9]
[1] “Mikhlafi: No Omani mediation to resume peace consultations,” al Masdar, June 1, 2017, http://www.almasdaronline.com/article/91655.
[2] “Two fighters killed during clashes that closed Aden Airport,” al Masirah, May 31, 2017, http://almasirah.net/details.php?es_id=8740&cat_id=3; “Breaking: Aden Security Forces officials reveal details of Aden Airport events,” Aden Lange, June 1, 2017, http://adnlng.com/news/70215/; “Prime Minister stresses the need to avoid further bloodshed in the battle for Aden Airport,” Sabanew, May 31, 2017, http://sabanew.net/viewstory.php?id=17978; and “UAE launches the second phase of the rehabilitation of Aden International Airport,” June 1, 2017, http://adnlng.com/news/70232/.
[3] “Death and injury of 68 mercenaries east of Mokha in Taiz,” Sabanews, June 1, 2017, http://www.saba.ye/ar/news466044.htm; “7 dead and 9 injured Houthis after air strikes destroy vehicles in western Taiz,” al Masdar, June 1, 2017, http://www.almasdaronline.com/article/91640; and “Army continues its advance on western Taiz,” Aden Lange, May 18, 2017, http://adnlng.com/news/69231/.
[4] AQAP claims its militants attacked al Houthi-Saleh forces near Mash'aba village, al Bayda governorate, Telegram, June 1, 2017.
[5] Leadership of the Second Military Region, Facebook, May 31, 2017, https://ar-ar.facebook.com/alqiadeh2/posts/1809733339355514.
[6] “Al Shabaab abducts two teachers near Garissa,” Shabelle News, June 1, 2017, http://www.shabellenews.com/2017/06/al-shabaab-militants-abduct-two-teachers-in-near-garissa/
[7] Harun Maruf: “Al Shabaab Commander Defects to Somali Forces,” Voice of America, May 31, 2017, https://www.voanews.com/a/shabab-commander-defects-somali-forces/3881739.html?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter; and “Top Alshabaab fighter Defects to the Government,” Goobjoog News, June 1, 2017, http://goobjoog.com/english/top-alshabab-fighter-defects-to-the-government/
[8] “Gunmen kill head of Somali Ambulance service,” Shabelle News, May 31, 2017, http://www.shabellenews.com/2017/05/gunmen-kill-head-of-somali-military-ambulance-service/
[9] Thomas Joscelyn: “Shabaab claims US is ‘Satan of our time,' praises al Qaeda's leadership,” Long War Journal, May 31, 2017, http://www.longwarjournal.org/archives/2017/05/shabaab-claims-us-is-satan-of-our-time-praises-al-qaedas-leadership.php?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+LongWarJournalSiteWide+%28FDD%27s+Long+War+Journal+Update%29
View Citations
The UESPWiki – Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995
Malkoran at the end of Kilkreath Ruins
Malkoran is a Breton necromancer who resides in Meridia's Temple. You are tasked with removing him from the temple during the Daedric quest The Break of Dawn. He is accompanied by many corrupted shades which he has created from the casualties of the ongoing war. He has an extremely powerful frost spell that can potentially kill in one hit, and a great deal of health, making him extremely hard to kill.
Malkoran's Shade spawns upon Malkoran's death.
Malkoran's Shade [ edit ]
Malkoran's Shade
Malkoran's Shade is a floating, wraith-like skeleton surrounded by a dark mist. It knows Destruction spells of all elements, and it will also use Wards to protect itself during combat.
Related Quests [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Malkoran may spawn with a Destruction staff. If so, he will use it in preference to his own spells, making him far less deadly at early levels.
As powerful as Malkoran may be, his shade seems bugged; it will not move through the doorway to his main chamber. This allows you to stand at the top of the stairs and shoot his shade to death with spells or arrows.
Reanimating the original body of Malkoran and killing him again will cause a second shade to spawn. The shade may still be hostile to you, and will drop his 250 gold again when killed.
Owing to his range of spells, he is an extremely powerful candidate for dead thralls.
If, as expected, Jeremy Corbyn wins the Labour leadership election, he will immediately have a historic opportunity to change political culture for the better, for good. What's more, it's an opportunity he will have no choice but to take.
It all springs from what looks like a massive problem. Corbyn has been Labour's most rebellious MP, voting against his party more than 500 times. That would make it practically impossible for him to demand loyalty from the parliamentary Labour party, especially since fewer than the 36 who nominated him actually support him, with Margaret Beckett even describing herself as a moron for lending him her votes. Corbyn would be a contemptible hypocrite if he were to try to crack the whip that he himself so gleefully defied.
The only way out of this is to perform some political judo, harnessing the force of his biggest disadvantage in his own favour. This he can do quite easily by announcing that under his leadership, there will be no whip. Necessity will be the murderer of convention.
The only way out is to perform some political judo, harnessing the force of his biggest disadvantage in his own favour
Rather conveniently, this would not just be an expedient move but a necessary and principled one. The whip has had its day. The public is sick of party-line-toeing politicians and want independent people answerable to constituents, not apparatchiks. That is precisely why Corbyn is so popular in the first place. He is seen as his own man, not an identikit career politician trying to climb the greasy pole.
The whip is part of the machinery of an outdated party politics that can no longer galvanise voters. It evolved in the 18th century, with the office of the chief whip formally coming into existence in the early 19th, and should be consigned to this era when deference and obedience were considered virtues. It is profoundly undemocratic. MPs are elected to represent their constituents. They cannot do this if, once in parliament, they instead have to bow down in front of their party's leadership.
Mainstream parties have been gradually losing support in part because they appear to be stuffed with people more interested in their team winning then serving the country. The more the whip disempowers individual MPs, the weaker the party looks collectively. Hence the whole will be much stronger if it exerts less control over its parts, enabling members to show their individual strengths, troublesome though they may sometimes be.
Were Corbyn to do this it would put irresistible moral pressure on the other parties to follow suit. It would be too easy to contrast the unshackled free-thinking Labour members from their servile, sheep-like Conservative colleagues. Overnight, parties that used the whip would look anachronistic, using a form of heavy-handed top-down management that was abandoned in business years ago. Jibes that David Cameron trusts his own MPs less than many businesses trust their employees will make the whip look ridiculous.
We fear the public won't back Corbyn, but he can win and here's the proof | David Edgar Read more
Take the whip away and Westminster could become a very different place. It would strike a blow against its excessively adversarial ways of working, the two sides of a divided house braying at each other across the floor. This is a hangover from the already obsolete two-party system. End the whip and it would become more natural for some MPs of different parties to vote together, some against each other, purely on the merits of the policy. It would make it less common for parties to oppose a policy simply as a way of trying to draw blood, because being defeated would no longer represent a major rebellion: you can hardly rebel when no one is commanding you to obey.
If he were to abolish the whip, Corbyn must do so as soon as he is elected. Leave it any longer and it will look like an inevitable retreat in response to a failure to be able to lead his party with authority. He should make it clear that he is freely handing the whip in, rather than allowing it to be torn from his grasp.
Of course, in politics as in sport, there is no goal so open that someone can't fluff it and miss. Corbyn might well try to retain the whip. But it's hard to see how or why he would.
The country is crying out for a more open politics, less driven by party factionalism. Everyone accepts that there is disillusionment with politics but nobody seems willing to tackle the old-fashioned ways of doing things that create this disenchantment. Love him or loathe him, Corbyn could do something about this and start his new job by creating what could turn out to be his greatest legacy.
Old Rip, Miracle Horned Toad
Eastland, Texas
In 1897 a horned toad was placed in the cornerstone of the courthouse in Eastland, Texas, as it was being sealed. People remembered the event, but no one thought much of it until February 18, 1928, when the courthouse was demolished to make way for a new model. Three thousand people were on hand to watch the opening of the old cornerstone. Inside lay the horned toad -- flat and covered with dust -- and ALIVE! After 31 years!
The toad was christened "Old Rip" and became a national sensation. He toured the U.S. He met President Coolidge. Local gas stations gave away complimentary toads to customers.
Eleven months after his resurrection, Old Rip croaked. His body was embalmed and placed in a tiny, velvet-lined open casket in the lobby of the new courthouse.
A horned toad can still be seen in the velvet-lined casket today, although there's some controversy over just who is being exhibited. That's because in 1973 Old Rip was stolen. An anonymous kidnapper wrote a letter explaining that his conscience would no longer let him remain silent. He claimed to be part of a larger conspiracy that had hoaxed the nation with Old Rip. He demanded that his accomplices join him in a full confession.
When no accomplices came forward, another letter arrived, saying that Old Rip could be found in his coffin at the county fairgrounds. The coffin and a toad were recovered, although some believed that this Old Rip was an impostor. Eastland County Judge Scott Bailey was quoted as saying, "This toad is fairly well-preserved. The other was more ... mummified."
Old Rip, real or fake, is still on display in his coffin in Eastland. And the toad has been immortalized in another way, too -- as the inspiration for the Warner Bros. cartoon character "Michigan J. Frog," who later served as mascot for the WB television network.
Story highlights US officials called the attack "unusual"
State Department said it is being investigated
(CNN) The main US ally fighting ISIS in Syria was bombed by Syrian warplanes for the first time Thursday while US military advisers were "nearby," a US defense official told CNN.
The attack against the Kurdish YPG, which took place in Hasakah province in northern Syria, was announced by the YPG and confirmed to CNN by US defense officials. The US has approximately 300 special operations forces in Syria.
The YPG said that in addition to the airstrikes "regime forces randomly targeted the city with artillery and heavy gunfire -- killing and injuring tens of civilians," according to a statement the group posted on Facebook.
The YPG has been critical to US efforts to combat ISIS in Syria, helping to drive the terrorist group out of Manbij in recent days.
During the five-year civil war, the Syrian government has largely refrained from striking the Kurdish group, which has established an autonomous area of control in the country's north. The YPG has primarily battled ISIS as part of the Syrian Democratic Forces, which the US has supplied the with arms and training. US special operations forces were photographed in May alongside YPG troops in Syria.
Read More
Rep. Lou Barletta, R-Pa., announced Wednesday that he will now support the American Health Care Act following a Tuesday night meeting with President Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
Barletta told reporters at the Capitol that he flipped after Trump and Ryan agreed to bring legislation to the House floor by late April that would verify Social Security statistics before tax credits are awarded to illegal immigrants.
"He's doing a hell of a job," Barletta said of Trump. "It didn't take much — he got me in 15 minutes and he agreed to meet my concern, and I think he's doing a good job to get this as close as it is to because I don't think it would be without him."
The meeting took place before the National Republican Congressional Committee dinner Tuesday night.
Barletta, who was a staunch supporter of Trump's presidential campaign, had told the Washington Examiner Monday that he was against the bill, which is set to get a vote Thursday.
By Online Desk
A Muslim man was shot dead by alleged cow vigilantes, and his body was thrown onto railway tracks in Rajasthan's Alwar on November 10.
According to a News 18 report, the victim Ummar Khan and two others were transporting cows to Fahari village near Alwar's Govindh Gadh when they were attacked. His companions were also attacked and sustained injuries.
Ummar Khan's uncle has filed a complaint with the Alwar police, identifying one among the attackers, who is a member of the "Gau Raksha group," the report said.
Though the police are yet to make an official statement on the murder, medical officials confirmed a bullet injury to be the reason for Ummar's death.
The three were reportedly rounded-up by a group of eight before being assaulted around five in the morning. They were accused of transporting cows for slaughter by the group.
Ummar's uncle Iliyas Muhammad said the injuries found in the body indicates that he was lynched before being shot. He also alleged that the murder happened in the presence of police officers, who did nothing to stop the attackers.
Ummar Khan is survived by his wife and eight children.
In a similar incident earlier this year, a dairy farmer Pehlu Khan from Jaisinghpur village in Haryana, was lynched by cow vigilantes in Alwar while he was returning home after purchasing two cows and two calves from a Jaipur cattle fair. In September, the Rajasthan police had given a clean chit to the six attackers named in Pehlu Khan's dying statement, trigerring nationwide outrage. Following this, Khan's family had sought a Supreme Court probe into the killing, demanding that the case be shifted out of the state.
The head of Meo community panchayat, Sher Mohammad, said that even if Ummar Khan was involved in cow smuggling, there are laws to deal with smugglers. "Who has given the cow vigilantes the right to take the law into own hands. Police should act against cow vigilantes," he said.
Social worker Maulana Haneef claimed that Khan, along with two others, was ferrying cattle in a vehicle when unidentified men opened fire at them. Khan died on the spot.
"We staged a protest outside the mortuary at a hospital in Alwar where the body was kept and have demanded early arrest of the accused," he said.
The Mewat region is known for rearing cows and now "self-proclaimed cow sympathisers" of various right wing outfits are targeting those who rear cows, the social activist said.
"The matter is under investigation. We are awaiting the post-mortem report," Govindgarh police station SHO Daulat Ram said.
The post-mortem will be conducted in Jaipur.
(With PTI inputs)
After years of viewing each other as rivals in the push to get light rail transit in their parts of the city, some residents of north and southeast Calgary have decided to work together to get the trains running.
The newly founded citizens' group LRT On The Green met for the first time on Tuesday night.
The non-profit aims to speed up progress on the recently-approved Green Line, a separate bus-only roadway that will stretch from Harvest Hills in the city's far north to the new hospital in the deep southeast.
It will be designed so it can later be converted for C-Train use.
Doug Hayden, who co-founded the group, said residents need a unified voice to advocate that the LRT line gets built by 2021.
“The stakeholders, and by that I mean the developers and the businesses that would be along this route, they're already in communications with planning and some of the city folk, but there's no real voice for the amount of people that are affected,” he said.
“So, that voice typically comes from community associations or homeowners associations. Those are the people we want to have one voice for, to say you know what, it's time to get this line built.”
The group is currently looking for board members and hopes to have its first committee meeting by December.
Ward 12 Coun. Shane Keating said having a united voice is crucial.
"We have to lead it and it is our job to push, which is what I've been doing for the past four years — and successfully, because we are getting there much faster than we were before,” he said.
“But now it's the citizens' approach, to make sure the other orders of government actually come in and make this dream come to fruition."
The new transit line is expected to cost the city $764 million, but that price will jump considerably if the LRT conversion happens.
Below is a detailed map of the proposed Green Line. On mobile, or want a closer look, click here.
Republicans look like they will forge ahead with a massive tax cut bill, which estimates suggest would slash government revenues by trillions of dollars — even though congressional rules forbid passing any bill of this sort if it adds more than $1.5 trillion to the deficit over the next decade. To make up for part of the difference, GOP leaders are scrambling to find alternative sources of revenue. Specifically arguing that it's in the country's best interests to expand the availability of oil and gas drilling leases on public lands, even in places that have been set aside to protect imperiled wildlife species.
One of the dumber aspects of this plan is that there's no reason to believe leasing these land to drilling interests will make any real money for the government. Instead, it appears Republicans are having a federal land fire sale, giving away sensitive areas at rock-bottom prices to benefit oil and gas interests rather than American taxpayers. Republicans are literally prepared to put hundreds of species at risk for laughably low sums of money.
Advertisement:
“This is basically a land grab by the oil and gas industry to lock up as much of America's oil and gas resources as they can while the getting is good," Erik Molvar, executive director of the Western Watersheds Project, told Salon.
On Thursday, the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources held a hearing to open up a huge chunk of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for oil leases. The explicit purpose of the proposal is to "raise sufficient revenue" to help offset the proposed tax cuts, even though doing so puts the wildlife that the refuge is meant to protect at risk. The problem, many experts say, is that there's no way that the government can make nearly as much money off drilling leases as Republicans say they can.
"The numbers and data cannot possibly justify sacrificing one of America's most iconic and important wilderness areas and wild places," explained Matt Lee-Ashley, the senior director of environmental strategy and communications at the Center for American Progress, during a press call on the threats to the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. He called the Republican proposal "budgetary make-believe" and "fairy dust."
The problem right now, as Molvar explained, is that there's "a glut of oil and gas on the market," which means that there's actually little demand for new drilling. That, in turn, drives down the prices that the government can get on these leases.
On the press call, David Murphy, a professor of environmental studies at St. Lawrence University, argued that the government would have to get anywhere from $1,300 to $13,000 an acre to make the money Republicans argue they can generate from the refuge. In the real world, the going lease rate for land in the Arctic region is closer to $34 an acre. An analysis from the Center for American Progress shows similar numbers, estimating that the government will only realize around $37.5 million over 10 years, instead of the over $1 billion proponents have claimed.
A similar situation is unfolding in the Sheeprock Mountains area of central Utah. Three conservation groups have made an administrative appeal to contest Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke's efforts to open up the area for fossil fuel development, even though it's crucial habitat for the imperiled sage grouse, a species that's supposed to be protected by Interior Department rules. An additional 350 species, including elk and golden eagle, also face displacement if Zinke goes forward.
Advertisement:
Again, the claimed justification for this move is energy independence and revenue generation. But as Michael Saul, a senior attorney for the Center for Biological Diversity, told Salon, it looks more like an attempt to "sell off bargain-basement oil and gas leases" while the prices are low and there's an administration in Washington that cares more about pleasing drilling interests than about preserving the environment -- or even about realizing a decent financial return on taxpayer-owned lands.
Public documents suggest that “federal agencies have spent at least a million dollars on [species] restoration and reintroduction efforts" in the Sheeprock Mountains, Saul said. "And now they're selling it for $14,000."
Another complicating factor here is that oil prices are so low right now that it's not worth it, in most cases, for companies to open up new drilling ventures. This might lead some to wonder why environmentalists are in a tizzy over this. The government can invite oil companies to drill all they want, but the invisible hand of the marked dictates that they won't bother doing it of they don't stand to make money, right?
The problem, Saul points out, is that these leases are good for at least 10 years. Companies who take out leases may not drill this year or next year, but will have right to jump in as soon as oil prices go up again. "Once that habitat is lost and once that population of birds is gone," Saul added, "there's no easy way of getting that back.”
Advertisement:
Molvar argued that what's going on is not revenue generation, but a cozy deal whereby Republicans help their friends in the oil industry "stockpile leases and stockpile drilling permit approvals" while prices are low, so that when prices increase they can maximize profits by drilling on land they leased for almost nothing.
The grim reality is that the Russia scandal is likely to intensify the rush to make these leases happen. As we've seen with the rushed attempts at repealing Obamacare and now with tax reform, Republicans seem to have a sense that the Trump administration could become embroiled in scandal or go belly-up at almost any moment, which creates a sense of urgency around pushing through their agenda before that happens. The window in which land is both cheap and readily available, due to Republican profligacy, may be very short.
This situation is a neat distillation of the short-sightedness that defines the contemporary Republican Party. Whatever short-term gains are to be made here — largely from campaign contributions, since the taxpayers will gain little and are in fact likely to lose money on many of these deals — come at the expense of long-term and possibly permanent damage to priceless elements of our national heritage, like the Alaskan wilderness or the sage grouse habitat. Oil drills are temporary, but when a species is lost it's gone forever.
Donald Trump leads in the only recent public poll of Indiana, and he leads big in California, in all regions. If these numbers hold up, the odds are in Trump's favor in his effort to secure 1,237 bound delegates before the Cleveland convention.
Indiana (57 delegates, Winner-take-all)
Trump leads Ted Cruz 37 percent to 31 percent according to a WTHR poll (via HotAir). The local outlet has only announced the toplines, and has also teased this detail: "When you drill down into the numbers into core Republicans, which we will do for you tonight on Eyewitness News, it makes this race a virtual tie between Trump and Cruz."
A virtual tie is what Politico found when it peeked into some internal polls.
If the polls are showing a virtual tie, with Kasich in distant third, that suggests that Indiana is prime territory for the NeverTrumpers to coalesce behind one candidate, as they did in Ohio and Wisconsin. If Trump really leads Indiana by 6 points, as WTHR's topline numbers suggest, then Trump could clinch the nomination on June 7, when California and other states vote.
California (172 delegates, mostly by congressional district)
California is the other big question mark along with Indiana. The state votes on June 7, the last day of primary voting. One recent poll, by CBS and YouGov, shows Trump with a massive 18-point lead. Now, winning California isn't enough for Trump to get the nomination. He needs to win a large majority of the congressional districts. Well, this poll suggests he will.
While California's congressional districts are very diverse — economically, racially, politically, ideologically — an 18-point statewide win suggests strength in every corner of the state. And 18 points is the margin in another poll released this week.
The more recent poll, from Sacramento's Capitol Weekly, broke California into 10 regions. Trump won all 10 regions.
That indicates that California could look like the other WTA-by-congressional district states, in which the statewide winner walked away with 75 percent to 100 percent of the delegates.
Trump's path to 1,237
If these polls — whose methodology and sample are more suspect than most polls we've parsed — are correct, then Trump is probably on path to 1,237 bound delegates.
Here's the math on that.
Today, he has 845 bound delegates.
April 26: On Tuesday, he is poised to do well, likely winning more than 100 delegates. About 105 April 26 delegates is a fair guess, leaving him at 950 delegates.
May 3: If Trump wins Indiana, he will have 1,007 delegates.
May 10: West Virginia is a Trump-friendly state, and he could easily carry 27 of the directly-elected delegates plus the 3 bound delegates awarded to the statewide winner, leaving him at 1,037.
May 17: Oregon isn't so Trump-friendly, but it's proportional, so he could easily do okay and pick up 10 delegates (leaving him at 1,047).
May 24: Washington has 44 delegates, allocated proportionally and by congressional district. A bad day here gives him 5 delegates (1,052).
June 7: Trump is the favorite in New Jersey, which is winner take all, putting him at 1,103. He'll probably lose Montana and South Dakota (also WTA). New Mexico, if Trump has a bad showing, will give him about 9 delegates (1,112).
So in California, Trump would need 125 delegates. That's likely if he wins every region and carries the state by 18 points.
On the other hand, if Trump loses Indiana, he would need to outperform all my above guesses in order to get to 1,237.
Timothy P. Carney, the Washington Examiner's senior political columnist, can be contacted at tcarney@washingtonexaminer.com. His column appears Tuesday and Thursday nights on washingtonexaminer.com.
The highest sickness absenteeism rates for local authority staff last year were recorded at Leitrim, Louth and South Dublin county councils.
Figures released by Minister for Housing Simon Coveney to Fianna Fáil TD Barry Cowen show Cavan County Council had the lowest absenteeism rate in the country. However, every local authority reported a higher level of sick leave than the average in the private sector.
South Dublin lost an average of 10.2 sick days per employee. The figure for Leitrim County Council was 12 days, and it was 11.84 days in Louth County Council.
The number of paid working days lost are broken down between medically certified and self-certified sickness. The highest rate of self-certified illness was in Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown County Council at 0.49 per cent.
The overall cost of sick leave in the public service was estimated at €317.9 million for 2015 which represents a saving of €104.4 million on 2013.
Sick pay
The Government introduced measures in 2013 to halve sick leave entitlements for the public sector. The changes allow workers three months' full pay followed by three months' half pay, followed by “temporary rehabilitation pay” for a maximum period of two years for certified sick leave.
The rate of absenteeism in the private sector stands at 2.35 per cent, lower than the figure for any local authority. The sick leave rate in South Dublin County Council is more than twice as high, at 5.67 per cent. Leitrim's absence rate was 5.55 per cent, and Louth's was 5.36 per cent.
Dublin City Council reported absenteeism at 4.54 per cent, Fingal County Council at 4.46 per cent and Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown at 4.19 per cent.
Only five days per employee were lost in Cavan County Council, which had the lowest rate in the country at 2.62 per cent. Wicklow County Council had the second lowest rate, losing 7.15 days per employee (3.25 per cent).
Absenteeism rates attributed to illness in city and county councils have been on the rise for almost a decade. They have fallen significantly since 2013 but had risen until that point.
No targets
There was no figure included in the parliamentary reply on how much the absenteeism rates cost the Government. A Local Government Audit Service review in 2013 put the cost to the State at €64 million. The report found one-third of local authorities had set no target for cutting absenteeism and half had no attendance management plan.
The main causes of short-term-illness absence are flus, colds and respiratory tract infections. Long-term sickness factors are musculoskeletal disorders, post-surgery convalescence and acute medical conditions such as cancers.
Police briefly detained but then released the driver of a pickup who drove through counter-protesters leaving a conservative rally Sunday and appeared to come close to hitting some of them in downtown Vancouver.
The confrontation sparked a furious reaction on social media as people noted it came a month after a woman was killed and 19 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia, when a car plowed through a crowd protesting a white nationalist rally.
No one was injured in the Vancouver encounter, said police spokeswoman Lt. Kathy McNicholas.
Videos show a black Chevy pickup adorned with American flags and a Confederate sticker stopped as a crowd of people walk toward it in the street near the Vancouver Convention Center. One demonstrator holds up his arms and appears to block the truck's way.
The truck revs its engines and reverses away from the marchers, but then drives forward through the crowd walking in the middle of Columbia Street, videos posted by people there show. It goes through a red light at a nearby intersection and then stops when a car quickly veers in front of it. Police then put the driver in handcuffs to cheers from the crowd.
People yelled at the driver and appeared to throw objects at the truck during the face-off, including rocks and a glass bottle that shattered near its rear wheel, witnesses said. Some people appeared to scramble out of its way and onto the sidewalk.
Police held the driver for a few minutes, then let him go because it wasn't clear if he had committed a crime, McNicholas said.
"The officers on the scene couldn't determine if his intent was to harm anyone or if it was because he feared for his safety and was trying to escape harm," she said.
The case will be referred to the Clark County Prosecuting Attorney's Office for review, she said.
She didn't know the man's identity because a police report in the case hadn't been written yet, she said.
Attempts to reach the driver through a publicly listed telephone number were unsuccessful Monday.
A change.org petition had collected almost 800 signatures by early Monday evening urging authorities to file charges against the driver.
The pickup had Oregon license plates with what sounded like a horn that played strains of the song "Dixie." The crowd included a few dozen people, including anti-fascist protesters, reporters and others.
The altercation followed two rallies - one in Vancouver and in downtown Portland - held by a conservative group called Patriot Prayer. Both rallies drew counter-protests.
Two people were arrested in Vancouver in incidents unrelated to the pickup and seven people were arrested in Portland.
Joey Gibson, Patriot Prayer's leader, said videos he'd seen appeared to show counter-protesters trying to hit the pickup.
"When we protest, we've got to leave the bystanders out of it," Gibson said. "Don't block traffic."
Several posts on social media identify the Chevy driver as a Portland man who works for an auto salvage dealership.
A video posted on Facebook shows a man wearing a shirt with the salvage business logo, standing on top of a U.S.-flag-covered black pickup with the same license plates as in the earlier videos.
The video shows the man with his arms outstretched and holding two American flags. "No jail for this proud USA patriot," he says.
Vancouver police asked anyone with information, photos or video of a crime during the gathering or who was a crime victim to contact their tip line at 360-487-7399 so an officer can follow up.
Bethany Barnes and Shane Dixon Kavanaugh of The Oregonian/OregonLive staff contributed to this report.
-- Everton Bailey Jr.
ebailey@oregonian.com
503-221-8343; @EvertonBailey
Jürgen Klopp can occasionally not answer the question posed to him, and he was at it again after Liverpool's 4-1 victory against West Ham United. Asked by a reporter to assess the contributions of Sadio Mané and Mohamed Salah, both of whom were excellent on a chilly evening in east London, Klopp decided instead to tell “the story of the game”, a blow‑by‑blow account of proceedings that lasted for four minutes.
It was a somewhat rambling response but, as is often the case with Klopp, also illuminating, and in this instance no more so than when the German spoke about Liverpool's tactical plan for this fixture. “We changed the system,” he said. “The 4-4-2, which looked from the beginning a very offensive line-up, we had a different idea, we wanted to defend deeper, more compact.”
Álvaro Morata heads Chelsea to victory over Manchester United Read more
The explanation caught the attention not only because of the insight it offered but also because it pointed towards a potentially significant evolution in Liverpool's development. Here was a new system deployed with the intent of making the team hard to break down – “defend deeper”, “compact”; words you do not often hear from a manager renowned for setting up his side to be on the front foot from the outset.
That has sometimes been Liverpool's undoing under Klopp, seen most obviously in their recent defeat to Tottenham Hotspur, but here there was no chance of a repeat – partly due to the opposition being glaringly inferior but also because of Liverpool's out-of-possession shape; two good old-fashioned banks of four, close together, cautious. Compact.
When Liverpool then pressed and countered, it was not only fast but also imaginative. Their shape went to a 4-2-4 in a blink of an eye, even sometimes a 2-4-4 with the full-backs, Joe Gomez and Alberto Moreno, lined up alongside the two central midfielders, Georginio Wijnaldum and Emre Can, as Liverpool's front four of Mané, Roberto Firmino, Salah and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain went for the kill, often rotating positions as they did so. During the first half in particular, West Ham were left confused and overrun in a manner that bore the hallmarks of Borussia Dortmund at their peak under Klopp.
It would be foolish to get carried away – this Liverpool side are not yet that Dortmund side and West Ham really were poor, delivering the type of display that makes it impossible to see Slaven Bilic continuing as manager. Nevertheless, Liverpool's approach was striking and came at a notable time.
For it was exactly 12 months ago – Sunday 6 November 2016, to be precise – that they last topped the Premier League, having beaten Watford 6-1 at Anfield.
That was meant to mark lift-off for Klopp's team but instead they slipped to second after their next fixture and have not returned to the summit since, with this campaign marked by the type of results and displays that suggest the team are going backwards under the man they hired 25 months ago.
The statistics bear that out. After the Watford game, which was their 11th of the 2016-17 season, Liverpool had 26 points, had scored 30 goals and conceded 14. At the same stage of this campaign they have 19 points, have scored 21 goals and conceded 17. According to Opta, they are also down in other areas, including possession (59.5% this season compared to 61.2% last), tackles success rate (18.1% compared to 19.1%), and big-chance conversion (46.7% compared to 60.7%).
And 12 months on from being leaders, Liverpool are sixth and 12 points behind the pace-setters, Manchester City. That already looks an insurmountable gap for a club craving a first championship since 1990.
Hence scepticism regarding the job Klopp is doing, yet given the way City have begun it is unlikely any side will stop them claiming the title. Also, it should be remembered Klopp is navigating his side through a Champions League as well as domestic programme this season, and sitting top of Group E with eight points after four fixtures, Liverpool look well placed to progress to the knockout stages.
Then there is the team. Deficiencies remain, and in that regard the failure to acquire another centre-back during the summer remains naive bordering on negligent. But overall since Klopp arrived, Liverpool have purchased well and in Salah have arguably the signing of the season. The Egyptian has not only provided pace and energy since arriving from Roma for £36.9m but also goals, with the two he got at West Ham taking his tally to 12 in 17 appearances. This is a winger, remember.
West Ham's naivety and lack of application leave Slaven Bilic on brink | Paul MacInnes Read more
Mané, who assisted Salah's two goals, with Joël Matip and Oxlade-Chamberlain also getting on the scoresheet, looks up to speed after his earlier than expected return from injury and with Philippe Coutinho and Adam Lallana expected to return after the international break, Liverpool will only become more dangerous going forward. From a defensive point of view, it should also be noted that this is a team that, relatively, do not concede many chances.
So it is not all bad, with the tactics deployed by Klopp on Saturday hinting at the next stage of a plan being put in place. Liverpool may not be where they want to be, but neither are they necessarily too far off.
Once the balls started bouncing, Luol Deng's priorities changed.
That doesn't mean that his offseason still doesn't resonate, just that Tuesday's exhibition against the visiting Atlanta Hawks is more about developing continuity with his new Miami Heat teammates than making a social statement.
The veteran forward stressed after Monday's practice at AmericanAirlines Arena that he is not necessarily moving on from the racially insensitive comments made amid a scouting presentation by Hawks General Manager Danny Ferry, but that with the Heat 0-3 in the preseason, this is neither the time nor the place, despite the opponent.
"I'm focusing on us and what we've got to do," he said, noting that he still is trying to find his way through the Heat's defensive scheme, taking blame for his positioning errors in recent games. "It's another opportunity for us to keep jelling."
Ferry is on a leave of absence from Atlanta, having already been privately sanctioned by the Hawks, with the team's majority stake for sale amid a racially insensitive email by an owner.
"Obviously that's going to be in the back of your head, but it's not the players that I'm playing against," Deng stressed when asked of any animosity toward the Hawks. "They're not the ones who said what was said."
Photos of the former Bulls forward
What was said was this, according to an audio tape released in September of a scouting report Ferry offered in June:
"He's a good guy overall, but not perfect. He's got some African in him. And I don't consider that in a bad way other than is he's a guy that'll side deal behind you, if that makes sense. Like he has a storefront out front that's beautiful and great, but he may be selling some counterfeit stuff behind you."
Deng said during last month's media day that he had spoken to Ferry, forgiven him, and planned to place his focus on adjusting to his new team.
But with the Hawks the next opponent, the questions returned Monday.
"Like I said, I spoke to Danny Ferry before and it was over with after that," Deng said. "I told him what I had to say, and I really meant what I said. I really forgive him. I know it keeps coming up, but, honestly, I'm totally over it."
Deng prefers to see positives that might come out of the episode.
"The way it was used is a bad term," he said, "but it gave an opportunity for all the young African kids to hear me speak out of how proud I am of being African, so that's an advantage I would take out of that."
Deng previously spoke with Ferry about a joint project to avoid such episodes going forward.
"Hopefully we will. I think in the future it's going to keep coming up and people are always going to talk about this incident and I just feel like we could make it in a way where somebody would benefit from it, because of the outcome of it," Deng said.
"If nothing was said, maybe we wouldn't have done anything. Now that's something has been said, let somebody benefit from all the mistakes that were made for the words that were being said. Basically, just turn a negative into a positive. So when everybody looks back at it, we can always say. 'They turned it into something better than it was.' "
The irony is that Deng thought the Hawks would be his landing spot in free agency, with Atlanta still left with a void at small forward, DeMarre Carroll again the likely starter. Instead Deng signed with the Heat well before the ill-worded scouting report became public.
"It sounded like it was the spot for me," Deng said.
The irony is that Heat center Chris Bosh was in Africa at the time, helping the Heat make their pitch to Deng, a native of South Sudan who was raised in England.
"C.B. was in Ghana with a couple of my friends that I grew up with," Deng said. "And C.B. kind of spoke to them and they reached out and stuff like that. And the more I looked into it, it really didn't matter if LeBron [James, who left in free agency to the Cleveland Cavaliers] was here or not. I know some people said that I came afterward. But it just made sense for me."
Now, Deng has moved forward, hoping all those involved can, as well.
"I really just want to focus on my team, on my teammates, on what we have to do and how to get better," he said. "This is my job and that's what I want to focus on. The time will come when there's an opportunity to do something."
iwinderman@tribune.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
All you really need to know about Darrell Issa's renewed crusade to get the “truth” about last year's Benghazi attacks is that his report on the alleged Accountability Review Board “whitewash” mentions former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 33 times.
Oh, and it also got a key fact or two wrong. At least.
Advertisement:
On Thursday the ARB chairs, Adm. Mike Mullen and former Ambassador Thomas Pickering, testified at a House Oversight Committee hearing arranged to promote Issa's newest “scandal”: his claim that the ARB protected Clinton from responsibility in the deaths of Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans at the Benghazi compound last year. (Issa does not appear to realize that Clinton immediately and repeatedly took full and public responsibility for the deaths.)
Sadly for Issa, he immediately had to retract one of his report's most inflammatory charges: that Mullen had “undermined” the review board's credibility by giving State Department Chief of Staff (and longtime Clinton aide) Cheryl Mills an inappropriate “heads up” before her testimony to the ARB. In fact, Mullen testified to the Oversight Committee that he had notified Mills about the planned congressional testimony of another State Department official, Charlene Lamb (who was ultimately among four employees singled out for criticism in the ARB report).
Issa called the distortion of Mullen's actual testimony an unintentional “typo” – even though he's been hyping it as central to his “whitewash” charges.
Another day, another Darrell Issa embarrassment.
Far from being a “whitewash,” the ARB found fault with the security-related decision-making of four State Department officials, who have since been removed from their posts. But Mullen and Pickering have repeatedly said they found no evidence that any of those individuals passed concerns about Benghazi security to department higher-ups.
Because Pickering spent 42 years at the State Department, Issa accused him of “bias.” In fact such review boards always include principals with experience in the field – the five-member Benghazi ARB included two State Department insiders and three outsiders, including Mullen.
Advertisement:
Pickering shot back:
Mr. Chairman, with the greatest respect, this was not, quote, a ‘gotcha' investigative panel. The responsibilities were to provide recommendations to see that we do our best never to let this happen again. Would you choose, put it this way, someone with no experience to come in and investigate and carry forward the work? We used to years ago elect military officers. we stopped that a long time ago. I suspect that brain surgery was one of the most early professionalized occupations in the world. Why would you choose a panel of people who knew nothing about the responsibilities? Nothing about how and in what way they were carried out? The value of this panel was three were from outside and only two of us were from inside, hopefully to give precisely the cross current of controversy, discussion, questioning and examination that you just expressed the hope we had. We, sir, had that.
So far, the hearing seems to be answering one question I've had about Issa's crusade: Why did he wait so long to interview Pickering and Mullen in public? Back in May, both men volunteered to give public testimony to the committee about the ARB process. But Issa declined; he insisted they testify privately. From their private testimony, the GOP majority produced the myth- and error-ridden report they leaked earlier this week. Now, so far in public testimony, Issa has been embarrassed twice – and it's still early. No wonder he hoped to take his first crack at Pickering and Mullen out of camera range.
The ranking Democrat on the committee, Elijah Cummings, produced a counterreport that documented the distortion of Mullen's testimony about Cheryl Mills and other such factual errors and leaps of illogic in Issa's IRB review. (It's here.) Among Cummings' findings: There was no “stand down” order to the military; Clinton did not personally sign a cable authorizing security reductions to the temporary facility; in fact, officials have been removed from their posts for bad judgment on Benghazi security.
To Issa's assertion that military help should have been ordered, Mullen replied: “There's no one I've ever met in the military that wouldn't want to get help there instantly," [but] “the physics of it, the reality of it, it just wasn't going to happen for 12 to 20 hours.” Cummings' report also quotes Pickering explaining that he owed it to Chris Stevens to conduct a thorough review: “Chris gave me two wonderful years of his life in supporting me in very difficult circumstances,” Pickering told the committee in June. “I owed him, his family, and the families of the other people who died the best possible report we could put together."
Advertisement:
Over at Hot Air, Ed Morrissey reveals the right-wing reasoning behind the renewed Benghazi obsession:
[It] will put a lot of public pressure on Hillary to make an appearance at the Oversight hearings, which takes the onus off of Republicans to issue a subpoena. At that point, Issa will issue a public invitation to Hillary to address the issues that have arisen from a multitude of sources about the incompetence and deceit at State during her tenure. If she refuses to appear, that's not going to look good, regardless of whether she wants to run for office later or not. It won't prevent Oversight from making a damning case about her leadership at State, either.
Morrissey is right about one thing: Nothing will prevent Issa from making a damning case about Clinton's leadership, whether or not one exists.
My fellow Americans, you can say that you are witnessing history.
I'm not talking about last year's largely unexpected election of President Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE. I'm referring to a fundamentally new paradigm in American politics: the death of the two-party system as we know it.
But don't take my word for it. Listen to John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE.
During a recent interview, when asked what he thinks historians will make of his Speakership, the “unchained” former Speaker matter-of-factly stated: “They'll be talking about the end of the two-party system.”
ADVERTISEMENT
So, with unexpected insight and scar-grounded wisdom, John Boehner, in a yoda-like manner, identifies what would be the most transformational event for American politics in the 21st century.
It appears the only thing that's filtered for John Boehner these days are his Camel 99 cigarettes.
But you can see the numbers starting to bear this out. An NBC/WSJ poll out last week shows Trump's continuing strong popularity within the GOP. In fact, Trump enjoys the highest popularity ratings among GOP respondents. He is more popular than the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.), Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.), former Trump chief White House strategist Stephen Bannon, GOP members of the House and the Senate, and the Republican Party itself.
But Donald Trump is but one feature of this potential political transformation in American politics. Behold the net negative view of both parties by all respondents (Democrats, Republicans, and Independents) in the same poll:
Democratic Party:
32 percent positive and 42 percent negative (net negative of 10 percent)
Republican Party:
27 percent positive and 46 percent negative (net negative of 19 percent)
Clearly, there is opportunity for something else new in our politics beyond Trump.
This poll comes as Democrats enjoyed a strong election night performance on Tuesday. Does what happened on Election Day in 2017 foreshadow anything for next year's election? Perhaps it is an indicator of energy and salient issues. But it would be a mistake for Democrats to assume they will be successful on election night in 2018.
The more realistic interpretation is that this is yet another example of reaction and rejection: Trump can be seen as a reaction to former President Obama and a rejection of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE; similarly, the success of the Democrats on Tuesday could be seen as a reaction to Donald Trump and a rejection of the GOP's failure to govern effectively and inclusively.
Yet, I believe there are larger, more important phenomena occurring within American politics today.
Identity is “trumping” party. National politics today is more about how people identify with the candidate than the party. There are complex, identity-based dynamics driving American politics today. That's why we continue to see various groups vote against their economic interests across the political spectrum and irrespective of class: working class who vote for candidates promoting tax cuts for the wealthy; wealthy, white collar professionals who vote for candidates that want to raise their taxes; and women and minority-owned businesses that vote for candidates who want to increase corporate taxes, payroll taxes, and regulatory costs. What we are witnessing is a struggle for the identity of America itself.
Our identity-based politics could lead to an American version of a multi-party system. America no longer has two political parties. We have been witnessing the emergence of something of a multi-party system. In fact, one, at least, has already named itself: the TEA (Taxed Enough Already) Party. And the hyper “identitization” of American politics is not only driving the fracturing of the GOP. A deep rift has emerged between the so-called “Clinton wing” and the “Sanders-Warren” wing of the Democratic party. The real soul searching for the Democrats will come in the lead-up to the 2020 presidential election. They don't have to make tough choices now about who they are. But if the Democrats lose again to Trump in 2020 (that is, if Trump even runs), a new, Sanders-Warren type of party will likely emerge.
There's no party for “the middle:” Even though Trump is gaining with the extreme right and the Sanders-Warren political worldview is increasingly where the energy is among the left, no one represents the political middle. Not only isn't there a leader emerging to capture that portion of the political “white space,” a “middle coalition” — committed to governance and solutions — is being fractured and diluted by the legacy two-party system and obstructionist strategies by both Democrats and Republicans. But “middle” is increasingly becoming an identity.
So, there is an opportunity to transform American politics in the way that John Boehner alluded to in his “death of the two-party system” quip. But it is not going to happen in Washington, D.C., (per usual), it must happen out in the country — where a “middle coalition” can be formed, incubated, emerge, and injected back into D.C.
The problem, of course, is that those who are “in the middle” seemingly do not have a homogenous world view and political ideology. But I do think there could be a coherent ideology for a “middle coalition” through a governance-focused approach: one that works toward progressive goals through conservative means. In other words, an approach that prioritizes the whole but does so via conservative, market-based, fiscally responsible means.
Call this “middle coalition” the new “Governance Party.”
In the end, I hope John Boehner is right. Our static two-party system does not meet the needs and varying worldviews of our country today. We must have new ideas injected into our politics, and we need a genuine focus on governance.
But before a “Governance Party” can govern, a “middle coalition” insurgency needs to coalesce, led by disaffected Republicans, Democrats and independents, in cities, small towns, and local communities. This is the only place from which our politics can be transformed and our country can be renewed.
John Boehner would probably cry and then smoke to that.
Alex Gallo served as a professional staff member with the House Armed Services Committee. He is a West Point graduate, a combat veteran, and a graduate of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. His work has been published by The Washington Post, National Review, The Huffington Post, The Hill, and Foreign Affairs. You can follow him on Twitter @AlexGalloUSA.
Some fountains and sinks at the University of New Brunswick have been turned off after water showed unsafe levels of lead.
Students and faculty at the Fredericton campus received an email Tuesday saying some water tests had come back showing higher than acceptable lead levels. UNB is expected to have more concrete results by Thursday or Friday.
Cristin Muecke, the area's public health officer, said unsafe levels of lead pose a risk to everyone, but especially to children.
"Lead in any form can, in quantities over a long period of time, primarily cause effects on the nervous system," she said.
"Symptoms like headache, fatigue and that sort of thing. Particularly of concern among children is the intellectual development — there can be intellectual delays."
Some UNB students live on campus with their children.
Muecke said the public health department has been involved with the UNB situation. She said lead in water generally comes from lead pipes or lead solder used before the 1990s.
UNB declined to speak to CBC News on camera. It said it would only comment when conclusive results were in later this week and when the university community was informed.
Students unsure what's safe
Nursing student Alysha Manderson said her class has talked about the water, and she's not sure which water is safe and which is is risky.
"They usually have the out-of-service signs upstairs and they said downstairs was fine. I don't know if it is or not."
St. Thomas University, just up the hill from UNB, has six new fountains with have lead-reducing filters, but officials are testing again after the UNB results.
"About half our buildings are new, half have been here a while, so what we're going to do is take samples this morning and get … them tested," said spokesman Jeffrey Carleton. "We'll go from there based on the results."
Advertisement Covington police: Teens repeatedly call 911; Request chicken, Kool-Aid Officers notified during last call that shooter was at school Share Copy Link Copy
Two teens were taken into custody Monday morning accused of making repeated fake 911 calls in Covington.It all started out when the Covington Police Department received the first 911 call sometime Tuesday morning. The caller said he had been "shot" and then hung up."With today's 911 technology, dispatchers were able to determine that the call originated from the area of 28th Avenue," the CPD said.CPD said that several other calls were made to the Police Department, during which the callers yelled obscenities at the dispatchers. During the final call, the individual stated he was at William Pitcher Junior High and a person was "shooting up the school."Investigators said that the caller ended the conversation by requesting officers bring some "fried chicken and Kool-Aid" to the school. WPJH is an hour north of New Orleans.“We sent units screaming to the school, of course, to find everything safe. Our kids were fine. In a matter of minutes we were able to identify who the callers were,” said Covington Police Chief Timothy Lentz.Investigators worked with school administration and dispatch to determine the phone was in possession of a student at the school. It was later determined that two 14-year-old students made the calls while they were riding the bus to WPJH."We take all issues surrounding the safety of our students seriously," CPD Chief Tim Lentz said. "The partnership we share between our school administrators and first responders allowed us to identify the perpetrators of this crime quickly and send a clear message that this behavior will not be tolerated."Both teens were charged with terrorizing and telephone harassment. They were transported to the Florida Parish Juvenile Detention Center.“Just last week, two school shootings. You can't joke about these matters,” said Lentz. “It takes time. It takes resources. It takes the efforts of law enforcement to disprove these crimes. We spent half the day dealing with this.”A spokesperson for St. Tammany Parish Schools said they could not comment on how the teens will be disciplined because of student confidentiality issues, but she did note proper action will be taken based on district protocol. She also said a letter was sent home to parents explaining what happened at the school.
Symfony has one component called The Event Dispatcher. This component is one implementation of Mediator pattern and it's widely used in modern frameworks, such as Symfony. Silex, as a part of Symfony, also uses this component and we can easily use it in our projects. Let me show you one little example. Imagine one simple route in Silex to create one png file containing one text:
$app->get("/gd/{text}", function($text) { $path = "/tmp/qr.png." . uniqid(); $im = imagecreate(90, 30); $background = imagecolorallocate($im, 255, 255, 255); $color = imagecolorallocate($im, 0, 0, 0); imagestring($im, 5, 5, 5, $text, $color); imagepng($im, $path); imagedestroy($im); return $app->sendFile($path); });
It works, but there's one mistake. We need to unlink our temporally file $path, but where? We need to do if after “return $app->sendFile($path);” but it's not possible.
$app->get("/gd/{text}", function($text) { $path = "/tmp/qr.png." . uniqid(); $im = imagecreate(90, 30); $background = imagecolorallocate($im, 255, 255, 255); $color = imagecolorallocate($im, 0, 0, 0); imagestring($im, 5, 5, 5, $text, $color); imagepng($im, $path); imagedestroy($im); return $app->sendFile($path, 200, ['Content-Type' => 'image/png']);; unlink($path); // unreachable code });
We can use BinaryFileResponse instead of the helper function “sendFile”, but there's one smarter solution: The event dispatcher.
use Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\KernelEvents; $app->get("/gd/{text}", function($text) use (app) { $im = imagecreate(90, 30); $path = "/tmp/qr.png." . uniqid(); $background = imagecolorallocate($im, 255, 255, 255); $color = imagecolorallocate($im, 0, 0, 0); imagestring($im, 5, 5, 5, $text, $color); imagepng($im, $path); imagedestroy($im); $app['dispatcher']->addListener(KernelEvents::TERMINATE, function() use ($path) { unlink($path); }); return $app->sendFile($path, 200, ['Content-Type' => 'image/png']); });
(Updated! thanks to Hakin's recommendation)
Or even better using Silex's Filters. In this case we after or finish. In fact those filters are nothing more than an elegant way to speak to the event dispatcher.
$app->get("/gd/{text}", function($text) use (app) { $im = imagecreate(90, 30); $path = "/tmp/qr.png." . uniqid(); $background = imagecolorallocate($im, 255, 255, 255); $color = imagecolorallocate($im, 0, 0, 0); imagestring($im, 5, 5, 5, $text, $color); imagepng($im, $path); imagedestroy($im); $app->after(function() use ($path) { unlink($path); }); return $app->sendFile($path, 200, ['Content-Type' => 'image/png']); });
We also can use the generic function to add events to the event listener:
use Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\KernelEvents; $app->get("/gd/{text}", function($text) use (app) { $im = imagecreate(90, 30); $path = "/tmp/qr.png." . uniqid(); $background = imagecolorallocate($im, 255, 255, 255); $color = imagecolorallocate($im, 0, 0, 0); imagestring($im, 5, 5, 5, $text, $color); imagepng($im, $path); imagedestroy($im); $app->on(KernelEvents::TERMINATE, function() use ($path) { unlink($path); }); return $app->sendFile($path, 200, ['Content-Type' => 'image/png']); });
Now our temporally file will be deleted once a response is sent. Life is simpler with event dispatcher 🙂
Advertisements
A black box is a device, object, or system whose inner workings are unknown; only the "stimuli inputs" and "output reactions" are known characteristics.
Black box may also refer to:
Science and technology [ edit ]
Black box (phreaking), a device to defeat telephone toll charges
Eucalyptus largiflorens, a tree species with the common name black box
Transportation [ edit ]
Computing [ edit ]
Black box theory, a systems engineering theory for black boxes
Black-box testing, a form of software testing that involves adjusting inputs to an application without reference to the source code of the application
Blackbox, a window manager that works on X Window System platforms
BlackBox Component Builder, software development environment for Component Pascal
Sun Modular Datacenter, prototype name Project Blackbox
Medicine [ edit ]
Any of a number of devices developed and sold by Albert Abrams, based on the pseudo-science of radionics
Film and television [ edit ]
Games [ edit ]
Literature [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
Other uses [ edit ]
Motorola has released two smartphones in the year already, and it is already rumored that the firm will launch a bunch of smartphones in coming days including the upgrades to last year's Moto E3 and Moto E3 Power, named as Moto E4 and E4 Plus.
While the internet is filled with the several renders of smaller sibling Moto E4, we are bringing you the exclusive first real life images of the E4 Plus, which will pack a massive 5000mAh battery.
As you can see in the images, the E4 design of the phone is on par with earlier leaked renders, but nevertheless, the back panel is removable, same as the Motorola Moto G5 released recently.
The SIM card tray and the microSD card slot are below the back panel, and the battery is removable as well. However, the speaker placement is slightly awkward though at the rear left of the phone.
Recently, complete specs of the Moto E4 Plus have leaked online and going by that leak, the E4 Plus will have a 5.5-inch HD display. It may be powered by the MediaTek MT6737M SoC, clubbed with 2GB/3GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage.
As far as optics are concerned, it is said to sport a 13MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5MP front-facing flash that also comes with support for LED flash. The device runs Android 7.1 Nougat and aforesaid, it gets a massive 5000mAh battery.
The lull between VGL qualifying rounds and updates feels almost peaceful. It's a chance to experiment with the new changes and barely keep yourself form rage pinging when your solo queue teammate obviously hasn't gotten the message that the jungle creeps will straight wreck you. But that doesn't mean there isn't news!
VGL Second Qualifier Seeds Announced
On February 13th, the 2nd qualifier for Vainglory League winter season begins. The 1st qualifier was important, but this tournament is the deciding factor in making it to the Winter Season finals. 64 teams are once again divided into four separate brackets and the number one seeds are; GankStars Sirius, Alliance, Nemisis Hydra and GankStars Vega. The accompanying articles give some great insight into what this 2nd qualifier means for the Season.
Hero Sale
In case you wander blindly through life, or just tend to log into the game and immediately smash your greasy finger on Ranked Match, you might not know that Ardan, Joule and Skaarf are dirt cheap right now. Through February 13th you can get these three for a paltry 2,000 Glory apiece. All three are definitely worth picking up, which I say even though I'm only good with one. It's Ardan. I love Ardan. You know, I'm not done talking about him yet.
Thunderdome Ardan
Forget Fury Rona, Update 1.14 Thunderdome Ardan is the real apocalypse. A bug in Ardan's energy to crystal power conversion resulted in obscene amounts of damage from his Gauntlet. SEMC was quick to address and issued a hot fix repairing this and several other problems including; Reim's root mechanic not working, Petal's minions not increasing in power with levels and items, Ozo's Bangarang knocking back turrets and Kraken and tutorial bots dying to jungle creeps. Ardan may be back to being a decent support behind Catherine and possibly even Adagio this update, but we will always have the memories.
Red Envelopes
Daily Red Envelope gifts were announced with the new update, but sneaky Super Evil didn't mention you have the potential to receive bonus Red Envelopes after casual and ranked games. Each drop will give 50 Glory, which is almost like getting double Glory! Oh yeah, they're also doing double Glory days. These guys, am I right?
Guild Fame Requirements Increased
A visual bug caused bile to rise around the world when players thought SEMC had inexplicably lowered Guild reward payouts for fame. This was addressed and corrected, but it should stand to mention that the fame required to level up has gone up. In short, your guild will need almost twice as much experience to reach level 90 in Season 2.
GankStars Roster Change
In a professional goodbye to CullTheMeek, GankStars announced that FooJee will be moving from Vega to Sirius to fill the vacancy in the roster. Vega and Polaris are in turn getting new additions to round out the teams. GankStars look good moving toward the next round of VGL. Best of luck!
Team Phoenix Tournament
As of this writing, I believe Team Phoenix is still only about three weeks old. Despite their infancy, they held a tournament this past Saturday and all the cool kids came. 32 teams fought single elimination, best of 3 for semis and finals, and GankStars Sirius came out on top with their new roster. Halcyon Hammers Velocity took second place and Nemisis Hydra and Titan were awarded 3rd and 4th place respectively. This is some of the first competitive play on the new update and could say a lot about what we can expect for VGL next week. Team Phoenix put together this most excellent highlight reel if you didn't have a chance to watch the streamed finals.
Vertigo Studios
Another great move in our little community is the promising growth of Team Vertigo. Just announced this weekend is Vertigo Studios, a series of streams promoting friendly match ups and more. I've had the pleasure of casting for Vertigo and look forward to what they have in store for this new venture.
_________________________________________________________________________________________
Season 2 is shaping up to be quite exciting for the Vainglory community, but what I'm most jazzed about are all the big ways guilds are growing and evolving. Every week it seems like our world is becoming something greater, and I'm just happy to be a part of it. Until next time, may the Fold smile upon you year of the monkeys and draft last pick flunkies.
G8 'neglecting hunger fight pledge' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk G8 leaders have been accused of neglecting a pledge to fight hunger in poor countries. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/g8-neglecting-hunger-fight-pledge-28635174.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article25779390.ece/83b97/AUTOCROP/h342/UK%20News%207-1.jpg
Email
G8 leaders have been accused of neglecting a pledge to fight hunger in poor countries.
Anti-poverty group ONE said the drought crisis in east Africa is a "wake-up call" to Governments who pledged to help feed the hungry in Africa two years ago.
A spokeswoman from the group said leaders of the rich world meeting at the G8 summit in Italy in 2009 pledged 22 billion US dollars (£13.7 billion) to go towards agricultural projects designed to put Africa on the road towards food self-sufficiency, rather than on emergency aid during famines and disasters.
But a report published on Sunday found that since world leaders pledged the cash, only a fifth of the money has been donated. With just one year to go until the deadline for the donations, the report found that the UK has only pledged 30% of the 1.7 billion dollars (£1.1 billion) it pledged, a ONE spokeswoman said. She said that collectively the countries have raised 22% of the financial pledges.
ONE executive director Jamie Drummond said: "World leaders are guilty of letting slide their promises to fight the root causes of hunger, in particular very low agricultural productivity in regions like sub-Saharan Africa. We should not need a food crisis to wake us up to the need to not just give food aid now, but also deliver on the promised partnership with African leaders, citizens and the private sector to boost yields across the region.
"Fortunately with food security on the agenda of the G20 later this year there is a real opportunity for a new partnership to turn this around. With the right support, Africans can both feed themselves and export to the world, helping them fight hunger and poverty and helping us all with lower food prices."
A ONE spokeswoman said the Government deserves praise for pledging emergency food relief for 1.3 million people in Ethiopia for three months in response to the current crisis. The Department for International Development donated £38 million to the World Food Programme which will provide the food aid that the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) will be distributing.
The worst drought in over half a century has hit parts of East Africa, affecting more than 10 million people. Thousands of families have travelled for days across scorched scrubland from Somalia to Kenya, including barefoot children with no food or water, after their crops and livestock were destroyed by drought.
The DEC, the umbrella body representing the UK's 14 leading aid agencies, said acute malnutrition has reached 37% in some parts of north east Kenya and child refugees from Somalia are dying of causes related to malnutrition either during the journey or very shortly after arrival at aid camps.
British donations to a DEC appeal for support have now risen to £8 million, the committee said. But the situation is set to deteriorate over the next three to four months and campaigners say continued funding is vital.
Press Association
Last updated 1 year ago
Bullying victim Daniel Fitzpatrick, a thirteen-year-old boy, was in the news last week after taking his own life. Daniel tried and failed to get help but ultimately the system failed him. That's not what this blog piece is about.
This piece is the flipside of that one.
This piece is about parenting a bully. A sort of We Need to Talk About Kevin, writ large, complete with advice. That was a book and movie that was compelling because it felt so true (it wasn't) and because Kevin was truly horrible. We felt for his mother.
But we also understood why she stood alone.
Bullying stories, you see, tend to feature the victims and their parents. You'll see the sad victim, read a father's Facebook post, and somewhere near the end of the story, encounter a photo of the grieving family, minus one member. It makes sense. From the writer's standpoint, at least. It's what the people want.
People are goodhearted. They like to cry, to empathize. And what could possibly drive empathy more than a bullying victim?
But the parents of a bully? They too, are deserving of empathy, but somehow, no one really believes that deep down. You always look at a bully and wonder what kind of parent produced that monster. There's a judgment that somehow it's GOT to be your fault.
It's pretty hard to get past that knee-jerk reaction.
Not to mention, in seeking help for the child who engages in bullying, there's this feeling of betrayal. You feel you're trash-talking your own child. All of which makes it difficult for parents of bullies to go and get caring help for the awful problem.
That is why you will continue to see stories like Daniel Fitzpatrick's story and less like this one. Bullying isn't even close to being past tense. It's going to keep happening, and as long as it does, there will be other victims, other suicides, to feed public curiosity, the desire to feel and empathize, and yes: cry.
But rather than help the parents of the bullies help their children to STOP being bullies, we will continue to focus on the damage to the victims.
Yes. They deserve our empathy and compassion. But you can't help a suicide.
An active bully on the other hand. Well, there is something to work with.
If that sounds cruel, take a step back and think about it: if you want to stop bullying and make sure there are no more Daniel Fitzpatricks, you need to address the root cause. You need to put a stop to the bully.
Owning Up: Accepting Your Child's Role
That begins with recognizing the bully. We think of someone big, with a swagger. Someone stronger than all the others, thus able to command and overpower.
But that isn't necessarily how it works. Anyone can be a bully. Including your (sweet, delicate) child. Even though your first reaction as a parent is denial: Not my child.
Know this: helping your child to be healthy and whole begins with looking at the canvas and seeing what you have.
Listen to the accusations of bullying and investigate. If true, your child needs help. Your child needs to know you love him no matter what. Your child needs these things to be whole, healthy, and productive.
Shoving the matter of bullying under the rug, on the other hand, will not make it go away, but will only make it fester. Taking the matter in hand and owning the truth, is the road to recovery and health, and a better future for all involved (no more Daniel Fitzpatricks).
Profile Of A Bully
Let's begin with the profile of the bully. Children who bully are more likely to have experienced academic failure, depression, violence, and crime. The bullying is a reaction to the child's situation, the environment in which he finds himself. He has a need to gain control over his situation. He does this by dominating a peer.
A bully can be of any family background, gender, race, income level, or religion. In spite of the differences, children who engage in bullying tend to share one or more of these traits:
Tends to blame others for his/her behavior, tries to avoid accepting responsibility
Doesn't understand how others feel, doesn't make the attempt to understand, and feels little or no compassion for others
Has been a victim of bullying
Has poor social skills, is awkward
Wants to be in control all the time
Is depressed, feels anxious or frustrated
Seeks to find acceptance with a crowd that engages in bullying
Bullying: How Is It Done?
Bullying isn't about fighting over who gets the plastic shovel in the sandbox. Bullying is about actively seeking to gain control over others, to dominate them. Bullying behavior, whether physical, verbal, emotional, virtual (think email, texts, and social media bullying), or sexual, is about creating an imbalance of power between the bully and the focus of his behavior, the victim.
Language Gap: Separating The Child From His Behavior
When you discuss bullying with your child, make sure to use appropriate language. Instead of calling a child a “bully” speak of a “child who uses bullying behavior.” This lets the child know that above all, he is a child, your child, with a wide-open future. It is not carved in stone that having once bullied, the child will be and always will be, a bully. Language can help separate the child from the behavior he needs to change.
Bullying Consequences And Positive Reinforcement
A child who bullies needs to experience meaningful consequences for bullying behavior, and incentives for changing that behavior. Know what is important to your child. Take it away for bullying behavior. Praise him to the skies when he behaves as he should.
Bullying: What To Do?
So let's say your child exhibits some of the traits of bullying, or parents or school officials have approached you about your child's behavior, which sounds like bullying. What should you do? For one thing, be assured that bullying is a behavior that is learned. A child can “unlearn” this behavior and replace it with other behaviors: behaviors that are pleasing and good!
Have A Conversation
The journey begins by speaking with your child, and teaching him the right way to handle his feelings and dealings with others. Talk to your child about what you've seen and what you've heard from others. Ask your child what he thinks about that. He may not know he is bullying others. He may think he's “just playing around” and “having fun.”
Explain what bullying is and how it makes people feel (both bully and victim). Tell him about Daniel Fitzpatrick. A child may need to be told which behaviors are appropriate and which are not.
See if you can find out why your child is bullying others without making your child feel you've judged him. Explore how your child would feel if the situation were reversed. “If someone did that to you, how would you feel?”
Ask your child if there is someone bullying him or if his friends are asking him to bully others. Peer pressure can be a powerful motivator.
Determine The Cause: Bullying By Disability Or Intention?
Some children with disabilities engage in behavior that looks like bullying. These children may have limited social skills, or they may have behavioral or emotional disorders that cause them to behave in inappropriate ways in social situations. This behavior may be mistaken for bullying by others.
It is important to note that whether the behavior is intentional bullying, or connected to the child's disability, it must still be addressed. If the child's behavior is due to a disability, it can be a good idea to include bullying prevention as a goal in the child's Individualized Education Program (IEP).
Examine And Reexamine
Bullying can be unlearned and replaced with positive behavior, but it won't happen easily or overnight. Parents must understand that the road ahead is long and that it will take a lot of work to make real changes. Parent and child must have an ongoing conversation to talk about situations, how they were handled, and how the reaction and behavior can be improved. Feelings will need to be talked about. The situation will need to be assessed and reassessed and goals identified and worked toward.
Raise Awareness Of Feelings
Children who bully others have a problem: they have little awareness of others' feelings. That is why children who engage in bullying need to be shown active examples of kindness, respect, and compassion for others. Show your child the smile you put on a neighbor's face when you did a kindness for him. Ask him how he thinks your neighbor felt.
Ask your child how he feels when someone insults him or does him a kindness. The idea is to grow your child's awareness of his own feelings and those of others, too. Explain to your child that everyone has feelings and that feelings are important no matter who experiences them.
Express Firm Expectations
Your child needs to know that you will not tolerate bullying for any reason at all. Bullying is never okay. Full stop.
If you find your child has engaged in bullying behavior take immediate action, for instance, taking away a privilege (example: staying up late to watch a show) or an activity (example: going to a baseball game) that is important to your child. Be firm and don't go back on your decision or allow yourself to be persuaded to change the consequence, once you've laid it out. You are the parent. You are in charge.
Tell your child what will happen if he engages in bullying behavior in the future. Be clear about it. Don't say: “I will take something away from you,” but rather, “I will cancel the delivery of your new laptop,” And then carry through!
Be A Model
In addition to showing your child examples of kindness, show your child how to resolve conflicts without fighting or bullying. Show your child how to deal with feelings like anger, frustration, or anxiety. As your child catches on and imitates your behavior, offer praise and rewards.
Play Games
Play games together and show your child that it's not whether you win or lose, but how you play the game. Show empathy when he loses, encourage him as he wins. Encourage HIM to do the same for you.
Engage in role play to practice how to handle various situations with friends. Take turns playing the parts so he can put himself in both bully's and victim's places. This can help illustrate for your child what it means to be hurt.
Be Patient
Sometimes it will feel like one step forward, and two steps back. Remind yourself that Rome wasn't built in a day. It will take lots of time and work to make real changes that stick. Try to catch your child in the act of doing good. Then praise him.
Remain loving and supportive, even when he fails. He needs you in his corner in order to improve and be the best he can be. Speak to his teachers and get help for yourself if you can, from a support group or a professional. You've got a hard road to haul, and there will unfortunately be little understanding for you from others, unless you reach out and speak out, on a regular basis.
It doesn't seem fair or nice to say it, but it's a victim's world. The only thing you can do is dig in your heels for the long term and keep on keeping on.
No matter what.
Author: Varda Epstein Varda Meyers Epstein is a mother of 12, communications writer, and education blogger at the Kars4Kids blog. View all posts by Varda Epstein
comments
Democrats Said What Happened In GA-06 Would Impact The Future Direction Of Their Party And They Needed A Win There To Have Any Hope Of Taking The House
Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chair Perez Said That The Georgia Special Election Is A "Bellwether For What The Democratic Party Is Going To Be About." "'It's [the Georgia special election] a bellwether for what the Democratic Party is going to be about,' Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez told the network, which described him as 'almost giddy about the prospects for the race.'" (Graham Vyse, "Don't Believe The Hype About Jon Ossoff," The New Republic, 4/11/17)
The Race Is The Democrat Party's "Last Opportunity To Score" A Victory That Its Base "Craves" And Will Be A "Major Test" To See If Progressive Energy Can Translate Into Actual Votes. "The race is setting up to be the party's last opportunity to score the kind of early electoral victory that its fervent base craves, and it will be a major test of whether progressive energy can translate into actual votes as Democrats seek to expand their midterm map." (Katie Glueck and Alex Roarty, "In Georgia, Democrats Feel The Pressure To Finally Win," McClatchy DC , 5/26/17)
The Executive Director Of The Georgia Democratic Party Said That The Special Election In Georgia Will Be "Instructive For The Democratic Party Moving Forward" And That It Is In States Like Georgia "Where The Democratic Party Is Going To Be Reborn." "'This race [Georgia Special] is going to be instructive for the Democratic Party moving into the future,' said Rebecca DeHart, executive director of the Georgia Democratic Party. 'It is states like this where the Democratic Party is going to be reborn. The horizon is nothing but blue.'" (Evan Halper, "Democrats' New Hope In Georgia; A Changing Electorate And Anti-Trump Fury Could Flip Tom Price's Old Seat In Congress," The Nation, 3/2/17)
Managing Editor Of Sabato's Crystal Ball, Kyle Kondik, Said That The Georgia District "Is The Kind Of District Democrats Need To Win Future House Majorities." "'This is the kind of district [Georgia Six] that Democrats need to compete in to win future House majorities,' Kondik said, noting that 'the Democratic Party has become not just urban-centric but suburban-centric.'" (Graham Vyse, "Don't Believe The Hype About Jon Ossoff," The New Republic, 4/11/17)
The Georgia District "Is Replete With The Kind Of Voters Democrats Must Attract To Reclaim A House Majority" And Win Other Races. "Leaders in both major parties agree the race offers a prime test run for 2018 elections, because the affluent, well-educated Georgia district is replete with the kind of voters Democrats must attract to reclaim a House majority and win more gubernatorial and Senate races." (Bill Barrow and Erica Werner, "Georgia House Race Heads To High-Stakes June Runoff As Trump Wades In," The Chicago Tribune , 4/19/27)
If Democrats Can't Win In Georgia, It Will "Stoke Doubt About Whether They Can Regain Majorities In Congress Next Year." "All of the openings result from Republican lawmakers being tapped for positions in the Trump administration. In Georgia, Ossoff and Handel are vying for the former seat of Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price. If they can't win in the aftermath of the firing of FBI Director James B. Comey, or the revelation this week that Trump shared classified information with Russians, Democrats will stoke doubts about whether they can regain majorities in Congress next year." (Dave Weigel, "If Democrats Don't Win One Of Three Upcoming Special Elections, How Can They Take Back The Majority In 2018?" The Washington Post , 5/16/17)
It Was Or Die For Democrats In GA-O6
MSNBC's Joe Scarborough Said Democrats Have "Been Doing Nothing But Losing Since 2010 In These Legislative Races." "MSNBC's Joe Scarborough early Wednesday said Jon Ossoff's loss in the Georgia special House race should be a 'wake-up call' for Democrats. 'This should be a wake-up call for the Democratic Party, who has been doing nothing but losing since 2010 in these legislative races,' he said on 'Morning Joe.'" (Rebecca Savransky, "Scarborough: Ga. Election Results Should Be 'Wake-Up Call' For Dems," The Hill , 6/21/17)
Democrats "Need A Spark" To Prove That They Can Win The Elected Offices They Lost And Georgia's Sixth District Was Seen As "The Best Chance For That Spark." "Democrats, out of power in Congress and the White House, need a spark to convince themselves they can take back all that they had lost. Georgia's 6th district was seen as the best chance for that spark. It didn't happen on Tuesday night -- and now Democrats will have to wait almost two months to see if they can start to build momentum for the November 2018 midterms." (Chris Cillizza, "Democrats Needed A Win. They Didn't Get One In Georgia," CNN , 4/19/17)
Democrats "Are Facing Real Pressure" To Win Georgia's Special Election. "In the wake of a defeat in Montana, Democrats are facing real pressure to win a showdown next month in Georgia's 6th Congressional District." (Katie Glueck and Alex Roarty, "In Georgia, Democrats Feel The Pressure To Finally Win," McClatchy DC , 5/26/17)
Another "Moral Victory Won't Cut It" In Georgia. "Democrats have taken heart from three recent special elections, where a troika of candidates falls short of victory but still racked up votes in longtime Republicans districts. But another moral victory won't cut it next time. In the wake of a defeat in Montana, Democrats are facing real pressure to win a showdown next month in Georgia's 6th Congressional District." (Katie Glueck and Alex Roarty, "In Georgia, Democrats Feel The Pressure To Finally Win," McClatchy DC , 5/26/17)
"There Are No Moral Victories In Politics." "There are no moral victories in politics. No matter what the losing side says -- and they always say this -- the only thing that really matters when it comes to special elections is the 'W' and the 'L.'" (Chris Cillizza, "In Georgia, Close Isn't Nearly Good Enough For Democrats," CNN , 6/21/17)
Democrats See The Georgia Race As Their "Last Chance" To Prove A Backlash Against President Trump. "Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House race, seeing it as their last chance to use a special election as proof of a brewing backlash against President Trump." (Lisa Hagen, "High-Stakes Georgia Race Puts Pressure On Dems," The Hill , 6/4/17)
As Such, Democrats Went All-In For Ossoff
The Washington Post : "Democrats Went All-In In Georgia." "About the only indication it could be competitive was Trump's narrow, 1.5-percentage point win over Hillary Clinton that same day. This is why Democrats went all-in in Georgia. In the end, it was a bad and expensive bet. They tried hard and lost, and Republicans tried hard and won, period." (Aaron Blake, "Winners And Losers From The Georgia Special Election," The Washington Post , 6/21/17)
Democrats Poured Over $30 Million Into GA-06. "Ossoff's loss is still crushing for Democrats, who have so far been unable to translate anti-Trump sentiment into tangible political gains, including in two other close special elections in deep-red Kansas and Montana districts. But Ossoff's loss is made worse by the money involved - $24 million from the party and another $8 million from outside groups." (Carter Sherman, "The Most Expensive House Race In History," VICE , 6/20/17)
Democrats Have "Put It All On The Line" In Georgia. "Tuesday's election to replace Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price could be Democrats' best opportunity until the 2018 elections to demonstrate that their base's anti-Trumpmentum can be weaponized to kick Republicans out of office - maybe even to take back the House of Representatives for the first time since 2010. And Democrats have put it all on the line to make that happen." (Amber Phillips, "Georgia's Special Election Could Be A Big Moment For House Democrats," The Washington Post , 4/18/17)
Democrats Are "Straining To Throw Everything They Have" At The Race. "As a result, Democrats are now straining to throw everything they have at Georgia's Sixth Congressional District to push Jon Ossoff over the top against Republican Karen Handel, aiming to prove they can win the suburban districts that may pave the way to a House majority in 2018." (Gabriel Debenedetti, "Democrats Sweat The Details In Georgia Special Election," Politico , 6/19/17)
Democrats Engaged In "Furious Organizing, Fundraising And Spending…" "A loss in Georgia's special election here could leave the [Democrat] party demoralized, with little to show for all the furious organizing, fundraising and spending in a handful of congressional special elections in the early months of the Trump administration." (Gabriel Debenedetti, "Democrats Sweat The Details In Georgia Special Election," Politico , 6/19/17)
Democrats' Decisions To "Pour Money Into The Georgia Election…Ramps Up The Pressure Even Higher" For Ossoff. "Liberal grassroots groups are frustrated by national Democrats' decision to spend comparatively small amounts in Kansas and Montana races, opting instead to pour money into the Georgia election - now the most expensive House race in history. That ramps up the pressure even higher for Democrat Jon Ossoff to pull off a win on June 20." (Lisa Hagen, "High-Stakes Georgia Race Puts Pressure On Dems," The Hill , 6/4/17)
DNC Chairman Tom Perez Predicted A Win In The Georgia Special Election. "Republicans prevailed in the first two congressional special elections this year, but Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez predicts his party's candidate, Jon Ossoff, will win the Georgia race later this month. 'I'd rather be Jon Ossoff heading into June 20 than his opponent,' Republican Karen Handel, Mr. Perez told a gathering of Wall Street Journal reporters and editors Monday. 'I think we're going to win that race.'" (Reid J. Epstein, "DNC Chairman Predicts Win For Ossoff In Georgia Special Election," The Wall Street Journal , 6/6/17)
Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) Compared Ossoff To John Kennedy. "He's never held elective office and is in a tight special House election fight, but Georgia Democrat Jon Ossoff has won a stunning comparison to former President John F. Kennedy by a civil rights hero and icon. To a crowd of Ossoff supporters, Georgia Rep. John Lewis made the tie about his one-time intern. 'I've met every president since President Kennedy. And I tell you, President Kennedy young, smart and gifted. John Ossoff is young, smart and gifted,' he said to cheers." (Paul Bedard, "Rep. John Lewis, Calls GA Candidate Ossoff The New JFK," Washington Examiner , 6/6/17)
Democrats Predicted A Loss In GA-06 Would Have A Devastating Impact On Their Party
"Anything Less Than Victory Could Dampen The Democrat Party's Torrid Energy And Cash Flow." "Their concern is that anything less than victory could dampen the [Democrat] party's torrid energy and cash flow, with the next round of House races still nearly a year-and-a-half away." (Gabriel Debenedetti, "Democrats Sweat The Details In Georgia Special Election," Politico , 6/19/17)
One Democrat Party Strategist Said, A Loss Would Leave A Feeling Of "When Do We Get This Done If It's Not This Race?" "'Just like any sporting event, however unlikely it is that you're close heading into the fourth quarter, a loss is bitterly disappointing and there will be some feeling of, 'when do we get this done if it's not this race?'' said longtime [Democrat] party strategist Dan Kanninen. 'You'll definitely see some hand-wringing from Democrats wondering when we're going to get over that hump.'" (Gabriel Debenedetti, "Democrats Sweat The Details In Georgia Special Election," Politico , 6/19/17)
Democrat Operatives And Lawmakers Expect A "Withering Round Of Internal Second-Guessing If They Come Up Short" After Pumping So Much Money Into The Race . "But behind closed doors, [Democrat] operatives and lawmakers expect a withering round of internal second-guessing if they come up short after pumping enough money into the pro-Ossoff effort to make it the most expensive congressional race ever." (Gabriel Debenedetti, "Democrats Sweat The Details In Georgia Special Election," Politico , 6/19/17)
The Race Could "Exacerbate Internal Divisions" Within The Democrat Party. "The race's potential to exacerbate internal divisions is one reason the DCCC has sought to remind its allies over and over about the district's conservative leanings." (Gabriel Debenedetti, "Democrats Sweat The Details In Georgia Special Election," Politico , 6/19/17)
National Democrats Worry That Competing And Failing In Elections "Can Be Deflating For Activists And Can Turn The Narrative Against The Party." "National Democrats are often concerned that competing in elections and failing can be deflating for activists, and can turn the 'narrative' against the party." (Ryan Grim, "Democrat In Georgia Falls Just Short Of Knockout Blow," HuffPost , 4/18/17)
Elections
DNC
ISSN: 0885-6125 (Print) 1573-0565 (Online)
Machine Learning is an international forum for research on computational approaches to learning. The journal publishes articles reporting substantive results on a wide range of learning methods applied to a variety of learning problems.
The journal features papers that describe research on problems and methods, applications research, and issues of research methodology. Papers making claims about learning problems or methods provide solid support via empirical studies, theoretical analysis, or comparison to psychological phenomena. Application papers show how to apply learning methods to solve important applications problems. Research methodology papers improve how machine learning research is conducted.
All papers describe the supporting evidence in ways that can be verified or replicated by other researchers. The papers also detail the learning component clearly and discuss assumptions regarding knowledge representation and the performance task.
The Mars Odyssey orbiter went into safe mode on Saturday, November 28th because of a glitch in the “memory error external bus” of the satellite. Odyssey will remain in safe mode at least until the end of the week, effectively slowing down communication with the two rovers, Spirit and Opportunity.
Odyssey is still operating at normal temperatures and communicating with the control team back on Earth. It stayed in safe mode over the weekend. After a full reboot today, the craft is on the mend and expected to be fully operational later this week.
“This event is a type we have seen before, so we have a known and tested path to resuming normal operations,” said Odyssey Project Manager Philip Varghese of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in a press release.
Odyssey has been orbiting Mars since January 2002, mapping the surface and taking global measurements of the planet. Odyssey has also been the link to the Earth for the two rovers since 2004, acting as a communications relay that speeds up the transference of signals between the robots and the control team. Though Spirit and Oppy have their own antennae for communication, Odyssey can communicate with the Earth at 10 times the speed and with a fraction of the energy usage.
This glitch is really nothing new for the satellite – it's much like having to reboot your laptop when it freezes up. The Mars Reconnaisance Orbiter would be the obvious backup for Odyssey, but the MRO has been in safe mode since August 26th. The MRO rebooted itself four times in 2009, and after the last reboot the spacecraft has stayed in safe mode to prevent any catastrophic damage to its memory.
NASA had planned to uplink files to the MRO to restore it sometime this week, but the uplink and recalibration of the satellite would take over a week, meaning that if Odyssey isn't back up by the end of the week Spirit and Opportunity are on their own for a little while longer.
Odyssey is a key player in the efforts to free the Spirit rover, which has been stuck in a sand trap since May 1st of this year but is making progress. Because of a wheel stall problem that the control team thinks may be internal, an extrication attempt made on November 28th wasn't successful. The Spirit control team hadn't planned on making any more maneuvers to free the rover this week, as they are still analyzing the recent attempts to plan for future efforts at freeing its wheel.
Hopefully, by the end of next week we'll be seeing two fully-functioning orbiters and a freewheelin' Spirit.
Source: NASA press release
Seattle's Democracy Vouchers were supposed to break the hold of special interests on elections and open up the field to outsider candidates.
Instead the program—which awards Seattle voters a total of $100 that they can donate to qualified local candidates—almost all of the 315,000 tax dollars raised prior to the city's primary election Tuesday have gone to only three candidates, one and incumbent and two politically connected activists.
Regardless of the results of the election, the city of Seattle, as Reason has previously reported is being sued by the Pacific Legal Foundation for promoting a program the foundation says violates the First Amendment of the Constitution.
The first candidate to qualify for democracy vouchers was incumbent candidate for City Attorney, Pete Holmes, who has so far received $46,050.
City Council Position 8 candidate John Grant, a past president of the Washington Tenants Union, has collected the most money, $150,000 so far. Grant, who's making his second run for at the seat, was the first to register his campaign committee on December 8, 2016, nearly two months ahead of any other candidate.
Teresa Mosqueda, the Political and Strategic Campaign Director for the Washington State Labor Council (the state's AFL-CIO), has pulled in $104,725, as well as garnering endorsements from influential interest groups like Planned Parenthood, the Sierra Club, and a several union.
Evan Blevins, attorney for the Pacific Legal Foundation, says it's hardly a surprise the benefits of Democracy Douchers accrue almost exclusively to well-practiced political operatives.
"To receive [the vouchers] you have to leap several hurdles with the Seattle Ethical Elections Commission", he says, including participation in debates and receiving the contributions and signatures from 400 voters.
Rathering than parceling out the four $25 vouchers, Seattle sends all of them out on Jan. 1, encouraging voters to spend their vouchers all at once on the candidates first to the trough.
"It's going to the people they know, who already have campaigns active," Blevins tells Reason. "That's going to be incumbents or well-funded candidates."
In total, $78,000 in Democracy Vouchers were assigned by voters to candidates who never received permission to spend that money. Upstart candidates in the Position 8 race have paid a price.
Hisam Goueli, doctor and political neophyte, did not officially register his campaign until February, and according to the rules, didn't qualify for $14,650 pledged to him until this past Friday, four days before the primary.
"Instead of getting my message out, I'm trying to get Democracy Vouchers," Goueli told the Seattle Times, which is exactly the opposite way the program is supposed to work.
Likewise, council candidate and civil rights activist Sheley Secrest, was pledged $14,350 in Democracy Vouchers, but failed to meet the qualifications to access that money.
Taxing citizens to pay for campaign donations, and then making those donations available only to a selective number of political candidates certainly violates the spirit in which Seattle's Democracy Vouchers were sold to voters. According to Blevins, it likely violates the Constitution as well.
"When you are forced to give a certain amount of money to someone who then uses it to contribute it to a candidate, that's compelled speech in violation of the First Amendment," he says.
That lawsuit, filed in June, is still a long way from resolution.
Seattleites will go to the polls Tuesday, many of them not realizing the questionable program they have underwritten isn't helping any of those dark horses on the ballot.
IMF Managing Director Welcomes Establishment of High Level Advisory Group on FinTech
The Group is composed of highly-experienced and respected leaders in the field of finance and technology and includes industry pioneers, regulators, lawyers and academics.
The Group will work closely with the IMF's Interdepartmental Working Group on Finance and Technology to study the economic and regulatory implications of developments in the area of finance and technology.
Christine Lagarde, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), today welcomed the establishment of the Fund's new High Level Advisory Group on FinTech.
“We are grateful that such distinguished figures in the field of finance and technology have agreed to serve in the Group, and look forward to their expert advice and views, and are confident that this exchange will greatly enrich the scope and quality of the IMF's work in this area,” she said.
The Group is composed of highly-experienced and respected leaders in the field of finance and technology and includes industry pioneers, regulators, lawyers and academics. The Group will provide advice to help IMF staff deepen its understanding of FinTech issues. It will work closely with the IMF's Interdepartmental Working Group on Finance and Technology, which was established in 2016, to study the economic and regulatory implications of developments in the area of finance and technology.
The members of the High Level Advisory Group are:
Jeremy Allaire, Chief Executive Officer of Circle
Dr. Long Chen, Chief Strategy Officer of Ant Financial Services
Santiago Fernandez de Lis, Chief Economist of Financial Systems and Regulation at BBVA
Robert Garrison, Managing Director and Chief Information Officer at the DTCC
Chris Larsen, Executive Chairman of Ripple
Adam Ludwin, Chief Executive Office of Chain
Blythe Masters, Chief Executive Officer of Digital Asset
Greg Medcraft, Chairman of Australian Securities and Investments Commission
Professor Robert Merton, MIT Sloan
Patrick Murck, Fellow at the Harvard Berkman Klein Center
Marco Santori, Partner at Cooley LLP
Alex Tapscott, Chief Executive Officer of Northwest Passage Ventures
Carolyn Wilkins, Senior Deputy Governor at the Bank of Canada,
Bradley J. Wiskirchen, Chief Executive Officer of Kount
Sens. Jeff Flake, Bob Corker, and Ron Johnson at a hearing on Nov. 14, in Washington, D.C. Win McNamee/Getty Images
The Senate is expected to vote on the Republican tax reform bill later this week. Until they do, Slate political writer Jim Newell and economics writer Jordan Weissmann will assess the bill's chances of passage in daily Slack chats. This is the second of those chats. Read Monday's chat here.
Jordan Weissmann: So, am I crazy, or is this thing just going to sail through the Senate?
Jim Newell: It is getting that way? Ron Johnson has been told to shush and keep voting it along, that he'll get what he wants eventually. That takes care of him and Steve Daines. Susan Collins got several concessions Tuesday and is happy. Murkowski is happy too. Not “aye” happy yet, but getting there. The deficit hawks have a “framework” for their precious trigger idea. This is moving along pretty neatly.
Weissmann: So, I get the concessions to Collins. Trump gets to kill the individual mandate and pass some other health care–related stuff, which will let him spend the next 7 years claiming he repealed and replaced all of Obamacare. And including the property tax carve-out harmonizes the Senate bill with the House's.
I kiiiiiiiiind of get the concessions to Johnson and Daines. They just want slightly bigger tax cuts for guys who own car dealerships. (Seriously, a lot of rich pass-through business owners are car dealers.) It's expensive, but they can make room for it by, like, taxing grad students and such.
What I don't get is the trigger. [Ed. Note: This is a mechanism in the bill that will “trigger” automatic tax hikes in the unimaginable event that its cuts don't erupt in economic growth.] Grover Norquist hates it. The Chamber of Commerce hates it. Everybody hates it. Why would anybody agree to it?
Newell: Grad students are where the money is, obviously.
Because they need it to satisfy Corker, Lankford, and (maybe) Flake.
But.
Weissmann: But.
Newell: I saw Corker maybe an hour ago. He said he has specifics of the trigger but isn't ready to share them. OK, OK. I asked him his thoughts on the trigger-haters, saying this makes lower growth a self-fulfilling prophecy. He assured me that that's one of his top concerns too, and that the bill is structured in a way that would prevent that. I am … very interested to see this trigger!
There's another idea floating around today.
Weissmann: Wait wait … Is the idea behind the trigger that it's just going to hit the individual tax cuts?
Because that'd be … well, typical.
Newell: I think Ted Cruz was pushing it. It would make it a double-sided trigger. (I hate my life, by the way.) If the bill produces far more revenue than they expect, then it would trigger further tax cuts. That may just be a fantasy, but it could be enough to get the trigger-haters to calm down.
Weissmann: So … it's super pro-cyclical. Economy does awesome, tax rates plummet. Economy does crappy, tax rates leap.
Newell: We don't know what the trigger would target yet! I'd guess it's on the individual side, because they're so worried about giving precious businessmen their precious confidence.
Weissmann: I'm just saying, the next Fed chair has their work fucking cut out for them.
Newell: Well, I don't know how they'll structure it. Like, whether they would make the cuts/increases in the worst cyclical moments.
Weissmann: Good luck dealing with the knuckleheads in Congress, Jerome!
BTW—
Newell: Broader point is: There's enough political will for them to figure out something that can work for both sides.
I hate being so bullish on the goddamn Republican Senate's ability to pass a party-line bill, but here I am.
Weissmann: OK. I would just like to note, though, that I think it's impressive how Ted Cruz manages to consistently come up with awful policy compromises in the clutch. He's like the Mariano Rivera of shitty-but-expedient legislative design.
I also just really dated myself there.
Newell: He comes up with awful policy compromises in the clutch, and then Chuck Grassley agrees and says they're necessary. (Grassley just said that basically.)
They could always avoid “triggers” and work within the bounds of conventional macroeconomic thinking in devising the size of their corporate tax cut, but what fun would that be.
Weissmann: This whole bill is just turning into a Rube Goldberg device for transferring wealth upward.
So, do you see anything that might trip it up?
Newell: This pro-/anti-trigger thing is the closest policy issue to a deal-killer, but as I said, I think they'll resolve that. At this point the closest coalition I can see to killing it is a madcap Flake-Collins-McCain one. On the other hand, some bad news could be coming Wednesday. The Joint Committee on Taxation said it might be able to release its dynamic score, which is probably not going to say nearly what the Club for Growth dudes want it to say, by Wednesday night.
Weissmann: That's true.
Newell: I also don't see it as out of the question, though, that this gets all 52 Republican votes. Probably won't! But could.
Weissmann: Also, be real. Republicans could not give a hoot what the JCT says at this point. Especially since the dynamic score is for “informational” purposes only. It's like the extra reading your teacher assigned for enrichment purposes.
Newell: Yeah, it will be a useful thing to point to in calling bullshit on the entire conceit of this bill … after it passes.
Weissmann: Fun fact: The CBO and JCT also produced analyses in 2003 saying that, nope, tax cuts wouldn't pay for themselves. And look where that got us.
Newell: That was also sort of in the era of “we have to cut taxes because soon there'll be no more debt to pay off!”
Weissmann: Sigh.
Anyway, I'll continue the pre-emptive grieving process for my tax refund.
Cape Town – The Fees Must Fall protests gripping the country are no longer about fees but about power and control, Western Cape Premier Helen Zille has said.
And they are as much a threat to the future as apartheid once was, she said adding that the protests needed to be confronted head on.
"We had to stand up for the rule of law, we had to stand up for non-racialism...," she said on Monday.
Speaking at the launch of her new book, Not Without a Fight, on Monday, she said the biggest failure the country faced was not having a properly organised, well-staffed and well-trained public order police force to deal with the protests.
"We shouldn't be shooting bullets at kids. We should have our police force with really good shields at all campuses protecting people's right to study," she said.
Even if they had to use teargas and rubber bullets, she said, police still had to maintain public order.
<br _moz_dirty="" />
"If the police get driven back by a group of students with rocks, we are in serious trouble in South Africa," the former DA leader said.
While she understood that vice chancellors did not want to militarise campuses, a well-trained police force that could maintain order at all times was necessary, she reiterated.
"There is no other way out of this. What we have seen is negotiation after negotiation; the goal posts get moved every single time. It's a deliberate strategy because people don't want a resolution, they want a revolution and the challenge is you can't assume people are acting in good faith," she said.
In these circumstances, she said, people's rights had to be protected with a well-trained, peaceful police force.
On Monday violence broke out at various campuses around the country including those at Wits University, the University of KwaZulu-Natal and the University of the Free State.
The violence included the burning of a bus in Braamfontein, Johannesburg.
Acting National Police Commissioner Khomotso Phahlane on Monday said it was too early to declare a state of emergency.
Part 2 of 3
Read Part 1.
LAX KXEEN — The Salmon Nation Summit led to an emphatic declaration:
The undersigned First Nation leaders and citizens of the Nine Allied Tribes of Lax Kw'alaams hereby declare that Lelu Island, and Flora and Agnew Banks are hereby protected for all time, as a refuge for wild salmon and marine resources, and are to be held in trust for all future generations. Our ancestral knowledge, supported by modern science, confirms this area is critical to the future abundance of the wild salmon our communities rely on. It is our right and our responsibility as First Nations to protect and defend this place. It is our right to use this area without interference to harvest salmon and marine resources for our sustenance, and commercially in support of our livelihoods…
The premier of BC was miffed. She sought to persuade people with ad hominem. “There are people who just say no to everything, and heaven knows there are plenty of those in British Columbia,” complained Christy Clark. “But just because it's hard doesn't mean you give up. It doesn't mean you should be a quitter.”
“I'm not sure what science the forces of no bring together up there [in Ts'msyen territory] except that it's not really about the science,” opined Clark.
“It's not really about the fish. It's just about trying to say no. It's about fear of change. It's about a fear of the future.”
Clark clearly impugns First Nations' people, environmentalists, and pro-wild salmon advocates as “quitters” and fearful.
The Declaration signers, guided by peer-reviewed science, conclusions unchanged since 1973 are criticized ex cathedra by Clark, a woman who studied history and politics in university but did not graduate. No imprecation of Clark's intelligence or knowledge is intended, yet one wonders whereupon she bases her scientific acumen to so flippantly dismiss scientists and First Nation peoples whose lifeways, guided by knowledge of the ecosystem gathered over millennia, are profoundly dedicated to stewardship of resources in their territories?
Sakhalin II: Wild Salmon and a LNG Project
On Friday, 12 February, four Russians visited Lax Kxeen to speak about a collapse in wild salmon numbers following completion of Gazprom-Shell-Mitsui-Mitsubishi consortium's LNG project on Sakhalin Island.
Geomorphologist Viktor Afanasev told of a collapse of the coastline after the Sakhalin II project. He noted that marine life was covered by the detritus from dredging as far as 10 kilometers away.
Dmitry Lisitsyn, director of Sakhalin Environment Watch, told of many negative environmental consequences from the construction of the LNG project including toxins released by the continually burning gas flare, present at all LNG plants, and the emission of light pollution known to discombobulate the migration of juvenile salmon. He compared the two LNG plant locations and finds the bottleneck in Flora Bank is “more dangerous” than the expanse of Aniva Bay, Sakhalin Island.
Alexander Vedenev, head of the Ocean Noise Laboratory at the Russian Academy of Sciences in Moscow, warned that high noise levels from a LNG plant would cause juvenile salmon to leave Flora Bank with diminished survival at sea.
Aleksandr Shubin, who has studied salmon for over 30 years, said there are three important considerations for salmon and a LNG terminal: 1) that the LNG plant not impede adult salmon returning to spawning grounds, 2) that the LNG plant not impede juvenile salmon on way to the sea, and 3) that the plant be sufficiently distant from the feeding area for the majority of juvenile salmon. The Aniva Bay LNG plant satisfied all three considerations. However, these considerations are the reverse for a LNG facility at Lax U'u'la. Shubin said it is the worst possible location and that if the LNG project were to be built there to expect a reduction in the Skeena River salmon population.
Precautionary Principle
A recent study by University of Calgary law professor Martin Olszynski finds evidence that recent federal government trends exempting corporations from environmental regulations has resulted in diminished protection for fish habitat.
The precautionary principle holds that when an undertaking has the potential to harm people or the environment then such an undertaking should be precluded. The precautionary principle is codified in several international treaties to which Canada is a signatory.
Given the solid science that staunchly warns against and opposes the LNG project proposed for Lax U'u'la and its waters, the precautionary principle would resolutely reject any such undertaking. The Canadian Environmental Law Association notes that although referenced under domestic law implementation of the precautionary principle is sketchy.
A rational approach would posit that prior to altering a major estuary rich in marine life, such as the Skeena River, it is only proper, prudent, and just to first consider all relevant data, science, and compare with similar projects elsewhere (for example, the Sakhalin Island LNG project) and apply this knowledge to preserve and safeguard the environment, salmon, and other marine life, as well as show respect for First Nations' rights in their territories and, secondly, for the right of local people to enjoy the resources in their backyards.
In the next part: “Original Peoples, Sovereignty, Industry, and Salmon”
• First published in American Herald Tribune.
Sharon Klein and Dayna Nicholson Sharon Klein and Dayna Nicholson
Even though the FDA guidance on mobile medical apps is now finalized, it only represents a portion of the regulation mobile medical app developers need to concern themselves with, according to Pepper Hamilton lawyers Mark Kadzielski, Sharon Klein, and Dayna Nicholson, who presented a webinar on the topic last week. Particularly in the areas of privacy and security, a number of regulatory bodies are involved.
"With the proliferation of medical devices utilized on smartphones and tablets by doctors, pharmaceutical companies, and patients, comes a lot of vulnerabilities and a confusing web of regulations," Klein said. "Cybersecurity incidents are very very likely, especially in wireless and network connected devices that transfer patient data electronically. They're subject to SQL injections, hacking, and data breaches ... And with that greater risk comes increasing regulation."
Klein, who is the chair of Pepper's Privacy, Security and Data Protection practice, said that increased regulation is happening to fill gaps in legislation about emerging classes of device, but the sheer number of agencies regulating the same space -- including the FDA, the FCC, the FTC, the Office for Civil Rights, which enforces HIPAA, and state attorneys general -- can be problematic for app developers and provider organizations trying to comply with all the regulations.
"The regulatory overlap is confusing and in some instances it's duplicative," Klein said. "Congress has recognized this problem and passed the FDA Safety Act of 2012, which has mandated that HHS produce a report with a strategy and a recommendation, dealing with mobile health apps, which would balance innovation, patient safety, and avoid regulatory duplication. What we do know is there will be great enforcement in 2014 and the years to come in the mobile health area."
Nicholson added that as it stands now, none of the regulations pre-empt each other, so developers have to keep them all in mind
"Part of the inconsistency is that the regulations are coming from different perspectives," she said. "You might have the perspective of patient safety, but you also have data privacy and data security concerns, and general consumer protection concerns. And those perspectives lead to different regulations. The challenge is that you can be fined by multiple agencies and it can be hard to satisfy so many bosses."
In addition to the FDA Safety Act, the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has also released some guidelines it hopes other regulatory bodies and private sector groups will adopt. NIST has released guidelines pertaining to privacy, encryption, and disposal of data.
The FDA itself, meanwhile, recently finished up the draft guidance for cybersecurity in medical devices. This would deal with protecting connected medical devices from dangerous malfunctions or malicious hacks. The guidance is similar to the HIPAA omnibus in some ways, namely it's emphasis on risk analyses, which, under the draft guidance, companies will be required to complete to secure clearance for new medical devices.
In addition to maintaining confidentiality, integrity, and availability of patient data, the draft guidance requires medical device makers to report breaches as they happen and to include failsafes to protect critical functionality if security is compromised, Nicholson said.
"With regard to emergency issues, device manufacturers need to ensure that the security they've implemented doesn't create additional problems," she said. "For example, in 2011 in Joplin, there was a tornado, and St. Johns Hospital in Kansas City lost electricity. As a result their cabinet storing drugs was automatically locked and became immediately inaccessible -- a very problematic situation."
Nicholson and Klein also offered some general tips that will help developers stay compliant with most regulations. Klein stressed the importance of having a standard operating procedure for breaches and emergencies, and not only to have it on paper, but to actually conduct drills so everyone knows what to do. Nicholson pointed out that just as important as having safety protocols in place is documenting those protocols rigorously, so that in the event of an audit that diligence is provable.
One idea present in several different regulatory documents is the idea of "privacy by design" or "security by design", which is simply the idea that the best way to guard against privacy and security concerns is to think about them at the very beginning of the development process of an app and build safeguards in along the way, rather than expecting to add them in the late stages of development.
As a closing thought, Kadzielski, who moderated the webinar, stressed that in addition to the various government regulators involved, privacy and security breaches can ultimately open one up to litigation as well.
"The real issue is," he said, "when you have a privacy breach, you're looking not only at punitive actions by government entities, you're looking at potential action by consumers alleging that their privacy was violated, even if there's no evidence that it hurt them individually."
DJ Quik announced that he is retiring from remixing, engineering and mixing in a Twitter update yesterday (October 28).
In his Twitter update, Quik announced that he is selling all of his production equipment. He also said he is not going to remix or engineer any projects moving forward.
Quik also posted an image of the MPC3000 that he is looking to sell.
In subsequent Twitter updates, Quik also wonders if he should burn the MPC onstage.
For Sale. MPC3000 w/1Gb official Dj Quik loops and samples used on multiple chart topping songs. pic.twitter.com/WOMV7xWCED — DJ Quik (@djquik) October 28, 2013
It's official. I'm selling all my equipment. Furthermore, I will not remix or engineer for anyone from this day forward. Thanks true Fans. — DJ Quik (@djquik) October 28, 2013
There is only one truth. This about me selling my drum machine and keyboards , not about my character. Thank u. — DJ Quik (@djquik) October 28, 2013
I think I've found a Buyer — DJ Quik (@djquik) October 28, 2013
Don't haggle me bro…. — DJ Quik (@djquik) October 28, 2013
I should've gone to eBay 1st to sell my drum machine. — DJ Quik (@djquik) October 28, 2013
Adler says that I should set fire to it onstage like jerry lee lewis and jimi hendrix. That's an idea. — DJ Quik (@djquik) October 28, 2013
DJ Quik emerged in 1991 with his debut album, Quik Is The Name, which was released through Profile Records. His most recent release came in 2011 with The Book of David. Quik has remixed, engineered and/or produced for various artists, including Tupac, Murs, Salley, Kurupt, Snoop Dogg and Jay-Z.
In a recent interview with allhiphop.com, Quik said he would sell his backup MPC3000 after his drum machine was stolen.
“I ain't even gonna charge more than $3,000 for it,” Quik said. “I ain't even gon' be stupid. If y'all gotta steal it, then y'all can have it. I'd rather give it to you mothafuckas.”
RELATED: DJ Quik Blames Tupac's Death & Death Row's Fall On Travon Lane
Court Connecticut Superior Court Decided November 24, 1981
The Trial of Arne Cheyenne Johnson, also known as the Devil Made Me Do It Case, is the first known court case in the United States in which the defense sought to prove innocence based upon the defendant's claim of demonic possession and denial of personal responsibility for the crime.[1][2] On November 24, 1981, in Brookfield, Connecticut, Arne Cheyenne Johnson was convicted of first-degree manslaughter for the killing of his landlord, Alan Bono.[3]
According to testimony by the Glatzel family, 11-year-old David Glatzel had allegedly played host to the demon that forced Johnson to kill Bono. After witnessing a number of increasingly ominous occurrences involving David, the family, exhausted and terrified, decided to enlist the aid of self-described demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren (noted for their investigation into the famed Amityville Haunting) in a last-ditch effort to "cure" David. The Glatzel family, along with the Warrens, then proceeded to have David exorcised by a number of Catholic priests. The process continued for several days, concluding when, according to those present, a demon fled the child's body and took up residence within Johnson. Several months later, Johnson killed his landlord during a heated conversation. His defense lawyer argued in court that he was possessed, but the judge ruled that such a defense could never be proven and was therefore infeasible in a court of law. Johnson was subsequently convicted, though he only served five years of a 10- to 20-year sentence.
The trial attracted media attention from around the world and has obtained a level of notoriety due to numerous depictions of the events in literature and television.
Version from Discovery Channel's A Haunting [ edit ]
Arne Johnson and Debbie Glatzel provided firsthand accounts for the version of events depicted in Discovery Channel's A Haunting, episode "Where Demons Dwell". During the interview, they claimed to be eyewitnesses to demonic possession, and both were adamant in their support of the Warrens' recollection of events. They asserted that paranormal activity began after they went to clean up a rental property they had just acquired. David recollected that an old man appeared, pushing and terrifying him. The couple initially thought David was using the old man as an excuse to avoid cleaning, but David informed them that the old man had vowed to harm the Glatzels if they moved into the rental home. David's visions of the old man included the man appearing as a demonic beast who muttered Latin and threatened to steal his soul. Although the family allegedly heard strange noises coming from the attic, no one but David ever witnessed the old man. After David experienced night terrors, exhibited strange behavior, and obtained unexplained scratches and bruises, the family called upon the services of a Catholic priest, who attempted to bless the house. The terrified family concluded that the house was evil and would no longer continue to rent it.
David's visions worsened, occurring in the daytime as well.[1] Twelve days after the original incident, the family summoned the self-proclaimed demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren to assist.[4] Lorraine allegedly witnessed a black mist materialize next to David, an apparent indication of a malevolent presence. Debbie and her mother told the Warrens they had seen David being beaten and choked by invisible hands and that red marks had appeared on his neck afterwards.[1] David had started to growl, hiss, speak in otherworldly voices, and recite passages from the Bible or Paradise Lost. The Glatzels recounted how each night a family member would remain awake with David as he suffered through spasms and convulsions.[1] After receiving a prognosis of multiple possessions from the Warrens, David was subjected to three "lesser exorcisms".[1] Lorraine asserts that David levitated, ceased breathing for a time, and even demonstrated the supernatural ability of precognition, specifically in relation to the murder Johnson would later commit.[5] In October 1980, the Warrens contacted Brookfield police to warn them that the situation was becoming dangerous.[4]
According to eyewitness testimony, Arne Johnson coerced one of the demons purportedly within David to possess him while participating in David's exorcisms.[1][2] It is here that A Haunting veers away from the circumstances of Johnson's possession as described by those involved. According to the show, a few days after Johnson egged the demon on during the exorcism, he was attacked rather viciously by the demon, which allegedly took control of his car and forced it into a tree; fortunately, Johnson was unharmed. After this incident, Johnson returned to the rental property to examine an old well that supposedly housed the demon. In both the dramatized version and his personal account, Johnson recollects that this was his final encounter with the demon while completely lucid, as it was after encountering the demon at the well and making eye contact with it that he became possessed. The Warrens claim to have warned him not to do this (although their warning was not mentioned in A Haunting).[4] As David's condition continued to worsen, Debbie and Johnson decided it was time to move out of her mother's home. Debbie was hired by Alan Bono, a new resident in Brookfield, as a dog groomer. Debbie and Johnson began renting an apartment close to her place of employment. After moving in, Johnson started to exhibit odd behavior that was strikingly similar to David's, causing Debbie to fear that he had become possessed as well. According to Debbie, Johnson would fall into a trance-like state, wherein he would growl and hallucinate but later have no memory of it.[1]
The murder [ edit ]
On February 16, 1981, Johnson called in sick to his job at Wright Tree Service[4] and joined Debbie at the kennel where she worked, along with his sister Wanda and Debbie's 9-year-old cousin Mary. Bono, the couple's landlord and Debbie's employer at the kennel, bought the group lunch at a local bar and proceeded to drink heavily.[4] After lunch, the group returned to the kennel.[4] Debbie then took the girls to get pizza but insisted they return quickly, anticipating trouble. When they returned, Bono, intoxicated at this point, became agitated.[4] Everyone left the room at Debbie's urging, except Bono, who seized Mary and refused to let go.[4] Johnson headed back to the apartment and ordered Bono to release Mary.[4] Wanda recounted the following events to the police.[4] Mary ran for the car as Debbie attempted to mitigate the situation by standing between the two men.[4] Wanda tried in vain to pull Johnson away. Johnson, growling like an animal, then drew a 5-inch (130 mm) pocket knife and stabbed Bono repeatedly.[4] Bono died several hours later. According to Johnson's lawyer, Bono had suffered "four or five tremendous wounds", mostly to his chest, and one that stretched from his stomach to the base of his heart.[6] Johnson was discovered two miles (3 km) from the site of the murder and was held at the Bridgeport Correctional Center on bail of $125,000.[1] This was the first murder in the history of Brookfield, Connecticut.[1]
Media reaction and legal proceedings [ edit ]
The day after the murder, Lorraine Warren informed the Brookfield Police that Johnson was possessed when the crime was committed.[4] A "media blitz" soon surrounded the story, fueled in part by the Warrens, whose agents promised that lectures, a book, and even a movie detailing the gruesome case were in the works.[4] Martin Minnella, Johnson's lawyer, received calls from all over the world about what was being called the Demon Murder Trial. Minnella traveled to England to meet with lawyers who had been involved in two similar cases (though neither went to trial). He planned to fly in exorcism specialists from Europe and threatened to subpoena the priests who oversaw David Glatzel's exorcisms if they did not cooperate with the defense.[1][4]
The trial took place in Connecticut's Superior Court in Danbury, beginning on October 28, 1981.[1][7] Minnella attempted to submit a plea of not guilty by virtue of possession, but the presiding judge, Robert Callahan, promptly rejected this defense. Callahan argued that no such defense could ever exist in a court of law due to lack of evidence and that it would be "irrelative and unscientific" to allow related testimony. The defense chose to imply that Johnson acted in self-defense.[1][3][8] Because of this, the jury was not legally allowed to consider demonic possession as a viable explanation for the murder.[9] The jury deliberated for 15 hours over three days before convicting Johnson on November 24, 1981 of first-degree manslaughter. He was sentenced to 10–20 years in prison, though he served only five.[3][8][9]
Aftermath [ edit ]
The incident led to the creation of a made for TV movie called The Demon Murder Case on NBC and a major motion picture, the production of which was stalled due to internal conflicts.[2][5] In 1983, Gerald Brittle, with the assistance of Lorraine Warren, published a book about the incident entitled The Devil in Connecticut. Lorraine Warren has stated that profits from the book were shared with the family.[5][10] Sources confirmed that two thousand dollars was paid to the family by the book publisher.[5] Upon the book's republication in 2006 by iUniverse, David Glatzel and his brother, Carl Glatzel, Jr., sued the authors and book publishers for violating their right to privacy, libel, and "intentional affliction of emotional distress." Carl also claimed that the book alleged he committed criminal and abusive acts against his family and others.[8][9] He said that the possession story was a hoax concocted by Ed and Lorraine Warren to exploit the family and his brother's mental illness, and that the book presented him as the villain because he did not believe in the supernatural claims.[2] He asserted that the Warrens told him the story would make the family millionaires and would help get Johnson out of jail.[8] According to Carl Glatzel, the publicity generated by the incident forced him to drop out of school and lose friends and business opportunities.[2] He is currently writing a book, titled Alone Through The Valley, about his version of the events surrounding his brother.[8] Lorraine Warren defends her work with the family. She says that the six priests who were involved in the incident agreed at the time that the boy was possessed and that the supernatural events she described were real.[2] Gerald Brittle, author of The Devil in Connecticut, says he wrote the book because "the family wanted the story told," that he possesses video of over 100 hours of his interviews with the family, and that they signed off on the book as accurate before it went to print.[2] Glatzel's father, Carl Glatzel, Sr., denies telling the author that his son was possessed.[5] Johnson and Debbie (now married) wholeheartedly support the Warrens' account of demonic possession and have stated that the Glatzels in question are suing simply for monetary purposes.[5]
Buildings consume 76% of electricity generated; they create 48% of our greenhouse gases; a quarter of our waste in landfills comes from construction. Yet we continue to tear down perfectly good ones and replace them with new ones that don't perform as well and don't last as long. If we understood what old buildings are saying to us, we would be less eager to rip them down, and perhaps might even emulate them in our new buildings. Read on for examples.
1. Use Natural Ventilation
Photo from Smithsonian
A hundred years ago, even the crappiest tenement in New York had an air shaft; you were not allowed to build kitchens or bathrooms without windows. There wasn't much of a view, but the stack effect sucked air through the unit and up the middle. Then mechanical fans were approved, and builders no longer had to pay the price for these. Now if you want ventilation, you need electricity.
Photo by Lloyd Alter
You don't have to go back that far; when I was in Florida in February two years ago I was stayed in the building on the left, a modern center hall design with no cross ventilation. We had to run the air conditioner because there was no air movement at all. Next door, the building the right, had a single loaded open corridor. You could see that all of the residents had transom windows over their doors wide open, and were ventilating their units without air conditioning. More: Big Steps In Building: Make Natural Ventilation Mandatory.
2. Design “Tunable” Windows
The windows on your home are not just holes in the wall that you open or close, they are actually part of a sophisticated ventilation machine. People used to take it for granted that you tune them for the best ventilation, but in this thermostat age we seem to have forgotten how.
Photo from White Pine Manual (1918)
If you have double hung windows, you can open the bottom section of the upwind side of the house and the upper section of the downwind side, and the low pressure will suck the air through your house. Make the outlet openings larger than the inlet opening, it increases the draft. That is why I love to double hung windows; they offer the most flexibility and options. Put on operating adjustable shutters and you have security and ventilation at the same time, as well as protection in storms. More: Tune Your Windows; They are not just holes in the walls.
Photo by Lloyd Alter
3. Plant A Tree
I have the most amazingly sophisticated air conditioning system. In the summer, it blocks the sun almost completely, keeping my home in shade. Not only that, it pumps water from the ground and evaporates it from leaves, cooling the air around them. Now, in autumn, the leaves are turning colours and falling off; in another few weeks the sun will stream through the branches, filling my windows with warming sunshine. Who could plan it better than that? More: Be Cool and Plant A Tree.
Pennsylvania Station in New York
4. Don't Make Light When You Can Pipe it, Move it, and Bend it
The old Pennsylvania Station in New York not only had an amazing glass roof, but it had a glass floor to let light into the lower train platforms. It was called prism glass. The ceiling might have looked like this. Other buildings used vertical prisms to direct light deep into buildings. Frank Lloyd Wright even got a patent on the stuff. It was everywhere.
Left: Solartube. Right: Parans fiber optic system
Today there are all kinds of ways of piping natural light into your spaces, from the Solatube to the Parans fiber optic system from Sweden. There is also an interesting Australian system, Dayray. Big windows and high ceilings are the easiest way to go, but when you can't put in a window, pipe it. Natural light changes color over the course of a day and your body clock looks for that, so working under natural light makes the day go faster. Needless to say, it also saves on energy. More: The Suntracker One-Ups the Skylight.
Image by Lloyd Alter
5. Make Buildings Look Like Letters Again
Buildings used to look like alphabets, to minimize the distance to an exterior wall and maximize natural light and ventilation. We have all seen many Cs, Os and a few Es (I forgot to draw probably the most common, the Ls).
The engineers would say that the heat loss or gain through so much exterior wall would use far more energy than would be saved using daylight and natural cross-ventilation. They would say that the most efficient building would maximize the floor plate and minimize the perimeter, the size of windows and the amount of air change. That is what they did in the 70's and how we got a lot of toxic buildings. We can do better. More: Architects: Go Back To The ABCs and Design Buildings Like Letters Again.
Recently a young girl was awoken from wisdom teeth surgery only to be told her favorite burger chain had shuttered. Parents can be so cruel and funny.
A viral video making the rounds this week and uploaded in late December shows a girl named Taylor, fresh from wisdom teeth surgery struggling to comprehend life itself. Anyone who has had serious dental surgery knows that whatever they use is very strong.
WHATAWHAT?: Whataburger & What-A-Burger: 2 burger chains share one name
In the video the girl's mother, Nikki Duvall, tells her that Whataburger -- her favorite place -- has been closed. Almost instantly her swollen face is covered in tears.
She begins to cry and mumble unintelligibly. It's a heck of a thing to lay on someone pumped full of pain medication.
She says she hates Dairy Queen, when her mom proposes a backup option.
Its actually the kind of moment that smartphones were invented to capture. Soon enough her mother tells her that Whataburger is in fact open and that she can have a milkshake.
WHATABUILDINGS: 'Extraordinary' Whataburger buildings get the scholar treatment
"Oh God bless them," she says in the video.
After wisdom teeth surgery that's likely all she will be able to handle anyways, until they make some sort of meat shake.
Whataburger this week said they were setting Taylor up with free Whataburger for a year for her troubles.
Gold Coast Titans can confirm Dan Sarginson has today been released from the remainder of his contract with the club.
The 24-year-old joined the club in 2017, playing five games at NRL level before a shoulder injury ended his season.
“Dan came to the club off the back of some excellent form in the English Super League but due to injury, he missed a large part of the 2017 season and was unable to produce his best for the Titans,” CEO Graham Annesley said.
“Given the changes at the club over the past few months, Dan was given permission to look for opportunities to pursue his career elsewhere.
“He is a great character and I know the playing group have enjoyed having him around. Everyone at the Titans wishes Dan all the best for the future.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An Irish fighter who became an online star after taking on an 'armed Turkish gang' could face up to nine years in jail for grievous bodily harm, it has emerged.
Mohammed Dobbous was dubbed the 'Irish Boxer' after he was caught on CCTV allegedly downing a series of men during a mass brawl in Istanbul.
Footage appeared to show him punching the mob of shopkeepers and ducking their blows as they attacked him with chairs and wooden poles.
But after the video went viral , Dobbous was arrested by police and charged with assault and GBH over the fight in the Aksaray neighbourhood.
This week, the Kuwaiti-born Irish citizen appeared at the Palace of Justice, where he denied the charges and insisted he was not a boxer at all, 'just a Mike Tyson fan'.
(Image: CEN)
He also told judges the whole brawl had been a misunderstanding.
Dobbous said he was attacked by a shopkeeper after he apparently broke a fridge while trying to open it to get a bottle of water.
He was then attacked by other men, one of whom tried to stab him in the back, he said.
"When the bottles fell, the man in the shop tried to hit me with a stick," Dobbous told the court.
"I grabbed it and threw it away. I was confused. Then, others came at me. I don't remember their faces. One man tried to stab me in the back.
"I knew I would be done if I fell while they were attacking me."
(Image: CEN)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
However, shopkeeper Senol Palan told the court Dobbous had become aggressive after another tourist had been told the shop did not sell alcoholic drinks.
He claimed the accused threatened him and pulled off the fridge door deliberately.
Judges adjourned the case for expert examination of the CCTV footage.
Dobbous became an overnight sensation after the video of the brawl emerged last summer.
Social media users from both Ireland and Turkey hailed him a hero - with one woman even offering her hand in marriage.
He also received free holiday offers from Turkish tourism companies, while several shops started offering 'free water for Irish tourists'.
And Turkish computer game developers even created a game called 'Irish Boxer', in which a character takes on a series of attackers armed with clubs and chairs.
Last year, it was reported that Dobbous had to undergo surgery after suffering a cracked skull, broken arm and broken shoulder blade during the melee.
Turkish news website T24 reporter Kubra Par said she found out that the Irishman had suffered a skull fracture when she called regarding a planned interview.
(Image: Youtube/Comik mis)
She said: "We scheduled an interview but we couldn't meet because he had urgently been rushed to hospital.
"I called his lawyer Gokhan Cindemir to learn about his condition.
"Cindemir confirmed the information and said Dobbous's skull fracture had only just been noticed."
Prosecutors have also demanded jail sentences of up to seven years for three shopkeepers allegedly involved in the brawl.
The case continues.
Russia has called for the establishment of an international tribunal to prosecute those responsible for the 1945 atomic bombings of the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
“The bombings of the Japanese cities, which were the only instances in human history when atomic weapons were used, have never been subject to an international tribunal. But we all know, that crimes against humanity have no statute of limitation,” Speaker of the Russian Duma Sergey Naryshkin said.
He also took to task the US government for having launched the attacks on the Japanese cities in a flagrant violation of international conventions banning the use of weapons of mass destruction against civilian population.
“The current US authorities want to conceal not the tragedy of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, this would be impossible, but the hypocrisy and cynicism of their leaders of these times,” Naryshkin said, adding, “Such behavior casts a shadow on the modern American policies which, of course, retain the legacy of exceptionalist ideology and the position of own infallibility and arrogant force.”
This handout picture taken on November, 1945 shows the A-bomb Dome, three months after atomic bombing of the Japanese city of Hiroshima. (AFP photo)
Naryshkin said the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki led to the death of a large number of civilians who had absolutely no involvement in the crimes committed at the time by the Japanese army.
He called into question the military justification of the attacks, saying Japan was practically defeated after the Soviet Army's victories in Manchuria.
On August 6, 1945, an American B-29 bomber named Enola Gay dropped a four-thousand kilogram uranium bomb on Hiroshima, killing 140,000 people. Three days later, the Japanese port city of Nagasaki was also attacked by an atomic bomb, which left another 70,000 people dead.
Media Fail
Listen Up, all of you video and photo editors at FOX. If you have an ounce of credibility left, it has been placed in jeopardy by this little ridiculously bad Photoshop stunt. Seriously, Guys?!?
It takes many weeks for me to admit that Media Matters has a point, but Newsroom FAIL!
And this is a message to all readers, Watch out for whatever news source you frequent, they all do this sort of thing from time to time, vary the opinions you seek out.
Originally posted at Media Matters on July 02, 2008 12:53 pm ET
Go here for the Video SUMMARY: During a segment in which Fox & Friends co-hosts Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade labeled New York Times reporter Jacques Steinberg and editor Steven Reddicliffe “attack dogs,” Fox News featured photos of Steinberg and Reddicliffe that appeared to have been digitally altered — the journalists' teeth had been yellowed, their facial features exaggerated, and portions of Reddicliffe's hair moved further back on his head.
On the July 2 edition of Fox News' Fox & Friends, co-hosts Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade labeled New York Times reporter Jacques Steinberg and editor Steven Reddicliffe “attack dogs,” claiming that Steinberg's June 28 article on the “ominous trend” in Fox News' ratings was a “hit piece.” During the segment, however, Fox News featured photos of Steinberg and Reddicliffe that appeared to have been digitally altered — the journalists' teeth had been yellowed, their facial features exaggerated, and portions of Reddicliffe's hair moved further back on his head. Fox News gave no indication that the photos had been altered. After putting up the photos of Steinberg and Reddicliffe, Fox & Friends also featured a photograph of Steinberg's face superimposed over that of a poodle, while Reddicliffe's face was superimposed over that of the man holding the poodle's leash. Below is a screenshot of Fox & Friends featuring the photo it used of Steinberg, with the original photo on its left. Comparing the two photos, it appears that the following changes have been made: Steinberg's teeth have been yellowed, his nose and chin widened, and his ears made to protrude further. Similarly, a comparison of the photo of Reddicliffe used by Fox News and the original photo suggests that Reddicliffe's teeth have been yellowed, dark circles have been added under his eyes, and his hairline has been moved back. From the July 2 edition of Fox & Friends: DOOCY: And before we go today, something's been bugging me. A couple of days — KILMEADE: Well, go back outside. DOOCY: We will. A couple of days ago, when most newspapers in America were doing these positive stories about how Fox News Channel, once again, number one — KILMEADE: Like the LA Times. DOOCY: — for many, many years. There was a hit piece by somebody in The New York Times. The writer was a fellow by the name of Jacques Steinberg, and he's been doing a bunch of attack stories on Fox News Channel. Well, there's some backstory to it, and that is this: His boss, the guy who assigned him to this, is a fellow by the name of Steven Reddicliffe, and Mr. Reddicliffe actually used to work for this company. He worked — I think he was the editor in charge of TV Guide until circulation went down under his tenure — KILMEADE: Right. DOOCY: — something like, 40 percent. So, he got fired, and according to Radar Online, this guy has had an ax to grind. KILMEADE: Yeah, he does, because, I think, Steve, according to reports — according to Radar and another online magazine — he was making close to a million dollars here, and now with his new job — DOOCY: Yeah. KILMEADE: — he's making significantly less. How about a tenth of that? DOOCY: So, anyway, Radar says he's had an ax to grind, and that's why he sends his attack dog Jacques Steinberg out — that fellow right there, the writer for The New York Times — to do these hit pieces. So, he essentially is his attack dog. His — his poodle, if you will. KILMEADE: So — DOOCY: Oooh! Very, very nice. KILMEADE: — Radar Online has unlocked the mystery. And there you go, because that story was oddly in the Arts section of The New York Times, in the Sunday Times. DOOCY: Anyway, we just thought we'd — cute. I wonder if he's going to show him at Westminster this year. KILMEADE: I'm not really sure. We know a beagle won last year, and this — he's dressed as a poodle.
Advertisements
Pin It
The Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookie
variations included- lemon, toffee, M&M, macadamia, & more!
I have been on the search for the Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookie for years. My friend, Daniella, makes perfect cookies and taught me how. Below are step-by-step instructions to make your own perfect cookies, as well as pictures of things that can go wrong. We are sorry to lose all of the comments that have been left over the years, but we are getting too much spam. We decided to switch to a facebook comment format.
Feel free to comment again. We'd love to hear from you!
Assemble the ingredients to make sure you have everything. It's very frustrating to be halfway into a recipe and realize you're missing something. It can also ruin your cookies if some of the mixtures sit at room temperature too long while you get the missing items.
In a small bowl gently mix the flour, salt, and baking soda until the ingredients are evenly distributed. Set aside.
Using the wire whisk attachment of a stand mixer, cream the butter and shortening on high until light and fluffy, 1-3 minutes. 2 3/4 c (14.5 oz) all-purpose flour
1 t baking soda
1 t salt
1/2 c (4 oz) unsalted butter at room temperature
1/2 c (4 oz) Crisco (plain or butter flavored, I prefer plain) Mixing the flour allows the final dough to have an even distribution of ingredients without over-mixing it.
Beating the butter and shortening gives the dough a better rise in the oven, making the cookies lighter. Butter is good for taste and shortening is good to make the cookie softer.
Add both sugars and beat on high 1-2 minutes. Add eggs and vanilla. Beat until fully incorporated. Switch to the paddle attachment. Add the chocolate chips and mix gently. Add the flour mixture and mix until just incorporated. Do not overmix! 1 c (6.5 oz) light brown sugar
1 c minus 2 T (6.5 oz) white sugar
2 large eggs
1 1/2 t vanilla
1 1/2 c (10 oz) semi-sweet chocolate chips (Hershey's brand is best)
Variations- replace chocolate chips with:
Lemon White Chocolate- 1 T citric acid, 1 T lemon extract, 1 1/2 c white chocolate chips
White Chocolate Macadamia Nut- 3/4 c white chocolate chips, 3/4 c chopped macadamia nuts
White Chocolate Craisin- 3/4 c white chocolate chips, 3/4 c craisins
M&M- 1 c mini M&Ms or 1 1/2 c regular M&Ms
Milk Chocolate Toffee- 1 1/2 c milk chocolate toffee bits Adding the chocolate chips before adding the flour evenly distributes them without over-mixing the final dough. Do not over-mix or it will discolor the dough.
The flour to be just incorporated, is the point when you no longer see white spots of flour. Do not overmix! Over-mixing will ruin the cookies. They will bake flatter and look greasy. See the problem section for a picture of a very over-mixed cookie. Touch test the dough. It should feel slightly sticky, but not much should stick to your finger. If it is very sticky add flour 2T (.5 oz) at a time. Using your hands, roll the dough into balls 1.5 inches tall (1.5 oz). (For bigger cookies see instructions below). Place on an ungreased cookie sheet 3 inches apart. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes or until firm. You can hold the dough up to two days in the refrigerator or up to six months in the freezer. When shaping the cookies, you will know if you have the fat/flour ratio right.
too little flour- it will stick to your hands, forms a messy looking ball
just right- won't stick to your hands, but just barely, forms a smooth ball
too much flour- dough has to be forced into a ball, crumbly dough, rough looking ball
The same problems occur when over-handling the dough as over-mixing it. They will bake flat and look greasy. Handle the dough as little as possible while still shaping them properly.
To freeze, place the dough balls on a plate side by side, cover and freeze at least an hour. You can then bag them and they won't be stuck together when you take them out.
15-20 minutes before baking, position the oven rack to the second highest setting. Preheat the oven to 375. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and bake 8-10 minutes. They are ready to come out of the oven when they are domed and puffy, show a few signs of browning and look a bit underdone. Leave the cookies on the cookie sheet for 2 minutes. It takes most ovens much longer to preheat than when it beeps to tell you it's ready. An oven thermometer is very helpful. When my oven beeps, it's usually 50-100 degrees too low. It will ruin the cookies to bake them at the incorrect temperature. My oven is also calibrated incorrectly. I have to turn it to 385 degrees for it to actually be 375 degrees. Determining when they are done:
underdone- the are tall, shiny in the middle, pale in color, fall apart when transfered, fall through on the cooling rack
perfect- domed, puffy, show a few signs of browning, look a bit underdone but are not shiny on the top, hold together during transfer
overdone- flat, many brown spots, may break when transfering, hard and crispy when cooled
If they cook faster than 8 minutes the oven is too hot or the cookies are too small. If they take longer than 10 minutes the oven is too cool or the cookies are too big.
It is important to wait 2 minutes before transferring them. They continue to bake from the heat of the sheet without being over-baked in the oven. Also, they will hold together better and be less likely to fall in the middle if you wait. Remove them to a cooling rack to cool evenly. Wait ten minutes, then serve your Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookie!
Lemon cookies are great served with Lemon cookies are great served with creamy vanilla ice cream and berry syrup Bigger Cookies It was interesting to make the cookies bigger. They exterior was cracked like in problem cookie #9 below, but they had a perfect interior. The texture and consistency are just about the same as the smaller ones, but they look quite different. Roll a large piece of dough into a ball, then gently flatten the top and bottom into a thick disc shape about 1.5 inches tall. Each dough ball was 2.5 oz compared to 1.5 oz in the smaller cookies.
It is very important to flatten the top and bottom or it will not bake evenly. (See problem cookie #7.) Bake 6 cookies per sheet for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool on sheet for 2 minutes.
Remove them to a cooling rack and cool completely. Problems There are many variables in baking. Pictured are cookies with various problems using the same dough (with flour adjustments in numbers 3 &4).
1. This cookie is done just right. It is pictured to compare with the rest.
2. This dough was not refrigerated. It is still good but a little flatter than it should be.
3. This dough contained too much flour and did not spread much at all. It is interesting to note that the dough looked identical to the correct dough, but was much stiffer and drier.
4. This dough had too little flour. It spread too much and didn't bake evenly.
5. This dough was over-mixed. It had a poor color, baked flat and had a strange consistency.
6. This dough was formed too small. It was overcooked at eight minutes. It is fine to make smaller cookies, just bake them for less time.
7. This dough was formed too large. The outsides were done while the middle was too high and underdone.
8. This dough was baked in an oven 25 degrees too hot. The outside was overdone and the inside was slightly underdone.
9. This dough was baked in an oven 25 degrees too cool. It fell flat and became too crisp without much of an inside.
10. This dough was frozen when baked. It took longer to bake and didnât cook as evenly. To use frozen dough, set on cookie sheet at room temperature while oven is preheating, 15-20 minutes. It takes the frost off and bakes perfectly. The Problem with Measuring Cups In these cookies I measured the shortening in a measuring cup rather than by a scale or by the package (Crisco sticks). When I later weighed how much shortening my 1/2 c measuring cups holds it was 1 oz too much. I have another 1/2 cup that measures 1 oz too little. As you can see the cookies baked flat and they tasted bad. This could've been avoided had I used the same measuring cup each time or the more accurate way would've been to use crisco sticks every time instead of measuring cups. The most accurate method is to weigh your ingredients. You will get consistent results each time.
The Problem with Flour A lot of flour can be packed into a measuring cup. One cup is typically considered to be 5 oz. I ran a little test to weigh the differences in scooping flour.
I used the same measuring cup and the same bucket of flour. I put the measuring cup in, scooped out the flour, then leveled it with a knife. Here are the results: Scoop #1: 5.4 oz
Scoop #2: 4.6 oz
Scoop #3: 5.5 oz
Scoop #4: 4.7 oz The differences are in how hard I scooped it. I used a heavy hand in #3, and scooped lightly in #2. There was almost a full ounce difference between the two. These differences can greatly effect how your cookies turn out. Tips and Tricks
Make Ahead
Frozen Dough
I love to keep cookie dough on hand. These stay good up to 6 months in the freezer.
Freezing
-I like to roll the dough into individual balls and freeze them on a baking sheet. Then I transfer them to a zipper-lock bag to store them long term. If you put them in the bag before freezing them, they will stick together,
Baking
-Place the frozen dough on a baking sheet, then heat the oven. When the oven is ready, bake 9-11 minutes (an additional minute or two to the normal instructions).
-Baking it directly from the freezer makes the edges crisp and the middle under-done
Refrigerated Dough
Dough is good up to 3 days in the refrigerator. Don't worry if they don't turn out. Write down exactly what you did and decide what you need to change the next time. Try it again soon so it is fresh in your memory. Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookies
Daniella 2 3/4 c (14.5 oz) all-purpose flour
1 t baking soda
1 t salt
1/2 c (4 oz) unsalted butter at room temperature
1/2 c (4 oz) Crisco (plain or butter flavored, I prefer plain)
1 c (6.5 oz) light brown sugar
1 c minus 2 T (6.5 oz) white sugar
2 large eggs
1 1/2 t vanilla
1 1/2 c (10 oz) semi-sweet chocolate chips (Hershey's brand is best)
Variations- replace chocolate chips with:
Lemon White Chocolate- 1 T citric acid, 1 T lemon extract, 1 1/2 c white chocolate chips
White Chocolate Macadamia Nut- 3/4 c white chocolate chips, 3/4 c chopped macadamia nuts
White Chocolate Craisin- 3/4 c white chocolate chips, 3/4 c craisins
M&M- 1 c mini M&Ms or 1 1/2 c regular M&Ms
Milk Chocolate Toffee- 1 1/2 c milk chocolate toffee bits
1. In a small bowl mix the flour, salt, and baking soda until the ingredients are (1)evenly distributed. Set aside. 2. Using a wire whisk attachment of a stand mixer, (2)cream the butter and shortening on high until light and fluffy 1-3 minutes. 3. Add both sugars and beat on high 1-2 minutes. Add eggs and vanilla. Beat until fully incorporated. 4. Switch to a paddle attachment. (3)Add the chocolate chips and mix gently. 5. Add the flour mixture and mix until (4)just incorporated. 6. Touch test the dough. It should feel slightly sticky, but not much should stick to your finger. If it is very sticky add flour 2T (.5 oz) at a time. If it is firm or dry, you have added too much flour and I donât know a good way to reverse this. 7. Using your (6)hands, roll the dough into balls 1.5 inches tall (for bigger cookies see instructions above). Place on an ungreased cookie sheet 3 inches apart. 8. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes or until firm. You can hold the dough up to two days in the refrigerator or up to six months in the (7)freezer. 9. (8)15-20 minutes before baking, position the oven rack to the second highest setting. Preheat the oven to 375. 10. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and bake (9)8-10 minutes. They are ready to come out of the oven when they are domed and puffy, show a few signs of browning and look a bit underdone. 11. Leave the cookies on the cookie sheet for (10)2 minutes. Remove them to a cooling rack so they will cool evenly. Wait ten minutes, then serve your Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookie! Notes
1. Mixing the flour allows the final dough to have an even distribution of ingredients without over-mixing it.
2. Beating the butter and shortening gives the dough a better rise in the oven, making the cookies lighter. Butter is good for taste and shortening is good to make the cookie softer.
3. Adding the chocolate chips before adding the flour evenly distributes them without over-mixing the final dough. Do not over-mix or it will discolor the dough.
4. Just incorporated is the point when you no longer see white spots of flour. Do not overmix! Over-mixing will ruin the cookies. They will bake flatter and look greasy. See the problem section for a picture of a very over-mixed cookie.
5. While shaping the dough, you will be able to tell if you have the fat/flour ratio right.
not enough flour- it will stick to your hands, forms a messy looking ball
just right- won't stick to your hands, but just barely, forms a smooth ball
too much flour- dough has to be forced into a ball, crumbly dough, rough looking ball
6. The same problems occur when over-handling the dough as over-mixing it. They will bake flat and look greasy. Handle the dough as little as possible while still shaping them properly.
7. To freeze, place the dough balls on a plate or baking sheet side by side, cover and freeze at least an hour. You can then bag them and they wonât be stuck together when you take them out.
8. It takes most ovens much longer to preheat than when the oven tells you itâs ready. I have an oven thermometer which is very helpful. When my oven beeps telling me itâs ready, itâs usually 50-100 degrees too low. It will ruin your cookies to bake them at the incorrect temperature. My oven is also calibrated incorrectly. I have to turn it to 385 degrees for it to actually be 375 degrees.
9. Determining when they are done:
underdone- the are tall, shiny in the middle, pale in color, fall apart when transfered from the cookie sheet, fall through on the cooling rack
perfect- domed, puffy, show a few signs of browning, look a bit underdone but are not shiny on the top, hold together during transfer
overdone- flat, many brown spots, may break when transfering, hard and crispy when cooled
If they cook faster than 8 minutes the oven is too hot or the cookies are too small. If they take longer than 10 minutes the oven is too cool or the cookies are too big.
10. It is important to wait these 2 minutes. They continue to bake from the heat of the sheet without being over-baked in the oven. Also, they will hold together better and be less likely to fall in the middle if you wait.
Recipes Desserts Occasions Appetizers Produce
BOSTON (CBS) – A Massachusetts State Police trooper helped make a young girl's day after he tracked down her treasured stuffed bear that had fallen out her family's car window.
On December 5, a young girl named Emma dropped Polar, her “lifelong companion,” out the car window and onto the travel lane of Interstate 495 in Milford.
“Emma started crying hysterically,” her mom Beth Deverix recalls, “and I said ‘what's the matter?' and she said ‘Polar's out the window!'”
So she pulled over with hysterical child and called State Police.
“They asked if it was an emergency and I was very embarrassed to say ‘no it's not an emergency my daughter lost her lovey,'” Deverix said.
Deverix admits she would have understood if police had declined the stuffed bear rescue — but that didn't happen.
Trooper Dan Mather, a father himself, responded and understood the urgency. He hunted the bear down in traffic and found it on the rumble strip by the left hand lane.
“Anyone with a child that has ‘that one' thing that they bring everywhere with them, knows how traumatic this would be to a small child,” police said on Facebook.
Emma and her parents wrote a thank-you note to Mather for helping them.
“We appreciate what you did and your kindness – you made one little girl so very happy to be united with her lovey. Thank you so much,” the note said.
State Police said the card from Emma “made Trooper Mather's day.”
The UK newspaper the Independent today is featuring an article titled Warning: Oil supplies are running out fast. The article is based on an interview with Fatih Birol, Chief Economist of the International Energy Agency.
In a stark warning to Britain and the other Western powers, Dr Birol said that the market power of the very few oil-producing countries that hold substantial reserves of oil – mostly in the Middle East – would increase rapidly as the oil crisis begins to grip after 2010.
"One day we will run out of oil, it is not today or tomorrow, but one day we will run out of oil and we have to leave oil before oil leaves us, and we have to prepare ourselves for that day," Dr Birol said. "The earlier we start, the better, because all of our economic and social system is based on oil, so to change from that will take a lot of time and a lot of money and we should take this issue very seriously," he said.
"The market power of the very few oil-producing countries, mainly in the Middle East, will increase very quickly. They already have about 40 per cent share of the oil market and this will increase much more strongly in the future," he said.
There is now a real risk of a crunch in the oil supply after next year when demand picks up because not enough is being done to build up new supplies of oil to compensate for the rapid decline in existing fields.
Last year, in keeping with his writing on Jews and money, John Graham wrote a blog called “We're Rich; We're Jewish: We Rule.” His point was that Jews have lots of money and use it to advance their interests, in this case promoting gay marriage in New York from a Republican base. He noted that “the NYT avoids the most significant aspect to this story, but the Capital J blog at the JTA.org website is made of sterner stuff:
The New York Times runs a piece today on how the big money behind the push for sanctioning gay marriage in New York State is coming from Republicans. The figures named are also Jewish….But I mean every name. Here's what a quick Google search came up with: –Paul Singer: on the boards of Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs and Commentary –Daniel Loeb: Appeared at events for YIVO and the Jewish Enrichment Center. –Clifford Asness: Likened Obama's proposed tax policies to pogroms. (Yes, philanthropy would be nicer than name calling, but this is still a form of identification.) –Steven A. Cohen: this excellent Tablet piece by Allison Hoffman exposes a rabbi who tried to use Cohen's Jewishness in a scheme to extort money from him, but otherwise notes that Cohen's philanthropy does not have much of a Jewish slant… And then there's former Republican National Committee chairman, Ken Mehlman, who's organizing the whole GOP push, and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who also backs the initiative (but is no longer a Republican.) Jewish, Republican, pro-gay rights by Ron Kampeas – May 14, 2011
“But I mean every name.” That's exactly the sentiment I am feeling now as I read just the beginning of a YAHOO! FINANCE article titled “Living Very Large.” It is about Americans who are building massive houses despite the pronounced trend among average Americans to scale back on size.
Just in order of what I've read so far we find:
— Hyatt hotel heir Anthony Pritzker has a new 49,300-square-foot mansion. Wiki says that “The Pritzker family is one of America's wealthiest families, and has been near the top of Forbes magazine's “America's Richest Families” list since the magazine began in 1982.”
— Hedge-fund manager Cliff Asness [mentioned above] is building a 25,900-square-foot, Colonial-style home with an indoor swimming pool and tennis court in Greenwich, Conn.
— Nearby, a 31,500-square-foot mansion is being built for Lee Weinstein, founder of data-center concern Xand, with 15 bathrooms (plus additional powder rooms), a 2,500-square-foot master suite and a basement with a theater, wine cellar, juice bar, dance studio and sauna.
— Twenty miles away, in Westport, Conn., Melissa and Doug Bernstein are creating a compound of more than 30,000 square feet with a stand-alone ice-cream parlor, plans show. The main house alone is 29,500 square feet and includes a gym partially covered by glass; there's also a guest cottage, pool cabana and rec-room-and-garage building. The property also has a pool, tennis court and playground.
Only with number five on the list, Jim Ellis, “who co-founded a cellphone insurance provider,” do we find someone who might not be Jewish. Sixth, however, is back to Jewish, as software mogul Larry Ellison (listed as America's third richest man) is working on a 18,000-square-foot-plus compound.
Following Ellis is someone I can't find much information about, Gene Pretti, who heads an investment-management firm.
The few remaining homeowners named include two non-Jews: New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady lives in a Los Angeles home that is an 18,300-square-foot limestone structure reached via bridge over a pond that separates it from the driveway. Another, whose “home” comes in at a whopping 70,000 square feet, is Prince Abdulaziz ibn Abdullah ibn Abdulaziz Al Saud, son of the king of Saudi Arabia.
So why did WSJ reporter Juliet Chung choose these particular individuals? Is this somehow representative of the American super rich? Or does it speak to conspicuous consumption, especially among Jews?
I've written about Jews who are famous for lavish displays of personal wealth: for throwing extravagant bar mitzvahs, birthday parties, weddings, and just regular parties. A prominent example is the story about the owner of a Long Island firm that specializes in making bulletproof vests for the U.S. military, vests which many critics claim are defective. CEO David Brooks has been in deep trouble, as ABC reports:
A class action lawsuit, which was recently settled for some $35 million, charged Brooks and his top executives with issuing misleading financial statements and then selling over 10 million of their own shares in the company and receiving over $200 million in illegal profits. . . . Following that stock sale, Brooks again raised eyebrows when he threw his daughter a lavish bat mitzvah, which reportedly cost $10 million. The party featured performances by Aerosmith and rapper 50 Cent and took place at the New York's famed Rainbow Room.
To be sure, this situation is nowhere near as unjust as that recounted in Deuteronomy 6:10-11, where God brings ancient Jews “into the land that He swore to your fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give you — with great and good cities that you did not build, and houses full of all good things that you did not fill, and cisterns that you did not dig, and vineyards and olive trees that you did not plant . . .”
I guess what I take away from this Yahoo article is the fact that Jews are simply hugely prominent in our culture, yet so many non-Jews still fail to make note of it, let alone what it might mean.
More than 300,000 people across Sudan have been affected by floods and almost 50 people have been killed this month, the UN's World Health Organisation has said.
The WHO revealed the scale of the devastation on Thursday as a new thunderstorm and strong winds rattled parts of the capital, Khartoum, already suffering from what the UN said was the worst inundation in 25 years.
"Heavy rains and floods in Sudan have affected lives and properties of some 65,957 families or 320,000 people," WHO said in a report.
As of Wednesday, 48 people had been killed and 70 injured. Property damage has been reported in 14 of the country's 18 states, the organisation said.
Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamed, the interior minister, gave a higher death toll of 53 last week.
The WHO said one of the major health concerns was the collapse of almost 53,000 pit-latrines.
River swollen
In addition to damage from the flash floods which struck urban neighbourhoods earlier this month, the Blue Nile river in Khartoum has risen.
AFP reporters on Thursday saw the river had washed over about one kilometre of farmland in the east of the city, but a sand berm appeared to have been erected in an effort to block further intrusion.
Mark Cutts, who heads the UN's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Sudan, said the UN was ready to support the government to help those affected by the floods, even though UN humanitarian operations in Sudan "have been severely underfunded" in 2013.
Aid workers were also assisting hundreds of thousands displaced this year by worsening fighting in the western Darfur region.
More than one million more have been uprooted or severely affected by war in South Kordofan and Blue Nile.
Foreign aid to assist flood victims has flown in from Morocco, Qatar, Ethiopia and Egypt, according to official media.
You can also follow us now on our instagram account : https://www.instagram.com/gregoryleroyphoto/
As a Carnaval gift to all our Caraqueños friends we are happy to share with you this wonderful album of early Venezuelan photographs.
Although the prints were clearly made in France as indicated by the credit of a Parisian photography agency and the written captions in French, we just acquired this album from an Argentinian private collection.
The quality of conservation and the beauty of the images is astonishing. We hope you will enjoy it as much as we have.
Especially moving for all Caraqueños is the very rare view of a small village, 15km from the city, called Petare.
We are still working on the attribution but were too giddy with the album to not share it quickly. We will keep you informed of our findings…
Team Czech Republic and Team Russia played the second of their two-game mini-set this afternoon at the arena in Prague. The two teams battled to a scoreless tie for the first two periods of play, with Team Czech Republic holding the edge in offensive shot production. But then Kuzy amazed.
Shots are 23-11 for Czech Rep. through two periods. They were 8-5 for Czech Rep in second after 15-6 in first. — Tom Gulitti (@TomGulittiNHL) September 10, 2016
After two periods of play, things were looking quite sluggish for Team Russia, including their power play.
Russia PP has been not good. 0-for-3 now. Czech PK has been sharp. — Tom Gulitti (@TomGulittiNHL) September 10, 2016
And yet another sluggish start for the Capitals troika.
Ovechkin has 1 SOG through two periods and had only 1 in game on Thursday. His line has two shots tonight. Kuznetsov has other. — Tom Gulitti (@TomGulittiNHL) September 10, 2016
But finally, things broke loose for Team Russia when the Capitals Evgeny Kuznetsov made a stunning saucer pass to line mate Nikita Kucherov. This is an unbelievable “between the defenders legs, saucer-bounce pass” by Kuzy, but then again, “Kuzy make nice sauce”.
The game commentators continued, praising Kuznetsov, saying he was “by far the best Russian player” for the game. By far!
Kuznetsov to Kucherov and it's 1-0 Russia pic.twitter.com/VsopRd1zGM — Jeff Veillette (@JeffVeillette) September 10, 2016
That would be all of the scoring for Team Russia. The Czech's would win it in a shootout, 2-1.
Ales Hemsky wins it for Czechs, 2-1 SO win over Russia pic.twitter.com/c8GTSmTBIa — Marina Molnar (@mkmolnar) September 10, 2016
By Jon Sorensen
The 2004 tape, broadcast by ABC News on April 22, features Al-Nahyan beating a bound Afghan man with a spiked board, inserting a cattle prod into his anus, lighting his testicles on fire, pouring salt in his wounds, and finally driving over him with a Mercedes SUV – with the sound of breaking bones clearly audible.
It was smuggled out of the United Arab Emirates and given to the station by Bassam Nabulsi, a former business associate of Sheikh Issa, who is suing him in a Houston court.
Footage of the shocking torture has caused an international uproar, threatening the reputation of the purportedly westernised Middle Eastern country. The UAE Ministry of the Interior confirmed to ABC that the man in the 45-minute video is Issa.
After initially saying the matter had been resolved between the sheikh and the torture victim, the country gave in to international pressure and detained Issa on house arrest Monday pending a criminal trial. If the case goes to trial, it would be the first-ever criminal prosecution of a UAE royal.
The dark desert torture scene is a far cry from Dietramzell's pastoral alpine vistas. According to Gröbmaier, Issa, half-brother of the ruler of Abu Dhabi, bought a large equestrian estate there in 2006.
“It's beautiful here, it has everything you could possibly want,” she told The Local. “We don't get a lot of outsiders.”
The town of just 5,300 in the county of Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen has offered the sheikh and his family plenty of privacy, which he supplemented by buying up all of the public roads surrounding the opulent Gut Schlieckenried estate and closing them, according to the daily Süddeutsche Zeitung.
“A few hundren thousand euros here and there play no role,” his local architect Gerhard Zach told daily tz, refusing to comment on the torture allegations.
While Issa's expansion plans, brightly lit corrals and road closures didn't particularly please local authorities, he has been described as a friendly neighbour, apt to show up at local barns as part of his equestrian interests, the paper said. One of Issa's children was also reportedly born there.
But the new video has caused a stir among Dietramzell residents, as well as German media looking for more details on the activities of the “torture sheikh” in Bavaria.
“Of course people are talking about it, and everyone disapproves, it's horrifying,” Gröbmaier said.
At the same time, the mayor is loath to condemn the mysterious neighbour's acts of torture – of which several other videos allegedly exist – recorded for him to watch afterwards in his home.
“This is a matter for justice,” she told The Local. “And German law enforcement has no jurisdiction over him anyway.”
Meanwhile, many residents have been frustrated by the media's failure to address the well-being of Issa's Afghan torture victim, she said.
“I can't comprehend how television stations can allow footage of the torture to go on for minutes without any regard for his dignity or health, and we all feel that way,” she said.
The founder of viral pro-Trump tween singing group “USA Freedom Kids” now plans to sue the Republican presidential campaign for violating various unwritten agreements. The tween cheerleaders first achieved national fame after performing their song “Freedom's Call”—with lyrics like “Deal from strength or get crushed!”—at Trump's January rally in Pensacola, Florida. The group's founder, Jeff Popick, father to the youngest member, claims it was at that rally that the campaign broke its promise for compensation; only to once again break financial and logistic promises at another rally at which they were scheduled to appear. “This is not a billion-dollar lawsuit,” Popick told the Washington Post. “I'm not looking to do battle with the Trump campaign, but I have to show my girls that this is the right thing.”
We've spoken about Mookie Betts a few times recently in these digital pages, highlighting what we might expect out of him given his age and tools, and looking at the validity of some of the comparisons to a young Andrew McCutchen. And why not: despite a batting line in the opening week that might not wow us at first glance, he's been a walking highlight reel since spring training with his sneaky power, base running, and defense in centerfield.
Monday only added to the hype, as he did this in the top of the first inning on a Bryce Harper would-be home run:
Followed by this base running gem in the bottom of the same inning:
Quickly followed by this line drive shot in the bottom of the second:
Those plays are a great full day at the park for an established superstar; they were a great 40 minutes for Mookie Betts during the opening week of his first full year as a major leaguer. We've only played six or seven games this season, so it's hard for us to cut through the noise and hype — however, there's the sense that it this is the continued beginning of something special for the guy playing centerfield in Boston.
Yesterday, following the home run, there was a common theme to the reactions from the press and social media: Mookie Betts has incredibly quick hands. It's not hard to see why people are saying that: the pitch was inside, Betts kept his arms in, and the swing was short and explosive. Adding to that, Jordan Zimmerman hit his target. He and Jose Lobaton were trying to get Betts inside with something hard (PITCHf/x classified it as a slider, but it would be an abnormally fast slider for Zimmerman, and it didn't break much); the pitch was going where it was supposed to, Betts just hit it out. From the Red Sox broadcast:
How many times have we seen this so far this season, where they try to sneak a fastball inside to Mookie Betts, and he just cleans it out?
There's a bit of hyperbole there, as the Red Sox have played seven games, but we get the gist. To that point, the pitch location of his home run yesterday was similar to the one he hit on Opening Day; it turns out it's similar to most of the home runs he's hit at the big league level. There have been 195 home runs hit so far this season: Betts' second-inning shot yesterday was the 30th-most inside pitch hit for a home run, and his dinger on Opening Day was the 18th-most. This next one, on a 1-2 count from September of last year off Miguel Gonzalez, is illustrative of that tendency:
The angle of the camera shot makes the ball look a bit closer to the plate than it was, as it was over a foot inside from the center of the plate when Betts hit it. That was good for the 34th-most inside pitch hit for a home run in 2014 (out of 4,188 total home runs). We're starting to get an idea of what's going on with Betts' power. Jeff wrote a great article last week about where Ryan Zimmerman is like Miguel Cabrera, and how both are able to hit pitches way off the plate inside for home runs. We're not seeing that extreme level of off-plate power with Mookie Betts (and we may never), but we are starting to get an idea where his happy zone is, and it's a little different from most hitters. Take a look at where his career home runs have been in the strike zone (the zone is not exact, but it's good enough to get the point):
Don't get my wrong, most hitters like pitches middle-in. Those two closer to the center of the plate are pitches that hitters often do damage to. The difference between other hitters and Betts is that most of them like it a little more middle than the other five pitches above, and most of them don't have the in-zone contact skills that Betts possesses. That highlights the trickiness inherent to pitching to Betts: he doesn't have many glaring holes in his swing and doesn't chase a lot of bad pitches. Try to bust him inside, and he can drive the ball, even when it's on the black; try to get him to chase outside, and he'll take his walks. Let's take a look at his zone profile for swing rates to get an idea of how often he chases:
Not a lot, is the answer. The place to get him, it seems, is well-located on the outside corner, where he doesn't swing much and isn't as able to drive the ball (.182 slugging for the 38% purple box). Again, you could say the same about most hitters. Zimmerman and Lobaton made the mistake of trying to beat Betts in the place where he swings the most, and the result was a three-run home run that effectively ended the contest. They weren't the first battery to try that, and it's a safe bet they won't be the last.
There's one thing for certain: pitchers will adjust to Betts' strengths. As is the case with all young players, how Betts adjusts back to the pitching change will tell us a lot. Based on his contact skills and eye at the plate, he might be better suited to weathering those adjustment periods than most. With hands as quick as his on inside pitches, everything becomes a lot easier.
UMSkinCheck's developers are pitching the app as a convenient, cost-effective alternative to whole body photography, which traditionally requires a professional photographer. Still, it requires some time and patience to set up, and you can't go it alone. While you're striking 23 different poses, you need a partner to line up your body parts with the outlines on the screen, point, and shoot. Be warned: sexy photo time this is not. Having taken the aforementioned lesson about nude photography to heart, I don't have enough experience with my iPhone's camera to say whether its skin shots typically come out as grainy and downright unattractive as these do, but suffice it to say that you're really going to want to make sure your chosen password is hack-proof.
Vanity should never get in the way of something that is potentially life-saving, but it's a bit hard to imagine that this app will become widely used. Scoring high on the risk-assessment quiz would be, I imagine, one form of encouragement for potential users. Another might be the statistics: the National Cancer Institute estimates that there will be 2 million new diagnoses of basal and squamous cell skin cancer in the United States this year, and 76,250 cases of melanoma, skin cancer's most dangerous form. Giving people the tools to recognize symptoms of such a pervasive disease is a powerful use of technology.
The Institute also warns, however, that "based on fair though unquantified evidence, visual examination of the skin in asymptomatic individuals may lead to unavoidable increases in harmful consequences." Mis- and over-diagnosis are problems associated with over-testing for certain cancers, leading to unnecessary interventions and, at worst, to serious complications. According to Dr. Lynn Schuchter of the University of Pennsylvania and skin cancer editor for cancer.net, early detection of basal and squamous cell skin cancer, conditions that take years to progress and rarely metastasize, is not vital. For melanoma, on the other hand, "early detection makes all the difference in saving lives."
Screening for skin cancer is done via visual examination, and therefore does not involve expensive diagnostic imaging devices (MRI, CT and PET scanners were identified in a May 2012 study as one reason for the United States' disproportionately high healthcare spending), and self-exams save doctors from having to screen patients who are otherwise asymptomatic. But while visible, skin lesions can be extremely difficult to distinguish from numerous other, noncancerous marks and bumps, said Schuchter. If UMSkinCheck can prevent patients from going to the doctor every time an unseemly mole makes them uncomfortable and save further testing for those who are reasonably sure they have something to worry about, then it can contribute to efforts to reform cancer screening.
The Ducks will begin their 2015 Training Camp on Friday, Sept. 18 at THE RINKS - Anaheim ICE with practices running from 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. (three groups using both NHL and Olympic rinks). Anaheim's Training Camp schedule is highlighted by three scrimmages that will be held Saturday through Monday beginning at 12 p.m. on the NHL rink of Anaheim ICE. All scrimmages and practices at Anaheim ICE will be open to the public and free of charge. Times are subject to change, so fans are recommended to visit AnaheimDucks.com for updates.
In addition to the three scrimmages, the camp schedule includes group practices on Saturday from 9 a.m. - 2 p.m., Sunday from 9 a.m. - 2 p.m. and Monday from 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. THE RINKS - Anaheim ICE is located at 300 West Lincoln Avenue, Anaheim, Calif., 92805. Parking is available in two separate structures adjacent to the facility.
Anaheim's 64-man camp roster (attached) features 38 forwards, 19 defensemen and seven goaltenders.
When people are rejected by peers, they often lash out. In children, that aggression occasionally takes horrifying directions, leading to school shootings or other deadly acts. Researchers in the Netherlands found that some children are more likely than others to lash out in response to acute peer rejection: children who already feel like outcasts.
"It was inspired by the fact that we had these school shootings and wondered what the most important feature of these kids could be," says Albert Reijntjes of Utrecht University, who cowrote the study with five other psychological scientists. "In discussing it with colleagues, the alienation concept came up; maybe there is something to alienation that increases aggression."
The researchers recruited students in two or three classes at each of three Dutch schools; 121 students aged 10 to 13 took part in the study. Each child was told they were playing an Internet contest called "Survivor" -- a fake contest for the study. Each child completed a personal profile to be allegedly uploaded to the website alongside their picture. Then they were given time to look over the feedback they received from eight judges, children from other schools. Some of the children received mostly positive feedback; some had mostly negative feedback, like, "This person does not seem fun to hang out with."
Finally, the child had a chance to choose how much money each judge would get, and to write comments about the judges.
Students who had been rejected were more likely to act aggressively toward judges -- taking away money from them and/or writing comments like "this person is fat and mean." They were even more aggressive if they'd scored high on a measure of alienation -- agreeing with statements like, "Hardly anyone I know is interested in how I really feel inside."
The results are published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
The experiment ended with a thorough debriefing session, where the researchers explained the project and that the judges and their mean comments were fake. To round it off, "We talk at length about a recent positive social experience they have had and they get a present," Reijntjes says. "So far, that has always been successful in not getting crying kids."
"When you're an outcast, you're more likely to lash out aggressively when faced with bad peer experiences," says Reijntjes. "Although we examined "normal" aggression in a community sample, the findings shed light on factors involved in the more dramatic acts of aggression such as school shootings." Maybe part of the solution is to help children not to feel like outcasts; he says it could be useful to look out for children who feel alienated and design interventions that help them feel part of the group.
Due to an unlikely confluence of world energy trends, my interest in engineering, and the internet, lots of people ask me how they can get my job as a renewable energy engineer. Most of them don't want my job literally, but they do want to work on the engineering side of renewable energy. I generally don't mind answering that kind of question, but I'm busy enough that I thought it would be worthwhile to summarize my answers to the basic questions. I realize that this will probably make more people email me rather than fewer, but at least we'll be able to skip the first few questions; the efficiency of the world should be slightly higher.
What do I do first?
Try as hard as you can to perform engineering immediately. If you can get an internship or an entry-level job, do it now. Your employer will wish that you had waited until you had more skills, but that's their problem, not yours. Do not wait until you have completed engineering school-- you might hate engineering, and school is expensive in time and money.
People hate engineering?
Yes, they do. Engineering is the impossible job, never completed, too complex to understand in full, always held up by details, perverted by marketing, unending in unexpected wrinkles. Years later, you realize your approach was wrong. Plus, it's boring.
You should assume that engineering is not the right job for you. You have to be indoors almost all of the time. You must sit at a desk and use a computer most of the day. Most of the results of your labor will be thrown away or, if you're lucky, recycled for the next design. You will be asked to resend spreadsheets to people who will not understand them. If you aren't truly obsessed with solving hard problems, it's not for you. If you cannot artificially sustain your interest in dry topics, it's not for you.
Yeah, yeah. What if I can't get a job right away?
There are two second-tier classes of tasks: figuring out whether engineering will satisfy you and learning basic engineering skills. If you pay attention, you can figure out whether engineering satisfies you as you develop your skills.
If you want to be a mechanical engineer, you have to learn a CAD program like Solidworks. It is extremely likely that your first job will involve a lot of Solidworks. You might end up using Proengineer or Catia rather than Solidworks, but most renewable energy companies are startups, so Solidworks, the cheapest of the lot, is most common. If you're well-suited for mechanical engineering, you're probably already building stuff in your basement or garage or living room; model your next project in CAD before you build it.
If you're leaning more toward electrical engineering, you have to learn to lay out circuit boards. The most common software packages for PCB layout among startups are, I think, Eagle and Altium Designer (formerly known as Protel). Eagle is popular because the free version is legal, but Altium Designer is more powerful and pleasant to use. Lay out a simple PCB and send it to AP Circuits for fabrication. For $50-100, you'll have your first set of PCBs.
What else do I need to learn?
Even if you want to be a mechanical engineer, you have to learn the basics of electronics. Read chapters 1-4 and 6 of Electronic Circuits and Applications by Senturia and Wedlock, even though it's from 1975 (thanks to Max Davis for the recommendation). Other people will recommend The Art of Electronics by Horowitz and Hill; I think Senturia and Wedlock is much clearer. If you can take a class where you get to use a soldering iron, that's a great step, before or after reading about the topic.
You also have to learn some kind of computer programming. The languages you might learn to include: C, C++, Java, C#, Python, PHP, Javascript, Perl, and Ruby. I'd start with Python or Ruby, especially if you have no programming experience. If you have any interest in embedded electronics, like the brains in battlebots, you need to learn C. If you hate or fear computers, learning to use LabView is probably your best bet.
You should also learn how the internet works. Reading the chapter 1 of Richard Stevens' TCP/IP Illustrated, Volume 1, is a good start. If that goes well, read chapters 2-4, 9, 11, 14, and 17, plus the Wikipedia page on HTTP. I'd also recommend reading C. J. Date's Database in Depth. If you make it halfway through, you're ahead of most database programmers.
That sounds like a lot of work.
No, it doesn't. That sounds like what you want to do with your spare time anyway. If you don't want to learn this stuff, go do something else. There is a lot of work in the world that needs to be done; engineering is only the optimal solution if you're obsessed with engineering or bad at optimization. We need good dentists, scientists, nurses, welders, luthiers, lawyers, and cheesemakers as well. Especially the cheesemakers.
But what about engineering school?
You must go to engineering school. It will take 1-5 years, depending on your background and what school you go to. There is a very slight chance that you can gain enough proficiency in engineering to make it without engineering school, but it's much more likely that you won't have the skill or discipline to teach yourself engineering faster and more cheaply than engineering school would. You can probably learn basic mechanics of materials or some math on your own, but learning advanced topics on your own is painful and slow.
For renewable energy, make sure you pay attention during thermodynamics and heat transfer. You need to take a statistics course as well.
No, you should not get a PhD.
Wait, you've barely mentioned renewable energy.
Renewable energy engineering is a broad field. The major skill you need is the ability to understand the physical principles that drive complex systems. For example, when someone says to you on the street, "I have a remarkable new device that will allow this skyscraper to capture all the energy it needs from the wind or sun," you listen politely. You do not need to know the details of the geometry of their vertical axis wind turbine or their solar concentrating lens because you know that the power density of wind and solar energy flows is 100-1000 times less than the power density of a skyscraper. When they have stopped talking, you ask them what power density they expect to reach. They stare at you blankly, and you can continue on your way, certain that you have not missed an opportunity.
Even when you are not turning down equity opportunities on the street, you should expect your engineering to run in a pattern that starts with the application of broad principles. Once you have an approach that can work in theory, you develop the details.
Beyond a broad engineering education, you need to learn the basics of solar, wind, and biofuels, plus or minus whatever you're interested in.
I'd start with Vaclav Smil's books:
Then I'd read in the subject areas.
Solar: Applied Photovoltaics by Wenham, Green, et al. Wind: Wind Turbines by Erich Hau is outstanding. Biofuels: Ahindra Nag's book is at least decent.
So I just read books for years?
No. As I said at the outset, most important is that you start engineering right away. Build something today, and measure whether its performance is in accordance with theory. The renewable energy field is rife with crackpots; we need well-educated engineers to solve our worsening energy problems. Get to work, now.
Taishi Nakagawa blasted a solo home run in the 10th inning off Scott Mathieson to lift the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles to a come-from-behind win over the Yomiuri Giants 4-3 in interleague action on Sunday.
With the game tied 3-3, Nakagawa led off the bottom of the 10th and hit a fastball into the stands in left to lift the Eagles to victory over the three-time defending Central League champs in front of a packed house at Kobo Stadium Miyagi.
“It was 2-0, a hitter's count, so I was looking fastball and wanted to put a big swing on it,” said the 24-year-old Nakagawa, who has played almost exclusively in the minors since the Eagles selected him as their second draft pick in 2008.
“Yesterday, the pitchers really battled, but we were unable to come up with that one big hit and we lost. I was given another chance to start, so hitting the home run today feels great.”
The right-handed-hitting Nakagawa, who is only now getting his first taste of regular playing time, started all three games against the Giants in Sendai and plated at least one run in each game.
Second-year closer Yuki Matsui (1-0) got the win after allowing one hit in two scoreless innings of relief, while Mathieson (0-3) took the loss after just three pitches.
The game started as an enthralling pitchers' duel between Giants rookie Hayato Takagi, who came in looking for his seventh win, and 2013 Pacfic League rookie of the year Takahiro Norimoto.
Takagi allowed three runs on five hits and a walk over eight innings, while striking out eight. Norimoto gave up eight hits and a walk, while striking out six. He also allowed three runs in eight innings.
The Giants opened the scoring in the third on a triple by Daiki Yoshikawa, and back-to-back RBI singles from Itaru Hashimoto and Soichiro Tateoka.
The Eagles tied it in the sixth on a walk by Wily Mo Pena, a double by former New York Yankee Zelous Wheeler and a triple by Kazuya Fujita. A solo homer by Mitsutaka Goto made it 3-2 Eagles in the seventh, but Norimoto surrendered the lead in the eighth.
Hirokazu Ibata legged out a leadoff double and pinch runner Yasuyuki Kataoka scored on a double by Yoshikawa to tie it. But the Giants could make nothing happen against Matsui, and Nakagawa had the last word.
Fighters 8, Dragons 6
At Sapporo Dome, Hokkaido Nippon Ham sent 10 men to the plate in a five-run first against Chunichi's Raul Valdes (2-5) and hung on to victory behind five solid innings from rookie Kohei Arihara (2-1).
Lions 9, Tigers 4
At Seibu Prince Dome, Takeya Nakamura's fourth home run in four games, a three-run shot, brought Seibu from behind in a win over Hanshin. It was Nakamura's 15th homer of the season.
Carp 2, Buffaloes 1
At Kyocera Dome, Hiroshima's Yuya Fukui (4-1) won a mound duel over Orix's Yuki Nishi, who struck out 13 in seven frames but surrendered a game-tying RBI triple to Nate Schierholtz in his last inning. Schierholtz's ball bounced in front and over center fielder Shunta Goto and rolled to the wall. Ryuhei Matsuyama slugged solo homer in the eighth off Tatsuya Sato (1-5) to break the tie.
Hawks 5, Swallows 2
At Yafuoku Dome, Hiroaki Takaya's two-run homer in the fourth, his first circuit blast in seven years, restored Fukuoka Softbank's three-run cushion over Tokyo Yakult. Hayato Terahara (2-0) allowed two runs in five innings to earn the win.
Marines 9, BayStars 5
At QVC Marine Field, Daichi Suzuki and Katsuya Kakunaka slammed solo home runs in a row in the first as Chiba Lotte racked up a 6-0 lead and held off a late surge from Yokohama.
Kate Beaton
This is the first of two Jules Verne cartoons, and admittedly, the sillier one. Someone gives Poe some credit for influencing science fiction instead of always making parodies of The Raven, hey?
Anyway, this one came in part from a conversation with
AND ALSO
Speaking of which, he and many other great artists will be appearing this weekend at Come Dream With Me TonightThis is the first of two Jules Verne cartoons, and admittedly, the sillier one. Someone gives Poe some credit for influencing science fiction instead of always making parodies of The Raven, hey?Anyway, this one came in part from a conversation with Dustin Harbin , check out his stuff! It's great!AND ALSOSpeaking of which, he and many other great artists will be appearing this weekend at SPX , and I am excited to be there myself! It's a great show, come on out come on come onnnnnnnnn Store!
It is easy to be pessimistic about Indonesia. It is an improbable nation. A gigantic, sprawling and diverse archipelagic state punctuated with multiple fault lines, chief of which are race, language and religion. Hundreds of ethnicities and identities speaking hundreds of languages and spiced up with a multitude of religious beliefs.
So it is perfectly understandable that the amber lights have been flashing in the wake of the recent Jakarta gubernatorial election. It was bitter, divisive and toxic. Religion and race were at the forefront, driven by an extremist vigilante group, FPI (Islamic Defenders Front). The incumbent Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, known by his nickname Ahok, is a Chinese Christian who lost to his Muslim opponent by 58 per cent to 42 per cent. It was a worse-than-expected defeat. A district court subsequently convicted Ahok of blasphemy over comments he made about the Quran on the campaign trail and sentenced him to two years in jail.
Is this a harbinger of rising religious intolerance? Will political stability in Indonesia, which has been anchored in a pluralistic and moderate Muslim polity, be upended by newly emboldened extremist forces igniting the primordial issues of race and religion? Will these unleash centrifugal forces that will tear the country apart on ethnic, religious and geographic lines?
Sectarian strife is not new in Indonesia. The country has been convulsed by it as in the anti-communist conflagration of 1965 and the collapse of Suharto's New Order regime in 1998 where Chinese Indonesians were opportunistically targeted by indigenous Indonesians.
In fact, in the wake of the collapse of the New Order and in the absence of any order, the country for a time descended into a free-for-all where Muslims and Christians were in open and violent conflict in places such as Maluku and in Kalimantan where Malays and Dayaks were killing each other.
But despite these, the country held together. And though ethnic and religious conflicts continue to flare up from time to time - including Muslims against Muslims such as the majority Sunnis against Shias - the country continues to hold together.
Why so? In a word, "nationalism". Every nation has its myth of creation. This basic identity is critical to every society's sense of origin and pride in itself. In Indonesia, as eloquently formulated by founding president Sukarno, it was that despite being different peoples, they all shared a "unity of historical experience" and are members of "one group, one nation".
Indonesian hardline Muslim activists being restrained by military personnel as they shouted slogans during a local tribal festival in Pontianak, West Kalimantan province, on May 20. The divisive gubernatorial Jakarta election has brought up the question of rising religious intolerance, says the writer. PHOTO: AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE
Together as Indonesians they rose, fought and struggled against their Dutch colonial masters to gain their freedom and independence. This powerful founding myth has created a deep sense of Indonesian identity. It is the principal glue that holds the nation together.
UNITY IN DIVERSITY
Yes, Papua remains a challenge but in the main, there have been few large-scale regional separatist movements. And after East Timor, it is doubtful if any Indonesian leader would accept the secession of any further part of Indonesia. Even Aceh which has long fought for its independence has remained part of Indonesia, settling instead for enhanced regional autonomy.
No political party, however secular, wants to risk being branded as anti-Islam in a nation where close to 90 per cent of the population are Muslims. The danger then is that in this reticence, intolerance may well take root, as hardline Islamic groups such as the FPI start to dominate the national discourse, thereby corroding the body politic.
"Unity in Diversity" is the mantra of all Indonesian leaders. This is not just lip service but from the time of independence, Indonesian leaders have sought to give life to it. The predominant Javanese, who constitute 60 per cent of the population but occupy only 7 per cent of Indonesia's land mass, realised at the outset that they could not hold this diverse country together without including others in the corridors of power.
Thus, Sukarno who was Javanese had as his vice-president Mohammad Hatta from Sumatra. President Joko Widodo is Javanese but Vice-President Jusuf Kalla is Buginese from South Sulawesi. His first presidential chief of staff Luhut Pandjaitan is a Protestant from Sumatra. Under Suharto, head of the armed forces Benny Moerdani was subsequently Defence and Security Minister. He was a Catholic.
These are not anomalies but cut across all levels of the national government, bureaucracy and security agencies.
In more recent times, political inclusiveness got a huge boost when former president Habibie announced and fast forwarded a decentralisation programme where power and resources were devolved to hundreds of local districts.
Suharto's immediate successor felt that loosening the reins of government from Jakarta was the only way to deal with the threat of disintegration to Indonesia.
Prior to this, under Suharto, provincial and district governments were headed by mainly Javanese officials. This caused widespread local resentments. By empowering local communities with greater say on their own affairs, decentralisation has paradoxically strengthened the ties between the centre and the periphery as elite interests had been effectively accommodated and local identities given room to flourish.
Consequently, no group feels excluded in the political process as avenues of political participation have widened with elections held at the presidential, parliamentary, provincial and district levels.
Indonesians get seven chances to stand for political office and vote in every five-year electoral cycle. The odds therefore of Indonesia bursting apart on ethnic and geographic grounds are low.
THE CHALLENGE OF POLITICAL ISLAM
Political Islam, however, poses a more complex challenge to the unity and stability of Indonesia. Traditionally, Indonesian Islam has been moderate and syncretic. The majority of Indonesian Muslims are characterised as "abangans", tolerant Muslims who have fused Islam with Buddhism, Hinduism and animistic beliefs.
But globalisation has heightened the impact of external influences, particularly from the Middle East. A greater religiosity is now evident in Indonesia.
To date, this has not manifested itself electorally as Islamic parties remain a minority in the Indonesian Parliament. National political surveys show the majority voting for a political party based on secular issues such as social welfare, anti-corruption and good governance rather than on religious ones such as adopting syariah laws.
More importantly, there is a national consensus on the paramount need to safeguard the unity of Indonesia. This was the founding compact at the nation's birth - a secular instead of an Islamic state - so as to ensure the unity of Indonesia rather than risk the secession of provinces with Christian and Hindu majorities.
But it would be a mistake to underestimate the influence of Islam on Indonesian politics as the recent Jakarta election showed. The fact that secular political parties such as Golkar have in recent years not just accommodated but championed Islamic agendas and shied away from criticising controversial religious issues underline this.
No political party, however secular, wants to risk being branded as anti-Islam in a nation where close to 90 per cent of the population are Muslims.
The danger then is that in this reticence, intolerance may well take root, as hardline Islamic groups such as the FPI start to dominate the national discourse, thereby corroding the body politic. This is not a problem which will simply go away as the trend points towards greater conservatism in the younger generation.
That President Joko is not just alive to this danger but also willing to "clobber" groups that threaten Indonesia's pluralism - a word he used when saying the government would move against anyone who violates the law when exercising their constitutional rights - is what gives hope for the country's future.
•The writer, a former transport minister, is now executive chairman of APS Asset Management and senior adviser to John Swire & Sons.
Correction note: This article has been edited to correct the name of Golkar party. We are sorry for the error.
EASTON, Pa. - Ross Scheuerman, Lafayette's third all-time leading rusher, has signed a free agent contract with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
"It was a long and stressful day but it all worked out in the end," Scheuerman said of his Saturday draft day experience. "I'm more than happy to be where I'm at. The Steelers' opportunity was the best for me towards the end of the draft and free agency. I couldn't be happier at this point and I'm excited to get out to Pittsburgh next Thursday."
One of the top running backs ever to don the Maroon and White, Scheuerman churned out 3,504 rushing yards and 31 rushing touchdowns in four seasons, marks that place him third and fourth, respectively, at Lafayette. On Nov. 22, 2014, the Creamridge, N.J. native hammered his name into Lafayette football lore forever, entertaining the sold out crowd at Yankee Stadium with a 304-yard, three-touchdown performance in the 150th Meeting of College Football's Most-Played Rivalry. The 45-carry showing garnered him The Sports Network FCS Offensive Player of the Week honors, was the top rushing performance by an FCS player in 2014 and set a Patriot League record for rushing yards in a game.
Scheuerman finished 2014 with 1,191 rushing yards, his second straight season eclipsing the 1000-yard plateau and garnered All-Patriot League First-Team laurels, after three previous selections to the second team and a Patriot League Rookie of the Year naming in 2011. Scheuerman also led the team in receiving with 57 catches for 521 yards and three TD's, ending his career with 129 career grabs for 1,129 yards and eight TD's. He guided the team to a Patriot League championship in his junior season of 2013.
Anthony Bourdain would kill for what my Secret Santa sent me. Everyone takes note... I received a handwritten letter, describing the journey that my gifter went through to gather the appointed goods. What we have here, are 4 exquisite bottles of Kansas City, MO, the best BBQ sauces.
The names remind me of an Anthony Bourdain No Reservations TV show episode from years past. Here in front of you are 4 pints of the good stuff. The bottles are from Zarda, Jack Stack, Gates, and Arthur Bryant. The packaging belies the fact, that 2 of the bottles enclosed are glass, and made it unscathed across the country through the USPS unscathed, Bravo!
I am grateful for the bounty that I am about to enjoy. I plan to use my new found bounty on a couple pounds of pork and chicken, via a BBQ, and a slow-cooker. As another of my favorite TV Chefs Alton Brown says, this will be Good Eats! Thank You!
She has been out and about in New York trying to woo voters in Harlem.
But before hitting the campaign trail, Hillary Clinton's entourage reportedly blocked up traffic on Fifth Avenue as she enjoyed an early morning hair appointment at luxury department store Bergdorf Goodman.
The Democratic presidential candidate had a busy day yesterday attending several events in Harlem before a rally at the Apollo Theater.
Scroll down for video
Clinton arrives at the Make My Cake bakery in Harlem yesterday after having a haircut at the exclusive John Barrett Salon in Bergdorf Goodman
But obviously wanting to look her best, Page Six reported that her four black cars were spotted blocking up traffic outside Bergdorf Goodman, where she visited the exclusive John Barrett Salon on the ninth floor of the store, where a cut and blow-dry costs $600.
It is not known whether she paid for the haircut and if she did, how much but she was reportedly accompanied by her long time aide Huma Abedin.
However, it is not the first time that Mrs Clinton has been spotted visiting the upmarket salon, where her hair is styled by John Barrett himself.
Mrs Clinton meets with Congressman Charles Rangel in the Harlem bakery. It came hours after her entourage blocked up the street outside Bergdorf Goodman
Mrs Clinton has her hair styled by John Barrett himself, who charges $600 for a cut and blow-dry
It is believed she is a regular client of Barrett and uses a side entrance to the department store on 58th Street when visiting the salon, where they close off a elevator bank for her arrival.
As well as charging $600 for a cut and blow-dry, a color treatment on top of that also costs a further $600.
However, later in the day with fresh new locks, Mrs Clinton stopped at a Harlem bakery, Make My Cake, where here she was welcomed by veteran New York congressman Charlie Rangel, who was born and raised in Harlem.
Yesterday evening, Mrs Clinton attended a rally at the Apollo Theatre in Harlem where she criticised Donald Trump
Speaking about Trump's policy on immigration, she said: 'It's cynical, it's wrong, and it goes against everything New York and America stand for'
Then she went on to the Apollo Theater in Harlem an iconic venue in the emergence of jazz, R&B and gospel where greats such as Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holiday and Luther Vandross have performed.
And during her rally she took a swipe at Donald Trump for dividing the country, insulting women and threatening to deport illegal immigrants and ban Muslims.
She told a cheering crowd: 'It's cynical, it's wrong, and it goes against everything New York and America stand for.'
Mrs Clinton has previously been spotted outside the upmarket department store. She is pictured going into Bergdorf Goodman in June last year
Mrs Clinton then turned her attentions to her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, who is a native New Yorker, having been born in Brooklyn, but is now senator for Vermont.
She attacked his leftist agenda and said no one knows more than her the need to address income inequality but hammered home her enormous appeal among African Americans.
Meh...
Some peeps get popped at a meet. Charges go back and forth. Not always candidates for NFL/IPF/USPF/UPA/WWJDPL etc man/woman of the year applies to the majority of folks. Great folks to hang out and drink beer and help out at meets. Good friends to have when moving or need a little vitamin S.
But the lifting sports are dirty. Like most others. As a mainly USAPL lifter i still saw tons of crazy stuff and the means used to cover it up and defeat testing. To the point i preferred to lift elsewhere untested just to lessen the drama. Now in Bodybuilding and Figure that is the crazy train, and it is a commuter line so it runs all day every day.
_________________
"Start slowly, then ease off". Tortuga Golden Striders Running Club, Pensacola 1984.
"But even snake wrestling beats life in the cube, for me at least. In measured doses."-Lex
Chromebooks are a special breed of computers, designed to be extremely simple to use, compact and good enough for basic everyday activities.
But they're mainly created to be as affordable as possible and the Asus Chromebook C200 makes no exception: it starts at $249 (the Chromebook C200MA version, exactly the one we have here for our review).
For that you're getting a neat looking device, fairly light and compact, a decent 11.6-inch screen, better than you'd expect for this kind of money keyboard and trackpad, and a hardware platform that's punchy enough to handle light everyday activities. However, the C200 is powered by a BayTrail Celeron processor and not by a Haswell Celeron platform like most of its rivals, and that makes it somewhat slower and more susceptible to lag and stuttering when pushed, but also dead-silent, cool and long-lasting on each charge.
That's the short version of this Asus Chromebook C200 review. The longer one is below and I'd advise you to keep reading if you consider buying this Asus mini laptop.
Asus Chromebook C200 video review
The specs sheet for the Asus Chromebook C200
Asus Chromebook C200MA
Screen 11.6 inch, 1366 x 768 px resolution, TN, non-touch, glossy Processor Intel BayTrail Celeron N2830 CPU – details Chipset Intel Video HD Graphics Memory 2 GB DDR3 Storage 16 GB SSD Connectivity Wireless AC, Bluetooth 4.0 Ports 1 x USB 2.0 port + 1 x USB 3.0, SD card reader, HDMI 1.4 Baterry 48 Wh Operating system ChromeOS Size 12.0″ x 7.9″ x 0.8″ , 304 x 200 x 20 mm Weight about 1.13 kg (2.5 pounds) Extras 720p camera, stereo speakers, Wi-Di and QuickSync support
Design and exterior
The C200 feels better than I was expecting from a $250 laptop. Matte plastic is used for the entire case, but there's no reason to complain about that. The matte soft texture on the hood feels very nice to touch, although it easily catches smudges, and the Asus and Chrome logos give it a refined look.
The silver, metallic like finishing of the palm-rest is not bad either. The belly is covered by a more rugged type of black plastic and you'll notice that there are no cooling grills here, since this C200 sports a fanless design.
For a laptop in this price range, the C200 definitely feels sturdy built, but its underbelly tends to somewhat creak and flex when grabbing the device firmly in hand. Other from that, there's not much to complain about; this Asus Chromebook is light and compact, with its 0.8 inch body and 2.5 lbs total weight. Not bad.
Aesthetically, the C200 looks fine I'd say, with its Black and Silver case, but it's not really as appealing as some of the other Chromebooks out there, like the Samsung Chromebook 2 or the HP Chromebook 11. That however is highly subjective, you might actually prefer these design lines more.
While we're talking aesthetics, the huge sticker on the palm-rest is definitely ugly and I'd advise peeling it off carefully as soon as possible. That aside, the screen is glossy and framed by a rather thick black bezel, its hinge is big, but solid, and the palm-rest is spacious enough for comfortable daily use, but the sharp front-lip can be somewhat annoying when using this laptop on a desk.
Around the sides, the C200 packs a decent selection of ports, with 2 USB slots (only one is an USB 3.0 though), HDMI 1.4, a card-reader, a charge indicator LED, a Kensington Lock and a SIM Slot for the cellular versions.
Screen
Back to that screen, well, the 11.6-inch HD TN panel on the C200 laptop is decent. It paints natural looking colors, offers good contrast and is fairly bright for most use scenarios, for a TN panel of course. Yes, the content is going to quickly fade away when looking from sides or leaning back the display, but as long as you watch it heads-on, you should be OK.
An IPS panel would have been clearly better (it is however unrealistic to demand one in this price range) and the glairy screen's finishing can become a concern in strong light, but even so, I'd call the C200's display adequate for a device this cheap.
Keyboard and trackpad
The keyboard on the other hand is actually very nice, with better travel and feedback that what you'd expect from a regular ultrabook, for example. There's no back-lighting and the layout will take some time to get used to, especially if you're on a Chromebook for the first time, as some keys are missing from this arrangement. There are no Function keys, no Home, Print-Screen, Insert or Caps-Lock, which have been replaced with standard ChromeOS commands.
However, that I can get used with. What bothers me more than anything else though is the anemic Enter key on this European layout (US layout will probably sport a longer bar Enter) and the Power button placed as the top-right key. Luckily, unlike with Zenbooks which simply go to sleep when hitting the Power Key, this Chromebook only logs off when keeping the key pressed for a whole second. Otherwise it just starts fading towards the Login screen.
The trackpad is not bad either and fairly spacious for an 11 incher. It is a bit stiff and clunky if you want to actually press it for clicks, but as long as you'll settle for taps, you'll be very happy with it. It also supports basic gestures like two finger scrolling or Back and Forward just fine, but I couldn't get Two-Finger zooming to work.
Hardware and everyday use
The hardware is a bit of a toss up here and the one aspect that sets the C200 apart from many of its competitors.
Most 11 inch available Chromebooks run on Intel Haswell Celeron processors. This one runs on an BayTrail Celeron processor, which is dual-core dual-thread CPU clocked higher than a Haswell Celeron, but at the same time not as snappy in everyday use. And that could be problematic if you'll be pushing this laptop. The Intel HD graphics embedded within the BayTrail chip is even slower than the Haswell version, and that's going to be visible when running games. On top of that, the C200 only comes with 2 GB of RAM and there's no word on a 4 GB version right now (the memory is soldered on the MB and cannot be upgraded, nor can the 16 GB internal storage SSD).
To keep things short, as long as you only have a few things running at the same time on this Chromebook, you'll be fine. By a few I mean only several tabs opened. Light multitasking is possible, like watching a Youtube clip in the background while editing text or browsing, or running a movie or music while performing other basic tasks. However, having 10+ tabs or programs opened simultaneously will lead to stuttering and lag, especially if some of them are games or clips. The laptop also feels sluggish when installing new apps, but that shouldn't be much of a problem, as you won't be doing it everyday.
If you're interested in benchmarks, I did run a few on this Chromebook C200 and the results are under what Celeron Haswell laptops score these days. Check them out below (the scores below are the rounded average of the number obtained after running each test 5 times).
Sunspider 1.0.2 – 680 ms;
Sunspider 0.9.1 – 700 ms;
BrowserMark 2.1 – 1873 pts;
Octane 2.0 – 6349 pts;
Peacekeeper – 1324 pts.
Now, software wise, the C200 runs ChromeOS, a simplistic interface built around Google's Chrome browser. You can think of it as Android for laptops: it comes with a few services preinstalled, like Gmail, Maps, Youtube, Drive, etc, and a Store where you can easily find and download new apps. However, most apps run as tabs in Chrome and they are more-or-less links towards their Web-based versions.
That severally cripples a Chromebook when there's no active Internet connection available. Some apps can work offline and will later sync with the servers when you'll get back online, and running videos and music stored internally is possible. But not most games (there are exceptions, like Angry Birds for instance) or other specific apps. Games for instance are rather rudimentary on a Chromebook, as they won't run in Full screen, but as windows in the browser. And they tend to stutter badly on this C200. You will also have a hard time finding how to perform other tasks like editing photos, as the included Photo app is really limited. The same can be said about the Video playing app. MOV or MKV files run smoothly (high-bitrate 1080p clips), but VMW or MTS clips are not even supported and there's just nothing you can do about that.
Anyway, since Chrome OS is built mostly around web-based interfaces and cloud services, most Chromebooks don't offer a lot of storage space. This C200 is no exception and only comes with 16 GB of storage that you can use to save various types of content. You can however turn to an external HDD or SD card though, if needed.
Long story short, for the most basic of activities, ChromeOS will do just fine and the C200, with its lower powered Intel BayTrail hardware, won't slack off. If you want a mini laptop for more serious work though, a Chromebook might not deliver, as it lacks the freedom and the software solutions offered by Windows/Mac devices.
Noise, Heat, Connectivity and others
The BayTrail platform might not be very fast, but it does have a few benefits.
Number one, is fanless, and as a result, the C200 runs dead silent all of the time.
Number two, is efficient, with an only 7.5W TDP, which means that it runs mostly cool and can go for roughly 9 hours of real-life daily use, with Wi-Fi ON and the screen's brightness set to 60%, which is not bad at all. Asus claims you can squeeze more out of the C200's 48 Wh battery, and that's true, when dimming OFF the screen and shutting down the Wi-Fi connection. Running a 720p mkv clip in the same conditions depletes the battery in a little over 6 hours though.
Number three, the BayTrail platform offers support for technologies like Wireless-Display or QuickSync Video, and these might prove useful for some of you.
The C200 also sports good connectivity, with an Intel Dual Band AC 7260 wireless module, Bluetooth 4.0 and integrated cellular modems on some version.
There's also a decent 720p webcam on top and a set of stereo speakers cut on the belly's sides, like on many other Asus laptops, capable of pushing loud and good quality sound, again, for this class.
Price and availability
The Asus Chromebook C200 is already available in shops around the world, starting at $249 for the Wi-Fi only version, also known as the Chromebook C200MA. You might even find it discounted from time to time.
Asus also offers a slightly bigger Chromebook C300 version, with a 13.3-inch screen, more color options and pretty much the same other features as the C200, starting at roughly $250 as well.
Education versions with 4 GB of RAM and 32 GB of storage are available for both the C200 and the C300 series, scheduled to sell for $300 – $330.
Cellular models are also available in both cases and those will cost extra, though I've yet to find them in stores so far.
Wrap-up
Long story short, the Chromebook C200 is quite a capable ChromeOS laptop. It looks fine, it is solid built, it offers a good screen, keyboard and trackpad for this class. It is however motorized by an Intel BayTrail-M hardware platform, and that makes it slower than most of its rivals, but also cooler, quieter and longer lasting. So there are tradeoffs you'll be making with this one.
At the same time, the Chromebook C200 starting at $250 is perhaps a bit too expensive for its own good. In this price-range, every dollar counts, and with Acer or HP selling their units for between $200 and $230 these days, Asus will probably have to lower the C200's price to become more competitive. We'll see.
In the end, the Chromebook C200 could be a solid pick if you want an utterly quiet, long lasting and nicely built 11 inch machine for light everyday activities. However, if you want a faster Chromebook, a thinner and lighter one or just don't want to spend $250 on such a machine, you've got other options out there, as you'll find out from our Chromebook buying guide or from this list of the best Chromebooks of the moment. Or you might want to step up to an ultrabook or other affordable Windows laptops.
Either way, this wraps it up for now for our review. Thanks for sticking by and let me know if there's anything you might want to add or if you have any questions about the Chromebook C200 in the comments section below.
Share this article:
Facebook
Twitter
Version 1.4.12 Update Notes
General Changes
Players will now get up to 1,000 XP for a win in PvP, up from 600 XP. This was done for two reasons. Firstly, we were receiving a lot of feedback from new players that the time taken to reach max level and get into Ranked Play was too long, so we're adjusting the values so it's a faster journey. Secondly, with the size of booster packs being reduced in this patch, the rate at which new players get cards would be much slower if left unadjusted, so we've increased the rate at which they get levels.
Introducing, Penta Packs ! Each Penta Pack will consist of 5 cards, 1 of which is a guaranteed Rare+ card (the other 4 cards can also drop Rare+ but are not guaranteed).
! Each Penta Pack will consist of 5 cards, 1 of which is a guaranteed Rare+ card (the other 4 cards can also drop Rare+ but are not guaranteed). The chances for getting an epic, legendary, or premium card in a Penta Pack has been significantly increased compared to those of the old booster packs.
compared to those of the old booster packs.
There will be a minimum of 10 different kinds of Penta Packs available in the store at all times: the Collection Penta Pack, the Expansion Penta Pack, and 8 different Faction Penta Packs.
We may also introduce or rotate promotional Penta Packs that may, for example, have a better chance of dropping premiums, alt art, etc. These kinds of promotion packs will never be permanent and will change on a regular basis.
The price for the Collection Penta Pack and Expansion Penta Pack will be set at 150 LP or 3000 IPs per pack. The price for each Faction Penta Pack will be set at a higher price of 300 LP and will not be available via IP purchase. Faction Penta Packs cost more because they allow players to draw from a much smaller pool of faction-targeted cards, allowing players to more easily acquire cards to complete a specific deck/combo.
The Daily Reward system has been readjusted to the following:
Day 1: 3 Random Commons or Greater
3 Random Commons or Greater
Day 2: 2 Random Uncommons or Greater
2 Random Uncommons or Greater
Day 3: 1 Random Rare or Greater
1 Random Rare or Greater
Day 4: IP/XP Boost (72 hours)
IP/XP Boost (72 hours)
Day 5: 1 Collection Penta Pack & 1 Random Rare or Greater
1 Collection Penta Pack & 1 Random Rare or Greater The Rift Run Win rewards and Rift Run Leaderboard rewards have both been significantly improved to make Rift Running more attractive for players of all skill levels. Here is a sneak peek of the new leaderboard rewards (Note: all cards, except for Infinity Cards, will be tradable):
Position Rewards 1 3 Infinity Border cards & 3 Gold Rare or Greater cards & 5 Penta Packs 2-5 2 Gold Rare or Greater card & 5 Penta Packs 6-25 1 Gold Rare or Greater card & 5 Penta Packs 26-50 1 Gold Rare or Greater card & 3 Penta Packs
The Rift Run entry cost has been adjusted to 2000 IP or 75 LP to compensate for the revamping of the Rift Run rewards.
The reward table for leveling up has been changed to take into consideration the adjustments we've made to the other reward systems and the introduction of Penta Packs.
Card Changes
Ability cards now require that they be in your hand when they resolve. If the card is not still in your hand when it's the card's time to resolve, it will not resolve. This is actually a reversal of a stance we took earlier (in 1.3.12) and we apologize, but we have discovered that not having this rule in place causes exploitable loopholes in the game. This rule change has several important gameplay ramifications that players should be aware of:
Random discard effects just got weaker. Previously, you could use a random discard effect, then play an ability card. The random discard could choose the ability card you played, discard it, and then your ability would still go off. Additionally, it would be considered discarded for effects like Exile. This exploit is the main reason for the rule change.
Some cards, such as Demonic Presence, would be extremely strong with this rule change. As a result, Demonic Presence's effect has been changed so that it doesn't happen until the end of the turn.
With this change, the “Denial” cycle (Denial of Magic, Denial of Flight etc) would function very differently. Since we like where these cards are, in order to keep the gameplay of these cards relatively the same all these cards now read that they will cause the discard to happen at the end of the turn.
Engine of Reincarnation has been reworked. The previous wording of not creating the tokens until a turn later was a result of old token creation technology, which has improved greatly since then. The updated code is much cleaner and not prone to some of the strange bugs the card previously had. The card now reads “Pay 4: Exhaust: Until the end of the turn, if a Character you control dies, that Character is raised from the graveyard and transformed into a 4/4 Zombie.”
The order of simultaneous effects for Start of Turn and End of Turn is no longer arbitrary. At very high levels of play, the order that card's effects go off can be very important, but previously players had to way to know or control this order. Now cards follow a specific order. For instance, when all End of Turn effects went off, previously the order was completely arbitrary. Now the order is this, in player initiative order: Defense Zone, Assault Zone, Command Zone, Support Zone, Deck, Graveyard, Hand, Removed From Game. Within a zone the order is left to right.
Effects that force you to choose cards to discard (Mindbender, Chalice of Madness, Mind Splinter) now cause those cards to become greyed out in your hand and aren't discarded until the resolution phase, preventing several desync bugs and allowing clean undoing.
Chalice of Madness's effect (and several similar effects, such as Mindbender and Mind Splinter) has been reworked so as to avoid bugs (particularly with Exile). They now read “At the start of each turn, that player must discard a card from their hand. Cards drawn during the turn are not eligible to be discarded.” Previously, this card attempted to have a “start of turn” effect before other “start of turn” effects, causing various bugs.
General Bugs
Deck legality now properly checks against card limits by name at all times, rather than just when adding a card to your deck. Previously, some decks made in older deckbuilders with illegal amounts of cards were passing legality checks if they had multiple cards with the same name, but different keys (ie 3 normal Death Rays and 3 Gold Death Rays).
The deckbuilder now states which card you have too many off if this is the case.
Turn resolution should now happen more smooth, with fewer pauses after a card resolution.
In the Buffs and Debuffs Academy mission, the initiative should be consistent and not display one player when it's actually another.
The AI will now properly discard cards when forced to, rather than just ignoring the effects like dirty cheaters.
Drafting will no longer incorrectly give picks based on your last draft run if you rapidly abandon a run and start a new one.
After purchasing an item in the store, the items in the store will no longer display “Loading Image”.
Implemented new behind the scenes features to alleviate desync issues when one player temporarily disconnects when clicking End Planning.
The chat bar should once again be on the match result screen, so you don't need to frantically type “GG” before the end-game explosion finishes.
If a player loads into the game with no cards for any reason (usually because there was a network issue during the loading screen) then the game will now end for both players with no loss.
Card Bugs
Fixed a bug with Rescue Angel where its ability was triggered at 25 life or less, rather than 15.
Transformation effects will no longer cause the resulting card to “double up” on some effects they have, such as a card transforming into Pack Leader giving all Beasts +6/+6 rather than +3/+3.
Buffs that don't make sense to stack, such as Flying, will no longer do so. Previously the card would display Flying twice. If a new unstackable buff is given to a character that already has that buff, it'll only apply if the new buff would last longer than the old one.
The game will now properly check for state based effects between End of Turn resolutions, which it did not previously, causing some odd interactions. (For instance, Shirazious the Cruel dealing enough damage to a Verorian Hydra to kill it, but because state based effects were not checked between end of turn triggers, the Hydra's own trigger would keep it alive.)
Removed some code that specifically hacked the interaction between Shirazious the Cruel and Verorian Hydra so that it would work consistently. This code could potentially cause problems and has been removed. With the ability to control the order of execution, if you want this combo to work now you'll simply need to ensure that Shirazious is on the left.
The following cards will now properly create tokens with the premium type of the original card:
Jinhai Ambush
Thunder Apprentice
Heaven's Assistance
Scouting Mission
Uncontrolled Rift
Cyber Infested Dragon
Tribble (From the Star Trek set)
Raa (From the Omni set)
Raa's tokens now use demon art, rather than undead art. (Raa is from the Omni set)
Word of Command now properly moves the card to the front of the zone, as the text states. Additionally, the card will now work to move the target to the front of the zone if the targeted card is already in the specified zone.
Playing Primal Rage on a card that's protected from Death innately (such as Paladin of the Flame Dawn) will no longer remove their innate protection if Primal Rage triggers multiple times.
The Overcharge part of ability cards resolution will no longer trigger effects such as Aether Acolyte, causing it to trigger twice from one ability card.
Fixed a bug where Evellee, Mage Guild Recruiter was recruiting for the sacrificed character's cost, rather than its cost + 1.
Updated Luftkrieg XI's text to clarify it deals damage after the attack, rather than before.
When using Overcharge abilities, using a mixture of cards from your opponent's deck and your own deck will no longer cause an error.
Updated Reckless Zealot's text to clarify that the ability triggers whenever it enters the deployed area, not just when you've deployed that card.
Dugg's health uncapping ability now properly only works while in play. (Dugg is from the Omni set)
Fixed one of Undeath Wish's options in-game so it properly says that it targets deployed characters.
Humble now clarifies that it also removes damage, which was already the case.
Eagle Eye now properly has the subtype of Human.
Eagle Eye now properly has the subtype of Human. All “Brutes” (Adaptive Brute, Grotesque Brute, Brute Spawn, Verore Brute) now have the subtype Human Demon. (Previously they were varied between Human, Demon or simply nothing).
Agent Cheryl, Last to Leave now properly only considers characters, and will no longer fail to Ascend if you control Mission or Artifact cards.
Guard now properly states in its text that the effect only lasts until the end of the turn.
Mysterious Box of Wonder now properly states in its text that it only can target deployed characters.
Ancient Aether will now properly trigger before an ability card resolves, rather than after. Thus, ability cards that destroy Ancient Aether will properly still trigger its effect.
Chain Lightning will now no longer deal damage to other cards with the same name as the original target if the ability fizzles due to the original targeting no longer being legal on resolution.
Hey Rift Runners!Welcome to the patch where we continue to strive for more cohesive rules that don't contradict each other! Version 1.4.12 is now! A big thank you to everyone who helped us hunt down bugs on the PBE, opened tons of Penta Packs and provided their feedback, and contributed to the great discussion on the new Rift Run Rewards changes. We've made a lot of tweaks here and there in response to community feedback and we think we've come to a point where we're satisfied enough to take it live. HOWEVER, there's no time for a small break here as we continue to make improvements/fixes to the game at full speed - we've still got a lot of work to do prior to the relaunch!So, without further ado, here are the patch notes:
UPDATE 2018
Cum poți afla dacă CNP-ul tău a votat la referendumul din 2018
UPDATE 2014
Găsiți aici varianta actualizată pentru Cum poți verifica dacă CNP-ul tău a votat la prezidențiale – procedură nouă, formulare revizuite 2014
În ultimele zile tot mai mulți ne-au întrebat dacă există vreo modalitate de a verifica dacă s-a votat sau nu în numele lor la referendumul din 29 iulie.
Există și presupune trimiterea unei cereri la Autoritatea Electorală Permanentă (AEP). În baza Legii 544/2001, a liberului acces la informații, instituția este obligată să vă răspundă în termen de 10 până la maximum 30 de zile, dacă este prea asaltată de solicitări.
Iată care sunt pașii concreți de urmat în acest caz:
Pasul 1: Aflați care este numărul secției de vot la care ar fi trebuit să votați la referendum. Listele cu secțiile de vot, pe localități, pot fi consultate aici.
Pasul 2: Scrieți o cerere după modelul următor:
Către Autoritatea Electorală Permanentă Adresa: Str. Stavropoleos, Nr. 6, Bucureşti, Sector 3, 030084 Fax: 021.310.13.87 Email: office@roaep.ro Subsemnatul …Nume si prenume… , domiciliat în …adresa… , înscris pe listele electorale permanente ca cetățean cu drept de vot arondat, la referendumul din 29 iulie 2012, secției de votare numărul ..numărul secției din localitatea de domiciliu.. , în temeiul Legii nr. 544/2001 privind liberul acces la informaţiile de interes public, Vă solicit să îmi comunicați o copie a tabelului electoral utilizat în secția de votare numărul …numărul secției…, la referendumul din 29 iulie 2012. Precizez ca doresc numai copia filei în care am fost înscris, nu a întregului tabel. Vă rog să anonimizați datele personale ale celorlalte persoane ce figurează pe această filă. Precizez că sunt dispus să suport costul aferent copierii filei. Vă solicit răspuns la …adresă poștală/fax/email… Mulțumesc, Nume și semnătură Data: …data transmiterii cererii…
Download on Scribd Download DOC
Pasul 3: Trimiteți cererea la AEP, pe adresa de email scrisă în modelul de cerere, pe fax sau prin poștă, cum vă e la îndemână. Ar trebui să primiți un răspuns, după cum vă spuneam, în temenul prevăzut de Legea 544, adică 10 zile cu posibilitatea de prelungire până la 30 de zile, dacă răspunsul necesită un volum mare de muncă din partea instituției.
Succes! În caz că din răspunsul primit constatați că altcineva a votat în locul dumneavoastră este recomandat să faceți o plângere penală la care să anexați copia după tabelul care dovedește acest lucru. Vă rugăm să ne scrieți ca să ne spuneți ce răspuns primiți.
On Tuesday evening, we hosted the thirteenth installment of the monthly Science Online NYC (SoNYC) discussion series. This month's event was held in collaboration with the New York Academy of Sciences and the topic for discussion was the science PhD – Does the current PhD system need revamping to better equip researchers to continue in academia or to pursue other careers after graduating?
A recent Washington Post article let the public in on one of science's worst kept secrets: we produce far more PhDs than will ever find faculty positions. Despite this reality, most PhD programs only prepare their students to do research and, in many ways, leave them poorly prepared to be faculty. In this program, we'll look at the programs offered by current PhD programs and consider potential additions that could better prepare students for life outside of the lab — and just might make them better faculty.
Topics discussed:
Managing people and finances.
Communicating to other researchers and the public.
Developing basic IT skills.
Preparing for the event
In anticipation of the discussion, we ran a series of guest posts on Soapbox Science hearing from a variety of contributors about how the current system works, where the gaps are, which additional skills they think PhD courses should incorporate and what their personal experiences have been. You can find a short summary of every guest post, here. Finally, you can also follow the online conversation on Twitter using the #PhDelta hashtag. Join in the discussion and share your thoughts.
This month's panel included:
Elizabeth Bass, a professor of journalism at SUNY Stony Brook, runs their Center for Communicating Science.
Eric Vieira, Assistant Director at the Office of Technology & Business Development of the Mount Sinai Medical Center, has worked for more than 15 years in in the biomedical industry.
Monica Kerr is the Director of the NYAS' Science Alliance, which focuses on career development for students and post-docs.
Kira Anthony is a former cancer researcher and bioinformatician who will talk about existing PhD programs.
Christopher Mason is a professor of computational biomedicine at Cornell Medical College.
Blog posts about the 13th #sonyc
Do let us know if you blog about the event and we'll include a round-up of links here.
Live-streaming and video archiving
We live-stream each SoNYC event to give as many people as possible the chance to take part in the debate. Check out this month's livestream, or take a look at our archives where you can view the previous meetings.
Finding out more
Stay tuned and/or watch the #sonyc hashtag for more details about the next event which will be held mid-September.
If you have a suggestion for a future panel or would be interested in sponsoring one of the events, please get in touch.
Storify from the event
Actress Zoe Saldana says the election of Donald Trump taught her that sexism is a more “aggressive” problem than racism in America.
“There was a realization that I just had in this last election is that, that America is racist — of course, there's racism everywhere, I'm not saying that there isn't — but I think that sexism is much stronger and it's much more aggressive,” the Guardians of the Galaxy star said in an interview Thursday on SiriusXM's “Sway in the Morning.”
Saldana conceded that there are women in various leadership positions today, but argued that “CEOs are primarily males” and “art is primarily male-driven.”
“I found it really offensive that Hillary Clinton was just questioned in a way that ‘let's just question your incompetence because you couldn't even like handle your [private email] server,'” the actress said, using the recent presidential election as an example.
“I'm just like, ‘People, she's up against a man that calls women pigs on national television and she's incompetent?'” Saldana continued. “There's a big problem here and we have to address this pink elephant in the room. And it has to do with sexism in America.”
Saldana, who has landed leading roles in such blockbuster films as Avatar and Star Trek, insists that racism isn't always the reason why minorities face obstacles, particularly in the film industry.
“I'm not troubled by the way I look,” Saldana, a Latina who has Haitian roots, said. “Maybe I didn't get that part because I didn't deserve it. There are other factors besides people always coming after you.”
In January, the actress told AFP that Trump won the election because Clinton-supporting celebrities “got cocky.”
“We got cocky and became arrogant and we also became bullies,” she said. “We were trying to single out a man for all these things he was doing wrong … and that created empathy in a big group of people in America that felt bad for him and that are believing in his promises.”
Saldana's latest film, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, hits theaters Friday, May 5.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.
CUPERTINO (The Borowitz Report) - In what it hopes will be a blockbuster addition to its trove of popular iPhone applications, Apple announced today that it was introducing a new app that can translate the utterances of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin into English.
The application, called the iPal, is available for downloading today, the company confirmed.
According to Apple, a user of the iPal app can hold his iPhone up to a television when Ms. Palin is appearing and receive a real-time English translation in text form.
Carol Foyler, 34, an early adopter of the iPal app, said that the application is not without its glitches, however.
"I tried to use it last night during a replay of her resignation speech," she said. "When she got to the part about being a good point guard my phone exploded." More here.
A man watches a TV news program reporting about North Korea's missile firing with a file footage, at Seoul Train Station in Seoul, South Korea, Saturday, April 29, 2017. A North Korean mid-range ballistic missile apparently failed shortly after launch Saturday, South Korea and the United States said, the second such test-fire flop in recent weeks but a clear message of defiance as a U.S. supercarrier conducts drills in nearby waters. The letters on top left, reading "North Korea fired a ballistic missile." (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — A North Korean mid-range ballistic missile apparently failed shortly after launch Saturday, South Korea and the United States said, the third test-fire flop just this month but a clear message of defiance as a U.S. supercarrier conducts drills in nearby waters.
North Korean ballistic missile tests are banned by the United Nations because they're seen as part of the North's push for a nuclear-tipped missile that can hit the U.S. mainland. The latest test came as U.S. officials pivoted from a hard line to diplomacy at the U.N. in an effort to address what may be Washington's most pressing foreign policy challenge.
President Donald Trump said on Twitter, “North Korea disrespected the wishes of China & its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!” He did not answer reporters' questions about the missile launch upon returning to the White House from a day trip to Atlanta.
North Korea didn't immediately comment on the launch, though its state media on Saturday reiterated the country's goal of being able to strike the continental U.S.
The timing of the North's test was striking: Only hours earlier the U.N. Security Council held a ministerial meeting on Pyongyang's escalating weapons program. North Korean officials boycotted the meeting, which was chaired by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement that the missile flew for several minutes and reached a maximum height of 71 kilometers (44 miles) before it apparently failed.
It didn't immediately provide an estimate on how far the missile flew, but a U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive matters, said it was likely a medium-range KN-17 ballistic missile. It broke up a few minutes after the launch.
Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, speaking after a meeting of Japan's National Security Council, said the missile is believed to have traveled about 50 kilometers (30 miles) and fallen on an inland part of North Korea.
Analysts say the KN-17 is a new Scud-type missile developed by North Korea. The North fired the same type of missile April 16, just a day after a massive military parade where it showed off its expanding missile arsenal, but U.S. officials called that launch a failure.
Some analysts say a missile the North test fired April 5, which U.S. officials identified as a Scud variant, also might have been a KN-17. U.S. officials said that missile spun out of control and crashed into the sea.
Moon Seong Mook, a South Korean analyst and former military official, says that the North would gain valuable knowledge even from failed launches as it continues to improve its technologies for missiles. The South Korean and Japanese assessments about Saturday's launch indicate that the North fired the missile from a higher-than-normal angle to prevent it from flying too far, he said.
“They could be testing a variety of things, such as the thrust of the rocket engine or the separation of stages,” Moon said. “A failure is a failure, but that doesn't mean the launch was meaningless.”
The two earlier launches were conducted from an eastern coastal area, but the missile Saturday was fired in the west, from an area near Pukchang, just north of the capital, Pyongyang.
South Korea's Foreign Ministry denounced the launch as an “obvious” violation of United Nations resolutions and the latest display of North Korea's “belligerence and recklessness.”
“We sternly warn that the North Korean government will continue to face a variety of strong punitive measures issued by the U.N. Security Council and others if it continues to reject denuclearization and play with fire in front of the world,” the ministry said.
The North routinely test-fires a variety of ballistic missiles, despite U.N. prohibitions, as part of its weapons development. While shorter-range missiles are somewhat routine, there is strong outside worry about each longer-range North Korean ballistic test.
Saturday's launch comes at a point of particularly high tension. Trump has sent a nuclear-powered submarine and the USS Carl Vinson aircraft supercarrier to Korean waters, and North Korea this week conducted large-scale, live-fire exercises on its eastern coast. The U.S. and South Korea also started installing a missile defense system that is supposed to be partially operational within days.
On Friday, the United States and China offered starkly different strategies for addressing North Korea's escalating nuclear threat as Tillerson demanded full enforcement of economic sanctions on Pyongyang and urged new penalties. Stepping back from suggestions of U.S. military action, he even offered aid to North Korea if it ends its nuclear weapons program.
The range of Tillerson's suggestions, which over a span of 24 hours also included restarting negotiations, reflected America's failure to halt North Korea's nuclear advances despite decades of U.S.-led sanctions, military threats and stop-and-go rounds of diplomatic engagement. As the North approaches the capability to hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile, the Trump administration feels it is running out of time.
Chairing a ministerial meeting of the U.N. Security Council on Friday, Tillerson declared that “failing to act now on the most pressing security issue in the world may bring catastrophic consequences.”
His ideas included a ban on North Korean coal imports and preventing its overseas guest laborers, a critical source of government revenue, from sending money home. And he warned of unilateral U.S. moves against international firms conducting banned business with Pyongyang's nuclear and missile programs, which could ensnare banks in China, the North's primary trade partner.
Yet illustrating the international gulf over how best to tackle North Korea, several foreign ministers on the 15-member council expressed fears of a conflict on the Korean Peninsula, which was divided between the American-backed South and communist North even before the 1950-53 Korean War. The conflict ended with no formal peace treaty. And while danger always has lurked, tensions have escalated dramatically as the North's young leader, Kim Jong-un, has expanded a nuclear arsenal his government says is needed to avert a U.S. invasion.
No voice at Friday's session was more important than that of China, a conduit for 90 percent of North Korea's commerce and a country Trump is pinning hopes on for a peaceful resolution to the nuclear crisis. Trump, who recently hosted President Xi Jinping for a Florida summit, has sometimes praised the Chinese leader for a newfound cooperation to crack down on North Korea and sometimes threatened a go-it-alone U.S. approach if Xi fails to deliver.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi said China would adhere to past U.N. resolutions and wants a denuclearized peninsula. But he spelled out no further punitive steps his government might consider, despite Tillerson's assertions in an interview hour ahead of the council meeting that Beijing would impose sanctions of its own if North Korea conducts another nuclear test.
Wang put forward a familiar Chinese idea to ease tensions: North Korea suspending its nuclear and missile activities if the U.S. and South Korea stop military exercises in the region. Washington and Seoul reject the idea.
Tillerson said the U.S. does not seek regime change in North Korea, and he signaled American openness to holding direct negotiations with Pyongyang. The U.S. also could resume aid to North Korea once it “begins to dismantle its nuclear weapons and missile technology programs,” he said. Since 1995, he added, Washington has provided more than $1.3 billion to the impoverished country.
But the prospects for any more U.S. money going there appeared bleak. Even negotiations don't seem likely.
Tillerson said the North must take “concrete steps” to reduce its weapons threat before talks could occur. Six-nation nuclear negotiations with North Korea stalled in 2009. The Obama administration sought to resurrect them in 2012, but a deal to provide food aid in exchange for a nuclear freeze soon collapsed.
“In a nutshell, (North Korea) has already declared not to attend any type of talks which would discuss its nuclear abandonment, nuclear disbandment,” Kim In Ryong, North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador, told The Associated Press. His government declined to attend Friday's council meeting.
___
AP writers Matthew Pennington and Lolita C. Baldor in Washington and Edith Lederer at the United Nations contributed to this story.
As I continue to get ready for my own venture into 11ac, I came across some pretty fascinating information about 5 GHz. I've been brushing up on how the state of 5 GHz spectrum applies to the Wi-Fi realm now, and what People of Lofty Title are wrestling with regarding future use of this slice of frequencies. Standby, because I'm going to dazzle you with some pretty darn macho terminology. (As a bonus, I shall invoke the name of Matthew Gast thricely in the following paragraph.)
But first, let's set the stage.
WLAN designers and admins (hopefully) know about subjects like DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) and TPC (Transmit Power Control) and how they relate to weather radar in 5 GHz (cue the Matthew Gast music there, Part I). Also, hopefully we are all familiar with the last announcement about the WLAN world possibly being gifted with a fat swath of additional 5 GHz frequencies for the greater wireless good, made by ex-FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski (cue the Mathew Gast music again, Part II and Part III). It's all great stuff, very relevant, and is techno-fodder that you should care about given the channel-hungriness of 802.11ac. But that's not why we're gathered here on this page.
As I was poking around, I came across this rather dry (at first glance) looking document by the Department of Commerce. It gets deeper into the many challenges of sharing more of the unlicensed 5 GHz goodness with WLANers while also protecting the interests of the licensed/federal/important users that also happen to be in this spectrum. And here's where it gets interesting. Sure, weather radar is important- but the list of other users in 5 GHz is a veritable Who's Who of cool stuff.
In all fairness to those of you who don't know- I spent 10 years in the US Air Force in the Electronic Warfare career field, and maybe that's why this sort of detail jazzes me (yes, some of what I did back in the day is on this list). Feast your eyes on the other occupants that live on 5 GHz Street, as noted in the unclassified Dept. of Commerce document:
Highly mobile ground-based, shipborne, and airborne radar systems
Range and tracking radars at DoD test and training ranges (get to know the C-Band)
DoD comms systems
Naval tactical radars like surface search, navigation, and fire control
A bunch of stuff on Coast Guard cutters used in law enforcement, search and rescue, etc
NASA- test and launch instrumentation, tracking of rockets, missiles and satellites
NOAA's Hurricane Hunters have systems in 5 GHz
A whole range of operational goodies dealing with Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) like data links, video targeting
Spaceborn Synthetic Aperture Radars, including Canada's RADARSAT (fascinating if you don't know about this one)
Electronic Warfare systems
Lots more…
Some of these are site-specific and one-of-a-kind. Others are widespread, mobile, and out of the public eye. But they all use 5 GHz (albeit different discreet bandwidths within 5 GHz), so it's amazing that the WLAN community has been able to come this far in the U-NII bands at all. It's even more amazing that we're likely to get more freqs made available, knowing who also uses it.
The Commerce Doc is really a great read if this stuff interests you, and I recommend it. If the specifics are too heavy for you, just go back through my abbreviated list here and apply “oohs” and “aahs” as you see fit.
(Note- the Doc projects completion of the co-existance studies later in 2014… let's see what happens.)
The stench of dictatorship
1 October 2010
The raids carried out by the FBI against antiwar activists last week are an ominous warning to the entire working class. The police-state tactics show the extent to which basic democratic rights—including the right to free speech and political association—have been undermined in the US.
The Obama administration ordered the invasion of the homes of several individuals—primarily members of the Freedom Road Socialist Organization (FRSO)—and the seizure of documents, computers, cell phones, cameras and other personal and political material. Those targeted have been summoned to appear before a grand jury on October 12 and may face criminal prosecution for “material support” for terrorism.
What is the rationale for these actions? There are vague and unsubstantiated allegations of visits to groups that the US government officially designates as “terrorist.” These designations are entirely guided by the requirements at any given time of US foreign policy—that is, organizations are deemed to be “terrorist” depending on whether they are supporting or opposing US interests in the Middle East, Latin America or other parts of the globe.
Under attack is not simply one organization. The government and its array of military-police agencies aim to expand the criminalization of dissent in the United States.
The move by the FBI and the Obama administration is intended as a trial balloon. They seek to create a precedent as well as gauge the reaction from the public and from the media. On the last score, the administration is no doubt pleased with the response: near-universal silence. The newspapers have buried the story, and the television news has not covered it. The New York Times, the voice of the liberal establishment, printed a small article on its inside pages.
The supposedly “left” press has also remained silent. The Nation magazine has yet to produce an article or comment on its web site. This reaction is no accident. The Nation and the coterie of pro-Democratic Party organizations around it support the Obama administration and its policies—including the expansion of war, the attack on the working class, and the further dismantling of democratic rights in the United States. Their main aim is to prevent any exposure of the real character of the government.
On every front, Obama has continued the policy of Bush in expanding the power of the state to spy, imprison, torture and assassinate its opponents. The police raids came at the same time as revelations that the administration is seeking to extend government spying to include Facebook, Skype and BlackBerry communications. It has repeatedly invoked the “state secrets” doctrine to block court cases on rendition, torture and warrantless wiretapping.
The administration has asserted the right of the government to assassinate anyone, including US citizens, on sole authority of the president. It has extended the Patriot Act and other anti-democratic legislation passed under Bush. And the administration is in the middle of global campaign of smears and intimidation targeting Wikileaks for its role in exposing the criminality of US wars abroad.
The dismantling of American democracy is connected to two interrelated processes. First, the expanding US-led wars bring it into ever more direct conflict with the world's population. The use of torture, the establishment of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp and other anti-democratic measures are ultimately an outcome of these criminal wars. The same tactics will increasingly be used against opposition within the United States.
Obama is now leading a bloody offensive in Afghanistan and Pakistan and is ratcheting up tensions with China, Iran and other powers, threatening a global conflagration. It is standard procedure for any imperialist power to seek to criminalize opposition to its interests with the label of “terrorism.” If the term has any objective meaning, however, it must certainly apply to methods of the US government itself, including drone attacks launched against helpless civilian populations in the far reaches of the world, controlled by CIA officials in air-conditioned offices in the US.
Second, the breakdown of American democracy is inextricably linked to the growing social crisis in the United States itself. Inequality in the US is at record heights. The financial aristocracy has exploited a crisis of its own making to vastly enrich itself. It is now demanding that the bill be paid by the working class in the form of wage cuts, mass unemployment and austerity.
As the Socialist Equality Party notes in its program, The Breakdown of Capitalism and the Struggle for Socialism in the United States, “The growth of social inequality is incompatible with democracy. The new aristocracy brings with it the aristocratic principle of government, in which the state functions ever more openly as an instrument of class rule.”
The ruling class knows very well that its policies will encounter resistance from the people. Determined to maintain and increase its ill-gotten wealth at whatever cost, it will resort to ever more open forms of political repression.
While the Socialist Equality Party has many fundamental political differences with the Maoist and nationalist politics of the FRSO and similar groups, it unreservedly defends their democratic rights. We demand an immediate halt to the investigation and the campaign of fear and intimidation launched by the US government.
War, inequality, and attacks on democratic rights are all products of the capitalist system, which is maintained through the political and economic dictatorship of the banks and giant corporations. The fight to defend these rights, therefore, is bound up with the independent political mobilization of the working class on the basis of a socialist program. The SEP urges all those who want to carry out such a fight to study its program and make the decision to join the Socialist Equality Party.
Joseph Kishore
Joseph Kishore
Yeah, I know what's coming!
Why? Just because!
And how did it go? I've almost cracked it!
Here's the story: I was looking at some images on Janinesribbles instagram account and loved not only the way she called her customised creations ‘Frankenpens' but she got some good lines too, so I thought I'd have a go and call mine ‘Frankenflex'. Now, there are several videos out there on this very subject of pen customisation for the Zebra G, most of which involve shaving the feed component down to accommodate the shape of the nib! I did this with an Ahab and it worked okay, but not for long. I then took apart my Desiderata and had a look at the feed component within. What I immediately noticed was the depth and size of the feed channel, the zebra G needs ink! So no more feed shaving! Take note!
So what I did was take another Ahab, gave it a good clean and extracted the feed and nib from the body. Taking a new degreased Zebra G nib I put the back of the nib between a pair of pliers and gently applied some pressure flattening it a little. I then placed this onto the feed to see if it fitted correctly. I repeated this process 3 times until it did. Now, a zebra G flex nib is slightly thicker than a Noodler's flex nib so how to get it back into the body? All the ink chemists and pen engineers know exactly what I did don't you? Yup, I put the kettle on, and once boiled poured hot water over the main body chamber. This process expanded and softened the plastic allowing me to push the feed component, with Zebra G nib, into the body. After a little jiggling to line up the nib accordingly, I waited for the plastic to cool. Then filled up the pen and BINGO! I had a great time. The pen behaved superbly with great flow, great line thickness variation and provided I didn't get too speedy, limited railroading. Overnight of course the ink dried a little and the next time I used it I had to dip it into the ink bottle to kick-start the action, which is no different to the experience I have had with the Ahab in any case. I now know the issue and now do you. When I get the time, I'll deepen the feed channel and I think I'll be there.
So why an Ahab? Well I have 6 of them so why not? But that's not the real reason, the Ahab is already set up to be nib customised, but importantly, it's a comfortable pen and far more comfortable that using a dip pen AND provided you get the position between the nib and feed correct, the fins work by sucking up the ink via capillary action into the feed channel so where previously I might have got 4-6 words written from a single dip, I can now get 18-20! The feed acts as reservoir and it's far more efficient than a clip on. Now I can use it fully charged for larger projects OR purely as a dip pen for ink testing! And it's easy to clean too.
So there we have it. As soon as my titanium Zebras arrive I'll be customising my other 4 Ahabs to Frankenflexes too.
Please Note:
“I have friends that swear the Jinhaos (450 and 159) are made for this modification. Nothing to do to the feed, just replace nib and go.” Extremely AWESOME !!! Toronto
You can get spare feed components from Noodler's stockists! Just saying. N
USA Basketball is undefeated after Olympic pool play, but the criticism is gaining steam. Despite missing top stars like Steph Curry and LeBron James, USA Basketball brought a loaded roster to Rio. The team has struggled the past three games and enters the knockout round off two straight three-point wins.
TNT analyst and Hall of Famer Charles Barkley was part of the 1992 “Dream Team,” and he's been disappointed with what he's seen from the 2016 edition of Team USA.
Barkley joined Sports360AZ.com's Brad Cesmat for an interview Tuesday, and he said that Team USA's struggles are rooted with the very makeup of the roster.
He said:
“Well, I hope they win gold. I want always us to win the gold medal. It's not a good team to put together. I don't think they did a good job because if you watch all those guys — they're all good players, don't get me wrong — they all need the ball. “If you take away DeAndre Jordan, every guy on that team is a ball-dominant guy. You see them playing a lot of one-on-one basketball. That's the thing I've noticed more than anything. Like, you have to understand when you put a team together like that, you have to have some role players. … But you take a guy like Kyle Lowry, who is a hell of a player, he wants to score. Kyrie wants to score. Kevin wants to score. DeRozan wants to score. So, I think they have been really stagnant offensively. “When they put that team together in the future, they have to realize we can't have just really, really great offensive players. They gotta to have players that if they don't get a shot, they're not just gonna stand around and mope.”
USA Basketball opens the knockout round against Argentina on Wednesday. You can listen to the full interview with Barkley here.
Heroes you can grow with
Several years ago I set out on a journey... My goal was to create a line of action figures based on the heroes of my adult life; people like Albert Einstein and Nikola Tesla, whose lives inspire me to this very day.
The idea was simple enough. What would happen if we introduced kids to these characters - and the ideas they represent - early on in life? We all know that kids emulate the characters they adore, so what if we expose them to the people who symbolize our highest ideals?
It won't turn them into geniuses overnight but hopefully it will open the door for us to introduce young kids to amazing concepts like Gandhi's non-violence, Einstein's creative genius, Freud's introspection, Tesla's boundless determination and Warhol's self-expression.
The big trick? They had to be fun! They had to be just as cool and colorful and lovable as all the other toys on the shelf, so that kids would gravitate towards them all by themselves.
I spent over two years sculpting the characters and learning all the ins-and-outs of toy making to get everything "just right". The Little Giants are the result of that journey...
Meet the Little Giants
Albert Einstein
Sigmund Freud
Mahatma Gandhi
Toys are just the beginning
Here's the good news... We've already produced a small run of Little Giants. Hopefully it's enough to meet all the demand from this campaign in time for Christmas, in fact.
We're taking this project to Kickstarter because we want to expand the Little Giants universe! The funds from this campaign will go to helping us bring more characters into the line. The first thing on our to-do list is to bring in some women!
Like any other toy brand, if we really want to reach the hearts and minds of children, we'll need to expand into other media.
If we're successful here we plan to begin development on new Little Giants projects like illustrated books, games, and - who knows? - maybe even a kids TV show...
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Now, about those toys...
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some Statistical Analysis...
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Have I seen you before?
If the Little Giants look familiar to you, it's because they were on the market once before. They started as a small project in 2006 and eventually grew into a line of 20+ characters. They developed a great niche following, but it turns out that maintaining a niche brand in a mass-market world is tricky business indeed.
Mass production is generally driven by high volumes, which is great if you are Hasbro and/or Target -- but not so easy when you're selling Little Teslas through mom-and-pop shops and trying to keep the retail price under $10. And eventually, and with heavy hearts, we were forced to shut down production, in 2012, due to rising manufacturing costs.
Little Giants in 2010
In the years since, we've always promised fans that we'd try to bring the line back. We needed two things to make it viable -a quality factory that was willing to produce small runs and a way to reach our niche audience - because the fact is the most retail stores still prefer superheroes to real-life heroes.
After much searching, we finally found the perfect factory this year! So we chose our five most popular characters for a test run. We redesigned the logo and the packaging - cause, hey, it's not 2010 anymore - and what you see up at the top of this page is what we got!
Now we're turning to Kickstarter, for the second ingredient... we needed a way to reach out directly to our audience and, luckily for all of us, Kickstarter has come along and made that possible in a way we never could have imagined just a few years ago.
So this is it! Our last, the best chance to prove that real-life heroes can survive as toys in a pop-culture world.
The idea now is to use this test run of five characters to fund a follow-up run, where we can redesign and relaunch the next wave of characters. Hopefully, we can get enough traction to bring back the whole original line of Little Giants and even start adding new ones.
It's been a long winding road and we're grateful to be back at this point. To those of you who were there at the beginning - thank you for sticking around. And to those who are finding us for the first time - we can't do it without you.
And to all of you, thanks for believing that scientists, artists, writers, revolutionaries and intellectuals can be fun!
The City Council will get a report from city staffers on Monday, Dec. 18, detailing research about allowing commercial cannabis distribution facilities in La Habra, potentially paving the way for an ordinance to go before the Planning Commission early next year.
In October, the council placed a moratorium on recreational- and medical-marijuana businesses in town, but asked staff to look into permitting warehouse and distribution businesses, testing and quality-assurance labs, and delivery services.
They have also asked staff to look into what medical marijuana dispensaries entail.
Staff members have prepared a sample ordinance for the council, recommending it cap the number of distribution facilities in La Habra at two.
In March, city staffers expect to have reports ready on having testing facilities, and in June on medical-marijuana dispensaries.
If the council wants to proceed with allowing distribution facilities, a Planning Commission hearing could be held in January and council hearings in February.
In November, California voters legalized recreational marijuana – pot for medicinal purposes had been allowed for years.
The new state law allows the use or possession of up to an ounce of pot by people 21 years of age and older.
In January, the state is expected to issue its first licenses for marijuana businesses. But first, cities can set their own regulations; most Orange County cities have placed moratoriums or straight-out bans on marijuana businesses.
Santa Ana voters in 2014 supported permitting up to 20 medical marijuana dispensaries in that city and city officials have said they plan to extend laws to include recreational sales. Costa Mesa is the only Orange County city to allow manufacturing and testing of medical marijuana products.
The US Chamber of Commerce is suing the city of Seattle over a law that allows Uber and Lyft drivers to unionize. The Chamber, a pro-business and anti-labor American lobbying group, is wading into the growing debate over the rights and classification of ride-hailing workers, and it's using federal antitrust laws to try and protect the apps from local regulations. The group fears Seattle's ordinance may inspire other "disparate regulatory regimes" that may "inhibit the free flow of commerce among private service providers around the Nation," according to the lawsuit.
Seattle became the first city in the country last year to pass a law granting Uber and Lyft drivers the right to collectively bargain. That means drivers can negotiate how much money they can make from fares and tips, and gives them more power when dealing with the services' five-star ratings systems. Uber and Lyft opposed the measure, as it could be costly to their businesses if drivers were able to set fare limits and prevent the companies from using their ratings systems to ban drivers. Uber has even gone so far as to use its customer service reps to call up drivers in Seattle and read off anti-union scripts to convince them not to use the ordinance, according to a report last month from Quartz.
The Chamber fears unionization could "inhibit the free flow of commerce"
Seattle officials said the city would be willing to fight. "We have millions of dollars set aside," Seattle Councilman Mike O'Brien told Reuters in December. In its lawsuit, The Chamber is hoping to establish a preventative measure that would keep Seattle from ruling on the employment status of drivers until the National Labor Relations Board makes a decision on four cases involving Uber drivers around the country. Those lawsuits center on whether ride-hailing drivers are employees or contractors and could have a significant impact on the business models of Uber and Lyft in the US.
In the roughly two days since Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein called for a recount in three key battleground states, she's met her fund-raising goal — twice — having raised over $4.5 million and counting.
“Another people-powered win!” wrote Stein in an announcement on her Facebook page late Thursday night. “Congratulations on meeting the recount costs for both Wisconsin and Pennsylvania! We are now focusing on raising the needed funds for Michigan's recount (due Wednesday).”
It was 3:04 p.m. Wednesday when Stein and her campaign manager, David Cobb, announced on her Facebook page that she was seeking donations in order to file for recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania.
Advertisement
Initially seeking the $2.2 million needed for the states' filing fees, Stein hit her first goal by about 1:30 a.m. Thursday. She then upped her goal to $4.5 million — meeting it by about 11 that night.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Stein says on her website that the overall costs for recounts in all three states will be roughly $7 million — her next goal.
“With your help, we are raising money to demand recounts in these three states where the data suggests a significant need to verify machine-counted vote totals,” read a statement about the recount on Stein's website.
Stating that the recount effort “is not intended to help Hillary Clinton,” Stein's website claims that “[e]lection integrity experts” had raised concerns about “statistical anomalies” in those three states.
Stein's efforts for a recount come at a time when activists have launched different initiatives in efforts to try to keep President-elect Donald Trump out of the White House.
Advertisement
A Change.org petition asking the Electoral College to vote for Clinton on Dec. 19 has amassed over 4 million supporters, and a recently published New York magazine article reported that activists had claimed to have found data — but no proof — showing that results may have been “manipulated or hacked” in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania — three states where Clinton lost by just a narrow margin.
However, one of the computer scientists, J. Alex Halderman, a computer science professor from the University of Michigan, said in a blog post Wednesday morning that the magazine's article was inaccurate.
“Were this year's deviations from pre-election polls the results of a cyberattack? Probably not. I believe the most likely explanation is that the polls were systematically wrong, rather than that the election was hacked,” Halderman wrote.
And while Trump won the Electoral College, thereby winning the Oval Office, Clinton leads him in the popular vote by more than 2 million, according to Politico.
Stein, a Lexington, Mass., doctor who finished fourth in the race with about 1 percent of the vote, raised $3.5 million for her campaign during the election season, according to OpenSecrets.org.
Matt Rocheleau of the Globe staff contributed to this report. Aimee Ortiz can be reached at aimee.ortiz@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @aimee_ortiz
Today, U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Robert McDowell will testify to Congress in a joint U.S. House subcommittee hearing on international Internet governance, that the free and open Internet is under attack — and inaction is not an option.
The FCC Commissioner ominously warned Congress that what happened at WCIT-12 "ended the era of an international consensus to keep inter-governmental hands off of the Internet in dramatic fashion."
The WCIT-12 summit was where the U.N.'s telecommunications arm, the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), facilitated changes to a global telecommunications treaty. The U.N. debacle prompted a widespread online outrage, an unprecedented unanimous U.S. House of Representatives vote in opposition , and a collective refusal from 55 member states to sign the ITU's treaty.
But according to McDowell's testimony, serious damage has still been done to the free and open Internet as a result.
"The bottom line," McDowell said, "is 89 countries have given the ITU jurisdiction over the Internet's operations and content."
McDowell stated in no uncertain terms that the U.S. must take action to stop the U.N. agency from gaining further governance power over the Internet as it intends to do at the ITU's upcoming 2014 plenipotentiary meeting. He says that, "Internet freedom's foes around the globe are working hard to exploit a treaty negotiation that dwarfs the importance of the WCIT by orders of magnitude."
In a rarely seen show of harshly-written rhetoric, McDowell will also demonstrate that the U.N.'s harmful designs on the Internet are at least a decade old, and its agenda is comprised almost entirely of lies and deceit.
McDowell's astonishingly blunt statements (prepared and published in "Fighting for Internet Freedom: Dubai and Beyond") outlined the ITU's frighteningly successful agenda to take control of the Internet by redefining telecommunications treaties in direct benefit to ITU bedfellows not limited to China, Russia, Iran, and Saudi Arabia.
WCIT-12 set stage to dismantle Internet freedom
Today's "Fighting for Internet Freedom" hearing and webcast will be held jointly with the Committee on Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, along with the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations.
After representative testimony from witnesses such as the FCC, U.S. Department of State, and the Internet Society, the subcommittees are to consider legislation to affirm that it is the policy of the United States to promote a global Internet free from government control.
'U.S. opposition is not enough'
McDowell praised the U.S. decision not to sign onto ITU's WCIT-12 Dubai treaty changes at the December summit, but plainly said that this is not enough—especially, he said, with what the ITU has planned next.
But McDowell testified that anyone—including Congress—who thinks the U.S. dissent by refusing to sign the WCIT-12 treaty stopped the ITU from attaining dangerous Internet governance powers is being misled:
Although the U.S. was ultimately joined by 54 other countries in opposition to the new treaty language, that figure is misleading. As a result of an 89-55 vote, the ITU now has unprecedented authority over the economics and content of key aspects of the Internet. Specifically, the explicit terms of the new treaty language give the ITU policing powers over “SPAM,” and attempt to legitimize under international law foreign government inspections of the content of Internet communications to assess whether they should be censored by governments under flimsy pretexts such as network congestion. More broadly, pro-regulation forces succeeded in upending decades of consensus on the meaning of crucial treaty definitions that were universally understood to insulate Internet service providers, as well as Internet content and application providers, from intergovernmental control by changing the treaty's definitions. If these regulatory expansionists are willing to conjure ITU authority where clearly none existed, their control-hungry imaginations will see no limits to the ITU's authority over the Internet's affairs under the new treaty language. Their appetite for regulatory expansionism is insatiable.
"In sum," he said, "the dramatic encroachments on Internet freedom secured in Dubai will serve as a stepping stone to more international regulation of the Internet in the very near future."
McDowell was in Dubai in December for the WCIT-12 treaty conference. The debacle led to an online outrage as the U.N.'s ITU deceived member states and ordinary citizens alike in its bid to attempt an Internet governance coup.
ITU Plenipotentiary 2014: The ITU must be stopped
McDowell refers to the ITU's upcoming 2014 plenipotentiary meeting, where he says: "Internet freedom's foes around the globe are working hard to exploit a treaty negotiation that dwarfs the importance of the WCIT by orders of magnitude. In 2014, the ITU will conduct what is literally a constitutional convention [that] will define the ITU's mission for years to come."
The 2014 ITU Plenipotentiary Conference ("PP-14") will be held in Busan, South Korea on October 20—November 7 next year.
In his testimony, McDowell bluntly told the joint House subcommittee that the results of plans being made by the ITU to secure Internet governance at this very moment for the 2014 plenipot, "will be devastating even if the United States does not ratify these toxic new treaties." McDowell explained:
We must waste no time fighting to prevent further governmental expansion into the Internet's affairs at the upcoming ITU Plenipotentiary in 2014. Time is of the essence. While we debate what to do next, Internet freedom's foes around the globe are working hard to exploit a treaty negotiation that dwarfs the importance of the WCIT by orders of magnitude. In 2014, the ITU will conduct what is literally a constitutional convention, called a "plenipotentiary" meeting, which will define the ITU's mission for years to come.
This month the ITU readies to hammer out Internet governance plans at the World Telecommunication Information and Communication Technology Policy Forum meetings in February and May 2013 prep for PP-14.
On January 11, 2013, ITU's Secretary-General Hamadoun Toure released the fourth and final ITU/WTPF-13 report outlining groundwork for Internet governance—and internet regulatory topics— at the February 6-8 and May 14-16 meetings.
The ITU/WTPF-13 report explicitly includes the creation of "Global Principles for the governance and use of the Internet," and resolving issues pertaining to "use of Internet resources for purposes that are inconsistent with international peace, stability and security."
It also redefines the multi-stakeholder definition of Internet governance as currently insufficient because it does not grant governments—now defined by ITU as underrepresented multi-stakeholders—"sufficient" Internet governance power.
FCC to Congress: U.N., ITU lied to us
The House Committees will also be flatly told in his testimony that the ITU cannot be trusted in word, act, or deed. According to McDowell:
Before the WCIT, ITU leadership made three key promises: 1) No votes would be taken at the WCIT; 2) A new treaty would be adopted only through "unanimous consensus;" and 3) Any new treaty would not touch the Internet. All three promises were resoundingly broken.
Anti-ITU Internet opposition and activism can no longer be ignored
McDowell testified to Congress that since 2003, his office directly observed that countries such as China, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia—and their allies—have never given up their regulatory quest. "They continued to push the ITU, and the U.N. itself, to regulate both the operations, economics and content of the Net," he said.
McDowell's testimony explained that Congress and the wider public must understand that serious damage was done when Internet guardians and U.S. officials didn't listen to early warnings about the ITU:
Many defenders of Internet freedom did not take [ITU's Internet governance] proposals seriously at first, even though some plans explicitly called for: • Changing basic definitions contained in treaty text so the ITU would have unrestricted jurisdiction over the Internet; • Allowing foreign phone companies to charge global content and application providers internationally mandated fees (ultimately to be paid by all Internet consumers) with the goal of generating revenue for foreign government treasuries; • Subjecting cybersecurity and data privacy to international control, including the creation of an international “registry” of Internet addresses that could track every Internet-connected device in the world; • Imposing unprecedented economic regulations of rates, terms and conditions for currently unregulated Internet traffic swapping agreements known as “peering;” • Establishing ITU dominion over important non-profit, private sector, multistakeholder functions, such as administering domain names like the .org and .com Web addresses of the world; • Subsuming into the ITU the functions of multi-stakeholder Internet engineering groups that set technical standards to allow the Net to work; • Centralizing under international regulation Internet content under the guise of controlling “congestion,” or other false pretexts; and many more.
In McDowell's powerful testimony, he told Congress the purpose of WCIT was actually to extend the ITU's reach into the Internet's affairs, its governance, and much more:
"In fact, in 2011, then-Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin summed it up best when he declared that his goal, and that of his allies, was to establish “international control over the Internet” through the ITU. Last month in Dubai, Mr. Putin largely achieved his goal.
In conclusion, McDowell said that inaction is not an option, and doubt about the ITU's power to change the Internet is no longer acceptable if a free and open Internet is to be preserved—and saved.
Almost a quarter didn't specify a primary endpoint. And shockingly, only 87% reported the number of patients enrolled. Only 84% reported the mean age of enrollees. These are pretty basic stats, folks.
Obviously, we could spin this data to make it look like the FDA is asleep at the wheel but before we grab our pitchforks, let me ask this question: Why were some studies randomized, and some not?
The reason is that there are civil servants at the FDA whose job it is to interface with manufacturers to decide how these studies should be conducted. They are charged with determining the "least burdensome" standard of data. That's the law. In other words, sometimes a blinded, randomized trial is the least burdensome thing you can do to make sure the device is still safe and effective. But not always. We'd need to review each of these 78 approvals separately to determine if we, as a medical community, think the data presented was inadequate.
I'm actually ok with this system, with one caveat. Rigorous post-approval research must be conducted to ensure safety, especially as indications are expanded. And here the FDA has not done a great job. The FDA has been lax about enforcing post-marketing surveillance. According to the study authors, only 13% of post-marketing safety studies are completed between 3 and 5 years after FDA approval, and the FDA has never issued a warning letter, penalty, or fine against a manufacturer for noncompliance.
Getting these products to patients quickly may be laudable, but once they are in the wild manufacturers should not be left entirely to their own devices.
After this post was made, I heard from lead author Rita Redberg concerning some questions I had with the manuscript.
I was curious about the "denominator" for these approvals. The study looks at 78 device supplement approvals, but we are not told how many rejected applications there are. Her response: "FDA does not make available the number of applications they receive and do not approve... Anecdotally, I have heard it is about 80% approved".
Dr. Redberg also stated that she feels the current standard for approvals is relatively lax, citing a recent cluster of deaths associated with a rapidly-approved gastric balloon. She suggests that high-risk devices should face the same standard as drugs, where 2 preferably randomized clinical trials with meaningful endpoints are necessary for approval. Finally, she notes that post-marketing surveillance may not be the best solution to this problem (as I had suggested), as while drugs can be quickly pulled from the market, many devices are not easily removed from patients.
When you gotta go, you gotta go. At least that was one man's philosophy yesterday while riding on Shanghai Metro Line 2.
Pictures have been posted on Chinese social media showing the brazenly guy taking a dump right in the middle of the subway car while fellow commuters look on nonplussed — one passenger even seems to be snapping a picture to mark the occasion.
If you are not aware, every station on Line 2 has a bathroom inside and stops are only 2 or 3 minutes apart at most. But hey, at least he put down some newspaper.
Still, even that hasn't saved him from being crapped on on Weibo for his choice of toilet:
“… you couldn't just hold it in, get off at the next stop and find a bathroom?” one netizen wondered.
“If it's diarrhea, then poop in your pants, it's more dignified, more hidden. Once the carriage doors open, you can rush away and no one will be the wiser,” another netizen recommend.
Just another day on the metro in China.
Its not called line no.2 for nothing. https://t.co/CMA7r8eAoE — Ian Badenhorst (@ianinchina) August 4, 2016
[Images via Toutiao]
Full Draft for "The Pez Dispenser" Episode in Jerry Seinfeld's Hand Seinfeld, Jerry. Manuscript in Jerry Seinfeld's hand for the episode "The Pez Dispenser" [Season 3, Episode 14; series episode 30; air date January 15, 1992].
42 pp rectos only. Legal Folio. Full Draft for "The Pez Dispenser" Episode in Jerry Seinfeld's Hand. On yellow ruled legal folio, corrections throughout, paginated in pen and again in black marker 1-42 at upper left with insertions on verso of three sheets, bound with paperclips into four groups, horizontal folding crease at center, some wrinkling. Item #101195
The hand-written script by Seinfeld is for the beloved "Pez Dispenser" episode, in which Elaine ruins the piano concert of George's girlfriend by bursting into laughter when Jerry places a Pez dispenser in her lap. It is also the episode in which Kramer joins the polar bear club, creates a brand of cologne called "The Beach" and everyone participates in an intervention for a former softball team-mate who was traumatized by Kramer's suggestion during their final game. Although the writing of the episode is credited to both Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David, this is an early (first?) draft attempt by Seinfeld. It includes substantial amounts of dialogue that were omitted in subsequent drafts. There are also many revisions, crossing outs, insertions and the like – all typical of a working draft and all in Seinfled's hand. The episode aired on January 15, 1992. Seinfeld is routinely regarded as one of the best television series ever produced. During its first run it was awarded the Emmy for Outstanding Comendy series in 1993, it received the Golden Globe Award for Best TV-series (comedy) in 1994 and in 1995, in 1997 and 1998 it won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series. Since it finished production, TV Guide awarded it the greatest TV show of all time in both 2002 and 2013. Original Seinfeld material is scarce on the open market. Furthermore, we have not been able to locate any manuscript drafts such as this in either Seinfeld or Larry David's hand.
Price: $25,000.00 Free International Delivery
Treasurer Scott Morrison has accused the big banks of having a "whinge" over the government's new levy, but sought to reassure them he has no plans to lift the impost further.
Continuing his budget sales job at the weekend, Mr Morrison ramped up pressure on the banks not to pass the 0.06 per cent levy - which will raise an estimated $6.2 billion - on to customers.
Treasurer Scott Morrison announced plans for a "one-stop shop" for consumer complaints. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen
"If they do, they will say to every banking customer in Australia you are right about the big banks. You are absolutely right about them. That's why they shouldn't do it," Mr Morrison told the ABC on Sunday.
"If banks think the way to build shareholder value is to fleece their customers then I don't think that is a very sound business strategy."
Problems on power play have plagued Wings all season, but that's no excuse with odds now stacked against him
Red Wings defensemann Brendan Smith and goalie Petr Mrazek was unable to block the Lightning's shot during the third period of Tuesday's loss at Joe Louis Arena. (Photo: Kimberly P. Mitchell DFP)
The Detroit Red Wings look at their first-round series and contend it's far from over, because when you're drowning, you grab at anything.
Having Jekylled-and-Hyded their way through the regular season, the Wings may well dress as their good and disciplined version in tonight's Game 5, but the odds they face are scary. The Tampa Bay Lightning has three chances to win one game and advance, and two are at Amalie Arena. The Wings must win all three games to advance.
One at a time, of course.
“It's far from over,” Justin Abdelkader said Wednesday, the day after a deflating 3-2 loss at home. “There's a lot of hockey to be played. I think the games have all been really close. It's just a matter of making the most of our opportunities. If we go down there and win one game, we know we can turn this series around.
“We're doing a lot of good things out there, and if we correct our mistakes and make a few adjustments, we're a very optimistic group.”
For that optimism to grow, a slew of guys needs to start exerting themselves. Henrik Zetterberg didn't hesitate to agree when asked if more was needed from him, what with only one point, a goal, in these playoffs. Pavel Datsyuk has no points. Coach Jeff Blashill explained that based on the internal statistics, Datsyuk was plus-one in scoring chances created versus scoring chances allowed, and Zetterberg was plus-two.
“It's not like they're not having an impact on the series from their play,” Blashill said, “but we need more production from multiple people, including them.”
Tomas Tatar has struggled so much he looked vulnerable to be pulled for Game 4. Blashill and his staff considered whether to insert Teemu Pulkkinen to have available for the power play (that dropped to 1-for-21 for the series after going 0-for-4 Tuesday, while the Lightning went 3-for-5).
Blashill explained his decision-making process includes weighing “the idea of what he could do to help it versus the actual application of it when he hasn't been on it for so long. Can he actually develop the type of chemistry you need to have success.”
It's a red flag if a team has to rely on a regular-season spare part to resuscitate their playoff series. It shouldn't have to come to that. It's on Zetterberg, Datsyuk, Tatar, Abdelkader, Gustav Nyquist and Brad Richards. It's on Niklas Kronwall, and it's on Jonathan Ericsson, the latter of whom took the penalty that enabled the winning goal Tuesday.
“I would spread blame throughout the entire team for the reason we're down, 3-1,” Blashill said. “And I don't think they are vast differences, they're minor differences.”
The Wings are correct that the games have been close, including the two that weren't one-goal finals. Their victory came in the game they didn't self-destruct by taking inexcusable penalties, those taken in the offensive zone.
“I think we've been playing good enough this series 5-on-5,” Zetterberg said. “Our special teams have to be better. If we do that, we'll be fine.”
The Wings put themselves in position to get into the playoffs by turning in enough good performances when it mattered. In Game 4, when they had a chance to even the series, they played so poorly on special teams they appear to be going under. Asked again and again during the season about their power play and their inconsistency, no one had an answer. They still don't.
“If we had a simple answer, it'd be easier to get corrected,” Kronwall said. “All we can do right now is look forward to going down to Tampa. All we can do is focus on winning one game.”
Contact Helene St. James: hstjames@freepress.com. Follow her on Twitter @helenestjames. Check out our Red Wings Xtra app on Apple and Android!
When it came to obeying the law, Socrates led the pack. Although the end result of his fidelity wasn't ideal, he did provide an example of obedience, come what may. Things might be more difficult today, but leading legal theorist Frederick Schauer has a hunch about what makes the law work. He shares it with Joe Gelonesi.
As the world gets tougher to negotiate, it's lucky we have clear-cut laws to help us through the long ethical night. However, on closer inspection, our everyday relationship with the law is a little more vexed.
While on death row in Athens after being convicted of corrupting the youth and impiety, Socrates had valid reasons to take action and flee. After all, the judgement on his case was unreasonable and the sentence would leave his orphans with nobody to care for them. But Socrates, in his Socratic way, came to work out that only the just life is worth living, and in this case, obeying the law was the just thing to do. In the ‘Speech of the Laws' he touches on the damage legal disobedience can do to a polity.
‘Do you imagine that a state can subsist and not be overthrown, in which the decisions of law have no power, but are set aside and overthrown by individuals?' he asked.
We are, after all, interested in law largely because of what it can do, of how it can make a difference, and if the commands merely track the law, just as my command to my dog tracks what she would do otherwise, then there is little point in being interested in the law at all. Frederick Schauer
Thus, he took the hit and the rest is history. Many generations along, we are left with a robust model of law-abiding citizenship: the law is the law, and on that basis it should be obeyed.
The law is certainly a different and special beast; it makes special claims on us which, as Socrates observed, must be binding for a universal justice to be realised. However, the ties that bind need more than simple-hearted goodwill. That's the hunch held with some conviction by Frederick Schauer, an eminent legal philosopher who's taught at Harvard, Columbia and Chicago, among other esteemed law schools. Two decades of examining how we play by the rules has led Schauer to an epiphany on the source of the law's uniqueness.
Schauer asked himself the deceptively simple question: ‘Do people obey the law?' That is, do they obey the law, or are they doing something else which merely makes them appear as if they're obeying the law?
The law is a peculiar, when one thinks about it, as it is different to other normative systems of ethics and right-doing. It carries a special weight. Starting from this premise, Schauer works his way to an understanding of the law that cannot do without a vital, though contested, ingredient.
‘What makes law distinctive is that unlike other social and political, cultural institutions, it not only tells us what to do but threatens us with unpleasant sanctions,' he says.
Is it possible to conceive of the law as a system without coercion, one without prisons and fines, or depending on where you live, floggings and death? Furthermore, would you even obey it as a normative system without these sanctions? Does the stick make the law special?
'For Socrates, the law was the law,' says Schauer. 'He paid the ultimate price to show that laws must be obeyed regardless of what one's own moral judgement might be. Judgment was mistaken and unjust but the very fact it was the law, for him, entitled it to respect and obedience.'
‘In the language of contemporary jurisprudence, Socrates believed that law had content-independent authority,' explains Schauer. ‘Socrates thought that the content of law's judgement [on him] was mistaken and unjust, but the very fact it was the law, for him, entitled it to respect and obedience.'
As Schauer points out, Socrates might have been the first to come up with this idea, but he wasn't the last.
Read more: The philosophy of Roger Scruton
Listen: Should thieves be jailed?
‘He's been followed by a distinguished collection of successors, including Thomas Aquinas, John Locke and John Rawls. For some of them it is a matter of obligation imposed by the social contract, for others, a matter of fairness and reciprocity, the things that make a society function.'
That sounds reasonable, and most of us would, on first inspection, agree.
At this point, though, Schauer turns to his pet dog.
‘What makes my dog relevant is that every morning and every evening I put food in front of her and then command her to eat. Miraculously, she eats, every time I tell her to eat. What an obedient dog, you might think.'
His dog (an Australian sheep dog, he proudly points out) indicates a subtle but crucial distinction in the game of compliance.
‘You would suspect, quite properly, that my dog would eat even if I did not command her to eat, and probably even if I commanded her not to eat. She just acts in a way that happens to be consistent with my command, but she does not act at all because of it.'
Schauer's dog indicates a sharp distinction between behaviour which is compliant with commands and behaviour which is merely consistent with them. This is deeply problematic for those on the law-as-law team, as it suggests that it's possible that the law merely tracks people's actions, which they would otherwise do anyway. The law under these conditions loses its social status as a system different to other moral and normative systems. Schauer, through his honed understanding of rules-based behaviour, is keenly aware of the consequences.
‘We are, after all, interested in law largely because of what it can do, of how it can make a difference, and if the commands merely track the law, just as my command to my dog tracks what she would do otherwise, then there is little point in being interested in the law at all.'
As Schauer understands it, there most certainly is a tracking function in play in higher order deliberations. People simply want to do the right thing when it comes to certain big-ticket moral and ethical items. To make the point he uses a lurid example.
‘Where I live in Virginia cannibalism is against the law, but if Virginia were to repeal its laws against cannibalism it would not change my behaviour one bit. I like to think that much the same applies to many other laws to which I am subject.'
It seems uncontroversial to conclude that people will not commit assault, fraud or murder because it is the right thing to do. However, it adds a complicating dimension to the question of why people actually comply with the law. It's here that Schauer's intellectually hard-won hunch about coercion kicks in.
‘In Finland, people will stand obediently at ‘do not walk' signs, even when there is nary a car nor police officer in sight. Not so for Italians, not so for Americans and, based on my observations, somewhat so for Australians.'
Beyond anecdote, Schauer has been combing through the empirical research and the results suggest that the Finns are possibly unique.
‘There might be good reason to think that the Finns are exceptional and that obedience to the law may be far more rare than is commonly supposed,' surmises Schauer.
He cites work done on jury notices and traffic violations.
‘The non-attendance rate for court appearances in regard to traffic violations can be as high as 60 per cent in some surveys. Much the same goes for people summoned for jury duty, where compliance rates absent stringent sanctions have been found to be as low as 20 per cent, and it rarely approaches 50 per cent.'
‘Parking meter compliance in San Francisco was 40 per cent in 2007, and compliance rates for mandatory dog licences in the United States are below 20 per cent, and three per cent for cats.'
The knockout statistic closer to home concerns our multiplying bus and transit lanes.
‘Non-compliance with high occupancy vehicle lane laws was found to be 90 per cent without enforcement.'
Add to the pile non-compliance with public transport fares, motorcycle helmet laws, tobacco sales to minors and do-it-yourself tax assessments.
The collection of studies and reports seems to indicate that when sanctions are non-existent, soft, or administered without much alacrity, people defer to their better judgement, what Schauer terms ‘my side biases', to determine whether they will comply with the law.
Do the right thing Sunday 22 June 2014 The Philosopher's Zone considers why we do the right thing: our own judgement or the big stick of the law? More This [series episode segment] has image,
It's at this point that a distinguishing aspect of the law as a special normative system comes into view.
‘Legal systems have long relied on coercion,' says Schauer. ‘Now we can understand why. A principal reason for having the law is that people's judgements are often mistaken ... It should come as little surprise that many people overestimate their own decision making abilities.'
We often think we are better drivers than we actually are. This deceptively simple truth makes law-with-coercion a fundamental system for effective social regulation in a complex world of beliefs, needs, wants, desires and the inevitable clashes that occur because of them.
It's not only at the petty level of fines and licences that these overestimations occur. The way we regard the environment offers up stark examples of my side biases; think of rainforest protestors or whaling ship chasers. The law is often telling us to go against our best judgement. Once that happens, the law needs to be something more than a voluntary system that glides seamlessly alongside our natural tendencies to act in certain ways. It needs to dispense some good old fashioned tough love for it to work; not a ‘truth' modern liberal democrats, who eschew the stick in favour of the carrot, appreciate.
Henry David Thoreau and the philosophical anarchist school, who believe that what's right trumps what's legal, would not agree. However, as Schauer concludes:
‘Once we understand that people's self-interested decisions may not be in the collective interest, and once we understand that people's non self-interested judgements may often be mistaken, we can understand the need for law and law's authority.'
The simplest questions often have the most complex answers. The Philosopher's Zone is your guide through the strange thickets of logic, metaphysics and ethics.
An obituary of George Woodcock, Canadian anarchist and writer.
GEORGE WOODCOCK, author of two well known and widely available books on anarchism - Anarchism and The Anarchist Reader - has died, aged 82. Born in Winnipeg, Canada on May 8th, 1912 his life spanned some of the highest and lowest moments of the movement he came to chronicle. He first became active in Anarchist politics in the 1930s when his family returned to England from Canada to escape poverty. For a long period he was editor of the anti-war paper, War Commentary and the anarchist newspaper, Freedom.
His political involvement in the years leading up the Second World War coincided with the great achievements of the Spanish anarchist movement in 1936-37. Woodcock, like most of his contemporaries - George Orwell and Herbert Read among others - sought to raise awareness of the revolution in Spain and of what was being achieved by the Spanish working class against great odds. He was a firm believer in the working class's ability to reorganise society along fundamentally democratic and egalitarian lines. The defeat of the Spanish anarchist movement came, accordingly, as a bitter blow.
Even so, Woodcock's own support for anarchism and the anarchist idea continued. While his contribution to other areas grew on his return to Canada, most notably creative writing, he remained, nonetheless, committed to encouraging a better understanding of what anarchism stood for and its continuing relevance to movements for social change. For a long period his two best known books were the only comprehensive guides widely available about anarchism in the English language, and for this reason alone he will be remembered.
Anarchism, which was first published in 1962, has been criticised, rightly, for its emphasis on anarchism as a movement of the past. Reflecting on the period in which he had lived, Woodcock saw the passing of anarchism as a mass working class force as an irreversible feature of modern political life. His later contributions impressed anarchism's relevance on areas such as ecology and feminism.
The Anarchist Reader, in contrast, is a book which will stand the test of time. Emphasising the theory and practice of anarchism, it draws on an array of people associated with anarchism over the years, giving a comprehensive and accessible introduction to the breadth and relevance of anarchist ideas. Noting the revival of interest in anarchism since the 1960s, Woodcock wrote in his introduction "Anarchism, in summary, is a phoenix in an awakening desert, an idea that has revived for the only reason ideas revive - that they respond to some need felt deeply by people". George Woodcock died on January 28th, 1995 aged eighty two.
Kevin Doyle
Workers Solidarity Movement
The Obama administration is stepping up pressure on activists planning to challenge Israel's sea blockade of the Gaza Strip, warning that they will face action from Israeli authorities and that American participants may also be violating U.S. law.
The U.S. State Department said Friday that attempts to break the blockade are "irresponsible and provocative" and that Israel has well-established means of delivering assistance to the Palestinian residents of Gaza. It noted that the territory is run by the militant Hamas group, a U.S. designated foreign terrorist organization, and that Americans providing support to it are subject to fines and jail.
Israel Navy forces approaching the Mavi Marmara bound for Gaza, May 31, 2010. Reuters
"Groups that seek to break Israels maritime blockade of Gaza are taking irresponsible and provocative actions that risk the safety of their passengers. Established and efficient mechanisms exist to transfer humanitarian assistance to Gaza. For example, humanitarian assistance can be delivered at the Israeli port of Ashdod, where cargo can be offloaded, inspected, and transported to Gaza," a State Department press release said.
"We urge all those seeking to provide such assistance to the people of Gaza to use these mechanisms, and not to participate in actions like the planned flotilla."
The warning is the third in as many days and follows the announcement by 36 Americans that they will sail aboard a U.S.-flagged vessel in a flotilla to Gaza.
The statement also reiterated the U.S. stance on Hamas, calling the Islamic group "to play a constructive role by renouncing violence, recognizing Israels right to exist, and accepting past agreements."
Despite warnings by the State Department, one traveler planning to ignore that advice is celebrated poet and novelist Alice Walker, who intends to join with other European and American activists when they set sail from the ports of some 22 countries.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
"Why am I going on the Freedom Flotilla II to Gaza? I ask myself this, even though the answer is: What else would I do?," Walker wrote, explaining her motives in an open letter to CNN and outlining her plan to carry letters to the people of Gaza on board the Audacity of Hope boat. "We will be carrying letters ... expressing solidarity and love," she writes.
Walker's letter goes on to discuss the brave "followers of Gandhi," and the "Jewish civil rights activists" who stood side by side with blacks in the South, and places her current "mission" within this context. She ends with a rebuke to both Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's policies and those in the U.S. that back them.
Meanwhile, the Turkish humanitarian relief foundation IHH has announced that the refurbished Mavi Maramara ship, on which nine activists were killed during an attempt to break Israel's coastal siege on the Gaza Strip in May 2010, will not join the flotilla planned to set sail at the end of the month.
One of the debates that always comes up in CFL circles is around how tightly the league should fight to hang on to its players. Given the vast salary discrepancy between the CFL and the NFL (a NFL rookie will make a minimum of $405,000 this season, while the CFL average salary is likely close to $60,000 and many make far less), it's not surprising that most of those who have a chance to look for bigger exposure and bigger paydays in the southern league do so. For some CFL fans and executives, that's a problem, and that's resulted in efforts to keep players north of the border such as the removal of the NFL option year and the Tiger-Cats' attempt to retain an unhappy Chris Williams. For others, though, having top players for a short period is seen as better than reducing the amount of top-tier players who want to try the CFL: that's led to efforts to reinstate the NFL option and teams like Toronto releasing top players like Armond Armstead so they can try the NFL waters. Adherents of the latter school there are often painted as wanting to turn the CFL into an NFL developmental league, but in a recent issue of Sportsnet magazine, famed Canadian sportswriter and radio host Stephen Brunt eloquently makes the case that developing talent for the NFL isn't necessarily a complete negative:
The typical American player arrives in a CFL camp because he has failed to be noticed by or stick with an NFL team. The vast majority of them understandably harbour NFL dreams and will head back the minute they can. That's not a bad thing for the CFL. Better to have players like Cameron Wake (who, with B.C., led the CFL in sacks in 2008 before signing with Miami) for a few seasons than not at all. And better to have others who aren't that good, but think they are, believe that coming north and playing for a relative pittance is an alternative to getting on with their non-football lives. ... The truth is, they'd be better off letting [Williams] go, however painful that might be, and reopening the option window, encouraging the free flow of football players back and forth across the great unguarded border. The CFL might be able to live without him, but it can't thrive without the next Chris Williams, and the next one after that. Whatever the patriotic rhetoric, whatever the size of our balls, our game is made better by Americans, even when they're just visiting.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Story continues
Brunt's entire piece is worth your time, but what's particularly notable is that he hits on a truth many who criticize the developmental model miss: for every Chris Williams, Cameron Wake or Brandon Browner, there are 50 CFL players who dream of being them, but aren't able to stick south of the border. The CFL is able to attract some solid American talent largely because of its well-established nature (particularly in comparison to many non-NFL circuits south of the border) and its reputation as a place where the best can shine and prove their case to play in the NFL. While this inevitably means that some CFL stars will wind up leaving and never returning after a season or two, their numbers pale by comparison to those who harbour NFL dreams but never quite get there.
It's that illusion of NFL hope that's a key selling point the CFL uses to draw in American recruits from a vast collection of backgrounds, and that's a large part of why so many reasonably-prominent players are willing to face massive odds just for a CFL shot. That's not to say that those who want to keep American stars around for longer don't have a point: of course it's important to get the top calibre of talent the CFL can find and keep it around as long as possible. Restrictive measures aimed at keeping that talent north of the border don't happen in isolation, though, and they'll have an impact on future player recruitment. As Brunt points out, debates over how the CFL should handle players like Chris Williams are never just about that specific situation. They have to be viewed in the larger context of talent recruitment and retention, and trying to improve retention will perhaps have a negative effect on recruitment.
Overall, the crucial message may be that despite its connotations, the idea of a "developmental" league isn't completely bad. Yes, a CFL that turns into an out-and-out minor league for the NFL (such as the American Hockey League or the NBA Developmental League) likely wouldn't be a positive. The advantages of pulling in even more talent would be offset by that talent being called up to NFL teams midseason, and it would be very difficult to maintain the unique Canadian character of the CFL if it was closely joined to the NFL. Being seen as a high-profile place where those overlooked by the NFL can try and make their way to that league isn't as bad, though, and that's why it's so important to have solid American television deals and contractual agreements that don't keep talented players away. There's a balance between retention and recruitment that needs to be struck, of course, and there's a worthwhile debate to be had over where that balance lies. However, the importance of pieces like Brunt's is that they show that "developmental" doesn't always have to be a vulgar word.
Twitter messages apparently posted by one of President-elect Donald Trump's aides have added some intrigue to the sudden resignation of Jason Miller, Trump's choice for communications director.
A tweet from the account of A.J. Delgado, an adviser to Trump's campaign and a member of the transition team, appeared Thursday with the message: “Congratulations to the baby-daddy on being named WH Comms Director!”
Delgado also appeared to call Miller “The 2016 version of John Edwards,” a reference to the former U.S. senator and Democratic presidential candidate who carried on an extramarital affair with his campaign videographer. Two other tweets called on Miller to resign – which he did.
“When people need to resign graciously and refuse to, it's a bit . . . spooky,” one tweet read. It was followed by another saying Miller “needed to resign . . . yesterday.”
Delgado deactivated her Twitter account Saturday and could not be reached for comment Sunday.
Miller, who had been named Thursday to the high-level post of overseeing White House communications strategy, unexpectedly announced Christmas Eve that the West Wing job would be too demanding and he wanted to focus on his family.
The departure of Miller, one of Trump's top campaign advisers and a leading spokesman for his transition efforts, has been an unwelcome distraction for the transition team as it assembles a government.
“After spending this past week with my family, the most amount of time I have been able to spend with them since March 2015, it is clear they need to be my top priority right now and this is not the right time to start a new job as demanding as White House Communications Director,” Miller said in a statement.
He added: “My wife and I are also excited about the arrival of our second daughter in January, and I need to put them in front of my career. I look forward to continuing to support the President-elect from outside after my work on the Transition concludes.”
Contacted on Sunday about the Twitter messages, Miller said in an email that “I'll let my previous statement stand at this time.”
Delgado, an attorney, is a former columnist for Mediaite and was one of Trump's staunchest defenders during the campaign. In early October, as some Republicans abandoned Trump after a videotape revealed lewd talk years earlier by the GOP nominee, Delgado tweeted: “Trump's talk has zero impact on how his policies would affect Americans. But sure, let's waste a day in the Ivory Tower feigning outrage.”
She frequently defended him in TV appearances during the campaign.
Sean Spicer, a veteran GOP operative who was named White House press secretary, will take over what were expected to be Miller's duties and will also have the title of communications director, Miller said in the statement.
According to the New York Post, Delgado, Miller and another Trump aide were seen in a Las Vegas Strip club on the night before the final presidential debate in October with three employees from CNN, NBC and ABC.
Miller, who has worked as a political consultant at Jamestown Associates, has a long history in GOP politics.
Miller joined Trump's campaign as senior communications adviser shortly before the Republican National Convention, after serving as a top communications aide for the presidential campaign of Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas. He oversaw the Trump campaign's communications throughout the general election. He continued in that role during the transition, sharing lead spokesman duties with Spicer.
On November 30, 2011, Nightwish released their most ambitious album to date. Imaginaerum was a sprawling, symphonic metal epic bolstered by live chorale and orchestral arrangements that showcased founder Tuomas Holopainen's compositional skills as well as then-singer Anette Olzon's vocal talents. It went soaring to the top of the Finnish Album Chart and earned the Finnish band a top three placing in the UK Rock Chart. However, the accompanying movie of the same name fared less well and disappeared with little trace, losing the band a significant sum of money in the process.
Although no one realised at the time, it would be Anette's last album with Nightwish. She was replaced by After Forever's Floor Jansen the following year during a tour schedule that would nearly destroy drummer Jukka Nevalainen.
In an extract from an interview, originally published as part of Metal Hammer's exclusive Nightwish supplement in issue 225, Tuomas and Anette discuss the ideas behind Imaginaerum and why bigger is better.
The concept behind Nightwish's new album, Imaginaerum, is an old man reminiscing about his days as a musician. Is there anything autobiographical about that? Are you trying to say the last 15 years have felt like three decades?
Tuomas [with much amusement]: “No. Let me clarify a couple of things here. The album is not in the least autobiographical. And the concept has nothing to do with me. It wasn't even my idea.”
So please explain…?
Tuomas: “OK. Back in 2007 I started to wonder what we could do after Dark Passion Play. I had the idea of combining a movie with an album: I would write maybe 12 or 13 songs and we would film a short movie for all of them. It would be a double CD; an audio disc would contain the songs and there would also be a DVD [containing the visual content]. That was the seed of my idea. There would be no professional actors, no dialogue, no plot or storyline; only the music videos for the songs. So I introduced my idea to Stobe Harju, the director of the video for The Islander [from Dark Passion Play]. He thought it was excellent, saying that nobody had done anything like it before. He went a stage further still. He suggested that we make a full-length drama movie that would condense those songs ideas of mine into the script. I'm not going to try and steal the glory for that: it was 100 per cent Stobe's idea to have an old man sitting back and looking over his past life.”
Imaginaerum must be the most daring thing that Nightwish has ever attempted. There must have times when you thought you'd bitten off a lot more than you could chew?
Tuomas: “A little, I guess, but it felt like the natural thing to do. Dark Passion Play was so big, ambitious and versatile, it seemed like there was nothing more that we could do. So I searched my brain for something that would take it into another dimension.”
It sounds as though you are constantly in search of something bigger and more spectacular than what's gone before? It's necessary for Nightwish to outdo themselves – go to that next level of grandiosity – at every point, time after time?
Tuomas [warmly]: “I like your choice of words. It's not about trying to make the band bigger and bigger and bigger. What's important is to challenge yourself. What is the point in doing the same thing twice? I like to be innovative. There's a lot of ambition in this band. Rock music has such a rich history: We love being the first to do something extraordinary. In many ways this movie represents insanity, but for that exact same reason it's also a great thing for us to do.”
The Finnish government has agreed to provide a grant of £365,000 towards its full budget of £2.3 million which will help to relieve the financial burden. But if it should flop at the box office, that's a gigantic amount of the band's own cash to lose…
Tuomas: “I know. But luckily we have been able to gather together some money for the last 10 or 12 years. Even if we don't get anything back [from the film] we will still be able to keep our houses. It's definitely a big risk and a huge investment. Speaking personally, yeah… I am putting everything I have into the movie. The band's company has invested heavily.”
Did everybody in the group agree? Was it a unanimous decision?
Tuomas: “At the start, no it wasn't. But the other bandmembers heard the final mix of the demos for the music and they saw the synopsis of the script and some reference pictures of what the movie will look like and they said: ‘This is going to be so cool. We all want to be a part of it.'”
You have streamlined the content of the songs in order to make the movie hang together. It's now about an old man on his deathbed who glimpses a childhood dream in which he refuses to grow old, and fights ageing with his imagination.
Tuomas: “It was crucial to us that the movie and the album would work together as different entities. They had to be able to stand apart and still make sense. The movie and the album don't have that much in common. There are some similarities, of course, but also a lot of differences. The film is about the power of imagination and memory, also the amazing things that unconditional love can achieve.”
All of this is no great surprise. After all, the band's music has always had cinematic scope and you have spoken many times of your hopes to score a movie in later, post-Nightwish, years?
Tuomas: “In some ways, the combining of film with metal music is completely natural. It's the logical thing for Nightwish to do.”
(Image: © Steve Brown/Photoshot/Getty Images)
As an individual, you have a great love of the classic Walt Disney flicks.
Tuomas [enthusiastically]: “I really, really do. There's something about the emotional power of those films that is so seductive. You can watch them time and time again and you are never bored.”
You've cited the surrealist painter Salvador Dalí, film score legend Ennio Morricone and Tim Burton, whose quirky films include Edward Scissorhands, Alice In Wonderland and Charlie And The Chocolate Factory as other personal heroes. What do you admire about these people? How have they influenced you?
Tuomas: “I love their crazy creativity. That has rubbed off on the album; there are times when you can hear it. It's quite, quite insane. That's the type of thing I love. It's important to be able to laugh at yourself. “
The public perception of Nightwish isn't necessarily true.
Tuomas: “Yeah. I encounter lots and lots of people that think we do everything with a serious face. When they get to spend some time around us they realise that it's quite untrue. OK, a lot of thought goes into our songs and some of them deal with quite serious issues like death and love, but we are laughing at ourselves all of the time. Come on, it's just music…”
Does the band appear in the film?
Tuomas: “We are in some small cameo roles in the film. We play as a band in two particular scenes. Personally I have a very little role as a 47-year-old Tuomas but we were very strict about not being seen too much. It's supposed to be believable. None of us know how to act, so I told the director: ‘Use us as little as possible.'”
At a pre-release playback of Imaginaerum, which took place for the benefit of the media in London, the band's orchestrator, Pip Williams, described the album as “Tuomas's masterpiece”. Do you agree that it's deeper and perhaps a little less accessible than Dark Passion Play?
Tuomas: “It's really hard for me to say, but you might be correct.”
So does it bother you if there isn't a song as instant or ultra-commercial as the last album's Bye Bye Beautiful or Amaranth?
Tuomas: “Not at all, because you are making that observation after just a first listen. I'm completely happy with the album. I'm not going to repeat the cliché of, ‘Oh, this is the best album that my band has done' because at this moment I still don't know whether that's true. It's definitely the most theatrical thing we've ever attempted. Some people have said that it takes a few more listens to get into it. To me, that might always be a good sign. After all, some of the most rewarding albums ever made have taken a little getting to know.”
Anette: “I really, really like Imaginaerum – even more than Dark Passion Play. When we went to Germany for a playback session I remember, I found myself thinking: ‘How on earth is anyone going to write about an album this massive on the first listen?' Of course there are some melodies but there's a lot of stuff going on. It's something you need to experience with earphones on to appreciate fully. And you must play it much more than once.”
Can you talk us through Pip Williams' role? He's been with the band for three albums, recording the choirs and orchestras and helping to perfect the scores, from the final Tarja-fronted release, Once, onwards. Why is the Englishman so important to what Nightwish does?
Tuomas: “The choirs and orchestras have become such a relevant part of Nightwish. I am not sure whether we could ever do album without them again. Well, we probably could, but we really enjoy using them. Since 2004 we have got to know Pip Williams really well and he really understands what we are all about. He understands my mind and the connection is great. I couldn't imagine using anybody else to do what Pip does for us. He does such great work and the chemistry is so great.”
In some ways has Pip become too invaluable? For instance, when Nightwish play live his recordings of the choirs and orchestras are sampled to enhance the heaviness and sense of drama of certain tracks. Some critics have called this ‘cheating' for want of a better word, because not everything is being played by the band.
Tuomas: “Well, I don't really see why the band should have to play everything. You come to the show and you want to see something serious and emotional. You want something to sound as incredible as it can possibly be? When I go to a show, and I'm not talking as a musician, I don't worry about whether every last note is being performed completely live.”
There are some people who do…?
Tuomas: “I know, I know. But that's my point. I have seen Rammstein live and they use a lot of backing tracks, and it's the same thing with big stars like Madonna or Britney Spears. It doesn't bother me at all. It's all about the overall atmosphere of the show. And let me stress, it's about enhancing what Nightwish do. There are five of us onstage and we play completely live – all of the vocals and the instruments.”
It's simply about offering the best audio experience possible?
Tuomas: “Exactly, it just wouldn't be the same [without the samples]. We know that because we have tried. They're such an essential part of our sound, we can't leave them off. And of course we cannot take a real orchestra or choir on the road with us, it's just too expensive.”
Does some small part of you long to make a more simple record than Imaginaerum? You don't make it particularly easy for yourselves, do you?
Anette: “Actually, yes. We are a great band even without all of the cinematic elements that Tuomas likes to add. It would be really, really nice to someday make an album that was acoustically based, or had more straight-ahead rock'n'roll influences. It would prove that we don't need all of the orchestras and of course it could be made a lot faster to make. A gap of four or five years between albums is just too long.”
Metal Hammer's General Knowledge Quiz
Two weeks ago, Nobel laureate Venkatraman Ramakrishnan reportedly dismissed homoeopathy — along with astrology — as being “harmful and bogus”. Ramakrishnan, an Indian-born American and British structural biologist, was delivering a lecture titled “On Nobody's Word: Evidence and Modern Science” at Panjab University in Chandigarh. Hindustan Times quoted him as saying: “No one in chemistry believes in homoeopathy. It works on placebo effect.”In his dismissal of the 200-year-old system of medicine, Ramakrishnan questioned a belief system that has a huge following not only in India but across the world. According to a report in Business Standard, globally, more than 600 million people use homoeopathy; of this, about 100 million are Indians. In India alone, there are more than 200,000 practitioners of homoeopathy. The AYUSH (ayurveda, yoga, unani, siddha, homoeopathy) ministry, established in 2014, has a dedicated body for research in homoeopathy. Given the high cost of allopathic treatment and the side effects that accompany evidence-based modern medicine, Indians often turn to the scientifically unproven, though mild and relatively inexpensive, homoeopathic treatment that claims to “treat” conditions, ranging from respiratory problems to mental health conditions.
The ‘science' behind it
Developed in the late 18th century by German doctor Samuel Hahnemann, homoeopathy is based on two principles, both of which bear little scientific evidence. One, homoeopathic practitioners believe that “like cures like”, which simply means that a substance that could cause certain symptoms in a healthy person could, in minute doses, relieve the same symptoms in a sick person. For instance, peeling an onion triggers runny nose and watery eyes — symptoms that are often found in a person suffering from common cold. Homoeopaths claim that such symptoms could be treated by Allium cepa, a medicine prepared from red onions.
The second principle on which homoeopathy works involves diluting a substance — plant, animal material or chemical — rigorously in water or alcohol, so much so that only some or no traces of the actual substance remain. Homoeopathic practitioners, however, believe that the more a substance is diluted, the greater is its power to treat the symptoms.
Is it effective?
“They [homoeopaths] take arsenic compounds and dilute it to such an extent that just a molecule is left. It will not have any effect on you. Your tap water has more arsenic,” Ramakrishnan was quoted as saying. And there is scientific evidence to back his views. In 2015, in one of the most extensive studies on homoeopathy to date, the National Health and Medical Research Council in Australia reviewed more than 170 research papers on the alternative system of medicine to conclude that there is no reliable evidence that homoeopathy is effective for treating health conditions. A 2005 Lancet study found that “the clinical effects of homoeopathy are placebo effects”.
Critics often question a basic principle underlying homoeopathy called “water memory”, or the supposed ability of water to remember the shape of the substance it contained, even though none of the molecules may have been left after multiple dilutions. A 2010 report on homoeopathy by the House of Commons Science and Technology Committee said: “We consider the notion that ultra-dilutions can maintain an imprint of substances previously dissolved in them to be scientifically implausible.”
However, homoeopaths believe that the focus on “water memory” is overblown.
“All homoeopathy is not non-molecular,” says Raj Kumar Manchanda, director-general at the Central Council for Research in Homoeopathy, an autonomous organisation under the AYUSH ministry. “It is only when, in certain cases, low potencies are not effective that you might have to go for higher potencies. So, seventy to eighty per cent of combinations is as molecular as any other allopathic or ayurvedic or traditional drug. It is only twenty to twenty five per cent that are non-molecular.”
Manchanda — as do others who swear by homoeopathy — cites a study by the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay that found that homoeopathic medicines do contain medicinal molecules in nano sizes even after high dilutions.
However, there is little research to suggest whether the medicines really work.
“Claiming that homoeopathy is therapeutic without research is not right,” says B Dinesh Kumar, president of the Indian Pharmacological Society. “There is a need for validation of homoeopathy as a system of medicine.”
Limitations
Manchanda says that homoeopathy works well in most sub-acute and chronic cases. However, he advises against the use of homoeopathic medicines in acute and life-threatening conditions. Since homoeopathic remedies are believed to stimulate the body's immune system so that the body heals on its own, in acute cases “the body's immune mechanism sometimes doesn't have enough time to react,” says Manchanda.
He even recommends the use of allopathic medicine when the “infection is severe” and following it up with homoeopathy in the long run, since it has no known side-effects.
It is not that homeopathy is without risks, though. In 2009, the US Food and Drug Administration ordered that Zicam, a homeopathic cold remedy, be pulled off the shelves after it found that, in 130 cases, people had reported losing their sense of smell.
According to Manchanda, however, homoeopathic medicines are incapable of causing any damage. “It is possible that after giving homoeopathic medicine you may not improve, but it is not possible that it will cause any harm,” he adds.
Royce Gracie moved to Torrance, California at the age of 18 and started teaching with his brother Rorion Gracie. Years later in 1990 they opened the Gracie Academy in Torrance, which the brothers and their father Grandmaster Helio Gracie would teach the classes. Royce left the Gracie Academy in 2002 to do seminars, train elite martial artist and continue his fighting career.
Royce's reputable career as a fighter began in 1993 after defeating three opponents in the first Ultimate Fighting Championship. This was a historic time in the UFC when there were almost no rules, no time limits, and no weight divisions. Discipline after discipline was defeated by the slight 6'1”, 180 pound Royce Gracie.
His opponents consistently outweighed him by more than 50 pounds. He went on to win 3 UFC titles and today is the only man in the history of no holds barred matches to successfully defeat four opponents in one night.
Royce Gracie had many other memorable fights including the longest MMA match in history (90 min) against Japanese Superstar Kazushi Sakuraba in PRIDE Grand PRIX 2000, and total domination of the Olympic Judo Gold Medalist Hidehiko Yoshida in PRIDE Shockwave 2003.
His largest opponent yet was Sumo Grand Champion Akebono, 6' 8" 486lbs. Royce Gracie vs. Akebono was the main event of K-1 Premium Dynamite New Years Eve shows on 12/31/2004. Royce Gracie defeated the giant in just 2min and 13sec with a shoulder lock. Royce's success has opened the eyes of many disbelievers to the importance of leverage and technique in grappling. In November of 2003, Royce Gracie was the first fighter to be inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame.
His list of students is enormous. Royce Gracie has taught many celebrities including: Chuck Norris, Ed O'Neal, Guy Ritchie and Nicholas Cage. He has also been very active with the CIA, FBI, DEA, Secret Service, Army Rangers, Army Special Forces, Navy Seals and many sheriff and police departments. Royce Gracie teaches here at Marcellini's Martial Arts Academy on a regular basis. Sam Marcellini trained with Royce for nearly 20 years; Sam was Royce's training and sparring partner for some of his most important fights. Sam Marcellini is one of the very few guys who have spent a lot of time training with Royce Gracie personally.
Since we opened 16 years ago, Royce Gracie has taught classes at this academy at least twice a year & has presented all of our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu students with their belts.
Click Here to Train with Royce Gracie
Interesting cover story interview in recent Rolling Stone with the new American "democratic socialist" poster boy, Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
One interesting point, especially as he's been scrambling to sound anti-gun as repetitively as possible post-San Bernardino, as Robby Soave documented here last week.
In the RS interview, conducted before that attack, he's more defensive about not being tough enough on guns and gun dealers for the modal Democratic Party voter, or RS reader:
RS: Why did you vote in 2005 to strip – from gun victims and the states that pick up the cost of gun violence – the same right to sue these gun companies? Didn't end the threat of lawsuits remove any impetus to have safer products, or to clean up distribution networks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals? Sanders: ....I come from a state that has virtually no gun control and, thank God [knocks on wood], has a reasonably low crime rate, OK? That is the culture of my state.... I had voted for instant background checks, to do away with the gun-show loophole. That's a pretty strong record for somebody that comes from a state that has no gun control. Every one of those votes was opposed by a lot of people in my state.... Now this legislation. We have a lot of gun stores in Vermont, small shops. If Mr. Smith, the gun-shop owner, sells you a gun legally, you have your instant background check, you get the gun. Then you flip out and you shoot your wife. It happens. Should the gun-shop owner be held liable for selling you the product? RS: I would think the courts could make that determination. Sanders: No. Well, let me make it: I don't think he should. I honestly don't think it should any more than if you picked up that table and banged me over the head and killed me. Would you hold that person [who sold the table] liable? We know what guns do. Guns have the capability of killing people. But I do not believe that somebody who lawfully sells a gun to somebody else should be held responsible if somebody uses that product wrongfully....
Sanders also had surprisingly a couple of nice things to say about, alone among Republicans, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.):
I would say Rand Paul, on occasion, comes out and says something that is sensible. On the other hand, what did he recently say? That I'm like Pol Pot? So we don't want to overdo it here in expressing great sympathy for Rand Paul. But he has shown a consistent attention to the invasion of our privacy rights both from the federal government and corporate America. And he is much [more] reluctant than his colleagues to get us into another war. On those two issues, he has stood above the other Republican candidates.
Otherwise, the interview is mostly Bernie being Bernie, talking up nationalized health care, more stringent price controls on drugs, forcing the economy away from coal through taxes and other means, publicly financed elections (to ensure no incumbent ever loses again in history, though he doesn't say that's the motive, and I've always wondered what good supporters of it expect to accomplish from their own perspective minus an absolute ban on any political speech whatsoever not directly paid for out of those public funds), a $15/hour national minimum wage, breaking up big financial institutions and arresting CEOs (for what statutory violations he seems unsure), and other things he thinks are good ideas, damn the cost.
He also, on the more positive side, says he'd pardon more nonviolent drug offenders as president.
Mostly, Sanders continues to stake out his real ground, which isn't necessarily classical socialism of the "government control of the means of production" variety, but really just a superexpensive welfare state based on the principle that, hey, some people are really rich, tax 'em up the wazoo, it'll all work out.
The principle that anyone with more money than me should have some of it taken from them to give things either to me or people with less than me seems to absolutely light many people's souls on fire, so I'm not counting Sanders' chances out.
Visualization
Data Notes
I am very interested in how American Households and families are changing so I created this visualization that shows how households are organized has changed over the last 70 years. I used data from the U.S. Census Bureau and Tableau to create this visualization. To better understand the categories, I have included definitions of these terms below. If you want to find out more about CPS definitions you can find them here.
Married Family Household: A household where a married couple owns or rents the home.
Non-Married Family Household: A household where the person who owns or rents the house is related to someone in the home, but the person is either unmarried or their spouse doesn't live there.
Non-Family Household: A household where the person who owns or rents the household is not related to anyone else in the household. People who live alone are included in this type of household.
If you want to keep up with our surveys and data analysis, be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
Socially imposed monogamy in humans is an evolutionary puzzle because it requires costly punishment by those who impose the norm. Moreover, most societies were--and are--polygynous; yet many larger human societies transitioned from polygyny to socially imposed monogamy beginning with the advent of agriculture and larger residential groups. We use a simulation model to explore how interactions between group size, sexually transmitted infection (STI) dynamics and social norms can explain the timing and emergence of socially imposed monogamy. Polygyny dominates when groups are too small to sustain STIs. However, in larger groups, STIs become endemic (especially in concurrent polygynist networks) and have an impact on fertility, thereby mediating multilevel selection. Punishment of polygynists improves monogamist fitness within groups by reducing their STI exposure, and between groups by enabling punishing monogamist groups to outcompete polygynists. This suggests pathways for the emergence of socially imposed monogamy, and enriches our understanding of costly punishment evolution.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's new book "Hit Refresh" tells a different version of the company's $2.5 billion purchase of Minecraft studio Mojang than we've heard before.
The version we know: Markus "Notch" Persson, the original creator of Minecraft, was getting tired of the pressures of running Mojang and tweeted out his willingness to sell. Numerous video game companies courted Persson and Mojang, but it was Microsoft which ultimately won out, and the deal was signed in mid-2014.
In the book, however, Nadella recounts an anecdote that adds another wrinkle: Microsoft had a chance to buy Mojang earlier than had previously been reported, but ultimately decided not to move forward. Also of note is that Nadella claims the person pushing for the deal was Phil Spencer, the Microsoft executive who's been in charge of Xbox since mid-2014.
"Early in Microsoft's relationship with Mojang, before I was CEO, Phil presented an opportunity to purchase Minecraft, but Phil's boss at the time chose not to move forward," writes Nadella.
In other words, if the deal had worked out, Microsoft could have bought Minecraft earlier on in its meteoric rise to popularity, perhaps for a cheaper price than the $2.5 billion it ultimately paid.
It's notable, too, because in a 2013 appearance on late night television, Persson publicly claimed he had no interest in selling Mojang or Minecraft. It's possible, however, that Persson's claims came after any talks with Microsoft had already fallen apart.
Minecraft More
Asked about Nadella's account of an earlier deal, Persson told Business Insider: "I'm probably the wrong person to ask about specifics, but I do remember us getting a ridiculously low offer from some company at some point fairly early on. We said no."
"Just to be clear," Persson added, "we weren't actively looking to sell, but would with some frequencies get asked. It wasn't until my tweet we decided to pursue it."
A Microsoft representative did not immediately return a request for comment.
"Now they get it"
Reading between the lines, we can devine some details from Nadella's account of the initial deal that never was. Minecraft was first released into beta at the end of 2010. Microsoft and Mojang teamed up in the Spring of 2011 to announce an Xbox 360 version, which launched in 2012. This would be "early in Microsoft's relationship with Mojang," as Nadella writes.
Given this timeframe, "Phil's boss at the time" would likely have been Don Mattrick, the former head of Microsoft's Xbox division. In mid-2013, Mattrick left Microsoft to accept a role as CEO of social games company Zynga. Mattrick's move left Xbox without a formal leader until mid-2014, when Nadella appointed Spencer to the role.
Phil Spencer More
Nadella praises Spencer's pursuit of the Mojang deal: "For some, such a visible, high-level rejection could have been withering, but Phil didn't give up." In mid-2014, when Nadella was CEO and Spencer was head of Xbox, the opportunity to buy Mojang presented itself once again, and the final deal was struck.
In any case, Nadella writes that he's more than pleased with the acquisition of Minecraft, by way of Mojang. It's tremendously popular, and it teaches important skills to school-age children, writes Nadella. Even Microsoft's former CEOs, who were skeptical at the time, have come around, he says.
"Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer, who were still on the board when the deal was presented, later laughed and said they had initially scratched their heads, failing to understand the wisdom of the move," writes Nadella. "Now they get it."
NOW WATCH: How to take a screenshot on a Mac — and 15 other useful keyboard shortcuts
More From Business Insider
For the second straight June, Oakland native and ESPN producer Amina Hussein finds herself working an NBA Finals that involves the Warriors — the team she held close to her heart as a kid.
So does it feel “old hat” by now? Not for a minute.
“I still have to pinch myself. To come back home again for the Finals is just a really amazing, exciting — even surreal — time for me,” she says during a chat in an ESPN production trailer outside Oracle Arena.
Hussein, who stands 6-foot-1 in her stylish Air Jordans, was a jump-shooting hoops star at Holy Names High School — she calls herself the “original stretch-4” — and had a Run-TMC (the slogan inspired by Tim Hardaway, Mitch Richmond and Chris Mullin in an earlier era) in a poster on her bedroom wall.
Before landing at ESPN, she worked for Bay Area sports radio station KNBR, logging many hours at Warriors games. Now she serves as the coordinating producer for the NBA pregame and halftime shows on ESPN and ABC with host Sage Steele and analysts Jalen Rose and Doug Collins.
“My staff teases me because, if you walk through Oracle Arena with me, it takes a half-hour longer than usual to get from one side of the court to the other because I stop to visit a bunch of people I know,” she says. “It's like a family reunion — people saying, ‘Hey girl!' and hugging everybody.”
Like any seasoned Warriors fan, Hussein remembers the lean times — brutal memories that make the remarkable current success even sweeter.
“My brother and I had a huge laugh the other night recalling the team's marketing motto back in the early 2000s — ‘It's a Great Time Out,'” she says. “It was like: ‘Come see Kobe Bryant and the Lakers. Hear our band play. See our mascot.' … We're going to sell everything but the actual team.”
Hussein admits she has some difficulty maintaining her “journalistic integrity” during the NBA Finals and counts on her staff to keep her in check. One staff member, however, is an associate producer who was born and raised in Cleveland. It makes for some touchy moments.
“We don't speak very much during the Finals,” she says with a smile. “We talk about the job at hand. During the games, we'll glance at each other, but not say anything. It's too emotional.”
Follow Chuck Barney at Twitter.com/chuckbarney and Facebook.com/bayareanewsgroup.chuckbarney.
LAKE FOREST, Ill. — Desperate to give their rookie quarterback a reliable weapon at wide receiver, the Bears made a rare mid-season trade Wednesday, sending a conditional seventh round pick to the Chargers in exchange for 28-year-old Dontrelle Inman. We'll start this week's 10 Bears Things on that topic, before diving into a very interesting matchup against the Saints this weekend:
1. Expectations for Inman should be held in check, but he can't hurt the Bears' current wide receiver situation. Inman is a former undrafted free agent who came out of Virginia in 2011, spent a couple years in the Canadian Football League, and didn't really break out until last season when he caught 58 passes for 810 yards and four touchdowns. Those are modest numbers, but numbers the Bears can use right now.
“I have watched some tape on him, obviously, when this thing was going down,” offensive coordinator Dowell Loggains said Wednesday. “I just saw a smart, savvy player that should be able to provide some leadership in our room and we need that type of figure right now to help these guys out.”
Hoge & Jahns, Episode 125: Week 8 Bears, NFL Preview
The Bears need more reliability from their receivers (more on that in Thing No. 2) and they're hoping Inman can be someone Mitchell Trubisky can trust. Inman comes to Chicago in the mold of Cam Meredith, with almost the exact same size (6-3, 205) and similar route-running ability. By giving up just a conditional 2018 draft pick, general manager Ryan Pace is likely hoping he can get a little boost from a player who might still be ascending. Of course, it's quite possible 2016 might have been the peak of Inman's career.
So how quickly can Inman help? It's a great question. Being active Sunday in New Orleans seems like a stretch considering Inman has to learn the playbook. He also was dealing with a hamstring injury two weeks ago and was inactive in the Chargers' last two games. Even if he is active Sunday, it would be unfair to expect immediate production. But with the bye week looming, the Bears are likely expecting Inman to be a factor against the Packers in Week 10.
2. Without mentioning names, Loggains was critical of both Tre McBride and Tanner Gentry, and in both cases, the comments helped explain the trade for Inman.
The criticism of McBride came in response to one of Trubisky's few mistakes against the Panthers — the sack he took on third down that pushed the Bears out of field goal range.
“We called a double move and were trying to take a shot on the corner and Mitchell hung on the double move too long and should have dumped it down to Zach. We would've made the field goal shorter,” Loggains said.
McBride was the receiver running the double move.
“You know (Trubisky) did a good job of hanging onto the ball, but it's being aggressive and understanding the timing of the play and saying, ‘Okay, (McBride) didn't win clean and it wasn't a great route,' He should just check that thing down and we kick a shorter field goal there.”
Loggains is being kind about the route. As you can see on the coaches' film, McBride was completely stonewalled (top of the screen).
For what it's worth, here's a double move Inman ran against the Houston Texans last season (sidenote: that's Quintin Demps who bit on the move):
Meanwhile, when asked about Inman, Loggains made mention of Gentry's illegal formation penalty against the Panthers.
“Those things can't happen. We have to eliminate those things,” Loggains said. “Maybe another veteran presence in the room and a guy that's played in the NFL, played with a good quarterback, that's going to help everyone. That's going to help that group.”
3. It will be interesting to see if Inman helps or hurts Kendall Wright. Wright has been the team's best receiver, but he barely played Sunday because Loggains thinks he's best in the slot and the Bears used so few three-receiver sets.
“When you're in the bigger groupings and trying to play to your strengths that way it does limit some of the things (Wright) does,” Loggains said. “The last two weeks we've chosen to do some no-huddle stuff on third down to kind of help Mitchell. So, it has limited some of Kendall's touches and those things. But those will go up as the year goes. I'm not worried about it at this point. He's not either. I think he's a good receiver for us and we'll keep using him.”
Perhaps Inman's presence will increase the amount of three-receiver sets and take some attention off of Wright from a defensive standpoint. On the other hand, Inman is a guy who has also had success in the slot, but will likely have to play more outside for the Bears. With Tarik Cohen in the mix too, it's not like the Bears need another slot receiver.
Wright's snap count will be worth watching going forward. The excuses for his lack of playing time only carry so much weight. When your best wide receiver is only on the field for eight of 38 snaps, it makes you wonder if there's something else going on — especially when the two guys playing in front of him have one combined catch the last two weeks.
4. One question I've been wondering: Does Trubisky have the freedom to make checks/changes at the line or scrimmage or is that something he still has to earn? I asked Loggains that question Wednesday and this was his answer:
“No, it's not at all something he has to earn. There have been a couple things that have come up, and obviously you guys don't get to see that stuff, but he's done a really good job with the protection checks. One comment on the delay of game (against the Panthers): we need to help him as a coaching staff, and use a timeout there. We made a wrong call up front. He knew it. You see his eyes scanning. He knew it was about to be hot right there. We tell him, ‘Hey, right there, we need to help you burn the timeout, or call the timeout yourself right there in that situation.' We were about to be in a bad play, and he made multiple protection checks early in the game. The third downplay, the first third down he threw to Tarik on the wheel route, that was a check as well. He's doing those things, and he's handling them well.”
5. Considering how well the Bears' defense is playing, it's shocking to see the Saints favored by nine points Sunday. John Fox's team has been the underdog in all eight weeks so far, but is 5-2 against the spread. I don't bring this up for gambling purposes, but rather to show that their defense has kept the games close. The 29-7 loss to the Buccaneers and 35-14 loss to the Packers were a result of Mike Glennon turning the ball over seven times, and he is no longer the quarterback. Trubisky has just two turnovers in three games and one of those was on a blindsided sack he didn't see coming. For the most part, he's taking care of the football.
Logic would say the Bears' defense will keep this game close and as long as Trubisky doesn't start giving the ball away, this one shouldn't get out of hand. But what's interesting is that the computer models love the Saints. SportsLine's projection model calls for an 11-point win with 76 percent of simulations backing New Orleans.
Of course, it's not really shocking that the computers don't love the Bears. Not many NFL teams win football games when their quarterback only completes four passes. Even Navy and Georgia Tech think that's ridiculous.
Football Outsiders' DVOA (Defense-adjusted Value Over Average) system shows a pretty big disparity between the Saints (5th) and Bears (27th). If you're unfamiliar with DVOA, it breaks down every single play in the entire season and compares a team's performance to the league average based on situation. They also spit out an estimated win total based on the amount of weeks that have been played, and the Saints lead the league with an estimated 6.6 wins over seven weeks, while the Bears rank 27th with 1.8 estimated wins.
In reality, the Bears have three wins, which proves you can outperform the analytics, but I present all this data simply to show some reasoning behind the Saints being such heavy favorites.
6. Some other numbers you might find interesting: Based on real wins and losses, the Bears have actually played the fifth toughest schedule in the NFL and rank No. 3 in Strength of Victory, which accounts for the winning percentage of the teams they beat.
The Saints, meanwhile, having played the toughest schedule in the league and their Strength of Victory ranks No. 2.
7. While the data suggests the Saints are really good, they're not nearly as impressive on tape. The defense is overrated in my opinion and getting hyped up simply because its been so bad in recent years. The Saints allowed Packers rookie running back Aaron Jones to run for 131 yards on just 17 carries last week, including a 46-yard touchdown. It was a comfortable 26-17 win for New Orleans, but Brett Hundley was not good and it felt like the Packers would have easily won the game had Aaron Rodgers played.
Meanwhile, the Saints' 52-38 win against Detroit two weeks ago was a bizarre game. The Lions — and Matthew Stafford — were horrendous, turning the ball over five times leading to three defensive scores for the Saints. And New Orleans was plenty sloppy too, turning the ball over three times while nearly allowing the Lions to erase a 45-10 deficit.
And, again, on paper, the Saints' 20-0 win over the Dolphins in London looks impressive, but Jay Cutler and the Miami offense was a mess at that time.
I'm not trying to suggest the Saints' four-game winning streak is a fluke, but I am trying to suggest they are beatable. That said, I am very impressed with the fundamentally-sound football they are playing. The Saints are extremely balanced on offense, they protect Brees well (only five sacks) and they take care of the football (although Brees has thrown two interceptions in each of the last two games). Mark Ingram and Alvin Kamara are a formidable rushing duo, similar to Jordan Howard and Tarik Cohen. And on defense, the Saints bat a ton of passes down, which is something Trubisky is going to have to worry about.
I suspect the Saints will get into the end zone a couple of times Sunday, even though the Bears haven't allowed an offensive touchdown in their last two games. I also think Howard and Cohen can find room to run on this defense, and assuming the Saints stack the box, Trubisky will have a chance to make some plays. He very well may decide this football game.
8. Sunday's game will mark an interesting homecoming for Akiem Hicks, who was drafted and developed by the Saints before getting traded to the Patriots in 2015. Hicks has not been shy about his displeasure with that trade, even though it put him in a better spot to succeed and eventually land in the perfect position with the Bears, where he just signed a four-year, $48 million extension.
“Obviously I'm happy to see the success he's having, albeit I wish it was here,” Saints head coach Sean Payton said Wednesday on a conference call.
Payton listed Hicks alongside Rob Ninkovich and Malcolm Jenkins as players he “regrets allowing to leave the building,” but the reality is that Hicks was playing out of position as a 4-3 defensive end with the Saints when he was traded. Payton said Hicks “is right in the perfect position right now.”
The much more effective 3-4 defensive end doesn't like to talk about the Saints much. Asked Monday what kind of impression Drew Brees left on him, Hicks said: “I don't really talk about Drew Brees. Nothing to say about him.”
Something tells me Hicks is poised for a big game Sunday, which is scary considering he's already an NFL Defensive Player of the Year candidate. To make matters worse for the Saints, right guard Larry Warford is expected to miss the game because of an abdomen injury.
9. This is also a reunion for general manager Ryan Pace and director of player personnel Josh Lucas, who were hired away from the Saints. Pace was with the Saints for 14 years before getting the GM job with the Bears. Lucas was in New Orleans for 10 years.
“Man, there's more people there and here that have worked together, it would be crazy to keep tabs of,” Payton said.
Payton and Fox are close friends and Bears tight ends coach Frank Smith spent five seasons on the Saints staff before coming to Chicago.
10. Carl Cheffers is the referee for Sunday's game in New Orleans. Justin Kutcher and Chris Spielman have the call on FOX.
Adam Hoge covers the Chicago Bears for WGN Radio and WGNRadio.com. He also co-hosts The Beat, weekends on 720 WGN. Follow him on Twitter at @AdamHoge.
JWD Profile Blog Joined October 2007 United States 12588 Posts Last Edited: 2009-07-29 16:52:51 #1
SC2GG Starleague
Ro8: A while back I decided to compile IdrA's match record in recent foreigner tournaments, for purposes of argument in this month-old thread (which, coincidentally, was bumped as I was writing this post). Here's an updated list of all of IdrA's recent match (BoX) results, for all you curious fans out there (tournaments are in no particular order):Ro8: WIN 2>0 Oystein
Ro4: 2>0 OysteinRo4: WIN 3>1 Xiaozi
Final: 3>1 XiaoziFinal: WIN 3>2 Yayba
Ansadi Starleague
Ro32: 3>2 YaybaRo32: WIN 2>0 SarenS
Ro16: 2>0 SarenSRo16: WIN 2>0 Enivid
Ro8: 2>0 EnividRo8: WIN 2>0 ret
Ro4: 2>0 retRo4: LOSS 2<4 PJ
Valor Tournament
Ro32: 2<4 PJRo32: WIN 2>1 MaNa
Ro16: 2>1 MaNaRo16: WIN 2>0 Tarson
Ro8: 2>0 TarsonRo8: WIN 2>1 CastrO
Ro4: 2>1 CastrORo4: WIN 3>1 Brat_OK
Final: 3>1 Brat_OKFinal: WIN 4>0 Fenix
ESL Major Series
Ro8: 4>0 FenixRo8: WIN 3>0 Mondragon
WB Ro4: 3>0 MondragonWB Ro4: WIN 3>0 Arew
WB Final: 3>0 ArewWB Final: WIN 3>2 ret
Final: vs. ret on Sunday
ESWC Asia Masters American Qualifier
WB Ro16: 3>2 retFinal: vs. ret on SundayWB Ro16: WIN 2>0 iNcontroL
WB Ro8: 2>0 iNcontroLWB Ro8: WIN 2>0 Machine
WB Ro4: 2>0 MachineWB Ro4: WIN 2>1 Dinot
WB Final: 2>1 DinotWB Final: WIN 2>1 Fenix
Final: 2>1 FenixFinal: WIN 2>2 Fenix
ESWC Asia Masters
Match 1: 2>2 FenixMatch 1: LOSS 1<2 White-Ra
LB Match 1: 1<2 White-RaLB Match 1: WIN 2>1 Super
LB Match 2: 2>1 SuperLB Match 2: WIN 2>0 Tossgirl
Final: 2>0 TossgirlFinal: WIN 3>0 White-Ra
Zotac Cup 2
Ro8: 3>0 White-RaRo8: WIN 2>0 MaNa
Ro4: 2>0 MaNaRo4: WIN 2>1 Yoon
Final: 2>1 YoonFinal: WIN 3>1 DIMAGA
Zotac Cup 8
Ro8: 3>1 DIMAGARo8: WIN 2>0 Fenix
Ro4: 2>0 FenixRo4: WIN 2>0 ASL-Radio (?)
Final: 2>0 ASL-Radio (?)Final: WIN 3>0 ret
Zotac Cup 9
Ro8: 3>0 retRo8: WIN 2>1 Yayba
Ro4: 2>1 YaybaRo4: WIN 2>0 Shudo (?)
Final: 2>0 Shudo (?)Final: WIN 3>0 JF
The Highlander
Ro32: 3>0 JFRo32: WIN 2>1 DIMAGA
Ro16: 2>1 DIMAGARo16: WIN 2>1 CastrO
Ro8: vs. Xiaozi
Fun facts:
With the exception of the Ansadi Starleague, IdrA has won, or is still alive in, every major non-Korean event since, and including, ESWC.
Barring an exit in Bo1s that I missed or an unknown smurf, IdrA has won every Zotac Cup that he has participated in.
IdrA's record across these matches is 81-24 (80%).
2>1 CastrORo8: vs. XiaoziFun facts: ✌
d1v Profile Blog Joined September 2007 Sweden 868 Posts #2 I wonder when he's reached the point where he just has to be excluded from foreign tournaments because he's playing in another league. IMHO, this is going to happen pretty soon.. Adams Æbler
Tehinf Profile Joined September 2008 United States 192 Posts #3 i remember some caster saying that it's idra's turn to win everything, like how JF was a while ago "Good, better, best. Never let it rest until your good is better, and your better is best."
Perguvious Profile Blog Joined November 2008 United States 1770 Posts #4 -______________- imba practice partners
JWD Profile Blog Joined October 2007 United States 12588 Posts #5 On July 29 2009 13:54 Tehinf wrote:
i remember some caster saying that it's idra's turn to win everything, like how JF was a while ago
No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.
(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.) No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.) ✌
IntoTheWow Profile Blog Joined May 2004 is awesome 31362 Posts #6 Why would you ban Idra? I don't think anyone banned draco, or madcow, or pj or lx while they were in korea? Moderator
justiceknight Profile Blog Joined May 2008 Singapore 3773 Posts #7 its good news that idra won cos i wanna see him representing in CJ's PL in future,or perhaps some big stage just to watch idra pwning ppl
Roffles Profile Blog Joined April 2007 Pitcairn 16460 Posts #8 On July 29 2009 13:56 JWD wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 29 2009 13:54 Tehinf wrote:
i remember some caster saying that it's idra's turn to win everything, like how JF was a while ago
No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.
(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.) No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.)
Then again, IdrA gets to practice with CJ Entus, JF practiced with who knows? Then again, IdrA gets to practice with CJ Entus, JF practiced with who knows? God Bless
Boblion Profile Blog Joined May 2007 France 8032 Posts #9 Well it would have been disappointing if he wasn't able to produce results vs this kind of not too hard competition ( sry foreigners :p )
He is a pro playing amateur afterall. fuck all those elitists brb watching streams of elite players.
Avidkeystamper Profile Blog Joined June 2008 United States 8551 Posts Last Edited: 2009-07-29 05:05:08 #10 Um, it's not like IdrA was randomly chosen to go to Korea. He was given a chance to, and given his circumstances, he could. Some people have to refuse to go because of personal issues, and so won't participate in those few tournaments that allowed them to go to Korea.
He deserved, you guys are all acting like he stumbled upon the CJ and they're freely bestowing him with SC prowess. Jaedong
Tehinf Profile Joined September 2008 United States 192 Posts #11 my god i just clicked on the bracket link, i think i filled out my bracket wrong.. "Good, better, best. Never let it rest until your good is better, and your better is best."
JWD Profile Blog Joined October 2007 United States 12588 Posts Last Edited: 2009-07-29 05:02:53 #12 When IdrA didn't show great results in TSL and vs. F91 in Liquibition, he was bashed for not making good on his time as a professional gamer. And now that he actually is showing great results, his critics act like this is what they expected all along.
I think IdrA's recent performance is wicked impressive, even considering all of the advantages that come from playing for CJ. ✌
Bosu Profile Blog Joined June 2008 United States 3176 Posts #13 On July 29 2009 13:57 Roffles wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 29 2009 13:56 JWD wrote:
On July 29 2009 13:54 Tehinf wrote:
i remember some caster saying that it's idra's turn to win everything, like how JF was a while ago
No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.
(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.) No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.)
Then again, IdrA gets to practice with CJ Entus, JF practiced with who knows? Then again, IdrA gets to practice with CJ Entus, JF practiced with who knows?
Then again?
They were not even talking about the circumstances of which why Idra is more dominant. Just that his dominance is on a higher level. Then again?They were not even talking about the circumstances of which why Idra is more dominant. Just that his dominance is on a higher level. #1 Kwanro Fan
Artosis Profile Blog Joined June 2004 United States 2111 Posts #14 dont forget he won the north/south american ESWC qualifier, a very hard run with players like fenix/dinot/eg members. Commentator http://twitter.com/Artosis
JWD Profile Blog Joined October 2007 United States 12588 Posts Last Edited: 2009-07-29 05:10:17 #15 On July 29 2009 14:03 Artosis wrote:
dont forget he won the north/south american ESWC qualifier, a very hard run with players like fenix/dinot/eg members.
Oh good call Artosis, I'll look for results and edit this in added! Oh good call Artosis,added! ✌
Etherone Profile Blog Joined November 2008 United States 1897 Posts #16 On July 29 2009 13:57 Roffles wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 29 2009 13:56 JWD wrote:
On July 29 2009 13:54 Tehinf wrote:
i remember some caster saying that it's idra's turn to win everything, like how JF was a while ago
No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.
(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.) No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.)
Then again, IdrA gets to practice with CJ Entus, JF practiced with who knows? Then again, IdrA gets to practice with CJ Entus, JF practiced with who knows?
soda FTW.
it's not only that he has good partners, it's the whole environment he is in, which kind of makes him the only one who should be winning.
soda FTW.it's not only that he has good partners, it's the whole environment he is in, which kind of makes him the only one who should be winning.
Artosis Profile Blog Joined June 2004 United States 2111 Posts #17 btw, thx JWD for outlining this. i hope all the haters who were flaming me for calling him the foriegn bonjwa in mumbo jumbo read this. artosis always speaks the truth thx. Commentator http://twitter.com/Artosis
SonuvBob Profile Blog Joined October 2006 Aiur 21211 Posts #18 Should total up his prize money too. Administrator
Marine50 Profile Joined September 2007 Australia 1762 Posts #19 On July 29 2009 14:03 Etherone wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 29 2009 13:57 Roffles wrote:
On July 29 2009 13:56 JWD wrote:
On July 29 2009 13:54 Tehinf wrote:
i remember some caster saying that it's idra's turn to win everything, like how JF was a while ago
No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.
(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.) No offense to JF, but he was never dominant on this scale.(Then again, at JF's peak (around TSL time) there were far fewer tournaments for him to play in.)
Then again, IdrA gets to practice with CJ Entus, JF practiced with who knows? Then again, IdrA gets to practice with CJ Entus, JF practiced with who knows?
soda FTW.
it's not only that he has good partners, it's the whole environment he is in, which kind of makes him the only one who should be winning.
soda FTW.it's not only that he has good partners, it's the whole environment he is in, which kind of makes him the only one who should be winning.
Agreed. Idra should be winning all these and good for him. He would be putting in a lot more practice and effort then everyone else. Complete dominance at the moment from Idra. very impressed Agreed. Idra should be winning all these and good for him. He would be putting in a lot more practice and effort then everyone else. Complete dominance at the moment from Idra. very impressed IRIS FIGHTING!!! >> Flash >> Stork >> Jaedong >> the rest
Lemonwalrus Profile Blog Joined August 2006 United States 5463 Posts #20 I think until he plays a televised game for CJ he is still technically a foreigner, at least imo. <Aesop> then you can just divide by esports | <boesdropSAD> i want to fuck to black metal | <Hurricane|> I like 9 year old
<TorteDeBanned> I would love to do it with 2-3 guys here~ | <Coagulation> you sound like your unhappy i nailed your GF
1 2 3 Next All
Roughing It in the Bush (Full title: Roughing It in The Bush: or, Forest Life in Canada) is an account of life as a Canadian settler by Susanna Moodie. Moodie immigrated to Upper Canada (soon to become Canada West), near modern-day Peterborough, Ontario during the 1830s. At the suggestion of her editor, she wrote a "guide" to settler life for British subjects considering coming to Canada. Roughing It in the Bush was first published in London in 1852 (then Toronto in 1871). It was Moodie's most successful literary work. The work is part memoir, part novelization of her experiences, and is structured as a chronological series of sketches.
Immigration to Canada [ edit ]
Publisher Richard Bentley's foreword to the third edition published in London in 1854 describes the "Canadian mania" that "pervaded the middle ranks of British society" in the 1830s. Immigrants paid a hefty fee to ship's agents who took them across the Atlantic, and these agents did their best to drum up business by marketing Canada as a British emigrant's utopia:
Canada became the great land-mark for the rich in hope and poor in purse. Public newspapers and private letters teemed with the unheard-of advantages to be derived from a settlement in this highly-favoured region. Its salubrious climate, its fertile soil, commercial advantages, great water privileges, its proximity to the mother country, and last, not least, its almost total exemption from taxation—that bugbear which keeps honest John Bull in a state of constant ferment—were the theme of every tongue, and lauded beyond all praise. The general interest, once excited, was industriously kept alive by pamphlets, published by interested parties, which prominently set forth all the good to be derived from a settlement in the Backwoods of Canada; while they carefully concealed the toil and hardship to be endured in order to secure these advantages.[1]
Susanna Moodie was raised in a solidly middle-class family in rural, coastal Suffolk. By the 1830s, emigration from England to its colonies, including Canada, had become a popular option for the ambitious and the adventurous seeking to improve their fortunes. Moodie came to Canada in 1832 with her husband John and daughter. Her sister, Catherine Parr Traill, came to Canada at about the same time, as did Susanna and Catherine's brother, Samuel Strickland. Between 1832-1834, Susanna and Catherine's families settled on adjacent bush farms along the eastern shore of Lake Katchewanooka, immediately north of present-day Lakefield near Peterborough, Ontario.[2]
Roughing It in the Bush [ edit ]
Roughing It in the Bush was part of a trilogy Moodie wrote to chronicle the immigrant experience in Canada. The other works that complete the trilogy are Flora Lyndsay (1854), a prequel that describes the initial preparations for immigration, and an exploration of Canadian towns and institutions in Life in the Clearings (1853). Moodie's publishing background in Canada consisted of short contributions to periodicals. She contributed to The Literary Garland of Montreal beginning in late 1838. She was one of the principal contributors over the next 12 years, publishing "serialized novels based on English life, several of them expansions of earlier short work, poems on Old World and Canadian subjects, and most important, a series of six "Canadian Sketches" that formed the nucleus of Roughing It in the Bush."[3]
Moodie's account of the hardships of settler life contrasted sharply against the image conjured by the British advertisers. Moodie's tone is frank, and her style is vividly descriptive:
The conduct of many of the settlers, who considered themselves gentlemen, and would have been very much affronted to have been called otherwise, was often more reprehensible than that of the poor Irish emigrants, to whom they should have set an example of order and sobriety. The behaviour of these young men drew upon them the severe but just censures of the poorer class, whom they regarded in every way as their inferiors. "That blackguard calls himself a gentleman. In what respect is he better than us?" was an observation too frequently made use of at these gatherings. To see a bad man in the very worst point of view, follow him to a bee: be he profane, licentious, quarrelsome, or a rogue, all his native wickedness will be fully developed there. (Chapter 7, Our Logging Bee)
Disorientation in a new environment, the dirty and exhausting physical demands of land-clearing and house raising, and the gossip and friction amongst the new settlers are explored in detail. Moodie added touches of humour, but there is an underlying irony to such passages, emphasizing the disconnect between immigrant illusions and Canadian realities. Moodie's treatment of the settler experience differed from the works published by her sister, Catharine Parr Traill. The Backwoods of Canada (1836), by Traill, presents a more "pragmatic and optimistic" account, stressing the "scientific" and the "factual" examination of settlement realities.[4]
Reception [ edit ]
Roughing It in the Bush was well received by the public when it was published in the 1850s, with several editions being produced in both Britain and the United States. It was not until 1871 that the book was published in Canada, and Moodie was disappointed with its reception there. She was subject to some criticism, such as charges of anti-Canadian and anti-Irish bias, which she felt obliged to address in Life in the Clearings, where she asserts her love for the country resulting from the years of "comfort and peace" she had enjoyed since leaving the bush".[5] Moodie's work remains a canonical work of Canadian literature, and is valued as much for its historic and cultural significance as for its literary merit.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Michael Brown, the unarmed teenager killed by a police officer in the Missouri city of Ferguson, was shot multiple times and finally felled by a mortal wound to the head, according to a preliminary autopsy and an account of the shooting provided by the officer, Darren Wilson.
The disclosures came on a night marred by shootings and clashes between protesters and police, the worst in eight days of turmoil, which terrified residents and left Ferguson resembling a war zone.
A violent altercation between protesters at around 9pm, which left a woman with a gunshot wound, triggered a swift response from police who had been preparing to enforce a curfew at midnight.
Officers fired multiple rounds of tear-gas and swept into the centre of Ferguson, prompting chaotic scenes as protesters and onlookers tried to flee. There were no immediate details about casualties.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A woman has her face doused with milk after suffering the effects of tear gas used by police in Ferguson on Sunday night. Photograph: Joshua Lott/Getty Images
Sunday's revelation of an autopsy report of the 9 August killing, which has polarised opinion across the US, threatened to inflame tensions further. Brown, 18, was shot at least six times, including twice in the head, according to a preliminary private autopsy performed on behalf of his family on Sunday, the New York Times reported.
One of the bullets entered the top of the skull, suggesting his head was bent forward when it struck and caused a fatal injury, according to Michael Baden, a former chief medical examiner for the City of New York. He flew to Missouri at the family's request to conduct the autopsy, which follows an earlier examination carried out for St Louis County, which is investigating the killing.
Tear gas and smoke fills the air as unrest continued in Ferguson, Missouri on Sunday night. Photograph: Joshua Lott/Getty Images
Baden said it was probably the last bullet to hit the teenager. Brown was also shot four times in the right arm. All bullets were fired into his front, the examiner concluded.
The absence of gunpowder on the body suggested the bullets were not fired from close range. That determination could change if there was gunshot residue on Brown's clothing, to which Baden did not have access, he told the New York Times.
The autopsy's revelaton that Brown was shot in the head mirrored Wilson's account of the disputed incident, when he encountered Brown walking in the middle of a street in Ferguson with a friend, Dorian Johnson.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A protester runs through a clowd of tear gas in Ferguson, Missouri. Photograph: Scott Olson/Getty Images
Wilson has not spoken publicly but a friend of the family, who declined to be named, told the Guardian that the officer admits he shot Brown in the head. However, his version of events contradicts aspects of the accounts given by some other eyewitnesses, including Dorian Johnson.
There appears to be little dispute that an altercation took place when Wilson encountered Brown and Johnson, shortly after a robbery at a convenience store. Brown then made off, but quickly turned back.
In Wilson's version, Brown was moving towards the officer in a threatening manner when he was shot. The autopsy concludes that all the shots were fired from the front.
Wilson's account is that Brown continued to move towards him even after the first shots were fired, and did not stop until suffering a mortal wound to the head. “He just kept coming,” the friend said, characterising Wilson's account.
The Department of Justice, which is leading a civil-rights investigation into the killing, on Sunday took the unusual step of ordering a federal medical examiner to conduct a third autopsy on Brown's body. A spokesman for Eric Holder, the attorney general, cited the “extraordinary circumstances” of the case for the decision.
Both sides in what is becoming an increasingly incendiary and politicised story are likely to offer different interpretations: that Wilson fired in self-defence; or that six bullets showed excessive force.
Friends of Wilson and his girlfriend, Barbara Spradling, also a Ferguson police officer, have expressed concern about the racial and institutional politics involved, worrying that the charged environment may unduly influence the case.
In addition to concerns for their safety, friends of Spradling and Wilson believe his reputation has been unfairly tarnished by a rush to judgment from the media and some members of the public.
One friend of Spradling believes the legitimacy of any evidence supporting Wilson's version of events will be questioned by protesters.
Sunday night's mayhem further poisoned the toxic relationship between police and Ferguson residents. It also raises urgent questions about Governor Jay Nixon's decision on Saturday to declare a state of emergency and impose a midnight-to-5am curfew.
A coalition of civil rights groups condemned the move. The American Civil Liberties Union, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the Legal Defense and Education Fund and the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law said the order violated the constitutional right to free assembly.
The order fell short of legal requirements to define the area affected by the curfew, the groups said. “People have a right to know when and where their conduct is lawful under all circumstances, but especially when the government is restricting activities that are protected by the first amendment,” their statement read. “Restricting this most fundamental of all American values is not a solution to the problems in Ferguson.”
In St Louis, a crowd of about 150 people gathered in support of Wilson. Some wielded placards with messages defending the 28-year-old officer and his family, during the early-evening demonstration.
“He was doing his job,” said Kaycee Reinisch, 57, of Lincoln County, Missouri. “And now because of public uproar in Ferguson, he is being victimised. He is being victimised by the whole city, the state and the federal government.” Reinisch said she had relations in law enforcement who would be “frightened to do their jobs” if Wilson were punished for the incident.
Earlier on Sunday Brown's parents held a memorial service for their son at the Greater Grace Church. The veteran civil rights leader Al Sharpton told the packed congregation that the response to the death was a crucial test for US policing. “This is the defining moment in this country. All over the world, the debate is how the rights of people are dealt with by the state,” he said.
Facebook Inc. claims its ads have the potential to reach more people than recent U.S. census data shows exist, and that's troublesome for one analyst, who thinks third-party measurement services stand to benefit.
Recently, Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser was intrigued by a trade publication study in Australia that said Facebook FB, -0.30% was claiming to reach 1.7 million more 16- to 39-year olds than actually existed in the country, according to Australian census data.
In reproducing the study for the U.S., Wieser said Facebook's Ads Manager claims it can potentially reach 41 million 18- to 24-year-olds, 60 million 25- to 34-year-olds, and 61 million 35- to 49-year-olds. The problem arises when Wieser pulls up U.S. Census data from a year ago, showing 31 million 18- to 24-year-olds, 45 million 25- to 34-year-olds, and 61 million 35- to 49-year-olds.
The upshot: Where is Facebook getting the extra 25 million 18- to 34-year-olds that the U.S. census did not count?
“Conversations with agency executives on this topic indicate to us that the gap between Facebook and census figures is not widely known,” Wieser said. “While Facebook's measurement issues won't necessarily deter advertisers from spending money with Facebook, they will help traditional TV sellers justify existing budget shares and could restrain Facebook's growth in video ad sales on the margins.”
In August, Facebook launched Watch, a service aimed at featuring original video content in hopes of tapping into TV advertising revenue.
One beneficiary from the numbers confusion could be Nielsen Holdings PLC NLSN, -0.70% whose potential audience numbers are much more aligned with U.S. census data.
“We think that awareness of general measurement issues causes larger advertisers to require the use of third-party measurement services, including Nielsen's DAR and comScore's vCE, to provide the basis against which Facebook is paid,” Wieser said.
Wieser is one of the very few Facebook bears among analysts. Of 44 analysts with ratings on Facebook, only Wieser and Société Générale's Simon Baker have sell ratings on the stock, according to FactSet data. Wieser has a hold rating on Nielsen.
In a statement, a Facebook spokeswoman said that its estimates “are based on a number of factors, including Facebook user behaviors, user demographics, location data from devices, and other factors.”
“They are not designed to match population or census estimates,” Facebook said.
Opinion: Facebook's video-ad scandal shows the company's disdain for advertisers, users
Ad revenue growth at Facebook is expected to slow this year because the company plans to pull back on its increase of the number of ads in users' News Feeds while focusing more on video. The company is also dealing with software that allows desktop users to block ads, J.P. Morgan analyst Doug Anmuth wrote in a Tuesday note.
However, Anmuth feels these factors are already priced in, noting “we believe higher ad pricing, continued strong engagement, and new ad inventory should help offset slower ad load growth.”
In Facebook's earnings call in July, Chief Financial Officer David Wehner said that the company's average price per ad increased 24% in the second quarter from the year ago period.
Facebook shares rose 0.8% to close at $172.09 on Wednesday, their second highest closing price, just shy of the $172.45 record set on July 28. Shares are up nearly 50% year to date, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.08% has gained 10%.
This isn't the first time Facebook's metrics have caused a stir. Last year, ad buyers and marketers were upset after the social network apologized that one of its metrics for gauging video views had inflated the number of videos watched.
Also on Wednesday, Facebook said it traced ad sales of about $100,000 from Russian accounts, some linked to a so-called “troll farm” in St. Petersburg called the Internet Research Agency, over a two-year period that addressed divisive U.S. political issues.
To view the video, click here.
Brews and Geeks: The Rise of the Craft Brewing Scene
5280 Graphic of Craft Beer Equipment Hand-Me Downs
The quality of life of Colorado's Front Range and rich entrepreneurial history are among the powerful advantages the area has in attracting creative talent to its ever-growing startup scene. The Front Range boasts world class entrepreneurship scenes across several sectors. Yet different scenes often operate independently of one another.
This begs the question whether disparate startup scenes, such as the software and craft brewing sectors, might be able to learn from one another. With approximately 160 breweries currently fermenting (12 of which are in Boulder), Colorado boasts one of the best (if not the best) craft brewing scenes in the country. This network of breweries, like the multitude of tech companies that call Colorado home, make up a unique community with its own history, customs, ethos, and culture. However, though many in the tech community, including those at Silicon Flatirons, may enjoy a beer after a hard day of work, the interesting stories of the craft brewing scene are largely left outside our network.
Join Silicon Flatirons on June 20 for Brews & Geeks: A Tale of Two Entrepreneurship Scenes. This event will provide perspective about the origins and key moments of the software and craft brewing histories in the area. Moreover, it will compare and contrast norms and key ingredients of the software and craft brewing scenes in the Front Range today (e.g., what is the role of information sharing? How competitive are companies within the scene? Who are the leaders and what are their roles?). And finally, the event will compare and contrast what it takes to start and run a brewery versus what it takes to run a tech startup, including consideration of the process of creation and innovation in software and craft brewing.
Join us for an evening of interesting content, great networking, and, of course, beer.
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts Download the Graphics Package Choose a question to get started: 1 What is happening in terms of the distribution of income and wealth? 2 why? 3 Is that a problem?
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
A graphical look at Economic Inequality In three parts 1 2 3 Download this Fact Share this Fact
Look at economic data closely and the trends aren't pretty: People with elite backgrounds are hoovering up an increasing share of new income and wealth. Automation is obviating more and more jobs. In the years to come, we'll need new forms of employment. Let's crystal-ball this: Will there be a new way for the working class of the future to earn a paycheck? Sure. Playing videogames.
That's the bold prediction of Edward Castronova, an academic at Indiana University who studies the economics of online games. In a white paper released last fall, he argues that within 20 years, “playing games for money will come to be seen as a legitimate occupational choice for those whose skills are not valued by brick-and-mortar labor markets.”
Sounds nuts, right? But Castronova lays out the trend lines. First, consider how online games have evolved. Fifteen years ago you typically paid about $15 a month to play. But in the past decade, game companies have devised the free-to-play model: It costs nothing to join the action, but if you want something cool—specialty armor, a “mount” for traveling faster—you have to buy it. This model has been wildly profitable. A top-rated free-to-play title, like Clash Royale, now brings in about $2.1 million a day from such purchases.
Here's the thing, though: As with casinos, most of the revenue comes from “whales,” a tiny percentage of players who spend thousands annually. A study last spring by Swrve (a firm that helps companies market their in-game items) discovered that just 0.2 percent of players are responsible for 48 percent of all revenue. In effect, a small population of high-spending players is subsidizing the masses.
Castronova predicts that economic trends will force those subsidies to grow. Think about it: Automation will create huge masses of unemployed would-be factory workers. The superrich will number fewer and fewer and get richer and richer. Which means game companies will drift toward a virtual-world New Deal. They'll have to soak their whales more and more to stay in business, but keeping them happy will require making sure their worlds are vibrant communities. So the game companies need those low-spending, poorer folks to show up. Rich players don't want to play with bots; they crave the social fellowship of real humans. And they also enjoy the thrill of lording their socioeconomic status over others. (It's casino psychology again: “The big shots want to walk into a crowded casino and go into the high rollers' room,” Castronova says, “walking past a guy like me playing craps.”)
That means the game companies will have to underwrite poor players. In the next 10 years, the companies might issue reward cards, spendable in the real world. But eventually, 20 years on, the companies might find they need to pay to keep the proles alive and in the game.
Let's be clear. This would not be, as Castronova himself acknowledges, utopia. This would be game design via Marx's immiseration theory. “It's not a good life,” Castronova says—not merely because of the likely-skimpy wages, but because of the isolation. Now, low-skill gamers with few other work options might be happy enough at this work; as economist Erik Hurst has found, when today's non-college-educated men drop out of the workforce, they mostly play games anyway. “This feels like something that is going to happen,” says Mike Sellers, a veteran of free-to-play firms and a professor at Indiana University.
And I have a sinking feeling that Castronova is onto something. Political leaders are doing little to prepare the US for automation-propelled job loss. In that ab­sence, the market will chart its own path, and that makes schemes like this all too plausible. When it comes to the game of real-world economics, people have no choice but to play.
This article appears in the March issue. Subscribe now.
(CNN) -- The Gulf Coast Claims Facility "is fully functioning and will begin to process claims for emergency payment," a statement from the agency said on Monday, the same day BP reported having paid out $399 million in claims to date.
The independent group, headed by attorney Kenneth Feinberg, who handled the 9/11 victims' compensation fund, was established in June as part of an agreement between the Obama administration and BP to facilitate processing of the personal and business claims from those affected by the Gulf oil disaster stemming from the Deepwater Horizon explosion on April 20.
BP said last week that it was no longer accepting claims as the transition to the new entity was taking place. The oil giant, which said Monday that it has written 127,000 checks to pay $399 million in claims so far, will continue to handle claims put in by government entities.
BP said Monday that 27,000 claimants who filed paperwork have not yet been paid. According to the Gulf Coast Claims Facility statement, claims previously filed with the BP Claims Process have been transitioned to the new claims facility for review, evaluation and determination. However, claimants will be required to file new forms with the Gulf Coast Claims Facility to receive payments.
Feinberg, who now controls a $20 billion escrow account established by BP to compensate for damage, said in the statement, "I want to make sure the people in the Gulf understand we will not let you go out of business or lose your home. The No. 1 priority of the GCCF is to assist the people in the Gulf."
He added, "Now that the claim centers are open and ready for business, the goal will be to get the emergency six month payment checks out the door, within 48 hours for individuals, after receipt of the claim form and sufficient supporting documentation and no more than seven days for businesses, after receipt of claim form and supporting documentation, and help people on the path to rebuilding their lives."
To date, BP has funded $3 billion of the $20 billion total, ahead of its payment schedule.
In a conference call Sunday, Feinberg said he plans to be more generous than any court would be in determining payments. However, he said if potential claimants don't like the offer the Gulf Coast Claims Facility makes, and believe they can do better, they can file suit -- although he doesn't advise it.
"It is not in your interest to tie up you and the courts in years of uncertain, protracted litigation when there is an alternative that has been created," he said.
Feinberg stresed on Sunday that his facility is independent of both the government and BP. Claimants can file online, by fax, by mail or in person. All 35 of BP's claims offices will remain open, but will be staffed with newly trained workers with the goal of quickly and efficiently answering questions, Feinberg said.
On Monday, Feinberg is scheduled to hold three town hall meetings in Mississippi. Each site is also supposed to have people from the fund to help Mississippians file their claims and answer specific questions. The meetings are scheduled for Bay St. Louis, Biloxi, and Pascagoula.
Claimants can receive between one and six months' compensation without waiving their right to sue, Feinberg said. Only those who file for and receive a lump-sum payment later in the year will waive their right to litigate. Feinberg said it is still being determined whether those people will be required to release just BP, or other potential defendants, from lawsuits.
He said determining eligibility in some cases could be tricky. The farther a person or a business is from the Gulf, the less likely they are to be determined eligible. However, Feinberg said, proximity is only one factor that is being looked at. A shrimp processor located 100 miles inland that solely processes Gulf shrimp would be one example of a case where other factors come into play, he said.
"I don't want to underestimate the importance of proximity to the Gulf, but we'll have to be looking at the nature of your industry and how dependent you are on Gulf resources," he said. "I'm going to have to draw some tough lines, but I'm hoping I'll be able to enjoy the benefit of saying, 'If I haven't found you eligible, no court will find you eligible.'"
BP has done a pretty good job of claims payment in some cases, but has not been very effective in processing business claims, he said. Under his purview, "they may not always like their answer, but they'll get their answer within seven days."
He said he anticipates "a flood of early emergency claims" beginning Monday, but hopes the tide may be lessened by claimants' ability to file and track their claim processing online.
He said he plans to be transparent about budgets and payments, even his own compensation. A summary narrative on how adjusters will process claims has already been made public.
Asked about Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum's Friday letter to Feinberg criticizing the claims process under the Gulf Coast Claims Facility, Feinberg again emphasized that the program is voluntary.
McCollum said the program appears to be less generous to Floridians than the BP claims process, but "appearances are deceiving, and that is not the case," Feinberg said. He encouraged potential claimants to "test" the program and see how they will be treated.
While Gulf Coast residents are applying for payments onshore, offshore BP has renewed "fishing operations" on the sunken, crippled Macondo oil well, BP spokeswoman Catherine Hill said Monday.
As a prelude to permanently shutting down the well, crews are trying to withdraw drill pipe hanging below the bottom of the blowout preventer and remove it from the well, so they can then remove the capping stack that's kept oil from leaking since July 15 and replace the old blowout preventer with a new one.
Retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen, the government's point man in the region, said BP has determined there are three sections of drill pipe that need to be removed -- a main pipe and two shorter ones. The largest pipe is roughly 3,000 feet long. The government wants to preserve the removed pipe to use for study and possibly as evidence down the road.
Development Driller II, the rig drilling a second relief well as a redundancy measure, is completing preparations for its blowout preventer to be used on the Macondo well, while the Development Driller III -- the rig drilling the relief well expected to intercept the main well -- is standing by until that's done.
Once the blowout preventer is replaced to mitigate the risk of pressure in the well, it will take about four days to drill through the relief well and intercept the main well, based on statements from Allen. From that point, it will take another few days to permanently seal the well with mud and cement from below in what's called a "bottom kill" procedure.
Refuting the Mudgal probe panel's charge that no action was taken against an Indian cricket team player found guilty of violating code of conduct, the BCCI and its ousted chief N Srinivasan told SC Friday that the player was orally reprimanded as per rules, but the infraction was neither related to the IPL nor involved betting or fixing.
Advertising
While Srinivasan sought his re-instatement as the BCCI chief stating there was “absolutely nothing” in the Mudgal report to incriminate him, the cricketing body said the panel was “incorrect” in indicting him and other officials for not taking actions.
BCCI maintained the violation was “minor” and it took place at a time when Shashank Manohar, not Srinivasan, was the president, and Ranjib Biswal the manager. It attached with its reply a separate affidavit by Biswal, who concurred that the incident had happened during his tenure as the Indian team manager and that he had brought the violation to the notice of the then president, Manohar. Manohar asked him to call the concerned player and orally reprimand him in accordance with the BCCI rules. Keeping in view the nature of the allegations, the bonafide explanation offered by the player and also as to his age and antecedents, Biswal had reprimanded the player and sent a report to Manohar.
Srinivasan, who was at that time the honarary secretary of the BCCI said he had no role in the entire episode since the president had never instructed him to do anything on the issue and that he spoke to the said player, who had been duly warned.
Advertising
He added that the incident involving the player was not related to the IPL and also not in betting, match-fixing or any corrupt activity. “I may draw the attention of this court to the undertaking given by me and recorded in the order dated March 28, 2014 that I will not discharge my duties as BCCI president till the probe is concluded. There is no reason for me to continue to stay away from my elected position,” Srinivasan said. The court will hear the matter on Monday.
‘NO TRUTH, ONLY MALICE'
His affidavit added: “I have already lost close to the whole year of my elected term on the basis of wholly false and motivated charges. I pray that the honourable court discharge me from my undertaking and allow me resume my office and pass an appropriate order in this regard.”
The conclusions in the Mudgal report, Srinivasan said, vindicated his stand that all allegations of his involvement in the IPL corruption case were “false, baseless and motivated out of malice.”
India Cements has also filed its affidavit, stating any demand to cancel franchisee of Chennai Super Kings was “wholly misplaced” since Gurunath Meiyappan, Srinivasan's son-in-law who has been accused of betting in IPL, could not be characterised as a person who is an owner, being the ultimate controller of the franchisee owner company. India Cements also said Mudgal panel did not disclose the reasons for its finding that Meiyappan was a team official, which according to the firm was incorrect. It said he was neither a shareholder nor a director or an employee of the company. Meiyappan had also not drawn any salary from the CSK.
“As per IPL a norms disfranchising can be done only if the company of the franchisee or the owner of the franchisee violates relevant clauses,” it said, adding cancellation of the CSK franchise will result in serious consequences as Chennai was the most popular team in IPL and its players enjoyed huge popularity.
India Cements said that since no adverse inferences have been drawn against the India Cements by the panel, its officials should now be allowed to discharge any duties if assigned by the BCCI. By March 28 order, SC has restrained India Cements officials to take up any role till the conclusion of the probe. Srinivasan is the MD of India Cements.
Raj Kundra, co-owner of IPL team Rajasthan Royals, in his affidavit, said that he was a respectable member of the society, who has co-operated with the probe panels. He opposed the findings of the Mudgal panel that had held him guilty of betting and he violated the IPL anti-corruption code, contending it had adversely affected his reputation and cast aspersions on his integrity. Kundra said the Mudgal report had “inherent flaws” and did not give the materials, on the basis of which he was indicted.
Emphasising on the requirement of the access to all such incriminating materials, Kundra said that even at the time of the first report by the Mudgal panel, he had opposed the findings and had maintained that he was willing to transfer beneficial ownership of his shareholdings in Rajasthan Royals until such time a clean chit is given to him.
Rajasthan Royals has also filed its affidavit, saying there was no ground to terminate its franchise. It said that Kundra indirectly held only about 11 per cent stakes in the controlling entity while the remaining was held by three bigger groups. It added that Kundra was not even among the initial promoters when the franchise was created in 2008 and that he joined as an “investor” only in 2009.
Advertising
It also claimed that Kundra was not part of the management and he, directly or indirectly, never participated in bidding of players and the strategy adopted by the franchise for games. Meiyappan and IPL CEO Sundar Raman, who had also been issued notices, are expected to file their affidavits on Saturday.
FORT MYERS, Fla. - A Florida man left a 3-month-old baby and a 3-year-old child in the back seat of a car while he was inside a strip club, officials said.
Lee County jail records show that Fort Myers police arrested Willie Lee Jordan Jr., 23, shortly before 4 a.m. on Nov. 10 and charged him with two counts of child neglect.
Jordan told police he was inside the strip club for a matter of minutes, but Scarlett's general manager, Christopher Mays, told WBBH-TV that Jordan was there for at least 30 minutes.
A customer heard the infant crying and helped the older child unlock the car with the help of staff members. Police said the baby was found upside down.
The Department of Children and Families is investigating.
It's unclear if Jordan has a lawyer.
Copyright 2017 by WKMG ClickOrlando. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Leo Tolstoy, the Russian novelist who penned the famed “War and Peace” wrote, “All great literature is one of two stories; a man goes on a journey or a stranger comes to town.”
For Minnesota Wild Captain Mikko Koivu, leaving his home country of Finland for North America and the National Hockey League was a dual narrative—both a hero's journey and a saga of foreigner in a strange land.
After playing four seasons in the Finnish Elite League (Sm-Liiga) for his hometown team, TPS Turku, he crossed the Atlantic to skate for the Wild's American Hockey League affiliate, the Houston Aeros. He was the only Finn on the team. The 21-year old was displaced from everything he'd ever known, forced to adapt to an unknown city, a new team and different culture.
Obviously, the forward had teammates who were all in similar situations as young hockey players, but challenges still arose. The biggest hurdle was the language barrier—understanding the coaches drawing up plays and communicating to linemates after a shift. However, as difficult as those early years were for Koivu, he believes going through it, even alone, was for the best.
“You had to learn the language, and I had a lot of help from guys, but I still had to do it all in English,” Koivu said. “But learning like that really helps the later you get into your career. It was tough at first, but I kind of liked that I had to go through it on my own and learn all the things on and off the ice.”
Of course, Koivu did have someone he could tap for advice if he ever needed it. His older brother, Saku, was a star for the Montreal Canadiens, coming to the NHL in 1995.
However, when Mikko made the leap to pro hockey and Houston, it was during a season-long NHL lockout. With the NHL shutdown and current players out of a job, Saku returned to Finland and skated for TPS Turku, essentially swapping spots with his younger sibling.
With his brother an ocean away, Mikko had to be more self-reliant in his first season in Houston. Although, speaking now, it sounds like he wouldn't have had it any other way.
“I still wanted to do it on my own, my own way,” Koivu said. “I wanted to earn my spot on my own and I think that's good for each individual to go through that process. And not just in hockey but off the ice as well. It helps prepare you for life.”
The history of his home country likely played a part in Koivu's fiercely independent mindset when he first came to America. In 1918, Finland went through a civil war, as clashing political agendas between the Social Democratic Party (Reds) and the People's Deputation of Finland (Whites) fought for control of the country's political landscape. The German-supported Whites defeated the Russian Empire-sup- ported socialist Reds. After World War I, Finland arose independent as a democratic country.
The Turku native said that Itsenäisyyspäivä, Finnish Independence Day celebrating the country's autonomy, is a source of national pride.
“The war was a big factor in Finnish life and we take a lot of pride in our independence. It comes from that,” Koivu said. “The older generation lives even more by it, but you learn about it in school and so we grew up with what they've done for us and our independence.”
Backstrom's Big Break
Coincidentally, as Koivu's first year as a pro in North America was during the 2004-05 lockout, the cancelled season might've been Niklas Backstrom's big NHL break.
As a youngster growing up in Helsinki, the nation's capital and largest city, Backstrom's dream was to play in the Finnish League and, maybe, if he was good enough, represent his country on the National Team. It wasn't until his friends and teammates started to get drafted—players he knew and knew he could compete with— that the NHL became a thought.
After playing professionally in Sweden, Backstrom became one of the Finnish League's best netminders with Karpat Oulu, leading the club to two championships. He was backstopping Karpat Oulu when several players without NHL jobs bolted for European professional leagues. The netminder went against some of the world's top talent and didn't feel out of place.
“After the first lockout, you saw the players and you knew that you can play against them,” Backstrom said. “After that, the NHL grew more in your mind, and the dream of competing in the highest level in the world and against the best players.”
A year later, during the 2006-07 season, the netminder signed a deal to join Koivu in Minnesota. At 28, he made his NHL debut in relief of Manny Fernandez. Backstrom came in during the second period and backstopped the Wild to a 6-5 win against the Nashville Predators.
The goaltender's transition to the NHL game was smoother than the ice below his skates, going 23-8-6 in his first year with a 1.97 goals-against average and .929 save percentage. Being an experienced rookie and having played prior in Sweden and stops in cities other than his hometown helped him transition to a new country. Although he was older and well traveled, it was still nice to have a fellow Finn in Koivu on the team.
“Mikko had been here and knew everyone and knew how things worked here. It was a big help to have him,” Backstrom said.
Young-Finns
Climate and topography-wise, Backstrom and Koivu said that Fin- land is very similar to Minnesota, with a lot of rivers and lakes, lush forests and four seasons.
The biggest difference is that Finland is located on the 64th parallel north. During the summer solstice, the sun shines over the horizon for 21 hours. The added daylight makes for naturally lit street hockey games during the summer months.
“On our home street there were a couple nets and we went there with our friends and played there with our shoes and hockey sticks,” Mikael Granlund said. “During the summer, playing street hockey, I'm from Oulu, which is up north so the sun was up late in the summers. “Mom usually said we'd have to be in. But we'd play until 9 or 10 p.m. When they'd call us to come back home we'd say, ‘One more game, one more game,' so maybe get a little more time, but not too much.”
For fellow center Erik Haula, the street hockey games in his more southern city of Pori had a similar outcome, with mom the warden of the final buzzer.
“I remember there were a lot of times where I'd get a call from my mom and she'd say dinner was at 6:30, and you'd bust over and eat really quick and head back over and play for a couple more hours,” Haula said. “Mom would call a couple times and you'd say, ‘Yeah, we're about to leave right now,' but the game is 4-4 and someone has to win.”
Consequently, the winters are dark—something that's hardly noticeable for a hockey crazed youngster with a rink and flood- lights to maintain visibility. While Minnesota is known for pond hockey, Finland had plenty of outdoor rinks to skate on.
“We didn't play on the ponds, but we did play a lot of outdoor hockey on the rinks. There are a bunch of outdoor rinks around,” Haula said. “Growing up, having practices with a toque on underneath my helmet with the snow pouring down, it was awesome. I enjoyed it.”
After developing his game on the outdoor rinks, Haula chose to pursue college hockey. In 2008 he enrolled at the fabled Shattuck-St. Mary's in Faribault. A family advisor suggested the prep school and his parents felt like it was a safe place for the teenager.
“I think it was a great start for me, to start there,” Haula said. “It's a small place and to learn everything and then move on.”
After a year of junior hockey with Omaha of the United States Hockey League, he attended the University of Minnesota. In three years with the Golden Gophers, Haula amassed 124 points (42- 82=124). After his junior season, he signed an entry-level deal with the Wild.
Last season, Haula started with the club's American Hockey League affiliate, the Iowa Wild. After getting called up mid-season, he stayed in the lineup for 46 games and all 13 of the team's postseason contests, where he took his game to another level, totaling seven points (4-3=7).
While Haula was in his final season at the U of M, Granlund was in his first year in North American. Drafted in the first round (ninth overall) by the Wild in 2010, expectations were high for Granlund coming into the 2012-13 season. Due to the NHL lockout, he started with the team's AHL affiliate, and got off to a fast start.
After the NHL restarted, and a brief training camp, Granlund made his NHL debut on Jan. 1, 2013. It was an auspicious start as the center netted his first career goal against the Colorado Avalanche. However, the transition wouldn't be so easy. After struggling to adjust to the North American style, he was returned to Houston at the end of the season.
When Granlund was in Minnesota, he started to develop a friendship with Haula.
“My first year he was still playing with the Gophers, so he could help me with the city or whatever,” Granlund said.
Like most foreign players, the 22-year-old said that the language barrier was the toughest thing about coming to America. However, with Haula, Koivu and Backstrom firmly established in the State of Hockey, it was a little easier with countrymen in his corner.
“That was a huge help, having Mikko and Backy,” Granlund said. “They helped me a lot and coming in here it was much easier to help with my English and ask them questions.”
Of course, with Haula having more experience in America, Granlund holds his linguistic skills to a higher standard than his own. And if Haula slips up, his buddy is more than willing correct him.
“His English is so much better, so whenever I hear something a little bit off I'm going to tell him right away,” Granlund said. “It's funny and he doesn't like it, so it's even funnier.”
Haula confirmed the good-natured ribbing.
“He chirps me if I say a word wrong, so he'll be all over me for it,” Haula said with smile. “The one time it might happen, he'll call me out.”
Pride of a Nation
Hockey is Finland's most popular sport. When the National Team has a game, nearly half of the country's 5.5 million citizens tune-in to watch.
“When the National Team plays, even those who really don't watch hockey a lot, they're going to watch all games,” Granlund said. “That's the big thing in Finland and people start to love hockey when the National Team plays.”
Every young hockey player growing up in the country dreams of putting on the blue and white represented on the Finnish flag. The blue is said to signify the multitude of lakes and sky, while the white symbolizes snow. The cross flag was adopted after the country gained its independence, so wearing the colors takes on a special meaning. All four of Minnesota's Finns have donned their National Team's uniform in international competition.
“It's still hockey, but every time you put the Finnish sweater on it feels like it's more than just a hockey game,” Koivu said.
Koivu has represented the Finns in two Olympics, winning silver in 2006 and bronze in 2010. Backstrom was a teammate on the bronze-medal winning team. In the 2014 games in Sochi, Koivu was set to captain the team, but an ankle injury kept him out of the tournament.
The injury to the veteran helped open the door for Granlund, who had a breakout performance during the games. In Russia, the forward was named to the all-tournament team and helped the Finns earn the bronze medal.
When the center is asked about the Olympics, a smile creeps across his face and it's difficult for him to contain his excitement or articulate what the experience meant to him.
“It was a great feeling to be a part of that team in the Olympics. You feel really proud,” Granlund said. “There have been so many really good players for Finland and the things they've done in the past and the way that they carry the tradition. To get into that, it's a big thing for any Finnish player to get onto the National Team and something they're proud of.”
Granlund first met Koivu on the National Team, before he was drafted by Minnesota. Before meeting him, the youngster looked up to the veteran leader.
“He's been here for so many years and done so many great things with the National Team,” Granlund said. “The first time I met him was at the World Champion- ships and we won the tournament, and then I got drafted here.
“He's been a really good friend and anytime I need some help with anything, he's the first to help.”
Koivu is more than willing to help the young Finns, but it doesn't stop with Granlund and Haula. The Wild captain wants to make sure they are integrated with their teammates and it doesn't just be- come about his fellow countrymen.
“When I first got here, there was no one. It's good when every once in a while you can talk with the Finnish guys and talk about things back home,” Koivu said. “At the same time we always want to be part of the team and it's not like we're just the Finnish group. The team is like a big family and we want to keep it that way.”
BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces hit Islamic State bases in eastern Syria on Friday and a monitoring group said the Syrian army had intensified its bombing campaign in the west.
U.S. and Arab forces began bombing Islamic State militants in northern and eastern Syria on Tuesday, prompting concern among Western-backed opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad that the air campaign could play into his hands.
On Friday U.S. Central Command, which has also been bombing bases of the al Qaeda splinter group in Iraq since last month, said it had destroyed more than a dozen Islamic State vehicles in both countries in its latest round of strikes.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the conflict through a network of sources, said the Syrian army targeted areas held by a variety of insurgent groups, including Western-backed rebels.
Syrian warplanes used projectiles, including barrel bombs, in Hama, Idlib, Homs and Aleppo provinces and around Damascus, the Observatory said.
Five people were killed when barrel bombs were dropped on al-Rastan city in the Homs province and nine died in a barrel bomb attack east of Aleppo city, it said.
U.S.-led strikes early on Friday hit Islamic State bases and positions on the outskirts of the city of al-Mayadin in Deir al-Zor province, the Observatory said.
The U.S. Central Command said it had destroyed four Islamic State tanks and damaged another in three airstrikes south and southeast of Deir al-Zor.
The monitoring group said an earlier air strike hit the al-Tanak oilfield area in the province, while apparent missile strikes — also thought to be carried out by U.S.-led forces — hit the al-Quriyah area, also in Deir al-Zor.
U.S. Central Command has said Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia the United Arab Emirates and Qatar have participated in or supported the strikes in Syria since they began on Tuesday.
Strikes also hit areas southeast of the city of Hasaka, close to Syria's border with Iraq. They targeted Islamic State, al Qaeda's Nusra Front and other Islamist militants, the Observatory said.
Deir al-Zor, which borders Iraq, is almost entirely controlled by Islamic State militants and was a major oil-producing province before Syria's conflict began more than three years ago.
Oil has been a top source of revenue for Islamic State militants, and air raids on Thursday targeted refineries controlled by the group. The strikes also have seemed to be intended to hamper Islamic State's ability to operate across the border with Iraq, where it also controls territory.
The Observatory said there were casualties from the earlier strikes but did not give details.
Centcom said airstrikes overnight and early on Friday in Iraq had destroyed Islamic State armored vehicles south and southwest of Kirkuk and west of Baghdad. France has joined air strikes in Iraq and a string of other European countries have said they will follow suit.
The NFL has asked media companies to bid on additional seasons of Thursday Night Football and the league is indicating that if TV networks aren't interested the package could go to a streaming company like Amazon.
Sources confirm that the league sent out requests for proposals on Wednesday, with responses due in January.
Despite two seasons of shrinking ratings, the NFL remains TV's most potent programming. But there have been rumblings that the Thursday night package is a problem because poorly rested players don't play well on Thursdays and get injured. Plus some say the Thursday games oversaturate the market for NFL football, contributing to the softer ratings and flat ad sales.
NBC and CBS split the broadcast portion of the NFL package, with games also airing on the league-owned NFL network. They pay the league a combined $450 million. This season, the games were also streamed by Amazon.
In the RFP the league says it is open to make changes in the package, according to Sports Business Daily. The changes include moving more games from Thursday night. Some games in the packages already are aired on Saturdays, early Sunday morning and Christmas day.
The league also is encouraging potential television partners to experiment and come up with new ideas for using technology to enhance the telecast and innovative ideas to reduce the intrusion of commercials.
But the RFP also says the league would consider having a digital company such as Amazon taking the entire package. It would be the first time a streaming company took over what had been a broadcast package for a major sport.
If a streamer got the game, it would likely still sell games to local broadcast stations to make sure home team fans got free over-the-air access to games.
You may have heard of Mo Alie-Cox if you're a big college basketball fan. The name probably doesn't mean much to you otherwise. Alie-Cox spent four years playing basketball for Virginia Commonwealth University. After a conversation with Cowboys tight end Jason Witten a couple years ago, Alie-Cox decided football a try.
He held a workout for NFL teams on Tuesday and the Titans were one of the teams in attendance.
Easier to list who WASNT at Mo's workout: Saints, Cowboys, Bengals, Texans, Panthers and Buccaneers At least no one wearing their gear — Lane Casadonte (@LaneCtvsports) April 11, 2017
It's hard to fathom a guy that played basketball at a school without a college football team being able to play in the NFL. The likelihood of Alie-Cox making a 53-man roster are slim, but his size and skill set make him an intriguing prospect.
Alie-Cox is listed at 6-foot-7, 250 pounds on VCU's athletics website. He also has a 7-foot wingspan. He also averaged 7.7 points, 4.7 rebounds and 1.8 blocks per game as an undersized power forward for the Rams. Alie-Cox had to learn to use quickness and body positioning to be effective on the basketball court. Look no further than Jimmy Graham and Antonio Gates for examples of guys who used basketball skills to succeed in the NFL. The difference is Gates and Graham played football in college. Alie-Cox would be learning from scratch.
While the big body and long wingspan are enough to raise eyebrows, the learning curve to succeed in the NFL is very steep. It isn't as easy as boxing someone out and grabbing the ball. He'd need to learn a route tree, how to block effectively, and how to take a hit. Basketball is plenty physical, but physicality in the NFL is a different beast.
Alie-Cox is a free agent so he can sign with whatever team he'd like. Given his inexperience and the Titans' need for a tight end that can block effectively, it's hard to believe the team will give him more than this cursory glance.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch: How Aalto University in Finland is teaching Chinese students in English
At the beginning of the last century, the power of nations might have been measured in battleships and coal.
In this century it's as likely to be graduates.
There has been an unprecedented global surge in the numbers of young people going to university.
Among the developed OECD countries, graduation rates have almost doubled since the mid-1990s.
China's plans are not so much an upward incline as a vertical take-off.
In 1998, there were only about a million students in China. Within a decade, it had become the biggest university system in the world.
Figures last month from China's education ministry reported more than 34 million graduates in the past four years. By 2020 there will be 35.5 million students enrolled.
The president of Yale described this as the fastest such expansion in human history.
Inextricably linked with this expansion has been another phenomenon - the globalisation of universities.
Global networks
There are more universities operating in other countries, recruiting students from overseas, setting up partnerships, providing online degrees and teaching in other languages than ever before.
Chinese students are taking degrees taught in English in Finnish universities; the Sorbonne is awarding French degrees in Abu Dhabi; US universities are opening in China and South Korean universities are switching teaching to English so they can compete with everyone else.
It's like one of those board games where all the players are trying to move on to everyone else's squares.
It's not simply a case of western universities looking for new markets. Many countries in the Middle East and Asia are deliberately seeking overseas universities, as a way of fast-forwarding a research base.
In Qatar, the purpose-built Education City now has branches of eight overseas universities, with more to follow. Shanghai is set to be another magnet for international campuses.
'Idea capitals'
This global network is the way of the future, says John Sexton, president of New York University.
"There's a world view that universities, and the most talented people in universities, will operate beyond sovereignty.
"Much like in the renaissance in Europe, when the talent class and the creative class travelled among the great idea capitals, so in the 21st century, the people who carry the ideas that will shape the future will travel among the capitals.
"But instead of old European names it will be names like Shanghai and Abu Dhabi and London and New York. Those universities will be populated by those high-talent people."
New York University, one of the biggest private universities in the US, has campuses in New York and Abu Dhabi, with plans for another in Shanghai. It also has a further 16 academic centres around the world.
Mr Sexton sets out a different kind of map of the world, in which universities, with bases in several cities, become the hubs for the economies of the future, "magnetising talent" and providing the ideas and energy to drive economic innovation.
Universities are also being used as flag carriers for national economic ambitions - driving forward modernisation plans.
For some it's been a spectacularly fast rise. According to the OECD, in the 1960s South Korea had a similar national wealth to Afghanistan. Now it tops international education league tables and has some of the highest-rated universities in the world.
The Pohang University of Science and Technology in South Korea was only founded in 1986 - and is now in the top 30 of the Times Higher's global league table, elbowing past many ancient and venerable institutions.
It also wants to compete on an international stage so the university has decided that all its graduate programmes should be taught in English rather than Korean.
Spending power
Philip Altbach, director of the Centre for International Higher Education, based in Boston College in the United States, says governments want to use universities to upgrade their workforce and develop hi-tech industries.
Image caption The first French-speaking university in the Gulf, a branch of the Sorbonne, was opened last month
"Universities are being seen as a key to the new economies, they're trying to grow the knowledge economy by building a base in universities," says Professor Altbach.
Families, from rural China to eastern Europe, are also seeing university as a way of helping their children to get higher-paid jobs. A growing middle-class in India is pushing an expansion in places.
Universities also stand to gain from recruiting overseas. "Universities in the rich countries are making big bucks," he says. This international trade is worth at least $50 billion a year, he estimates, the lion's share currently being claimed by the US.
If there are parallels with economic and political rivalries, the US remains the academic superpower, not least because of the raw wealth of its top universities.
Despite its investments taking a hammering from the financial crisis, Harvard sits on an endowment worth $27.4bn and spends more than $3.5bn a year.
It means that for every one dollar spent by a leading European university such as the London School Economics, Harvard can spend almost $10.
Even the poorest Ivy League university in the US will have an endowment bigger than the gross domestic product of many African countries.
Facebook generation
The success of the US system is not just about funding, says Professor Altbach. It's also because it's well run and research is effectively organised. "Of course there are lots of lousy institutions in the US, but overall the system works well."
Developed economies are already highly dependent on universities and if anything that reliance will increase David Willetts, UK universities minister
The status of the US system has been bolstered by the link between its university research and developing hi-tech industries. Icons of the internet-age such Google and Facebook grew out of US campuses.
"Developed economies are already highly dependent on universities and if anything that reliance will increase," says the UK's universities minister, David Willetts.
And he says that globalisation in higher education is increasing in pace and "going to go a lot further".
"The rapid increase in international students, not just in the UK but in other countries with high quality universities, is a case in point.
"Universities are internationalised along other fronts too - for example, in the research that they do, which often has greater impact when conducted in collaboration with institutions in other countries."
University of laptop
Technology, much of it hatched on university campuses, is also changing higher education and blurring national boundaries.
Online services such as Apple's iTunes U gives public access to lectures from more than 800 universities and more than 300 million have been downloaded. And where else would a chemistry lecture get to be a chart topper?
Image caption New York University in Abu Dhabi: The university's president says this is the era of "global networks"
It raises many questions too. What are the expectations of this Facebook generation? They might have degrees and be able to see what is happening on the other side of the world, but will there be enough jobs to match their ambitions?
Who is going to pay for such an expanded university system? And what about those who will struggle to afford a place?
But Mr Willetts says that globalisation is having a "positive impact" for students, academics and employers.
And Professor Sexton remains optimistic that globalism will be about co-operation as much as competition and he summons up the forward-looking attitude of immigrants arriving in New York.
"The immigrant is always looking forwards to a better tomorrow, not looking back to a golden age."
CHINA'S currency has long been undervalued, and this undervaluation has long been a sore spot for China's trading partners. American officials, in particular, have been upset by the impact of a cheap yuan on America's trade balance with China, and by the impact of that imbalance on employment. China allowed its currency to appreciate nearly 20% against the dollar from 2005 to 2008, but it halted the rise in 2008 out of concern for the impact of the global downturn on its export-oriented economy. Last year, as it was clear that China's economy was once more running at full steam (and then some) appreciation resumed. Not fast enough for its critics, it should be noted, but as you can see below, the rise in the yuan has been fairly steady and has so far amounted to an appreciation of about 4.6%.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Real exchange rate appreciation has two parts, of course—nominal appreciation, which we see above, and the relative change in inflation. Menzie Chinn discusses the latter point in a post here, and provides a chart of price growth in China:
Consumer price inflation has risen to an annual rate of over 5%. Given that American consumer price inflation is well below that, real exchange rate appreciation has occurred far faster over the past year than has nominal exchange rate appreciation.
Mr Chinn provides some nice analysis of this trend. He also quotes the new IDEAGlobal Asian Regional Markets:
During the last couple of days, some senior Chinese officials made interesting comments on CNY exchange rate policies. PBoC deputy governor Yi Gang said at the IMF ministerial meeting in Washington that CNY appreciation against USD and other currencies in PBoC's basket will help China to fight inflation, and that CNY is close to being freely usable, which would meet one main requirement of being included in the SDR. Meanwhile, PBoC Governor Zhou Xiaochuan said that China will continue to reform monetary and financing systems to allow more flexibility in the CNY exchange rate. However, he also said that it is difficult to measure effect of exchange rates in containing inflation from a technical perspective. Yi Gang has been an active proponent of exchange rate policy as a measure to fight inflation, although he suddenly changed his rhetoric and said something like ‘CNY is very close to equilibrium now' in March. The comments suggest that the idea of exchange rate policy as a tool against inflation might be regaining momentum in China. Yi Gang's comment on CNY's usability and Zhou's comment on more flexibility in CNY confirms the underlying trend of opening up CNY and suggests that the Chinese policymakers feel the need to speed up the process...
Emphasis mine. This suggests that appreciation will continue, and perhaps accelerate, as China responds to its overheating economy. And that is potentially a very good thing for both China and America.
Yale quarterback Patrick Witt withdrew his application for a Rhodes Scholarship this week, after the Rhodes committee informed him that he would have to skip the Harvard-Yale game to attend his scholarship interview. ESPN.com quoted the American Secretary for the Rhodes Trust, Elliot F. Gerson as saying, "We have candidates every year miss games for the interview."
And so here we have yet another parable about sports and academics and the degeneration of priorities—but not Witt's. Witt did the right thing, or the best thing he could do, when confronted with intransigent prigs and weasels.
Advertisement
Gerson, in speaking with ESPN, emphasized that the Rhodes is an "academic award," not—"despite some popular perception of it"—an award for scholar-athletes. This is doublespeak, at best. Here is how the Rhodes Trust describes the founding principles of the scholarship:
Mr. Rhodes' Will contains four criteria by which prospective Rhodes Scholars are to be selected: 1. literary and scholastic attainments;
2. energy to use one's talents to the full, as exemplified by fondness for and success in sports;
3. truth, courage, devotion to duty, sympathy for and protection of the weak, kindliness, unselfishness and fellowship;
4. moral force of character and instincts to lead, and to take an interest in one's fellow beings.
Advertisement
Gee, where did that popular perception come from, that sports is integral to being a Rhodes Scholar? And even this is not exactly faithful to the text of Rhodes's will. Here's what the real document had to say:
My desire being that the students who shall be elected to the Scholarships shall not be merely bookworms I direct that in the election of a student to a Scholarship regard shall be had to (i.) his literary and scholastic attainments (ii.) his fondness of and success in manly outdoor sports such as cricket football and the like (iii.) his qualities of manhood truth courage devotion to duty sympathy for the protection of the weak kindliness unselfishness and fellowship and (iv.) his exhibition during school days of moral force of character and of instincts to lead and to take an interest in his schoolmates for those latter attributes will be likely in after-life to guide him to esteem the performance of public duty as his highest aim.
Advertisement
Down through the years, the American interpretation of Rhodes's anti-bookworm principles has loosened to the point that the Trust's FAQ now includes this:
Q3. How important really are sports? I don't even play intramurals. I did a little in high school, but in college, the most I do athletically is walk to classes and jog occasionally. To tell you the truth, I'm pretty uncoordinated. But I'm fit. Does that disqualify me? What should I put on my application? A. One of the criteria cited in Cecil Rhodes' Will was ". . . the energy to use one's talents to the full, as exemplified by fondness for and success in sports." In this regard, we look first for energetic applicants who make maximum use of their abilities. As with all the criteria in Mr. Rhodes' Will—the evolution of Oxford, the experience of one hundred years of the Scholarships, views of the Rhodes Trustees and selection committees as to why Mr. Rhodes listed success in sports as important, and the necessarily (and appropriately) subjective views of our rotating selectors all color the interpretation. I think it's fair to say today, however, that only rarely does athletic distinction alone tip the scales for a selection committee.
Advertisement
The trust goes on to write, piously:
Sadly, success in major varsity sports at large colleges and universities has often required a virtually semi-professional time commitment in the U. S. (unlike at Oxford), making it very difficult, although not impossible, for such athletes to develop the other criteria we look for.
Witt wasn't trying to reschedule his interview to make room for mandatory spring drills or extra time in the weight room; he was trying to keep clear the Saturday afternoon when his team was scheduled to play a football game. Perhaps the Oxford rowing team sometimes sends out only a crew of five for a race of eight-man boats, because they have their values in order?
Advertisement
But set aside Cecil Rhodes's specific, strong endorsement of "manly outdoor sports." Times do change. (Rhodes also wanted to create a secret society to unify the world under an all-powerful British Empire.) What about the other criteria the American Rhodes Trust says it wants? "Devotion to duty." "Unselfishness." "Instincts to lead."
The Rhodes Trust says that Witt should have ditched his responsibilities as the starting quarterback, abandoned his teammates in their biggest game of the year, and flown off to pursue an individual reward. This would have demonstrated that he had the proper character to be a Rhodes Scholar.
Former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern has criticised Fianna Fail leader Micheal Martin, stating he doesn't "think much of him".
Former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern has criticised Fianna Fail leader Micheal Martin, stating he doesn't "think much of him".
I don't think much of Martin and the party's doing brutal – Bertie
He also claimed the party was doing "fairly brutal" despite being neck-and-neck with Fine Gael in the latest polls. Following a private Fianna Fail meeting for a local election candidate in Dublin last night, Mr Ahern played down his party role, insisting he was just giving a "dig out" for the son of a close friend and party member.
And, after urging the party faithful to get out on the doorsteps and canvas, Mr Ahern revealed he had a "a gammy leg" so couldn't go himself.
Mr Ahern was addressing a crowd of around 50 Fianna Fail members in his former Drumcondra heartland at the Skylon Hotel, in support of local election candidate Brian Mohan.
Sitting at the top table, Mr Ahern told the crowd: "We still all support the party. We still all support Fianna Fail.
"I don't think much of the leader, I think you all know that. I'm not going to say anything nice about him," he said.
Mr Ahern, who resigned from Fianna Fail in March 2012 after party members motioned for his removal following the findings of the Mahon Tribunal, said that Fianna Fail was not performing well in polls – but insisted that he was not a member of the party, which was met by laughter at the event.
"The party is doing fairly brutal. I'm not a member but this is a meeting of supporters for Brian. But that's the hard reality (that the party is doing badly)," he said.
In a rallying address in which he said he was confident Fianna Fail could retake a seat in May's local elections he urged party members to get out on the campaign trial.
He told the crowd Mr Mohan had approached him seeking his advice last year and told members he was there to "muster some support" for the campaign.
When approached after the event and asked to clarify his remarks, he said: "No we're only out trying to help (Brian).
"His da helped me for years so we're trying to help him," he said. He earlier said Brian Mohan's father Noel had "worked his toenails off for me".
"This is only friends. I'm friends with Brian you know so we're just trying to give him a dig out."
When asked about his role at the meeting after the event, he told the Irish Independent: "I'm just trying to give him advice. I have a gammy leg so I can't do too much work but I've been trying to help him out and give him a bit of advice."
Asked afterwards about his comment in relation to Mr Martin, he responded: "No, I've no problem with any of them.
"No, I said I have nothing against him. I've no connections with him."
He added: "I said nothing bad against him either. I'm just trying to help him out."
Mr Ahern was well-briefed as he told members 1,200 votes would get Mr Mohan elected.
Irish Independent
The Egyptian army deployed troops in Cairo's Tahrir Square on Monday and fired shots in the air to disperse remaining pro-democracy protesters.
A few hundred demonstrators were staying put, state television reported, showing army vehicles in the square and people taking down tents and canopies.
Local authorities say they asked demonstrators to allow traffic to move through the square, after local shopkeepers clashed with protesters for interfering with their businesses.
Demonstrators reportedly refused, so the military and riot police moved in.
The protesters responded by throwing stones and rocks at the security forces and several protesters were injured in the clashes, officials said. Activists said several protesters had been arrested.
Members of the April 6th protest movement say the military did not just storm the square, but attacked the mosque where protesters had sought shelter.
Al Jazeera's Sherine Tadros, reporting from Tahrir, said: "There was a split when it came to protesters who wanted to stay and those who wanted to move out.
"There were a good 200 to 300 people who were still camped out earlier. Now it's filled with tanks and army soldiers.
"They've essentially driven out all the people. There do seem to be some civilians moving around but the army is continuing to move out anyone trying to get back into the square."
"People have been telling us, 'They can do what they want but we will just come back once they leave'."
Ramadan suspension
Egyptian protesters had said they would suspend their sit-in at the square during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan, which began on Monday, but would return to the square to press for reforms after the month was over.
Activists have been occupying Tahrir Square, the epicentre of protests that toppled President Hosni Mubarak, since July 8 to denounce the military rulers' handling of the transition.
The crackdown comes two days before Mubarak goes on trial for his role in killing protesters during the uprising centred on Tahrir Square that drove him from power on February 11.
Twenty-six political parties and protest movements said on Saturday in a joint statement that their three-week sit-in had succeeded in achieving some of their demands, "pushing the Egyptian revolution a step forward".
"But based on our belief that sit-ins are a means, and not a goal, the political parties and youth movements have decided to temporarily suspend their sit-in during the holy month of Ramadan," they said.
The parties stressed that they "will return once again after Eid [feast marking the end of Ramadan] to protest peacefully in Tahrir Square so that the rest of the demands are met".
+ 23
Location and Status quo
Situated to the northwest of Hangzhou's main urban area with a distance of about 60 kilometers, Chuan Village of Shanchuan Town, Anji County has an altitude of around 220 meters. It is surrounded by mountains, which makes a basin form in the middle part. With a stream crossing through the village, the flowing water has been in no absence for years and there are over one thousand mu of fertile fields. Before the village lies a meandering narrow path, of which one side is a bamboo grove and the other is the stream. And the sights will be broadened after finishing the path.
Limitations and Creations
Three questions were raised by us according to the status quo: first, how to utilize the factual resources properly; second, how to integrate the scenery which contains mountains and waters; third, how to introduce the village characteristics into the building.
To avoid mutual interference, the sides close to the residential area are limited in the number of windows, that is, a bigger window can only be set over 1.3 meters high on the wall which approaches the road. When sitting in the house, a person will not be bothered by the noise of the road, but the scenery across the road can still be appreciated.
We tried to set more roof windows in a large space, which makes the most of the scenery be introduced into the house, and the interference to the houses around can be reduced as much as possible.
Some senior craftsmen of the village were invited by us to present their ideas. Also, we took the local material and collected the red bricks which were left by the villagers for the house building, and we made the building surface by using the local yellow-mud technique. In addition, the doors and windows were made by the carpenters at present. Because of the use of the local material, this house seems to be natural and simple with a combination with the scenery.
Adorning-free Design
A roof window was set every two pillars to introduce more mountain sights around except for lighting. As the core functional space for this village memory house, it offers people the feeling of combining the natural scenery, traditional techniques and modern life.
The internal space is plain and natural, whose walls are the same inside and outside, and the floor has been polished with cements, while the roof remains the beauty of the original wooden frame. The decoration also takes the wood in the main, which can integrate the building and the internal space.
Low-cost Design Attempt and Challenges
The architect will work on the scene to help the craftsmen figure out some basic aesthetics as the proportion and scale for much time. The project was going quite smoothly as the cement workers and carpenters were familiar with the material and building methods, and we only spent less than three months finishing the project and putting it into use.
Conclusion
Comparing with urban items, people would feel it more relaxing and natural to create rural items. The villagers and tourists have been gradually taking part in the activities of the house since its opening. There will be a party for every festival and it has also become a play land for children. Thus, the village memory house not only displays the tradition, but also delivers the new life!
NEUTRAL | Washington Post | Richard Arenberg Save the Filibuster, Harry Reid
Quick Hits: "The Senate is headed for a showdown over the filibuster. Democrats and Republicans are locked in a struggle that brings to mind the Cold War deterrence strategy of mutually assured destruction.
This theory held that the nuclear arsenals of the Soviet Union and the United States could each annihilate the other, so neither would dare launch an attack. Under Senate Rule 22, a two-thirds majority is needed to end debate and change the rules. Democrats are threatening to invoke the unprecedented claim that only a simple majority is required. They used to say the simple majority, or the 'nuclear option,' could be used only on the first day of a new Congress."
This theory held that the nuclear arsenals of the Soviet Union and the United States could each annihilate the other, so neither would dare launch an attack. Under Senate Rule 22, a two-thirds majority is needed to end debate and change the rules. Democrats are threatening to invoke the unprecedented claim that only a simple majority is required. They used to say the simple majority, or the 'nuclear option,' could be used only on the first day of a new Congress." "In short, Democratsâ€™ frustration is well justified. But neither side is 'right' or would 'win' should Senate procedure be changed in this way."
"The stakes here are far higher than tit-for-tat legislative warfare. Although the nuclear option would, at this time, be limited to nominations, its use would establish a precedent leading to majority control of the Senate. This would be true even if the ploy were limited to use on the first day of a new Congress; the outcome is exacerbated if any majority can change the rules at any time. The use of majority control would prove irresistible and the Senate would soon operate much like the House of Representatives, where the majority controls, the minority is seldom consulted, debate is limited and floor amendments often are not permitted." >> click here to read more
Page 2
Editor's note: This article appears in the June 19 issue of ESPN The Magazine.
There's a famous gambling story about Michael Jordan. Actually, there are many famous gambling stories about MJ, but this one is my favorite. Back before NBA teams had grasped the rejuvenating power of chartered airplanes, the Bulls were waiting for their luggage in Portland when Jordan slapped a hunny on the conveyor belt: I bet you my bags come out first. Jumping on the incredibly favorable odds, nine teammates happily accepted the wager. Sure enough, Jordan's bags led the rollout. He cackled with delight as he collected everyone's money.
What none of the suckers knew, and what MJ presumably never told them, was that he had bribed a baggage handler to help him out. He didn't pocket much (a few hundred bucks), and considering his net worth hovered around nine figures at the time, it's safe to say he didn't need the extra cash. But that didn't matter. There was a chance at an easy score, and he took it.
Yes, the most cutthroat athlete of his generation loves to gamble, and even more than that, he loves to win. Should you be surprised? The qualities that once made MJ transcendent on the court -- his legendary hypercompetitiveness, superhuman stamina, larger-than-life swagger and unwavering confidence -- make the gambling crossover an obvious choice.
Now, not all top-tier superstars have the bug. Word is that Larry Bird, a renowned cheapskate, wagered only on postpractice shooting contests (which he was predisposed to win because, after all, he was Larry Bird). But Jordan was fundamentally more reckless. He played high-stakes golf -- you may remember he once settled a seven-figure debt for $300,000 with a grateful hustler who felt compelled to write a book about it -- and made at least one ill-advised trek to Atlantic City between playoff games.
I'm the last person to think that MJ's hobby makes him as unsavory as a Bada Bing! customer. Too much has been made of his gambling "problem" over the years. Take Michael Leahy's mean-spirited book, in which he salaciously recounts a 2001 blackjack blowout at the Mohegan Sun that included Rip Hamilton and Antoine Walker. Leahy made the night seem nefarious, describing how MJ fell behind by half a million before turning things around in the wee hours by playing two hands at a time, jabbering loudly and confidently all the while, working the dealer as if he were Bryon Russell. I happened to be there as well, plugging away at a $15 table about 25 feet away. What I witnessed was just three friends letting off steam.
Everything's relative. Last summer, at my buddy Hopper's bachelor party, we played blackjack at Mandalay Bay until 8:45 a.m., one of those blurry marathons where you wake up the following afternoon, heave a sigh of relief when you see your wallet ("I didn't lose it!") then scream happily when you glimpse the wad of hundreds inside. Women had flirted with us, pit bosses had sauntered over to "cool" us down. We hadn't played for 25 G's a hand, but we had risked a higher percentage of our net worth than MJ did in his Mohegan cameo, that's for sure. It was my single best run in Vegas -- and I didn't have Leahy standing nearby jotting down unflattering notes.
We love to pick athletes apart, but what's the big deal about their gambling so much? Look what happened last month. First, John Daly says he lost $50-60 million at the slots, and it becomes a national story. Then, Charles Barkley defends Daly, before casually revealing that he's squandered $10 million in casinos over the years. Of course, the media blows up that revelation and excoriates him for being so irresponsible. What's irresponsible about losing millions when you have more money than you'll ever need? Playing with the house's money is a way of life for these guys.
Watch an episode of MTV Cribs: For many celebs, it's not just about making it; it's about embracing the excess of making it. It's about owning the biggest mansion and the most cars, being able to buy anything without someone saying, "Wait, you can't afford that." It's about walking into a Ferrari dealership and having the salesman keel over with glee. It's about buying a yacht even though you don't particularly like water. It's about wearing a different suit after every game. It's about playing Madden on a 100-inch plasma instead of a 40-inch flatscreen. High-stakes gambling is just another piece of the excess package.
Casinos actually hold an allure beyond the action. With their elite gaming areas and impeccable security, they are some of the few public places where athletes can unwind without being badgered by starstruck fans. Call it an amusement park for the privileged, a place to let loose and be rich, where competitive juices can get a victimless workout. For a big-stakes guy, every night starts with the same vow: "I'm gonna kick ass." If he gets down, he just knows he'll win it back. If he's up, he wants to be up more. If he didn't possess this drive at the tables, he'd be one of those Rudy Gay types on the court, a player who drifts during games and doesn't seem to care if his team wins or loses. Competitiveness isn't a switch you can turn on and off.
That's why these guys bring PlayStations on the road, why card games never end on charters, why who-can-make-the-first-halfcourt-shot contests break out at the end of every NBA practice. David Stern says he's dead set against moving a team to Vegas because he's afraid of players will wager on NBA games. But if they want to, they can easily do that online. What he should be afraid of is that they'd be fodder for the high-roller hustlers in Vegas who make a killing in poker games and golf matches with overcompetitive multimillionaires.
History tells us there's no shortage of those: Isiah Thomas played in high-stakes craps games at Thomas Hearns' house; Jerry Stackhouse decked Christian Laettner during a poker game on the Pistons' charter; Phil Mickelson won tens of thousands on World Series and Super Bowl bets as part of a consortium; Charles Oakley publicly threatened Tyrone Hill for being slow to settle a die debt. For every story that leaks out, dozens of others are almost surely buried.
But no one can convince me it's a bad thing. There has been a negative link between gambling and sports dating back 100 years, back when heavyweight title fights and the World Series were fixed. But that is a lot less likely to happen now: Professional athletes earn too much to be swayed by fixers. Still, fans are brainwashed to believe gambling is dangerous, that it's a potential gateway to self-destruction, that it can destroy your life if you aren't careful, that everyone is a few errant bets away from a lifetime of depressing Gamblers Anonymous meetings. Watch any TV show in which a character starts betting, and almost always, he loses control before the big "intervention" episode. Gambling is bad. Or so we're told.
And then you see the 400 different poker shows on cable, gambling spreads in every newspaper, March Madness pools in every office, websites and magazines that have made a killing on the fantasy boom, scratch cards and lottery machines in every convenience store ... Ummm, none of this is gambling? We refer to point spreads all the time -- the Steelers are favored by six -- and naïvely pretend they happen in some sort of vacuum, that there's no correlation between the numbers and actual wagering. Everyone participates in this hypocrisy. It's a more complicated version of the four college roomies who stand around a keg on a Friday night and slurringly argue about whether one of their other pals has a drinking problem.
Gambling is a part of sports; we may as well accept it. Maybe there are ways teams can actually use it to their advantage. For instance, Hopper once played blackjack in Vegas with Norv Turner, who spinelessly kept staying on 16 until my belligerent friend drove him from the table with a biting remark. After hearing that story, I thought Turner's coaching career made infinitely more sense. What football player would be inspired by a coach who stays on 16?
If I owned a team, I'd insist on playing poker or blackjack with any coach or manager I was thinking of hiring. During Jordan's Mohegan Sun all-nighter, I distinctly recall being impressed that Hamilton -- still a young player who hadn't done much -- looked totally comfortable in the high-stakes section with MJ. Good sign for his future, I remember thinking. That poise made him one of the crucial players on the world-champion Pistons. Coincidence? You tell me.
As for Jordan, if I owned the Bulls and found out my franchise guy -- the dude cashing my seven-figure checks every two weeks, the dude responsible for filling my stadium eight months per season, the dude who would make or break my dream of holding the Larry O'Brien Trophy -- was bribing baggage handlers just to win a few hundred bucks ... well, the news would warm my heart. That's what alpha dogs do: They compete, they dominate, they don't know when to quit. The surprise isn't that there are dozens of gambling stories about Michael Jordan. The surprise would be if there weren't any.
Bill Simmons is a columnist for Page 2 and ESPN The Magazine. His new book "Now I Can Die In Peace is available on Amazon.com and in bookstores everywhere.
Textbook economics suggests immigration should lift productivity. After all, new immigrants open up trade opportunities; they diversify the engines of economic growth; they offer new and different perspectives on business; and they inherently take risks in hope of greater gains — a key ingredient of innovation.
Yet the results have been quite different. A recent study by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) found immigration has no impact on overall productivity. In Canada, it appears immigration is, in fact, working to reduce productivity given the chronic underemployment of immigrants in the country. According to some estimates, 20% of the increase in the U.S.-Canada productivity gap over the past decade can be attributed to immigration.
A male immigrant who arrived in Canada in the 1970s made about 80¢ on the dollar relative to a Canadian-born worker, and he was able to narrow the gap at a rate of roughly 1¢ per year. Today, despite the fact two-thirds of newcomers have post-secondary education, their earnings have dropped to close to 60¢ on the dollar and the gap are narrowing at a much slower pace. Nearly half of the individuals who immigrated to Canada between 2001 and 2006 are overqualified for the jobs they occupy.
This disparity is not without a price. I estimate that the current employment and wage gaps between new immigrants and native-born Canadians, cost the economy slightly more than $20-billion in forgone earnings. And more than 20% of working-age male immigrants leave the country within a year of arrival.
Addressing productivity is becoming increasingly crucial for the Canadian economy. An aging population means that just to stabilize the ratio of working-age to non-work in gage population would require tripling the annual number of new arrivals for decades — something not being contemplated. So without a significant increase in immigration-based productivity, the aging profile of the Canadian population will work to reduce the standard of living of all Canadians.
Many recent changes in Canada are modeled on Australia, which maintains a 50% smaller earnings gap between its native-born and non-native-born workers than Canada. The key here is the recent move by the Canadian government toward an increased use of temporary, employer-driven, lower-skilled workers, while still making it easier for successful temporary workers to gain permanent status through the Canadian Experience Class program.
However, the program should not grow much larger than its current size. Immigration policy should not be based on short-term job market considerations. Too heavy a reliance on short-term, unskilled foreign workers might improve job market flexibility in the near term but will reduce its growth potential in the long term due to the comparatively limited ability of low-skilled workers to adjust to changing labour market conditions.
Even the Federal Skilled Workers program, which is supposed to take a long-term approach, is not immune to short-term bias.
Out of the 29 preferred occupations in the FSW program, no less than one-third of preferred occupations are directly linked to the construction industry. It is not a stretch to imagine many of these immigrants will find it difficult to find or maintain employment in a slower housing market.
The FSW should direct its attention to the job market of tomorrow by developing an information infrastructure system designed to identify emerging trends in labour-market activity. That should be supplemented by a much simpler and efficient credential-recognition process. While difficult to achieve, the ideal situation would be to establish a single regulator assessing credentials for each occupation.
The bar on language proficiency should also be raised.
The move in Australia toward mandatory pre-immigration English-language testing in the late 1990s is probably the most important distinguishing factor explaining the performance advantage of Australian immigrants relative to the Canadian experience. In Canada, language skills have also proven critical to success. Those in the FSW program who are proficient in either national language are 50% more likely to find a job and earn close to 40% more than FSWs who are minimally proficient in either language.
Immigration is critical to Canada's economy but it is clear some inherent barriers exist that prevent us from reaping the full economic benefits new Canadians have to offer. We need to address these to continue to improve productivity and sustain our standard of living.
Benjamin Tal is deputy chief economist at Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
UPDATE 5:57 p.m. -- Here's the U.S. Soccer news release. Note that Sounders FC defender Jeff Parke has also been called in. They replace FC Dallas' George John, a Shoreline native, and L.A. Galaxy defender Omar Gonzalez, who are dealing with club-related matters (John: a potential transfer, Gonzalez: a potential loan).
As a result of the call ups, Evans and Parke will likely miss the first few days of Sounders FC's training camp, which will open later this month.
This is the first time that Parke has been called in to the national team. In October, he said that he was bothered by constantly being overlooked by the USMNT.
Overlooked, no longer.
* * *
I got a tip today that Sounders FC midfielder Brad Evans will be called into the U.S. men's national team camp in Glendale, Ariz. It sounds like an announcement could be coming soon.
I haven't been told who Evans might be replacing.
Coach Jurgen Klinsmann called in 20 players last month for a training camp that started Tuesday in preparation for friendlies against Venezuela (Jan. 21) and Panama (Jan. 25). The roster consists mostly of MLS players.
Evans, 26, earned his first three caps with the USMNT during the CONCACAF Gold Cup in the summer of 2009. He was last called into camp in February of 2010.
Kim Sirl, Ph.D. is a clinical psychologist with the Department of Psychology at St. Louis Children's Hospital who specializes in the cognitive-behavioral treatment of children ages 4-12 years. She works closely with many community pediatricians and the Movement Disorders Clinic at Washington Unive... View More
As a child psychologist and mother, I still struggle with the right words to share with my child – and I'm struggling especially hard this week.
How much do I share about the violence and chaos in Ferguson following yesterday's Grand Jury announcement, as well as attempt to explain the “why” behind it? How do I explain the distrust and anger many feel toward police officers, figures I was raised to believe keep us safe?
As parents, we need to recognize what our own core values are with regard to safety and authority, and communicate those values to our kids – preferably during times of calm, not emotional upheaval.
And when times are scary, you can use some of the following tips to communicate with your children:
Try to be in charge of what and how your child learns about the event. In general, it is a good idea to limit children's exposure to traumatic news stories and images. While adults may desire to stay informed, it is best to turn off the television when children are present. Inquire about how teachers are handling the news with students so you can monitor their exposure at school. When exposure is unavoidable, provide basic information about what happened at an age appropriate level. Brief, basic facts are typically appropriate for younger children, while older children and teens may have more questions. Don't overwhelm young children with too much information, but be sure to address questions as they arise. My colleague Dr. Kelly Ross has some practical advice to help parents share news about death. Do not assume that the child's worries and questions are the same as your own. Each child will understand and react differently. This will vary to some extent with age or developmental level, personality and pre-existing anxiety, and the manner in which the information is presented. Use open-ended statements and questions such as “Tell me what you know” and “What questions do you have?” rather than “Do you understand what happened?” and “Do you have any questions?” This will help you get a better sense of the child's understanding, worries and desire for more information. Acknowledge the events in a calm way and provide reassurance about the child's own safety and security. Be honest – don't tell children something “could never happen” here, or to them – but minimize anxiety by talking about the relative likelihood and the isolated nature of this particular event. Focus on their parents' and caregivers' ability and efforts to keep them safe from harm. Keep your own emotions in check. Exposure to scary news is upsetting and overwhelming for adults. It is natural to be emotional at times. However, children look to their parents and other significant adults for a sense of whether or not things are “o.k.” Parents often serve as a child's “barometer” regarding their own safety and security. It is important for parents to manage their own stress level and to have other adults to talk to about the news.
As I watch the footage unfolding in Ferguson and around our community, perhaps a final note of advice I can give is to remember when you're angry and scared, the part of the brain responsible for thinking and judgment is not working well. When upset, people often just react and this can make a bad situation worse. Being a part of a group can create a lot of good feelings – -participating in a peace rally or cheering on the Cardinals, for example. But in times of stress and confusion, mob behavior can cause people do to things they wouldn't normally do. Walk away from the chaos until you can clear your head and make safe choices.
If you feel like your child is struggling particularly hard, you can call 314.454.8336 for advice, or 314.454.5437 to schedule an appointment.
An $800 floating fence seems to have settled a long-time dispute between farmers and paddlers in agricultural Manitoba.
Tensions have simmered for decades between the two groups when it comes to the narrow streams and rivers that criss-cross fields and pastures.
During the dry season — mainly, the fall — cattle farmers string up barbed wire to prevent their cows from escaping in the low waters.
The fences, which are strung across some popular canoe routes, are then cut by canoeists who prefer to not have jagged wires leave gashes on their person or boat.
"The canoeists often carry [scissors] in their canoes in case they come across any fences to snip them because they can be quite lethal," said Jodi Goerzen, district manager for the Seine-Rat River Conservation District.
"If they don't snip their way through there's been some cases where they actually can catch up in it, with their neck, and it can get quite gruesome with barbed wire when you don't see it."
A farmer asked the conservation district to come up with a way to keep cows in their place and allow paddlers to pass without incident.
"Our project supervisor Chris Randall basically was searching the web and he found this model in Montana," she said. "Lo and behold it worked."
The model is a thick wire hung from two fence posts on opposing sides of the river. Hanging along the wire are PCV pipes that brush against the surface of the water.
"The cattle won't cross it because it's a visible barrier so they don't know it's just a floating fence and the canoers can just canoe right on through it," said Goerzen.
"It's been described as a [looking] like giant wind chime or a giant curtain."
Goerzen said she hopes the plastic curtains help settle the long-standing "unspoken disagreement."
"It works really well for both sides," she said.
The total cost for materials was $800, while the Seine-Rat River Conservation District and farmer provided free labour to install the floating fence.
Goerzen said other landowners have called her office to ask to sign up for fences.
"For such a small project it's really gained a lot of support and we've got a lot of landowners on the list that want one put in on their creek as well."
The floating fences will be removed before temperatures freeze to clear the way for snowmobilers, she added.
TAMPA — Somewhere deep in the fog of depression, Breanna Eaton made a call.
She needed help, she told the University of South Florida's counseling center.
After class, she would lie in bed and sob until sleep overtook her. She'd stare at the quotes on her mirror — You're worth more than harming yourself, or her favorite Bible verse, She is clothed with strength and dignity — and cry, willing herself to believe them.
Just try to be happy, her husband would say, driving her to campus when Eaton felt more like a rag doll than a person. Showering became overwhelming, migraines and nausea disorienting. She felt trapped in her own exhausted brain, screening calls from her niece, unable to find words to describe the depths of this smothering numbness.
Counselors were on call for students in crisis, the USF center told her. Eaton was desperate, but was this an emergency? She made a regular appointment, two to three weeks away.
She hung up, then reconsidered. In the past, she had hurt herself when she wasn't getting help. She knew she couldn't wait so long.
• • •
Florida's higher education leaders are calling it a crisis. College students wait up to a month for appointments at short-staffed centers. They get shorter appointments, less often, as universities flounder under the pressure of unprecedented demand for mental health services.
As enrollment has boomed, counseling staff hasn't kept pace. Effects of budget cuts linger. Meanwhile, more and more students with serious mental health issues are entering college.
The Florida Legislature rejected a push for more mental health funding last year, but higher education leaders have returned with a bigger request. With a $14.5 million investment, universities could hire 137 new staffers for counseling centers.
"We know that the number of counselors we need per student is way off at every university," said Norman Tripp, a member of the state's higher education board and a leader of the charge. "We know for a fact that students who need immediate service are told that they have to come back three or four weeks later. We know that when they should be providing a one-hour service, they're getting a half hour."
Ten of Florida's 12 state universities fail to meet recommended staffing levels of 1 counselor per 1,000 students. The ratio goes as high as 1 to 3,400.
USF, where the need is highest, stands to gain the most. With 25 new hires on the table, staff would more than double.
Some experts worry that without a serious commitment to collegiate mental health, many students will face serious long-term harm.
"If we do nothing," said USF psychology professor Jonathan Rottenberg, "we're going to have something of a lost generation."
• • •
The college years are a hot spot for mental health issues. Friends, family and all things familiar are stripped away as students enter the major leagues of academic and social stress.
"Depression and anxiety rear their heads at that moment," Rottenberg said.
But the problem is intensifying, leaving experts pointing to a litany of factors: financial stress, a millennial "lack of resilency," social media that both aids connection and fuels isolation. Better treatments have also opened college doors for those with serious psychological issues.
The numbers bear out the trend. Reports by Pennsylvania State University have found that counseling center use has far outpaced enrollment growth.
A 2016 American College Health Association survey found that 58 percent of students had felt overwhelming anxiety in the last year, and 37 percent reported feeling so depressed it was "difficult to function." A national survey of counseling center directors in 2014 found that more than half of clients had severe psychological problems — a steep increase from 16 percent in 2000.
In Florida, over a six-year period, student counseling clients have jumped nearly 50 percent.
• • •
"Cut the umbilical cord," Breanna Eaton says her mother always told her. It was like her mom didn't want to believe what she was seeing, that it was depression and a vicious eating disorder that kept Eaton close to home in Tulsa.
Eaton dipped in and out of "her moods," as her family called them. She cut herself. When her mom finally told her she needed help, Eaton cried.
A therapist helped. So did in-patient treatment and the birth of her niece. Eaton decided to leave Oklahoma. She got into USF, aloft on hope. She would be a counselor one day.
But depression's shadow followed her to Florida. Maybe Eaton shouldn't have signed up for classes that fall, after a stint at Tampa Bay Behavioral Health, but she was grasping for routine.
When USF listed a wait time in weeks, she was adrift again.
• • •
Not long after arriving at USF for medical school, Nikos Karakashian made an appointment. With all of the stress to come, he knew being proactive was key.
In counseling, he worked to build a more intentional life.
"I've always looked at it as something that you can do to promote health, not just something you would do to remedy an illness," he said.
Now 27, a fourth-year student in the Morsani College of Medicine, Karakashian said having a regular counselor can give students stability and hope.
"It helps people feel like you're not alone, that progress is being made, that there's someone out there who, if you need, you can give a call," he said. "It's a relief."
USF's counseling center prizes access and quality care above all. But in these days of increased demand, the center has extended hours and made adjustments so its wait list doesn't grow unwieldy.
Students are encouraged to try group therapy. Between sessions, they can drop in on mindfulness seminars or try online modules. In the last six weeks of the semester, USF slashes sessions in half to keep students churning through.
Last year, the center served nearly 2,900 clients, most for anxiety, stress and depression. Sessions are free and unlimited. At the semester's peak, students wait up to 14 days for counseling. For a more intensive psychiatric appointment, housed in Student Health Services, students may wait 18 days. Urgent needs take priority.
"When students are in a mental health crisis, it's not something where you can say, 'Hang in there, see you in the morning,' " said Dr. Joe Puccio, medical director of USF's Student Health Services and interim co-director of the counseling center. "When they're in crisis, they're in crisis."
With more staffers, USF could further extend hours and bring students in earlier, instead of at critical moments, said Lisa Ferdinand, interim co-director.
"We would do more outreach, more consultation, more education," she said. "I think we're all hopeful that it will happen."
• • •
On Wednesday, in the cavernous sunlit center of Florida Poly's main academic building, a question hung over the state's higher education leaders in their suits and ties.
How can they make the strongest case for this need?
Slides on TV screens showed dramatic increases in student well-being after counseling. Surveys showed rising retention and graduation rates. Colorful bubbles framed testimonials: "My life felt like it was up in flames when I first started counseling. My counselor really helped me."
Board of Governors chairman Tom Kuntz said he worried that the picture seemed too rosy. To make the case for funding, he said, the board would need to show the reality of the crisis.
"When the students come to see the counselors, there's dramatic success," Kuntz said. "However, we don't have the counselors we need, so the next slide should be showing, here's our deficiency and why we're sounding the alarm and asking for a lot of money."
A few leaders asked why, if the problem was a crisis, universities hadn't prioritized it already.
"It's like a triple tsunami," explained Jan Ignash, the board's chief academic officer. "It's a perfect storm. It's unprecedented."
The board's student representative, Jacob Hebert of the University of West Florida, called it a symptom of the system's pressure on students to perform.
"We are trying to be more competitive while maintaining a higher level of students," he said. "We have to treat the side effects, and this is the side effect."
After the discussion adjourned, USF System president Judy Genshaft vowed to fight for funding in Tallahassee.
"We need to work very hard to make a difference in the staffing of our counselors," Genshaft said. "Student success is all about feeling good mentally."
USF also has plans for a wellness center complex that would expand space for health needs, including psychiatric services.
Creating a system of care isn't enough, said Rep. Kathleen Peters, R-South Pasadena, a mental health advocate. "If we don't fund it, it's meaningless," she said.
• • •
Her grades slipping, Breanna Eaton called a therapist she'd seen before, outside of USF. She got an appointment in a few days.
Together, they decided she would drop her classes for the fall 2016 semester. Eaton knew she'd be back when she was ready.
She's easy to find in her behavioral health care classes now, with bright blue and purple hair. She still sees outside specialists on her own dime.
"I need to be able to just schedule it when I need it," she said.
She's always writing down quotes for her mirror to remind herself she's strong, a warrior. The depression lingers, but she knows who to call.
Contact Claire McNeill at [email protected] or (727) 893-8321.
A harsh four year drought, along with poor national infrastructures, has driven hundreds of thousands of Syrian farmers off their land in the country's northeastern section. The land where wheat grew abundantly is dry, and provides no sustenance.
The United Nations estimates that 800,000 people had to leave their homes. Most relocated to camps at the entrance to cities, and have no access to electricity or running water. The residents complain that there are no schools, either, in the camps, and that many of the children have to work to sustain their families.
Those who remain in the villages sell their belongings for food and require aid from the UN and the Syrian government. The World Food Program (WFP) has begun distributing food to more than 200,000 people who stayed on the farms, and the Red Cross is funding delivery of water to them.
"We don't want to provide assistance to these people where they are now, and create a dependency syndrome," says Muhannad Hani, WFP country manager, regarding the refugees who reached the camps. "Those people are farmers,” he told the BBC. “We're working in partnership with the government to make sure that those people return to that place and resume what they've been doing for decades and centuries," he said.
Thank you, our backers! You believed that pinhole photography has a place in the world now dominated by smartphones and milion pixels DSLR's. Two years ago you helped bring to life the first series of the ONDU pinhole cameras. The overwhelming support and the enthusiasm helped us to build a new workshop, and enabled us to join the two thing we are most passionate about. Woodworking and cameras!
Check out the ONDU Pinhole Flickr group gallery
We worked and collaborated with numerous backers and supporters from all over the world, to improve and even more simplify the new range of ONDU's! Your feedback and experiences in real life were the most important thing that kept our minds open for new possibilities. This time we need your support once again. Our know-how in woodworking has increased exponentially and so has the research about cameras. Together we can create wonders!
WHAT IS A PINHOLE CAMERA?
For those who are just entering the world of pinhole photography, let us quickly explain what's it all about. A pinhole camera uses a tiny hole to project an image onto photographic material. Because of that small hole, the images created with this type of camera can not be replicated with any lens based camera.
We are taking pictures more than ever, up to the point that we don't take notice anymore. With pinhole photography you learn to take it slow, people cue up to get their shot taken with a pinhole camera, and you are left with more than just an image, you relive the memory. These are the feelings that are driving me to make pinhole pictures and ONDU makes it easy for everybody to do so.
More info about our stretch goals can be found here!
The new cameras are as well made from locally harvested and FSC certified walnut and maple wood. The inverted darker design will help the camera look beautiful for a longer time, and will not catch any stains that would otherwise happen with a lighter wood type. The wood joints have been redesigned and tested making the ONDU stronger and sturdier than ever. And to top it all, wallnut gives out an amazing scent when being worked on!
Let us guide you to some of the improvemets that we've made in the new cameras. We worked together with our backers and supporters all over the world while gathering off the field informations on what could we do to make the cameras even better!
There are now a total of 14 magnets that work together to make this a simple and functional camera. They hold in the backplate in place, secure the winding pins and film and work in tandem with the stop pin to make exposures easy! We finally found a solution on how to keep them permanently in place with the help of our friends from Dropcatch! Yay Magnets!
We learn to frame naturally with a pinhole camera, but that takes time to practice, and even then we are never completely sure about the final outcome. That's why we have laser engraved a field of view on every camera to make it easier. And for those panoramic enthusiasts there's also a built-in levelling bulb to keep the horizons straight! While we are talking about engravings, just to make sure were getting to that next shot, all cameras that require winding have the winding direction engraved on the top. Lefty loosey, righty tighty doesn't work here.
One of the most important changes was done to the shutter. The change was inspired by our friend Adam J. Piper that modified his ONDU 6x12 to include a stop pin that stops the shutter while closing.The resulting pictures were absolute proof that a stop pin was necessary, we made it so it works both ways, opening and closing. The pin works together with the built-in magnets to make shaky exposures a thing of the past!
We were approached with a concept by Mr.Christian Weigang from Germany. Who told us about his recalculations of the current know pinhole size optimisations. He took into account not just he is focal length ( the distance light has to travel to reach in our case film ) but also the field of view that we are trying to cover. These are slight but important changes, that make for more equal exposures. All pinholes are now drilled with a high precision laser in a brass plate 0,025mm in thickness. To protect the actual pinhole and keep it centered, it's now nestled in a black anodized aluminium housing.
The 120mm cameras now run much smoother while winding, thanks to a guide pin that holds the film in place. This alleviates the tension and prevents scratches on the film. The viewing ports for the 120mm film have also been enlarged and chamfered to make frame counting a breeze!
The cameras are coated two times with a mixture of natural oils and beeswax designed specially for hardwood flooring. This will keep the camera crisp and clean for years to come. And unlike synthetic varnishes it can be reapplied at any time in the future.
Who makes those? My mom!
Our backers suggested that we make a carry bag for the ONDU's! Wish granted, every camera will come supplied with a two layer carry bag to protect the cameras while taking them on that Mount Kilimanjaro trip! The inside fabric is black, to prevent accidental exposures and did we mention our mom makes those?
ONDU 6x12 MULTIFORMAT
The beginner ONDU, with a simple to frame angle of view that uses regular 35mm film.
A small multi-format it can shoot leica 24x36mm or 24x72 for an amazing field of view. All those panoramic views just waiting!
The most sought after ONDU, small in size but still makes amazing square wide angle memories. Uses 120 film.
For all the classics out there a dedicated 6x9 ONDU with a focal length of 40mm that makes a nice 103° viewing angle.
The all around camera, choose from three different formats - 6x6 | 6x9 | 6x12 - before loading the film and you are set to go. Focal length is 40mm.
Large format classic, fixed focal length with a easy to manage 100° field of view. Use it with film or photographic paper.
ONDURAMA eats up 120 film like nothing, in return it produces amazing 140°panoramic images with minimum falloff thanks to it's curved plane design.
Suitable for use with film or photographic paper the ONDU 5"x 7" covers a field of view of 100° diagonally. This one does not fit in a pocket!
The TRIFOCUS is a special trifocal-length camera that can shoot wide, semi wide and normal angles! The modular cassettes are held together with strong magnets making it easy to stack and take apart.
GIANT that's what this camera is, it makes huge 8x10" images that speak for themselves! There will be only 50 of these up for grabs.
We have made many prototypes of the current versions of cameras over the last 2 years, consulted with our backers and users from all over the world and if it was possible the modification was made. The next step is the Kickstarter campaign, where YOU will play the most important role. All our suppliers for raw materials have been notified and are on standby. After the campaign we will make some minor modifications to the workshop to make the camera production as smooth as possible. With this we hope to start making your cameras by the beginning of August and if we don't get many Murphy moments the cameras will arrive at your doorstep right on time!
I ( Elvis ) am an industrial designer and carpenter with a long lasting passion for photography, especially alternative photographic processes. Pinhole photography falls into that group just perfectly and I was hooked on this type of making images since I made my first one way back in 2006. After years of studying design, learning woodworking techniques and making countless different types of pinhole cameras I'm super excited too see what we can do for the future of Pinhole and photography in general! Benjamin is my younger brother, but don't let the age fool you, he is my right hand man in the workshop and when he's in the mood the attention he pays to details is amazing. Together with Beni my dad and my friend Žiga Miklavc we are a well tuned ONDU Pinhole camera making machine!
Elvis and Beni, his younger bigger brother.
Special thanks to all of those who made this campaign possible:
Niko Klanšek | Business advisor
Matej Nahtigal | Video and campaign
Jurij Vižintin | Video and light
Mr.Christian Weigang | Pinhole dimensions calculations and concept
DJ Borka | Again with the amazing soundtrack for the video
Jure Knehtl | web advertising
All the amazing Pinholers out there, sorry if I forgot someone you all rock:
Jana Obscura, Jeff Mcconell, Michael Feurstein, Gunnar Eld, Adam J. Piper, Jansen Tang, Herald Deischinger, Steven Boelaars and many more!:)
Karen Rocznik, CTV Winnipeg
A CTV News investigation has revealed that fish purchased at three branches of a Winnipeg fish market is not what it claims to be.
Last December, a former employee at Gimli Fish Market on Pembina Highway said he discovered boxes of zander cheeks from Kazakhstan, but with a separate label on it from Gimli Fish claiming they were wild Manitoba pickerel cheeks.
Glenn Lockhart said he questioned staff on the different labels, but said he never received an answer about the discrepancy.
"It leads me to believe that maybe you can't trust any of the labels there, " said Lockhart.
So, CTV decided to do its own testing.
On March 9 and 10, CTV went to three different Gimli Fish Market locations on Pembina Highway, Dufferin Avenue and St. Mary's Road and purchased four samples of the frozen wild Manitoba pickerel cheeks.
At two of the locations, staff confirmed the cheeks were from Lake Winnipeg in Manitoba.
We then sent the samples to the Biodiversity Institute at the University of Guelph for DNA-barcode testing.
The results show all four samples of the fish were not Manitoba pickerel, as the labels claimed.
Institute director Evgeny Zakharov oversaw the testing of the fish and confirmed to CTV that the samples were zander, a species of fish from the perch family, which is common to fresh waters and brackish waters in parts of Eurasia, but not Lake Winnipeg.
Local fishers also tell CTV news that zander usually sells for two dollars less a pound than Manitoba pickerel cheeks.
CTV contacted the owner of Gimli Fish Market, Karen Olson, who provided the following statement indicating the fish was mislabeled in error:
“Gimli Fish Market sells both Manitoba pickerel cheeks and European pickerel cheeks.
In our inventory, European pickerel cheeks have a different code from Manitoba pickerel cheeks. It appears that there was a labelling error between the two codes.
If any Gimli Fish customers feel they have purchased a mislabelled product, please bring it in for an exchange. Manitoba pickerel cheeks are in stock at all stores.”
But Lockhart insists consumers need to be careful. “Buyer beware. Don't trust the stickers. Don't trust the labels”.
According to the Canadian Food Inspection Agency's website, in Canada, the species of fish known as zander can be labelled as European pickerel, European walleye or pike-perch, but not as Manitoba pickerel.
The CFIA's fish list of acceptable names is available online.
An alarming proportion of cops' websites lack any form of automatic secure connection, meaning sensitive data is potentially communicated in plain unencrypted text – according to research.
Findings from non-profit body the Centre for Public Safety revealed that almost one-quarter of police sites lack any automatic secure connection in a review of 71 websites.
Of these missing automatic SSL, more than 70 per cent (12 agencies) invited users to submit personal data – and in some cases information specifically relating to criminal activity – via these unsecured connections exposing the public to unnecessary risk.
Only 27 per cent demonstrated the highest "world-class" standard of secure connection, said the report.
The body said the finding were particularly concerning given police and crime commissioners and are banking on savings from digital transformation - which will see more services go online.
The report also found little connection between total spend on technology and performance. For example, the Metropolitan Police which spent in excess of £110m on just one IT supplier in 2014/15 but was only awarded a mid-ranking cybersecurity grade C.
Such a score means its server may be vulnerable to the POODLE attack and that it likely uses older protocols.
In contrast Dorset, Durham and Warwickshire, which have more limited IT budgets, were awarded the top A grade.
Rory Geoghegan, founder of the Centre for Public Safety, said forces were at risk of losing public trust and jeopardising public safety.
He said: “It's 2016. The internet is not new, the cybersecurity threat is not new, and yet some police forces and their IT providers seem to think it is acceptable to pay large sums of taxpayer money for insecure technology.”
Some forces' security rankings even deteriorated after their sites received a refresh. When first tested in July 2016, Cheshire Constabulary scored a "C" grade.
By September 2016, following the launch of a new “upgraded” website, the connection was less secure achieving only an "F" grade, meaning it was vulnerable to the POODLE attack and had increased vulnerability to man-in-the-middle (MITM) attacks.
The report recommends forces and organisations should take remedial action to bring their online services to the highest security standards.
"This action can be easily achieved for the majority of services, involving simple configuration changes to the server. The changes required are achievable by anyone with basic server administration skills,” said the report.
Rising cybersecurity threats will mean the police service can expect to be a more appealing target, it warned. ®
1 of 2 2 of 2
The B.C. Greens often say they want to do politics differently.
Last week in the legislature, Saanich North and the Islands MLA Adam Olsen offered one example.
He stood up in the house and started reading quotes from letters he received from Gulf Islands secondary school students who visited the legislature.
They painted a grim image of MLA's conduct during question period.
Here's a transcript of Olsen's remarks:
"I asked them to provide their feedback on what they saw in question period. Here's my report, and it's just a sample.
"Malia wrote: 'I was definitely not expecting to see so many grown men who are Members of Parliament speaking to each other with such aggression and almost violence.'
"Celia wrote: 'It seemed like a bunch of kids fighting to see who could get the candy first. I think it would be ideal if they listened to each other and waited to hear the answer, instead of interrupting and banging on desks.'
Video of Statement: GISS students address decorum in Question Period
"Samantha: 'Unfortunately, to put it lightly, everyone's reaction mirrored that of a kindergarten classroom, and that is an insult to kindergartens everywhere.'
"Aremis wrote: 'Behaviour which is considered beastly in public and unacceptable in schools is openly encouraged during question period.'
"Quinn wrote: 'It was depressing and disappointing that the people in our literal government act like that. The conduct during question period is really poor, and I find that really sad.'
"Nicholas wrote:'“I've been to a rodeo with more civility than I witnessed in the House.'
"Eve wrote: 'At least half of the question period was spent calling each other names, banging on tables, interrupting each other and telling people to shut up and sit down. I believe it is a disrespectful way to treat each other but also a disrespectful way to treat our province.'
"Fraser wrote: 'I cannot bear to think of the precious time wasted banging on tables and calling each other names that instead could be put into creating a better province for all British Columbians.'
"Thank you to the GISS students, our future leaders, for their frank observations. During my first session in this house, I have heard the theatre of question period defended regularly. I will not accept the rationalization that this is the way it is and so it is the way it will always be. I am committed, and I accept their challenge."
VAST is a light-weight network library that supports Spatial Publish Subscribe (SPS) so that virtual worlds such as MMOGs and Second Life can be built more scalably.
Existing virtual worlds rely on static resource provisioning and partitioning that are expensive to deploy and have inherent scalability limits. VAST intends to provide an open source alternative that is scalable, affordable, and easily deployable.
VAST will have these properties due to a peer-to-peer (P2P) design, so that resource nodes can be added or removed any time, and dynamic load balancing is possible. VAST relies on a Voronoi-based Overlay Network (VON), which performs neighbor discovery and spatial queries in bounded amount of time (i.e., the query time does not increase as more nodes join the system). Additionally, VAST uses VSO to perform load balancing, and VoroCast to distribute messages via forwarding.
VAST is also designed to be an experimentable middleware consisting of three major components: network-layer, protocol and simulator. Each is intended to be as self-contained as possible, and may be developed separately by different parties. This allows new algorithms or simulators be tried and tested for VAST's properties and performance.
VAST utilizes existing open source software whenever possible. Specifically, Steven Fortune's sweepline algorithm is currently used for constructing Voronoi diagrams, and ACE is used as the underlying network layer to provide cross-platform extensibility.
VAST is under the GNU's Lesser General Public License (LGPL) and can be downloaded here.
any questions/comments/inquiries? please contact us
Now Hindutva forces have taken to WhatsApp to save the ‘honour' of ‘their' women. Reacting to Facebook and WhatsApp messages by an outfit calling itself ‘Muslim Defence Force' warning ‘their' women to not talk to men of other religions, a message is being circulated on WhatsApp, warning Hindu women against engaging with men of other religions.
‘Hindutva factory
IT act
Bangalore Mirror had reported on Dec 5, In, how Muslim moral police had sent out messages warning both men and women of ‘unIslamic' activities.The WhatsApp message that is in Kannada reads, "A warning bell to a few Hindu women. Henceforth, in case you are trapped with a guy, be it from any religion including ours in parks, hotels or lodges, you along with the guy will be given ‘prasad'.“The message elaborates the meaning of prasad. “We will see to it that you reach your house in a procession and a garland of chappals,” it says. “We are not bothered if women rights are violated. We do not mind running around courts,” the message reads.The message justifies this ‘crusade' citing the dire consequences of such alliances.“Today you will go with your friend, but will not know that he is ‘mixed'. When it is known that he is from another religion, there will be an attack by the organisation and will be followed by communal tension; there will be a bandh and business will be brought to a halt,” it reads. The message lays the onus of the consequences on the women. “You will be responsible when people who earn in your house are also affected,” it reads. The message, however, makes it clear that the warning is not applied to ‘girls with repute'. A suo motu case was registered at Barke police station under section 66(a) of theand 506 of the IPC.
Paris Lees: 'At college, most people thought feminist meant man-hater'
There were plenty of feminists on TV in the early 90s, and I always sided with these tough ladies, the ones that didn't see men as their superiors. Raised by my mum, my gran and my aunty and bullied by a father I despised, child-me was certain that women couldn't be the inferior gender. Teenage me wondered why there even have to be an inferior gender – or, in fact, gender at all. Couldn't we all just do our own thing and be nice to each other? At college, most people thought feminist meant "man-hater". This excluded men from feminism, including me, because, at the time, I looked like a boy.
It was a figurative kick in the teeth being born male – but when I was younger, I also got actual kicks in the face for "acting girly". Feminists have long fought to protect women from violence and I wish more of those with big platforms would discuss the very real abuse trans people suffer, often daily.
Early into my transition, I read Germaine Greer's The Whole Woman. It contained polemics about trans women in female toilets; suggesting we were men pretending to be women, trying to invade women's spaces. It's good to read authors one disagrees with. Greer caused me to question my identity, and form a more complex one. She was right: I am not a woman in the way my mother is; I haven't experienced female childhood; I don't menstruate. I won't give birth. Yes, I have no idea what it feels like to be another woman – but nor do I know what it feels like to be another man. How can anyone know what it feels like to be anyone but themselves? Strangely, thanks to Greer, I now know that I am happiest as me.
I do feel sorry for some of the feminist old guard, though. That fire they had in their bellies, that righteous indignation… it must be a shock to find they've joined the ranks of a chattering establishment, complicit in the oppression of others. I'm sure they never planned it.
I'm trans and feminist. Most of my female friends in their 20s are feminist too, though few call it that. We see ourselves as equal to others, even if they don't. We struggle to earn the same as our male peers, to be heard as much, to see as much of ourselves in public and political life. But we've progressed, through feminism and the idea that people should be treated equally despite what fate pops between your legs at birth. Who wouldn't support that? As Dale Spender so eloquently puts it:
"Feminism has fought no wars. It has killed no opponents. It has set up no concentration camps, starved no enemies, and practised no cruelties… Its battles have been for education, for the vote, for better working conditions, for safety on the streets, for childcare, for social welfare, for rape crisis clinics, women's refuges, reforms in the laws. If someone says, "Oh, I'm not a feminist!" I ask, 'Why? What's your problem?'"
Well, here's the thing. The trans movement, fuelled by the radical notion that trans people are valid humans, hasn't fought any wars either. No killing. No concentration camps. Our battles are for dignity, not to be ridiculed, abused, and murdered for who we are; to have our privacy respected by the media, to be free from harassment under the law; free to use the toilet – free to pee.
• Paris Lees is editor of Meta, a unique digital magazine that celebrates gender diversity; she is also acting assistant editor at Gay Times
Jane Fae: Feminism as academic dogma is a very cold fish
The process of gender transitioning never ends. Along the way I have experienced joy and sadness. Most joyful, perhaps, is a sense that pervades and prevails over all the rest: "I'm home". Speaking it now I could weep at that simple truth, recognising, though I had never been there before, a place that in my heart I never left: womanhood. I am home to a place where people speak, share, support and engage emotionally in ways that feel as natural as breath.
Times two for feminism, where there's all that and common purpose too. Women from all walks of life, all classes, ethnicities, orientations and history, are joined to support each other as best they can. Those with power and privilege lending it to those without, those without banding together to create their own strength. There is something magnificent about it, something strong and resilient too.
I didn't get this before my transition because feminism as creed, or academic dogma, is a very cold fish indeed. The impulse is to engage with it intellectually except that, by engaging intellect alone, too often the point is missed. Feminism needs to be lived.
Then there's "privilege". Ah yes: I had that once. Living as a guy, I was safer, less subject to random street assault, better able to maintain my personal space, not judged on my looks. All major pluses. But apart from not ever really being a guy, I missed out work-wise, career-wise, and socially by spending too much energy on trying to live a role I didn't understand.
That's gone now. Being home, I function better. Life works, it has slotted into place. Do I mind my loss of privilege? Of course, but I've not joined the feminist bandwagon to get it back – as if! I know I have privilege that non-trans women don't, but I also endure oppressions that are pretty much unique to women of trans history. Women have different pasts, you see; different lived experience. But our lives also have many similarities.
Some wrongs that I never experienced before, I experience now: from being patronised and sidelined in meetings to feeling fear when walking alone late at night. Others, I hope I never will: the extremes of despair that result from economic degradation; domestic abuse and humiliation. For that, too, is the point. I can and do campaign on issues where I personally have been wronged, but I have a voice and empathy to use for other women in different situations from mine.
I am not here to lead or to lecture, but to join and to share. I have come home. I will defend it as fiercely and as long as I am able.
• Jane Fae is a feminist and writer on issues of political and sexual liberty
CL Minou: 'Feminism is an inclusive force'
I remain an optimist when it comes to feminism, and my own occasionally problematic place within it. Perhaps it's because I have to believe that the struggle to improve the lives of women won't leave me behind, and that if feminism is the "radical belief that women are people", then there's room for the radical belief that trans women are people too.
I believe in a feminism that recognises that oppression against one is oppression against many, and that even within the more narrow scope of misogyny, there are always other factors: race, nationality, religion, social class, age – we are all caught in a web of power relationships, and as nice as it would be to focus on one strand to the exclusion of others, that won't mean that you're any less caught by the rest.
Perhaps because of my age – I am a member of Generation X – I find myself caught between the faithless promises and never-ending culture wars of the boomers and the matter-of-fact egalitarianism of the millennials. But in the circles I have walked in, feminism is an inclusive force: they are feminists who not only accept my womanhood and place in their struggle, but are also willing to fight for the particulars of my own. Helen Boyd, the writer and activist who organised an online support forum for trans people and their partners, is a committed and no-nonsense feminist who put iron into my previously wishy-washy "people are equal" feminism. From Helen I came to the writings of bell hooks and Julia Serano, two authors whose books gave me the uncanny sense of finally putting on paper all the inchoate ideas that had been lurking in my own skull. These three women were the catalyst for my own writing and activism.
I think many feminists here in the US remain baffled by the exclusionary and prejudiced attitudes of so many prominent UK feminists. Perhaps it's a cultural difference. In north America, the vanguard of the 1970s feminists were followed by a group that had to confront the unexamined racial and class bias present in the women's rights movement. Maybe it's because academia has been less important in the civil rights struggle in the US. But I really don't see how, to paraphrase Audre Lorde, using the master's tools will ever tear down the master's house.
• CL Minou writes frequently on feminist and transgendered issues
Stuart Crawford: 'Trans people have unique perspectives on sex and gender'
I'm a transvestite, in that I often wear what are generally deemed women's clothes. I don't set out to "pass" as a woman; it's just that most people tend to assume that I am one and I'm disinclined to correct them. While often reluctant to describe myself as such, I consider myself to be a feminist.
Feminism means different things to different people. My own feminism is rooted in my experience of everyday sexism. Few things open your eyes to the disparity in how men and women are treated than being able to easily flit between gender presentations. As a white, not visibly disabled man, you are Default Human, able to walk the streets with a minimum of hassle. As an apparent woman – no matter how modestly dressed – you're an immediate target for catcalls, wolf-whistles, and grasping hands.
I feel relatively safe, for all that, when I walk in the guise of a woman. Over the years I've got pretty good at talking my way out of trouble. It's only when I have to spend time in close quarters with people that the fear sets in. Fear of how quickly the unwanted sexual attention will turn to violence if I'm "discovered"; if the wandering hands wander into something they weren't expecting to find. There's not much that draws out violence like causing people to question their own sexuality. Misogyny, transphobia, homophobia: these things are interwoven.
My experiences sensitised me to some of the myriad injustices to which women are constantly subjected. They prompted me to discuss them with my female friends, and gradually I learned about the ones my experiences hadn't prepared me for: the friend who was fired because, unlike her co-workers, she wasn't prepared to put up with her boss groping her; the friend who found she was being candidly photographed by fellow students on her 95% male college course; the friend who was raped by a partner; the partner who was raped by a member of her family.
Many of these friends are, like myself, hesitant to label themselves feminists. The transphobia of second-wavers isn't just insulting and offensive, it's also damaging to the feminist movement. Trans people have unique perspectives on sex and gender, and to exclude our voices from the discussion is to do feminism a disservice. The personal is political, after all.
• Stuart Crawford is a Glaswegian photographer and film-maker
We all know that the feature phone market is dying and the mobile app market is hot. And that is what makes short-term investment decisions very tricky indeed. When everyone is widely aware of certain trends, everyone on Wall Street tends to scramble to the same side of the boat simultaneously. But sometimes, the boat tips.
Nokia's (NOK) 2Q12 report had two major surprises. The company managed to sell 4 million Lumia phones, about 1 million above consensus. But perhaps even more importantly, Nokia showed +4% sequential feature phone volume increase when Wall Street expected -4% volume decline. The feature phone market is still dying — but the process may be a bit slower than anticipated and Nokia just might be grabbing share in a shrinking market.
The combination of beating both smartphone and feature phone expectations did not light a rocket under Nokia share price immediately after the July 19th earnings report. But as days went by, more and more investors shorting Nokia began concluding that the company may not face the short-term cash crunch the bears had been salivating about. Shorts started covering their bets, which means they had to buy Nokia shares to exit their positions. The wave of buying built into a tsunami. Then, like clockwork, rumors (probably entirely fabricated) about possible M&A action began popping up again.
In less than two weeks, Nokia's share price swung up by more than 45% from its mid-July lows.
Zynga (ZNGA) has executed a neat mirror maneuver. As everyone knows, social and mobile gaming are hot growth industries. Zynga made a bold move by coughing up more than $200 million for OMGPOP, the developer of the hot “Draw Something” game — back in March. The new entity seemed to be on the verge of grasping the whole non-console gaming zeitgeist and running with it. Everyone knew this, and analysts like Wedbush's Michael Pachter slapped giddy $17 price targets on Zynga's stock as they jumped on the bandwagon.
Two problems. First, Zynga has always been notorious about cloning the same exact game mechanics for all of its Facebook resource management products, and that monotony finally started catching up with the company in in the second quarter. Second, the upgrades for “Draw Something” were spectacularly ill-advised.
Mobile games are not neat packages — they are living entities requiring careful upgrade pathway design and quality improvements. Perhaps as a result of the Zynga acquisition, “Draw Something” was not tended well. In May, it started slipping badly on the iPhone paid app chart, dropping out of top 20 by the end of the month. By end of June, the hottest mobile game of March was out of top 50. The diamond in Zynga's crown had cracked in less than three months.
By August 1st, Zynga's share price had plummeted by roughly 50% from its July highs. Instead of soaring to $17, it slumped below $3.
People shorting Nokia and going long Zynga for the past month have gotten their clocks cleaned. The feature phone market is still dying, Lumia is still facing a mountain to climb and mobile gaming is growing at a heady pace. But in the short term, following the most obvious trends evident in USA Today headlines can often be a tough row to hoe.
— Rolfe Winkler is a Reuters columnist. The views expressed are his own —
By Rolfe Winkler
NEW YORK, July 6 (Reuters) – Credit default swaps nearly brought down the world financial system last fall when it was discovered that AIG Financial Products had written hundreds of billions of dollars worth of credit protection without setting aside sufficient reserves. Yet since then, pathetically little has been done to get this corner of the derivatives market under control. There's a simple way to fix the problem. Regulate CDS as insurance. That could happen if some state insurance legislators get their way.
Treating these financial weapons of mass destruction as insurance rather than swaps would subject them to sensible regulation. But Wall Street is fighting the idea because it would hammer profits and, more importantly, force them to reduce leverage.
Are credit default swaps insurance? As with insurance contracts, the seller of credit protection promises to reimburse the buyer's losses in case his creditor defaults. If that sounds like an insurance policy, that's because it is.
I recently attended a conference on derivatives regulation where a trader argued that CDS aren't insurance. Asked to describe their precise function, he struggled mightily for the correct infinitive, finally settling on “to insure.”
Why the obfuscation? For one thing, to pump up the real estate bubble Wall Street needed a cheap way to hide risk, for securities they marketed to investors and for their own balance sheet. Toxic CDOs “wrapped” by an AIG insurance policy were suddenly marketable as AAA-rated investments. Risky assets retained on Wall Street's collective balance sheet could be “hedged” with CDS in lieu of holding actual capital.
In properly regulated insurance markets, when insurers ramp up risk, their regulators force them to increase reserves. As risks rise, so does the cost of insurance. Had credit protection been properly regulated, it would have been too expensive to enable the fiction that subprime risk, wherever held, was somehow free. Consequently, it's likely that risk wouldn't have been manufactured in the first place.
Another reason to confuse the issue is that Wall Street makes markets trading CDS, a far more profitable business than selling insurance policies.
Selling insurance is pretty boring thanks to regulations that date back to 18th-century England. In a recently published paper in the Connecticut Insurance Law Journal, Arthur Kimball-Stanley argues that, in its earliest days, insurance policies were often used to gamble. Policies could be purchased for items that weren't yours, and for amounts greater than the insured property was worth. The moral hazard is obvious: Unregulated insurance gave speculators incentives to destroy property.
CDS turn investors into gamblers, allowing them to bet on corporate failure. Take Delphi Corp. When the auto-parts maker filed bankruptcy last fall, investors held $20 billion worth of CDS that referenced only $2.0 billion worth of bonds.
If CDS were subject to insurance laws, investors would be required to show an interest in the insured bonds. This would drastically reduce trading volumes, hammering Wall Street's profits. It would also reduce systemic risk.
The bank lobby counters that regulating CDS as insurance would restrict liquidity. It would, but that's a red herring. Wall Street is more concerned with the profitability of their trading desks and their ability to continue hiding risk. And in any case, markets functioned fine before CDS.
With no solutions coming out of Washington, state authorities are taking the first steps to restore order. This week the National Conference of Insurance Legislators, or NCOIL, will discuss model legislation for credit default insurance.
New York State Assemblyman Joseph Morelle, the chairman of the state's Committee on Insurance, is leading NCOIL's task force that drafted the legislation.
“Credit default insurance can provide a very valuable function in the market by protecting legitimate credit investors,” he argues. “But sacrificing fundamental business practices at the altar of liquidity is dangerous.”
And very expensive. The $183 billion needed so far to rescue AIG is but a fraction of the bill. To it must be added much of the cost of recapitalizing the entire financial sector, which grew ridiculously overleveraged thanks to unregulated CDS.
All of this could have been avoided by applying the same laws to CDS that we apply to other insurance markets. If we miss this opportunity to do so, expect banks to create new risks that will plunge the world back into the financial abyss.
What Rubbish: CNN Claims Russians Meddled in 2016 Election With ‘Pokémon Go'
You just can't make this stuff up.
CNN broke an ‘exclusive' story on Thursday in their desperate attempt to publish anything with the word ‘Russians' in the title. CNN is now claiming the Russians meddled in the 2016 presidential election through Pokémon Go.
How did we go from Trump colluded with the Kremlin to Pokémon ads?
In this bombshell report, CNN claims:
The donotshoot.us website in turn links to a Tumblr account. In July 2016, this Tumblr account announced a contest encouraging readers to play Pokémon Go, the augmented reality game in which users go out into the real world and use their phones to find and “train” Pokémon characters. Specifically, the Don't Shoot Us contest directed readers to go to find and train Pokémon near locations where alleged incidents of police brutality had taken place. Users were instructed to give their Pokémon names corresponding with those of the victims. A post promoting the contest showed a Pokémon named “Eric Garner,” for the African-American man who died after being put in a chokehold by a New York Police Department officer.
“Exclusive: Russian-linked meddling effort extended to YouTube, Tumblr and even Pokémon Go”
Exclusive: Russian-linked meddling effort extended to YouTube, Tumblr and even Pokémon Go https://t.co/Tw6WATNizC pic.twitter.com/bCvVYPKIki — CNN (@CNN) October 12, 2017
CNN got relentlessly trolled.
OMG you all have reached a new low Hehe Pokémon Go — Hollywood Dep (@mi2guys) October 12, 2017
.@CNN has totally lost the plot now. Pokémon? Geez pic.twitter.com/CcmehsJnde — Captain Jim #MAGA (@_____MAGA______) October 12, 2017
Please no more. I can't stop laughing. — ROCKET MAN (@The_dead222) October 12, 2017
Fake news — Bea Samuel (@BEAYAHUS) October 12, 2017
You have got to be F-ing kidding me??!! This is getting ridiculously stupid!! Pokémon Go is now involved in the Russia meddling?? — Lisa P. (@MykidsMylife72) October 12, 2017
@CNN has finally gone off the deep end. @Potus #Winning streak continues! The other lap-dog media outlets will also falter #soon — Starman (@Starman_63) October 12, 2017
Exclusive @CNN scoop! First released picture of the Russians who meddled in our election through Pokémon Go! pic.twitter.com/awxIm9sMNL — Adorable Deplorable (@OliMauritania) October 12, 2017
When you go from Trump colluded with the Kremlin to Pokemon😂 https://t.co/qZtkXssPNg — Cristina Laila (@cristinalaila1) October 12, 2017
UPDATE: A Muslim student in Michigan claimed a man threatened to set her on fire. Police say it's a hoax.
ORIGINAL STORY:
A University of Michigan student was approached by a stranger who threatened to set her on fire with a lighter if she didn't remove her hijab, police said.
The incident occurred between 5:30 and 7 p.m. on Friday just outside the campus in Ann Arbor. Police said the woman complied and left.
“We do consider this a hate crime,” Diane Brown, public information officer for the university's Division of Public Safety and Security, told The Washington Post. The Ann Arbor Police Department is heading the investigation.
Witnesses described the suspect as a white man in his 20s or 30s with an average height, an athletic build and an unkempt appearance. Police also said the man reportedly appeared to be intoxicated.
The investigation comes amid reports of threats and harassment in several parts of the country after the election of Donald Trump. Many of the incidents were directed toward African Americans, immigrants, Muslims and the LGBT community, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tallied more than 200 incidents nationwide.
[A Muslim teacher receives an anonymous note about her headscarf: ‘Hang yourself with it']
The incidents were reported on the news, on social media and directly to the organization's website. The center, however, cautioned that not all incidents involved direct references to Trump and that not every incident could be independently verified. Much involved vandalism, while others were direct attacks.
Trump's campaign rhetoric against immigrants and Muslims has energized white supremacy groups and members of the “alt-right” movement. On the campaign trail, the president-elect had promised to keep Muslims from entering the United States. He later backed off from a complete ban, saying his proposal would keep immigrants from countries that have been “compromised by terrorism.”
In his victory speech, Trump sent a conciliatory message, promising to be a “president for all Americans.”
But the aftermath of the election is anything but conciliatory, as anti-Trump protests spread across the country while people from certain backgrounds report being harassed or threatened.
[University of Oklahoma student suspended after racist social media sent to black UPenn freshmen]
In a statement released Saturday afternoon, the university's public safety officials said they are “very concerned and disturbed” by the alleged crime.
“Officers are conducting additional patrols in that area and the Ann Arbor police are actively investigating,” according to the statement.
Anyone with information is encouraged to contact Ann Arbor police at (734) 794-6939 or at tips@a2gov.org.
A similar incident occurred in Georgia, where a Muslim high school teacher said someone left an anonymous note in her classroom telling her that her “headscarf isn't allowed anymore.”
The note, scribbled in black ink, also told her to “tie” her headscarf around her neck and “hang yourself with it.”
In Ohio, a Muslim woman, her children and her elderly parents were threatened by a man while they were stopped at a traffic light, according to the Ohio chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations. The man allegedly approached the family's car, banged on the window and told the woman that she “doesn't belong in this country” — while yelling obscenities and taking pictures of her children.
At the University of Pennsylvania, several black freshmen received racist messages — which included images of people hanging from trees and a “daily lynching” calendar — from a student from another school.
This story, originally published on Nov. 13, 2016, has been updated.
READ MORE:
‘It's now or never': How anti-Trump protests spread across the U.S.
‘Not my president': Thousands protest Trump in rallies across the U.S.
Anti-Trump protesters take to the streets in many cities for a third night
The decision could see Windows XP enjoy an even longer life Anyone buying a PC with Windows 7 pre-installed will be able to swap it for XP or Vista. Microsoft has confirmed that the licence conditions under which the software will be sold will allow people to downgrade. The conditions will apply to both businesses that buy licences for Windows in bulk and consumers that get the operating system on a PC or laptop. No firm date has been given for the release of Windows 7's final version. New life Downgrade rights are common in Microsoft licensing terms and conditions and customers who buy large volumes of Windows operating systems have always been able to roll back to previous versions. Microsoft has twice granted Windows XP a reprieve to allow computer makers to get licences for it for far longer than was originally planned. Windows XP, released to consumers in 2001, was also granted a lifeline to ensure that it could be used on so-called netbooks - cut-down net-capable laptops that are proving very popular. At the same time, computer makers such as Dell and HP have been exploiting clauses in the licensing terms that let them roll back machines with Vista pre-installed to the older operating system. The news comes as the cut-off date for free mainstream support for Windows XP ends. From 14 April, Windows XP and Home plus Office 2003 enter their "extended support" period. This means the only updates and bug fixes these products will get will be to improve security. Microsoft has said that the release candidate of Windows 7, which will be broadly similar to the final version, will be released in late May 2009. The final version is expected in January 2010.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NORTH PLATTE, Neb. (AP) _ A man who travels the United States and Canada as ″Windy the Clown″ to teach children to avoid sexual abuse has been charged with sexually assaulting a 26-year-old retarded man, officials said Thursday.
Frank Collins, 52, of Murray, Utah, was charged Wednesday with first-degree sexual assault, and was arrested hours later after appearing at a shopping center in Kearney, said Lincoln County Attorney Charles Kandt.
Collins is accused of the August assault of a 26-year-old man who is a student at the North Platte Opportunities Center, Kandt said. The center employs mentally retarded people.
In promotional material, Collins says he has appeared on television, in movies, at circuses and at Disneyland and Disney World.
Collins has done shows in North Platte for several years, Kandt said. Titles of the shows include ″Stranger Danger″ and ″If You Don't Know, Don't Go.″
Kandt said the victim frequently saw Collins' show.
″He (the victim) does not distinguish between friend and foe,″ Kandt said. ″He still considers Windy the Clown his friend.″
Earlier this week, Collins said in a radio interview that he had been molested by a baby sitter when he was 3 years old and that later in his childhood he was abducted at knifepoint. Collins said those incidents prompted him to teach children about how to avoid molestation.
Collins appeared on the program Tuesday with Buffalo County Sheriff Frank Dineen. One of Dineen's officers arrested him Wednesday night.
Collins gave the radio station letters of endorsement from elementary schools in Bozeman, Mont., Spokane, Wash., and Prince Albert, Saskatchewan; police departments in Aberdeen, S.D., Cheyenne, Wyo., and Nelson, British Columbia; and from the Canadian Mounted Police and the mayor of Fargo, N.D.
Also in his promotional material, Collins said Windy the Clown was declared Utah's ″Official Ambassador of Safety″ in 1981 by former Gov. Scott M. Matheson.
Collins was being held in the Lincoln County Jail. Kandt said he did not know when he would be arraigned.
Which college athletic program had the best season in 2016-17? We here at CBS Sports decided to find out, and an odd season in which no one program truly dominated the collegiate landscape (as has happened in the past) left us with our closest results ever.
Florida State (491.25) edged rival Florida (489.75) thanks in large part to its success in women's basketball. The two Sunshine State programs were followed closely by USC (482.5), which like UF was unable to make up for a void of points for that sport.
The Seminoles put together an outstanding overall season with football finishing 10-3, beating Michigan in the Orange Bowl and ranking No. 8 in the nation. Men's (26-9, No. 16) and women's basketball (28-7, No. 10) both made the NCAA Tournament. Baseball (46-23) made its first College World Series appearance in five seasons, while softball ended its season in the Super Regional.
While the Gators put up a fight with a bowl victory, Elite Eight appearance for men's basketball, College World Series win for baseball and Women's College World Series loss for softball, women's basketball (15-16) received 0 points. The Trojans suffered a similar fate with a bowl win, NCAA Tournament appearance and national title in women's soccer only to see women's hoops (14-16) let them down.
Graphic illustration by Michael Meredith
The National Association of College Directors of Athletics (NACDA) has been ranking athletic programs for years by weighing every sport equally, meaning a football national title is worth the same number of points (100) as a women's water polo title. We tweaked the formula back in 2013 to weigh it more heavily toward sports that generate the broadest base of fan and media interest. We rate every FBS school in three sports -- football, men's basketball and women's basketball -- along with two "wild cards" among the school's most successful spectator sports: baseball, softball, volleyball, soccer, gymnastics, lacrosse, hockey and wrestling.
The weighted formula: Football is 2.5 times as much as the other sports, while men's basketball is worth twice as many points. Teams that did not finish in the final AP Top 25 in football but played in a bowl were awarded 62.5 points (25 x 2.5). Teams that made the NIT, CBI or CIT were given 20 points (10 x 2), while WNIT teams received 10 points. For all titles settled via bracket, point totals were based upon how many teams participated. All champions in the other sports received 100 points for a national title. For example: Florida baseball received 100 points, while its second-place finish in softball received 90 points.
Previous winners of the CBS Sports Best in College Sports honor include Louisville in 2013, Stanford in 2014, Ohio State in 2015 and Oklahoma in 2016. Florida State's previous best finish was fourth.
The American Ballet Theatre soloist makes history with Swan Lake. (Lillian Cunningham, Jayne Orenstein, Randolph Smith and Julio Negron/The Washington Post)
"Sorry," Misty Copeland breathed out as she arched backward to rest her head against the prince's neck. It was soft but audible from the front row of the Kennedy Center's Eisenhower Theater, where Copeland and Brooklyn Mack were rehearsing a pa de deux from the second act of Swan Lake.
On Thursday night, Copeland would go on to make her American debut in the ballet's demanding dual lead role of Odette, the tragically fated princess-turned-swan, and sorceress Odile. Copeland, whose murmured apologies belied her spectacular bourées and fouettés, is the first female African American in two decades to reach the rank of soloist with the prestigious American Ballet Theatre.
Her performance at the Kennedy Center marks a historic moment, when a dancer from one of the world's most prestigious companies, performing one of ballet's greatest oeuvres, can finally be black and dance the crowning role of the pure white swan.
Copeland spoke with The Post in a dressing room backstage about how she reached this moment. The conversation below has been lightly edited for length.
Listen to the full podcast conversation with Copeland here or on iTunes.
Q. What's a word that defines your character?
A. Perseverance.
Q. Why is that the word that you would pick?
A. I haven't come from the typical path or background of someone who would make it to this level as a ballerina. When it came to my childhood—growing up in a single-parent home, often struggling financially—my mother definitely instilled in me and my siblings this strength, this will, to just continue to survive and succeed.
Perseverance has always just been something that was in me. And it was a tool that came in very handy as a ballerina. Being one of the few African American women to make it to this level in a classical ballet company, the level of American Ballet Theatre, takes a lot of perseverance.
Q. As a child and a younger dancer, what did perseverance look like for you?
A. Starting out at the age of 13 years old, taking my first class on a basketball court at the Boys and Girls Club, is not usual. Most dancers usually take up to 15 years to get the right amount of training to make it to a professional level [by 17]. I had to shove all of that into four years before I went on to join American Ballet Theatre in New York City.
(Misty Copeland rehearsing Swan Lake at the Kennedy Center on April 7, 2015. Photo by Lillian Cunningham/The Washington Post)
Q. Now that you're an accomplished dancer, does perseverance mean something else to you? What does it look like day-to-day in rehearsal?
A. Being a dancer is hard enough—it's not just difficult because of the adversity that I've experienced. Something like 1 percent of dancers who train their whole lives actually get into a company at this level. That takes a lot of perseverance, in terms of hearing the words ‘no,' auditioning over and over again, putting yourself through extremely grueling physical things. To get the right training takes extreme focus, dedication, sacrifice.
(Read The Post's review of Swan Lake)
But once you become a professional, to get through a ballet like Swan Lake—four acts as the lead, changing character—the perseverance is incredible. It takes a lot to make it through and keep the same energy throughout the entire performance. And you know that you're performing for people who may have never seen you before, so it's a constant proving of yourself every single performance that you do.
Q. Do you think that has influenced the way that you dance?
A. It's absolutely influenced the way I dance. Every time I step onto the stage, it's not only proving to the audience that I'm capable but to myself. It's a test—not knowing physically what state you're going to be in each morning when you wake up or you step onto the stage, and knowing that you have to push your body to that extreme level, no matter how you're feeling, no matter what condition your body is in.
Q. Three of ABT's biggest stars are retiring soon. Have you had any conversations about promotion to principal?
A. That's not something that really happens—those conversations. It's so hard to know how a dancer's body is going to hold up, so things like that are never promised to a dancer. But in a company like ABT, when you're being prepared to be a principal dancer, you're given principal roles to really test you to see if you're capable, if you can be consistent with each opportunity you get. That's where I am right now, having now done Firebird, having done Swan Lake in Australia, and doing Juliet this spring at the Met. Those are all preparation and the path that it takes to be considered for principal.
(Misty Copeland and Brooklyn Mack at the Kennedy Center on April 7, 2015. Photo by Lillian Cunningham/The Washington Post)
Q. Do you feel like you identify more as an artist or an athlete? And how do those two aspects of dance play off each other for you?
A. I'm definitely an artist. I think as a dancer it's a given, at least for us, that we're extremely hard-working athletes. But being an artist is so much more. It's an understanding of telling a story with your body, of becoming an actress on stage, transforming into these ethereal characters that you don't have experience becoming in your everyday life. It takes a lot of imagination.
Q. Do you think of yourself as a role model? Do you feel a responsibility in that way?
A. I didn't use to feel that responsibility. Being a role model was something that I feel like happened naturally. I would get so many letters and people asking for advice, what my experiences had been. I know how important that is because I didn't have that as a young student. But as an adult and as a professional, I had mentors and I wouldn't be in this position had they not come into my life and helped keep me on the path and give me confidence on those days that I didn't have it. At this point, I completely understand the responsibility, and I'm so happy to be in this position.
Q. What does it feel like to be on stage?
A. There is something that happens on stage that can't really be replicated in the studio. There's just an energy that comes from the audience, that comes from the lights hitting you, that comes from the sounds you're hearing from the orchestra, that create this energy inside of you that allows your body to do things you just can't do in the rehearsal studio.
Then there's this immediate high you feel after doing such extremely physical movement, as well as giving so much of yourself emotionally and the focus that it takes mentally. It can take up to hours to come down from that high when you're done with a performance.
That's the incredible thing about this art form. We work so hard to make it look effortless, but people often see that as it not being difficult. It's important to give people a peek behind the scenes to see that we're not perfect, that we stop and start a lot, that things go wrong so much. We're in the rehearsal studio to figure out how to work through those issues, because once you get out there and you're in front of a live audience, you can't stop.
It's how you deal with all of the elements that are being thrown at you when you're not perfectly centered. We're human. As much as we train, we're never going to be perfect. So it's just dealing with how to balance all of those things in the moment.
(Misty Copeland rehearsing Swan Lake at the Kennedy Center on April 7, 2015. Photo by Lillian Cunningham/The Washington Post)
Q. Do you get any jitters before performances these days?
A. It's more excitement, anticipation of what's to come. It's a strange feeling not knowing how your body is going to react in that moment, so there's a lot of build-up to performing live.
Q. How do you push through pain? How do you push yourself to new levels of performance?
A. The pain that dancers experience—I don't know if it can be compared to any athlete, or anything. There's something that is engrained in us as ballet dancers where we constantly have a poker face on. Even on stage, we experience some of the most extreme physical pain. You go through a ballet that's three hours long and have to still put on a face that you're enjoying yourself and performing. It takes a lot of mental strength to not let all those negative thoughts come into your mind, to just push them out and stay focused in the moment for a very long period of time. I think we're some of the strongest people.
Q. What do you think has been a key to your success?
A. Belief in myself. And allowing people to come into my life who believe in me and push me on those days that I just don't have it in me. I do my best not to allow other people's words and criticism to get to me, and define me. That's been a huge part of me staying on this path and my own journey to success.
(Misty Copeland and Brooklyn Mack practice a pa de deux from Swan Lake. Photo by Lillian Cunningham/ The Washington Post)
Q. I've heard you describe yourself as very shy when you were young. Do you still think of yourself in that way?
A. I've just really developed into a different woman because of ballet. Even though you're not speaking, it's taught me to communicate and to be able to articulate myself in a way that I never could before.
I'm still shy in certain situations, though. Because I'm a performer, I don't feel that I need to be on all the time and performing for people when I'm not on the stage. I'm very comfortable blending into the background if I'm not on stage.
Q. You've also talked about feeling, especially earlier in your training and career, like an outsider, like you didn't belong. With time, have you come to feel like belonging is overrated?
A. I think it's important as a child to feel like you belong. But belonging shouldn't mean you are like everyone else. You want to feel accepted, but you don't have to look like everyone around you, you don't have to follow the exact same path as someone before you. I think that's been my experience—that it's okay to be different, it's okay to be unique, that you can set your own path.
Q. What have you seen leadership look like in ballet?
A. I think it's hard for dancers to envision themselves in that way. But we are. We are leaders in how the normal person (as we like to call the people who aren't dancers) can envision a fantasy world. We're leading them in a very artistic way of being able to see beauty, and I think it's an important position to hold for art.
Listen:
Subscribe for free to the On Leadership podcast series on iTunes
Podcast: A conversation with Misty Copeland
Artist depiction of df-21 attack, albeit exaggerated. illustration via chinese internet
China's ‘Carrier-Killer' Was Born in the Balkans
The DF-21D is China's answer to America's carriers, with an unusual origin in the Kosovo War
Robert Beckhusen Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 7, 2013
In 1999, the U.S. was engaged in an air and missile war with Serbia. As NATO bombs exploded around Belgrade — part of a campaign to force an end to the ethnic cleansing of Kosovar Albanians by Serb forces — several U.S. missiles slammed into the Chinese embassy. It was the most controversial U.S. action of the war.
China's leaders were outraged, but could do little in response. The result? The bombing became a pivotal moment in the decision to pursue a sophisticated weapons project: a ballistic missile that can knock out American aircraft carriers from 1,500+ kilometers away.
That's the history according to a new book from Andrew Erickson, a specialist on the Chinese military at the U.S. Naval War College. The book has wonky title: Chinese Anti-Ship Ballistic Missile (ASBM) Development: Drivers, Trajectories and Strategic Implications. But it's the most comprehensive overview of a weapon — the DF-21D anti-ship ballistic missile — that poses perhaps the greatest threat to American aircraft carriers that's not a nuclear bomb.
“The bottom line is that the era of ‘ASBM denial' is over,” Erickson writes. “China's ASBM is not science fiction. It is not a ‘smoke and mirrors' bluff. The DF-21D is not an aspirational capability that the United States can afford to ignore until some point in the future.”
Usually, carriers are incredibly tough to kill, sitting far off a coastline and outside the range of whatever most countries can throw at it. Escort ships are prowling for submarine threats, and air-defense missiles and carrier-borne fighter jets scan for enemy bombers that can launch sea-skimming cruise missiles. But a ballistic missile that can target ships can bypass all these defenses while being launched from land at the same time.
There are still a lot of questions over how effective the DF-21D would be in an actual war — it takes more than just a missile to hit a target with a missile. The missile has been deployed with China's Second Artillery, which oversees Beijing's strategic missile arsenal. But Erickson details how China also need satellites, targeting sensors and the ability to defeat whatever electronic countermeasures the U.S. can throw in the missile's path.
Little did U.S. commanders know at the time of the embassy bombing, however, that it would provoke the most serious arms race since the end of the Cold War.
Belgrade on fire. April 21, 1999. Tadija/Wikimedia photo
Roots in Kosovo
According to Erickson, there were two events that pushed Beijing to build its missile.
In 1995, Chinese leaders became very worried when then-Taiwan Pres. Lee Teng-hui prepared to visit the United States. The U.S. granted Teng-hui a visa, which provoked Beijing to carry out a series of missile tests and naval exercises in the Taiwan Strait.
The U.S. responded in kind by sending the Nimitz and Independence carrier battle groups towards China — an intimidating show a force China was unable to counter. According to Chinese military technical papers compiled by Erickson, the humiliation wrought by the carriers accelerated Beijing's first steps towards an ASBM.
The Chinese navy was more or less useless. Beijing “could not build a steel Great Wall at sea to keep the enemy outside the nation's door, and could only serve as an auxiliary of the ground forces in defending a trifling twelve nautical mile territorial water line,” China's Global Times, which is published under the auspices of the People's Daily, noted.
Then the U.S. bombed the Chinese embassy.
Accidentally, it should be noted. During the 1999 Kosovo War against Serbia, NATO mistakenly believed the Belgrade building contained the Yugoslav Federal Directorate for Supply and Procurement — itself believed to be involved in purchasing military hardware. But accident or no, the Chinese embassy was bombed by U.S. aircraft; three Chinese journalists were killed.
Beijing's generals were furious. But the generals were also anxious. The U.S. attacked Chinese interests without China being able to do anything about it. The embassy bombing was an accident, but what if the U.S. did it again, or somewhere else — and on purpose?
Worse, China's military wasn't a whole lot different — technologically speaking — than the Serb military at the time. And the Serb military was being bombed to pieces.
“[The forces of the] Federal Republic of Yugoslavia were always in the position of having to take a beating passively and completely lacked the power to fight back, [not only] because they lacked comprehensive and supporting weapons systems, but especially because they lacked ‘assassin's mace' weapons systems,” Zhang Wannian, a preeminent official in the Chinese Central Military Commission, said during a 1999 speech.
The solution, according to Wannian and other Chinese leaders including then-General Secretary Jiang Zemin, was to develop an overlapping defense of submarines, air defense radars and missiles, advanced fighter planes and lots of missiles for sinking American warships — including anti-ship ballistic missiles.
“By this time, it was startlingly clear to China's leaders that they had to acquire a means of preventing the kind of airpower and accompanying firepower available during the Kosovo air war from being directed into or near China,” Erickson writes.
“Assassin's mace” is a term used by the Chinese military to describe advanced weapons that match China's weaknesses — like naval weaknesses — to the strengths of enemy forces.
But still, Navy officials say they can deal with the Chinese missile. The range of potential countermeasures, Erickson notes, are mainly focused around all the other steps a missile has to take before it can hit its target. For China, the missile itself is the easy part: “Physics, however, allows for an ASBM; physics is the same for the Chinese as it is for everyone else. We are witnessing the results today as well as the ability of China's once-moribund defense industry to integrate existing technologies in innovative ways,” he writes.
But to hit a carrier, you first have to find it while it's traveling hundreds of miles away from shore. Then you have to make sure the signal is really a carrier. Then you have to hold the radar signal long enough to direct the missile towards it. Finally, the missile itself has to come down from the atmosphere onto a moving target that will be doing everything in its power to confuse and spoof the signal.
There are several points here where everything can fail. Jam the targeting system? The missile will splash into the ocean. Throw up a cloud of smoke that confuses radar signals? Same result. Even better is to spoof the missile into thinking the carrier is somewhere else.
“Amid ongoing uncertainty, this much is clear: with the DF-21D ABSM, China appears to be intent on fielding a system that directly threatens U.S. carriers. If not countered properly, this could weaken the U.S. military alliances and reassurances that have helped maintain peace in the Western Pacific for nearly seven decades in part by preventing costly and dangerous arms races. The game and its governing rules are changing, whether Washington likes it or not.”
This article was updated to correct the (presumed) range of the DF-21 to 1,500 kilometers.
Subscribe to War is Boring: medium.com/feed/war-is-boring.
A soap bubbles.
A single light soap bubble photograph taken under macro photography.
A single soap bubble displaying three layers.
Girl blowing bubbles.
Several bubbles make a foam.
A soap bubble is an extremely thin film of soapy water enclosing air that forms a hollow sphere with an iridescent surface. Soap bubbles usually last for only a few seconds before bursting, either on their own or on contact with another object. They are often used for children's enjoyment, but they are also used in artistic performances. Assembling several bubbles results in foam.
When light shines onto a bubble it appears to change colour. Unlike those seen in a rainbow, which arise from differential refraction, the colours seen in a soap bubble arise from interference of light reflecting off the front and back surfaces of the thin soap film. Depending on the thickness of the film, different colours interfere constructively and destructively.
Mathematics [ edit ]
Soap bubbles are physical examples of the complex mathematical problem of minimal surface. They will assume the shape of the least surface area possible containing a given volume. A true minimal surface is more properly illustrated by a soap film, which has equal pressure on inside as outside, hence is a surface with zero mean curvature. A soap bubble is a closed soap film: due to the difference in outside and inside pressure, it is a surface of constant mean curvature.
While it has been known since 1884 that a spherical soap bubble is the least-area way of enclosing a given volume of air (a theorem of H. A. Schwarz), it was not until 2000 that it was proven that two merged soap bubbles provide the optimum way of enclosing two given volumes of air of different size with the least surface area. This has been dubbed the double bubble conjecture.[1]
Because of these qualities, soap bubbles films have been used with practical problem-solving application. Structural engineer Frei Otto used soap bubble films to determine the geometry of a sheet of the least surface area that spreads between several points, and translated this geometry into revolutionary tensile roof structures.[2] A famous example is his West German Pavilion at Expo 67 in Montreal.
Physics [ edit ]
Merging [ edit ]
Soap bubbles can easily merge.
When two bubbles merge, they adopt a shape which makes the sum of their surface areas as small as possible, compatible with the volume of air each bubble encloses. If the bubbles are of equal size, their common wall is flat. If they aren't the same size, their common wall bulges into the larger bubble, since the smaller one has a higher internal pressure than the larger one, as predicted by the Young–Laplace equation.
At a point where three or more bubbles meet, they sort themselves out so that only three bubble walls meet along a line. Since the surface tension is the same in each of the three surfaces, the three angles between them must be equal to 120°. Only four bubble walls can meet at a point, with the lines where triplets of bubble walls meet separated by cos−1(−1/3) ≈ 109.47°. All these rules, known as Plateau's laws, determine how a foam is built from bubbles.
Stability [ edit ]
The longevity of a soap bubble is limited by the ease of rupture of the very thin layer of water which constitutes its surface, namely a micrometer-thick soap film. It is thus sensitive to :
Drainage within the soap film: water falls down due to gravity. This can be slowed down by increasing the water viscosity, for instance by adding glycerol. Still, there is an ultimate height limit, which is the capillary length, very high for soap bubbles: around 13 feet (4 meters). In principle, there is no limit in the length it can reach.
Evaporation: This can be slowed down by blowing bubbles in a wet atmosphere, or by adding some sugar to the water.
Dirt and fat: When the bubble touches the ground, a wall, or our skin, it usually ruptures the soap film. This can be prevented by wetting these surfaces with water (preferably containing some soap).
Wetting [ edit ]
A soap bubble wetting an ultrahydrophobic surface
A soap bubble wetting a liquid surface
When a soap bubble is in contact with a solid or a liquid surface wetting is observed. On a solid surface, the contact angle of the bubble depends on the surface energy of the solid.,[3][4] A soap bubble has a larger contact angle on a solid surface displaying ultrahydrophobicity than on a hydrophilic surface – see Wetting. On a liquid surface, the contact angle of the soap bubble depends on its size - smaller bubbles have lower contact angles.[5][6]
Medicine [ edit ]
The composition of soap bubbles' liquid has many recipes with slightly different ingredients. The most common one contains:
2/3 cup of dishwashing soap
1 gallon of water
2/3 tablespoon of glycerine
Because of the presence of dishwasher soap, it's not uncommon for children to contract dermatitis on face, hands with consequences as rashes, swelling of the eyes, vomiting and dizziness.
Soap bubbles as unconventional computing [ edit ]
See also Unconventional computing.
The structures that soap films make can not just be enclosed as spheres, but virtually any shape, for example in wire frames. Therefore, many different minimal surfaces can be designed. It is actually sometimes easier to physically make them than to compute them by mathematical modelling. This is why the soap films can be considered as analog computers which can outperform conventional computers, depending on the complexity of the system.[7][8][9]
Bubbles in education [ edit ]
Bubbles can be effectively used to teach and explore a wide variety of concepts to even young children. Flexibility, colour formation, reflective or mirrored surfaces, concave and convex surfaces, transparency, a variety of shapes (circle, square, triangle, sphere, cube, tetrahedron, hexagon), elastic properties, and comparative sizing, as well as the more esoteric properties of bubbles listed on this page. Bubbles are useful in teaching concepts starting from 2 years old and into college years. A Swiss university professor, Dr. Natalie Hartzell, has theorized that usage of artificial bubbles for entertainment purposes of young children has shown a positive effect in the region of the child's brain that controls motor skills and is responsible for coordination with children exposed to bubbles at a young age showing measurably better motion skills than those who were not.[10]
Recreation [ edit ]
Use in play [ edit ]
A woman creating bubbles with a long soap bubble wand
Soap bubbles have been used as entertainment for at least 400 years, as evidenced by 17th-century Flemish paintings showing children blowing bubbles with clay pipes. The London-based firm A. & F. Pears created a famous advertising campaign for its soaps in 1886 using a painting by John Everett Millais of a child playing with bubbles. The Chicago company Chemtoy began selling bubble solution in the 1940s, and bubble solution has been popular with children ever since. According to one industry estimate, retailers sell around 200 million bottles annually.[citation needed]
Colored bubbles [ edit ]
A bubble is made of transparent water enclosing transparent air. However the soap film is as thin as the visible light wavelength, resulting in interferences. This creates iridescence which, together with the bubble's spherical shape and fragility, contributes to its magical effect on children and adults alike. Each colour is the result of varying thicknesses of soap bubble film. Tom Noddy (who featured in the second episode of Marcus du Sautoy's The Code) gave the analogy of looking at a contour map of the bubbles' surface. However, it has become a challenge to produce artificially coloured bubbles.
Byron, Melody & Enoch Swetland invented a patented non-toxic bubble (Tekno Bubbles)[11] that glow under UV lighting. These bubbles look like ordinary high quality "clear" bubbles under normal lighting, but glow when exposed to true UV light. The brighter the UV lighting, the brighter they glow. The family sold them worldwide, but has since sold their company.
Adding coloured dye to bubble mixtures fails to produce coloured bubbles, because the dye attaches to the water molecules as opposed to the surfactant. Therefore, a colourless bubble forms with the dye falling to a point at the base. Dye chemist Dr. Ram Sabnis has developed a lactone dye that sticks to the surfactants, enabling brightly coloured bubbles to be formed. Crystal violet lactone is an example. Another man named Tim Kehoe invented a coloured bubble which loses its colour when exposed to pressure or oxygen, which he is now marketing online as Zubbles, which are non-toxic and non-staining. In 2010, Japanese astronaut Naoko Yamazaki demonstrated that it is possible to create coloured bubbles in microgravity. The reason is that the water molecules are spread evenly around the bubble in the low-gravity environment.
Freezing [ edit ]
Frozen soap bubble on snow at −7 °C (19 °F).
If soap bubbles are blown into air that is below a temperature of −15 °C (5 °F), they will freeze when they touch a surface. The air inside will gradually diffuse out, causing the bubble to crumble under its own weight. At temperatures below about −25 °C (−13 °F), bubbles will freeze in the air and may shatter when hitting the ground. When a bubble is blown with warm air, the bubble will freeze to an almost perfect sphere at first, but when the warm air cools, and a reduction in volume occurs, there will be a partial collapse of the bubble. A bubble, created successfully at this low temperature, will always be rather small; it will freeze quickly and will shatter if increased further.[12] Freezing of small soap bubbles happens within 2 seconds after setting on snow (at air temperature around –10...–14 °C).[13]
Art [ edit ]
Soap bubbles in downtown Budapest
Soap bubble performances combine entertainment with artistic achievement. They require a high degree of skill.[citation needed] Some performers use common commercially available bubble liquids while others compose their own solutions. Some artists create giant bubbles or tubes, often enveloping objects or even humans. Others manage to create bubbles forming cubes, tetrahedra and other shapes and forms. Bubbles are sometimes handled with bare hands. To add to the visual experience, they are sometimes filled with smoke, vapour or helium and combined with laser lights or fire. Soap bubbles can be filled with a flammable gas such as natural gas and then ignited.
Gallery of a soap bubble artist at work [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
These Cuban Sweet Potato Picadillo Bowls make for a wholesome Latin-inspired weeknight meal! This vegan picadillo recipe is the perfect combo of sweet and savory. Stewed Tomatoes, roasted chickpeas, sweet potatoes, olives, raisins, and spices! Simple healthy ingredients made into a flavorful one pot meal. Gluten free, grain free, EASY!
This Cuban Sweet Potato Picadillo Bowls recipe is sponsored by my friends at Red Gold's Tomato! Thankfully they supply us with such quality product and the chance to share a healthy affordable recipe!
Well friends. Today is a special day. Not only am I sharing one of my favorite plant based Latin style recipes, Cuban sweet potato Picadillo bowls, but it is also the Kiwi and my nine year anniversary. Nine years. Wow. Actually if it feels like more like 10. I'm just joking, maybe.
I really love celebrating our anniversary at the beginning of a new year. It gives us a chance to set goals, or rather, intentions. That word is much better. Yes, intentions! Plus it just feels like it's a fresh start with a lot of things. You know?
That being said, 2017 is definitely a year that we plan to nourish. As mentioned before, 2016 was quite eventful. And wee bit been stressful. But with the help of a meal plan and a new fresh perspective, we feel like there'll be a lot more life balance. Hopefully more time for each other. OK so all that being said again, I bring you back to this recipe. Healthy, easy, super duper bowl full of goodness. All you need is one pan to make this dish too! Cuban sweet potato Picadillo bowls. Plant based real food nourishment! Lovely, just lovely!
If you don't know what Picadillo is, I will fill you in. I think you're really going like this method of cooking. It's scrappy, haha, like me. Always.
You see, Picadillo is a traditional dish in many Latin American countries. Think of it similar to that of American hash, but made with ground beef, stewed tomatoes, and other ingredients from the region. It is often served with rice or potatoes and can be used as a filling or by itself.
Of course with this recipe, I decided that we needed to hone in on the Cuban flavors and up the veggies! I really want to focus in on those stewed tomatoes and sweet potatoes, then boost up the plant protein with roasted chickpeas. Cuban spiced chickpeas that is.
I'd say the key to this dish is really though stewed tomatoes. They are heavenly with all the spices and Cuban flavors. There's a big difference in using stewed tomatoes versus fresh; d quality being key. Which Which is why I am using Red Gold stewed tomatoes. Red Gold's canned stewed tomatoes uses vine ripe tomatoes that are prepared (cooked) with onion, celery, and bell pepper. Which gives them way more DEPTH and flavor to dishes! Quick, flavorful, healthy dishes, like those snappy spaghetti Italian sweet potato spaghetti bowls?
Well we are going to make sure we continue on with that epic flavor and easy dinner combo! Because let's face it, sweet potatoes cooked together with perfectly seasoned stewed tomatoes are just heavenly.
A little about Red Gold, just in case you need a refreshment.
RED GOLD TOMATOES IS …. QUALITY Y'all…
Sustainably grown on Midwest family farms. They Care about their farming and land.
Red Gold's has been working with local family farms for over 70 years to grow the best tasting tomatoes in the world.
Red Golds grows NON GMO Roma tomatoes (to be canned) with the optimum combination of heartiness, texture, sweetness, color, and consistency… Oh, yes, I SO AGREE!
Oh, yes, I SO AGREE! Non-GMO project verified to build a BETTER tomato. And packed in non BPA lined cans
A family-owned company that understands the importance and true value of doing things the right way! Caring about the community.
OK guys let's put this all together now. This Cuban sweet potato picadillo bowl involves spices such as cumin, oregano, and garlic and onion and bay leaves. A little touch of extra sweetness comes from the dried fruit. In this case I use dried cranberries but you can use raisins.
To even out the sweetness, we use throw in those roasted chickpeas, green olives, and mix it all together with the sweet potato and stewed tomatoes for richness.
This truly is a one pot wonder. So full of flavor and you didn't even need meat. There's plenty of fiber, plant-based protein, and healthy fats in at all. Look at us go! New year, new recipes to try, new staple ingredients to stock up on to help us enjoy every meal.
Cuban Sweet Potato Picadillo Bowls {Vegan} ★★★★★ 4.4 from 24 reviews Prep Time: Prep Time: 10 min
Cook Time: Cook Time: 20 min
Total Time: Total Time: 30 minutes
Yield: Yield: 3-4 Print Recipe Pin Recipe Description Cuban Sweet Potato Picadillo Bowls make for a wholesome Cuban-inspired weeknight meal! This vegan picadillo recipe is the perfect combo of sweet and savory. Stewed Tomatoes, roasted chickpeas, sweet potatoes, olives, raisins, and spices! Ingredients for the roasted chickpeas:
15 ounce canned chickpeas
1/4 tsp cumin
Pinch of sea salt
1/2 tsp minced garlic
1/4 tsp cayenne
1/2 to 1 tbsp oil
For Cuban picadillo Pan:
1 small onion or 1 1/3 cup chopped
1 bell pepper or sweet pepper chopped
1 tbsp olive oil
3 cloves garlic or 1 tsp minced
1 sweet potato peeled and diced in cubes. About 2 cups
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp cumin
Optional 1/4 tsp chili powder or cayenne
1/4 tsp cinnamon
2 bay leaves
1 cup or 8oz stewed tomatoes (drained if using canned)
1 tbsp red wine vinegar
2 tbsp tomato paste
1/2 tsp salt and black pepper
2-3 tbsp raisins or dried cranberries (optional)
1/2 c green olives sliced
1/2 tbsp brine from olive jar (the juice)
Cilantro or extra onion to garnish Instructions Preheat oven 400F. Drain and rinse your chickpeas. Toss the chickpeas in ingredients listed. Cumin, salt, garlic, cayenne, and olive oil. Place on baking tray and Roast 400 F 12-15min. Remove and set aside. While the chickpeas are roasted, prepare your other ingredients. Chop onion, peel and chop sweet potatoes, drain your stewed tomatoes. Next add 1 tbsp olive oil to a large pan or skillet. Sautee the onion, pepper, and garlic until onion starts to caramelize. Around 2 minutes or so on medium high. Add in your addition 1 tsp cumin, Oregano, bay leaves, cinnamon. Cook until fragrant. Another 3-4 minutes on medium high. Add in your drained stewed tomatoes, red wine vinegar, tomato paste, potatoes, addition 1/2 tsp salt and pepper. Mix in pan. Cook on medium partially covered for 10 minutes or until potatoes are cooked and some what tender. Add in raisins, optional chili powder, your roasted chickpeas, olives. Stew on stove another 5-10 minutes. Add the olive brine last few minutes of cooking. Serve and garnish with cilantro or extra onion. Optional garlic or salt if needed. .
Nutrition Per Bowl.
Serving Vary from 3 to 4 depending on hunger level! haha.
Quality ingredients that are still's still affordable. Love it! I think this 2017 is going to be filled with more recipes just like this.
What's one recipe you're eager to try this year,?. Have you ever tried Picadillo?
Favorite recipe to use stewed tomatoes? I would love more.
Keep up with the Red Gold on social media. They are full of recipe and community inspiration! Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and Pinterest. Cheers!
[blockquote source=”John Lennon”]There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.[/blockquote]
My dears, this morning, I must admit I woke to a bit of a funk. You see, the holidays here, though such a blessing – bring to mind a memory from so very long ago.
It was December 8, 1980 – the night John Lennon was gunned down in front of his home—standing next to him, was his loving wife and soul mate.
I was laying in bed in my room, all of just 12 years old, when I heard the breaking news over the television set,
“An unspeakable tragedy. Confirmed to us by ABC News in New York City. John Lennon, outside of his apartment building on the West side of New York City, the most famous, perhaps, of all of the Beatles. Shot twice in the back. Rushed to Roosevelt's Hospital.”
And then, the announcer paused just a moment to say, these three words that I shall never forget,
“Dead…on…arrival.”
It was the first time I remember feeling such an overwhelming sense of helplessness—at the loss of a most beautiful human life, and one that was barely half-lived.
It was also the very first time I questioned my very own faith—not in God, but rather, humanity. I found myself questioning the very depth of humanity's moral sense.
It was the first time, I felt such a profound sense of ‘brokeness.'
You see, when I look into another person's face, I see their humanity; I feel the energy of their spirit. I see the shimmer of their past in those creases and lines and I can see their heart's fullest potential.
And, beyond any question or lingering shadows of doubt – my dears, I can see their love.
You know, for so many years I held firm to the belief that ‘enlightenment' was reserved only for the mystics and yogis of t could be attained only by the mystics and yogis of this world.
You know, I used to believe that enlightenment was reserved only for the mystics of this world – but, perhaps not…
My dears, perhaps love is our one true awakening?
oh my love – john lennon
Oh my love, for the first time in my life
My eyes are wide open
Oh my lover, for the first time in my life
My eyes can see
I see the wind, oh, I see the trees
Every thing is clear in my heart
I see the clouds, oh, I see the sky
Everything is clear in our world
Oh my lover, for the first time in my life
My mind is wide open
Oh my love, for the first time in my life
My mind can feel
I feel the sorrow, oh, I feel dreams
Everything is clear in my heart
I feel life, oh, I feel love
Everything is clear in our world
my mom and i just got in an argument about how it's “not that expensive to eat organic/extremely healthy” and i got really angry cause like not less than five minutes before that she was like “this yogurt was more expensive than normal yogurt but i can't wait to try it” and i was trying to express to her my frustrations with eating healthy because i'm really scared that once i get out of college i won't be able to eat that way anymore because i'm not going to have the money too and she was like “IT'S NOT THAT EXPENSIVE ZOE JEEZ YOU CAN MAKE THE SAME STUFF YOU GET AT CHIPOTLE FOR THE SAME PRICE JEEZ" like 1. no i couldn't, i couldn't get all those ingredients fresh for cheap with a min. wage job after college and 2. I'M GOING TO BE A FILM MAJOR I WILL BE USELESS P MUCH EVERYWHERE
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — When the former military ruler Pervez Musharraf ended his years of exile last month, it was with a vision of himself as a political savior, returning in the nick of time to save Pakistan from chaos.
Instead, he contributed a new and bizarre chapter to the country's political turmoil on Thursday, fleeing the halls of the High Court after a judge ordered his arrest. Speeding away in a convoy of black S.U.V.'s as a crowd of lawyers mocked him, he hurried to his fortress compound outside the capital, where he was declared under house arrest.
Early Friday, the police escorted Mr. Musharraf from his house to a court in central Islamabad where a magistrate formally charged him. Television pictures showed him saluting briefly as he entered his S.U.V., before returning once again to his Islamabad home. Television stations reported that Mr. Musarraf was due to appear in anti-terrorism court in two days, but it was not clear if that meant Sunday or Monday.
Less than five years after wielding absolute power, the retired four-star general has become the latest example of the Pakistani judiciary's increasing willingness to pursue previously untouchable levels of society — even to the top ranks of the powerful military.
The countdown to training camp is on, and the summer workouts are closer than you may think. With no official date set as of Wednesday, it's likely that camp will begin in two months, or maybe even less.
The Bills still have one more week of Organized Team Activities and the three-day mandatory minicamp in mid-June, but that's all that's separating them from the start of a brand-new campaign. And with a new head coach and general manager, there have been wholesale changes up and down the roster.
As we begin to get closer to training camp, WKBW.com will take an enhanced look at the roster, and who you need to know about as we get closer to late July.
First, we looked at running backs, but next, we'll examine a position with far more questions than answers: cornerback.
A look at how the corners stack up as of now:
Top Dog
Ronald Darby
- This is not as clear-cut as some other positions out there, but considering the lack of experience that the cornerback group seems to be rife with, Darby gets the nod as the top guy at the position as of today. The former second-round pick showed a lot of promise as a man-to-man cover corner during the 2015 season but failed to live up to expectations in the same defense last year. Now, the third-year cornerback has to show he has what it takes to flourish in an entirely different system that is predicated on zone coverages. What he does have working in his favor: he's a strong tackler, and that will go far in Sean McDermott's scheme. It would take a pretty steep fall in performance, or an injury, for him to not start the season as one of the main cornerbacks -- given the rest of the depth at the position.
Fighting for Starts
Tre'Davious White, Kevon Seymour
- Given what Sean McDermott did in Carolina last season with starting young players at cornerback, there's a strong chance that Tre'Davious White ends up as the other starting cornerback along with Darby. The first-round pick and the rookie player has the size and long limbs that McDermott craves in his starting cornerbacks, which is also what gives him a decided advantage over second-year player Kevon Seymour. While Seymour did show some nice things in the summer of 2016, he'll have to prove he can do it again in an entirely different defense -- and he could be the main competitor for White. The worry with Seymour, though, is his lack of size and length for the position. Plus, White is a better tackler than Seymour, so that gives him another advantage in the race. Seymour could wind up finding a home at nickel.
Don't Sleep On
Leonard Johnson
- However, don't expect Seymour to just be handed the job at nickel. That's where our 'Don't Sleep On' candidate comes into play: Leonard Johnson. The former Buccaneers and Panthers player, Johnson has familiarity with Sean McDermott's system and has even worked with the first-team during OTAs as the nickel corner -- over the likes of Seymour. The 27-year-old Johnson appeared in 10 games for McDermott last season, so there is at least a trust level there. He did not grade well with ProFootballFocus.com, being rated eighth-worst qualifying cornerback in the NFL in 2016. Still, there is a clear opportunity for him to win a job this summer, and that fact cannot be ignored.
[RELATED: Breaking down the 90: Bills running backs]
Bubble Trouble
Shareece Wright, Charles James, Bradley Sylve, Marcus Sayles
- Like Johnson, Shareece Wright struggled in 2016, but his advantage is familiarity with now Bills defensive coordinator Leslie Frazier. Without a lot of depth to speak of, Wright has a solid opportunity to hang on as the fourth or fifth cornerback on the roster. Charles James has gotten some time with the second-team, and even Bradley Sylve has as well, but this may end up being a position that only keeps five players. Considering the versatility of safety Micah Hyde, it could necessitate the Bills waving goodbye to three of their eight rostered cornerbacks this summer. The fifth position -- and maybe even the fourth if Leonard Johnson doesn't perform well this summer -- is completely up for grabs. All that said, the cornerback group is an unproven one and could flop altogether, but it's also a unit that has potential to be one of the stronger spots on the roster.
Twitter: @JoeBuscaglia
Most good spy stories involve political blackmail. In the first season of the popular television show HOMELAND, about the CIA's post-9/11 terror wars, the bearded old CIA veteran Saul meets with a federal judge to get a court order to conduct surveillance on someone in the United States without probable cause. The judge appears to balk for a moment, until Saul cryptically reminds him about that thing. With a look that says, “You got me, you bastard,” the judge relents and signs the order. The CIA, we are meant to understand, knows something about this judge that the judge does not want the rest of the world to know.
Knowledge actually is power.
We know that the NSA and FBI have for over a decade been collecting the phone records of every person in the United States, which includes every member of congress. An NSA whistleblower alleges that the NSA deliberately spied on Supreme Court justices. For decades, the FBI under Hoover ran a counterintelligence program (codename: COINTELPRO) that brandished political blackmail as a central weapon for control and manipulation. In a piece of political theater that may never have come to light had it not been for the courage of a few dissidents, the FBI wrote an anonymous letter to Martin Luther King, Jr., urging him to commit suicide. We know you are a pervert, the letter said. You should just end it now, and save yourself the embarrassment when we expose you to the press.
Today, even local law enforcement agencies and private corporations possess incredibly sensitive information about all of us—elected and appointed political and judicial figures included. Although I don't have data to support this claim, my experience growing up in the United States leads me to strongly assume that most Americans would like to believe that this is a country in which secretive law enforcement and spy agencies do not routinely manipulate sensitive information for political purposes. Blackmail is a thing that happens in the mob or in corrupt foreign countries, I assume many people think—not in the US government.
But I assume the opposite. The cliché that absolute power corrupts is a cliché for a reason—and it's why basic democratic norms like checks and balances on government power are so important. When civil libertarians and rights advocates repeat the words ‘transparency, accountability, and oversight' over and over again in innumerable contexts, it's not because we like how they sound rolling around our mouths. These three practices are foundational in any society that seeks to be democratic (as opposed to just using democratic rhetoric) and fight the human tendency to abuse power.
Corruption is only natural. That's why we build systems to check greed, selfishness, and abuse of power. Or, rather, it's why we should.
Take the case of Congressman Jason Chaffetz. The GOP Congressman was highly critical of the Secret Service during a time when it seemed like the press was every week reporting on another in a series of embarrassing agency mistakes. It turns out that the Secret Service did not appreciate Chaffetz' public criticisms. Instead of investing energy in fixing the problems with the agency that the Congressman wanted to discuss publicly, the assistant director of the agency used his access to confidential government databases to leak embarrassing information about Chaffetz to the press, which subsequently published it. “Some information that he might find embarrassing needs to get out. Just to be fair,” the assistant director wrote in an email to colleagues before the leak.
I don't have lots of money, but if there was a way of discovering the whole truth about these secretive and powerful members of our society, I would bet one thousand dollars that law enforcement and security agencies from police departments all the way up to the NSA, and everywhere in between, routinely deploy confidential information for political purposes. I've seen far too many scandals come to light to assume anything other than rampant corruption at agencies like the FBI, CIA, and NSA—not to mention state and local police departments. Do you really think the CIA would torture and murder people, and then destroy the evidence and try to interfere with an investigation into its activity, but not engage in a little political blackmail on the side? Torture and murder are all good, but the use of sensitive personal information to acquire political power is going too far?
Maybe you disagree with my assumption that agencies with access to loads of sensitive information about people likely routinely use it to secure and expand their power, but it doesn't matter if my assumptions are totally wrong. Even if you believe that security agencies are generally good, and only bad apples misuse their access to sensitive information, we have enough examples of such abuse to support the obvious conclusion that transparency, accountability, and oversight over security agencies are basic requirements in a free society. The only way to ensure people don't abuse their access to information is to limit that access, and then institute and uphold rigorous transparency and oversight mechanisms to ensure they aren't improperly using information they legitimately hold.
Ultimately, the ACLU's call for a 21st century warrant requirement for the tracking and monitoring of our electronic communications and devices is a conservative call for basic reform. Nonetheless, it's an uphill battle in many states to fold information age technology into foundational Fourth Amendment law.
But lawmakers considering bills like those currently before the Massachusetts state legislature, on license plate, drone, social media, and electronic privacy, should remember that corruption happens everywhere. In a state that suffered the terror reign of Whitey Bulger and his FBI cronies, you'd think that lawmakers would be clear on the need for basic accountability in law enforcement. As of today, however, Massachusetts falls far behind other states in the category of passing basic electronic privacy law.
Let's hope we don't wait until someone in Massachusetts state government gets Jason Chaffetzed before we take essential steps towards protecting personal information in the digital age. It's a simple matter of common sense, and for legislators, might someday mean the difference between having a lovely morning and waking up to an embarrassing headline screaming their name.
Many people don't even realise that they are discriminating based on race or gender. And they won't believe that their unconscious actions have consequences until they see scientific evidence. Here it is.
The country in which I live has laws forbidding discrimination on the grounds of ethnicity, religion, sexuality or sex. We've come a long way since the days when the reverse was true – when homosexuality was illegal, for instance, or when women were barred from voting. But this doesn't mean that prejudice is over, of course. Nowadays we need to be as concerned about subtler strains of prejudice as the kind of loud-mouthed racism and sexism that makes us ashamed of the past.
Subtle prejudice is the domain of unjustified assumptions, dog-whistles, and plain failure to make the effort to include people who are different from ourselves, or who don't fit our expectations. One word for the expressions of subtle prejudice is ‘microaggressions'. These are things such as repeating a thoughtless stereotype, or too readily dismissing someone's viewpoint – actions that may seem unworthy of comment, but can nevertheless marginalise an individual.
The people perpetrating these microaggressions may be completely unaware that they hold a prejudiced view. Psychologists distinguish between our explicit attitudes – which are the beliefs and feelings we'll admit to – and our implicit attitudes – which are our beliefs and feelings which are revealed by our actions. So, for example, you might say that you are not a sexist, you might even say that you are anti-sexist, but if you interrupt women more than men in meetings you would be displaying a sexist implicit attitude – one which is very different from that non-sexist explicit attitude you profess.
‘Culture of victimhood'
The thing about subtle prejudice is that it is by definition subtle – lots of small differences in how people are treated, small asides, little jibes, ambiguous differences in how we treat one person compared to another. This makes it hard to measure, and hard to address, and – for some people – hard to take seriously.
This is the skeptical line of thought: when people complain about being treated differently in small ways they are being overly sensitive, trying to lay claim to a culture of victimhood. Small differences are just that – small. They don't have large influences on life outcomes and aren't where we should focus our attention.
Now you will have your own intuitions about that view, but my interest is in how you could test the idea that a thousand small cuts do add up. A classic experiment on the way race affects our interactions shows not only the myriad ways in which race can affect how we treat people, but shows in a clever way that even the most privileged of us would suffer if we were all subjected to subtle discrimination.
In the early 1970s, a team led by Carl Word at Princeton University recruited white students for an experiment they were told was about assessing the quality of job candidates. Unbeknown to them, the experiment was really about how they treated the supposed job candidates, and whether this was different based on whether they were white or black.
Despite believing their task was to find the best candidate, the white recruits treated candidates differently based on their race – sitting further away from them, and displaying fewer signs of engagement such as making eye-contact or leaning in during conversation. Follow-up work more recently has shown that this is still true, and that these nonverbal signs of friendliness weren't related to their explicit attitudes, so operate independently from the participants' avowed beliefs about race and racism.
So far the the Princeton experiment probably doesn't tell anyone who has been treated differently because of their race anything they didn't know from painful experience. The black candidates in this experiment were treated less well than the white candidates, not just in the nonverbal signals the interviewers gave off, but they were given 25% less time during the interviews on average as well. This alone would be an injustice, but how big a disadvantage is it to be treated like this?
Word's second experiment gives us a handle on this. After collecting these measurements of nonverbal behaviour the research team recruited some new volunteers and trained them to react in the manner of the original experimental subjects. That is, they were trained to treat interview candidates as the original participants had treated white candidates: making eye contact, smiling, sitting closer, allowing them to speak for longer. And they were also trained to produce the treatment the black candidates received: less eye contact, fewer smiles and so on. All candidates were to be treated politely and fairly, with only the nonverbal cues varying.
Next, the researchers recruited more white Princeton undergraduates to play the role of job candidates, and they were randomly assigned to be nonverbally treated like the white candidates in the first experiment, or like the black candidates.
The results allow us to see the self-fulfilling prophecy of discrimination. The candidates who received the “black” nonverbal signals delivered a worse interview performance, as rated by independent judges. They made far more speech errors, in the form of hesitations, stutters, mistakes and incomplete sentences, and they chose to sit further away from the interviewer following a mid-interview interruption which caused them to retake their chairs.
It isn't hard to see that in a winner-takes-all situation like a job interview, such differences could be enough to lose you a job opportunity. What's remarkable is that the participants' performance had been harmed by nonverbal differences of the kind that many of us might produce without intending or realising. Furthermore, the effect was seen in students from Princeton University, one of the world's elite universities. If even a white, privileged elite suffer under this treatment we might expect even larger effects for people who don't walk into high-pressure situations with those advantages.
Experiments like these don't offer the whole truth about discrimination. Problems like racism are patterned by so much more than individual attitudes, and often supported by explicit prejudice as well as subtle prejudice. Racism will affect candidates before, during and after job interviews in many more ways than I've described. What this work does show is one way in which, even with good intentions, people's reactions to minority groups can have powerful effects. Small differences can add up.
This is my BBC Future column from last week. The original is here.
For its final instalment, the Hunger Games saga at last catches fire.
Mockingjay — Part 2 proves to be the most satisfying, gripping and emotional film in the franchise, resolving Katniss Everdeen's odyssey with tense action sequences and a well-earned poignancy. If the series never quite transcended its melodramatic young adult roots or heavy-handed socio-political commentary, this third sequel nevertheless moves along with grim, propulsive confidence, once again leaning on Jennifer Lawrence's steel-jawed performance as a young woman who becomes the unlikely leader of a rebellion over which she has less and less control.
Even more so than with earlier instalments, Part 2 mostly plays out like a dystopian war movie.
Opening across most of the planet by November 20, the conclusion to the Lionsgate cash cow will look to top the $865m that 2013's Catching Fire earned worldwide. (Last year's Mockingjay — Part 1 brought in a little more than $755m.) With SPECTRE its only real action competition, Part 2 should enjoy major commercial success, its large theatrical haul well in hand before Star Wars: The Force Awakens arrives in mid-December.
Picking up right where Part 1 ended, the new film finds Katniss (Jennifer Lawrence) coping with the fact that the freshly rescued Peeta (Josh Hutcherson) has been brainwashed by the Capitol to believe that she is the enemy of the people. Katniss, Peeta, Gale (Liam Hemsworth) and a group of elite soldiers prepare to invade the Capitol in the hopes of assassinating the evil President Snow (Donald Sutherland) and ending his reign of terror over Panem. But Snow is actually aware of their plan and has set a trap, savouring the opportunity to crush this rebellion permanently.
For the third straight Hunger Games film, Francis Lawrence handles the directing duties, and Part 2 allows him to show off the clammy, claustrophobic dread that was a highlight of his 2007 post-apocalyptic drama I Am Legend. (In fact, like that Will Smith vehicle, Part 2 features a sequence with rampaging, zombie-like monsters whose frantic, swift movements and menacing yells are utterly nerve-wracking.) Even more so than with earlier instalments, Part 2 mostly plays out like a dystopian war movie, with Katniss and her small squadron braving a booby-trapped city on their quest to kill Snow.
What has always been lacking in this franchise remains troublesome in Part 2. The awkward love triangle between Katniss, Peeta and Gale tends to slow down the momentum — in truth, neither Hutcherson nor Hemsworth ever seemed dynamic enough for the fiery Jennifer Lawrence — but there are a couple of tender small moments this time around that at least make this romantic drama resonate.
Likewise, the series (based on the Suzanne Collins novels) rarely had much interesting to say thematically about reality-television sensationalism, tyrannical governments or people's willingness to be distracted by mindless spectacle. But as in Part 1, the new film proves to be a little more thoughtful in its societal observations, particularly when examining how political uprisings can be as sinister as the corrupt governments they're trying to overthrow.
Still, Part 2 succeeds on the strength of its payoffs, whether through Francis Lawrence's ability to deliver the best action sequences of the franchise or during nuanced character beats that bring closure to storylines. In this final film, death stings more than it has in the past, partly because we've built up a greater connection to those who are killed. The director, working from a script by Peter Craig and Danny Strong, gives Part 2 a greater scope and a darker tenor that's befitting the battle-to-the-death stakes at the centre of this film, and he's assisted by Philip Messina's lavishly bleak production design.
To be sure, Oscar-winner Jennifer Lawrence has had richer, more compelling characters to play in her brief career. But even if Katniss is a little too bland of a reluctant-hero archetype, the actress finds variations on a one-note role. She ably guides the character to a finale that's nicely measured, not quite offering the rousing resolution some might expect.
Similarly, her supporting cast, which is filled with venerable actors, are mostly playing pungent types: These won't be roles that define their careers, but the performers bring a professional polish to them. Julianne Moore is tartly suspicious as the calculating leader of the rebellion, while the late Philip Seymour Hoffman does fine work in a small part as her kinder second-in-command. (It does appear that Hoffman had to be digitally added posthumously to at least one scene to close a narrative loophole, however.)
Reprising their roles as former Hunger Games officials, Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks and Stanley Tucci don't have much to do, a testament to the fact that, as this series has gone along, the focus has shifted more and more to Katniss and her competing love interests. The Hunger Games was consistently an incongruous mix of serious and silly, of teen romance and sci-fi cautionary tale. But in Part 2, Jennifer Lawrence reminds us yet again how her bedrock presence helped give this franchise its wings.
On our website you will find information about the undergraduate and graduate programs at the University of Maryland, College Park as well as news of our faculty's scholarship and our various centers and projects. We are a large department and our distinguished faculty's expertise encompasses many areas of the globe as well as several millennia of human history. If you have questions as you explore our courses, programs, centers, and faculty, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Main Department Office 2115 Francis Scott Key Hall (301) 405-4265
Undergraduate Advising Office 2131C Francis Scott Key Hall (301) 405-0072
Advising Hours:
Spring Semester (starting January 28)
Monday - Thursday, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Friday, 9 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Graduate Studies Office 2131 Francis Scott Key Hall (301) 405-4268
The CW has announced the premiere date for Supernatural season 12. Fans will get a glimpse at the Winchester brothers, Sam and Dean, alongside the fan-favorite angel, Castiel, on Thursday, 13 October. The show is shifted from its Wednesday time slot to Thursday for season 12. The season's debut will air following the Legends of Tomorrow season 2 premiere on the same night.
The season 11 finale of The CW series ended on a cliffhanger. The hour started with Winchester brothers trying to fix the Sun, save God's creation and ended with two shocking reunions. Dean, embarking on a suicide mission, was successful in fixing Amara and God's bond. The brother-sister were reunited, and they healed the universe and decided to vanish for another millennium, leaving Earth in the capable hands of Sam and Dean.
Moments before disappearing into a white-black cloud form, Amara thanked Dean for giving her what she needed most by giving him what he needed most, which is his mother, Mary Winchester.
Back in the bunker, Sam and Castiel found out that Dean was successful in saving the universe, and assumed that the elder Winchester sacrificed himself while doing so. A mysterious British woman showed up in the bunker and used a spell to banish Castiel, confronted Sam for all the damage he has done over the years.
She said, "Let's face it, Sam, you're just a jumped-up hunter playing with things you don't understand and doing more harm than good."
The finale ended with the lady pointing a gun at Sam, as we hear a gunshot in the background. Also, Dean spotted his mother, Mary in the woods.
Here are five things to expect in Supernatural season 12
Warning: Potential spoilers ahead
1. Mary Winchester has returned from the dead and will possibly have a huge role in the upcoming season. The show began with the premise of Mary being killed by a yellow-eyed demon when Sam and Dean were little, and their father John Winchester turning into a hunter to avenge his wife's death. Also, Mary in the season 11 finale episode is seen in the nightgown she was wearing the night she died in 1983, meaning that the timeline will reset in season 12.
2. Is Sam dead? We did hear a gunshot at the end of season 11, but actor Jared Padalecki has signed on for season 12 of Supernatural, which obviously means Sam will not die. Besides, we don't want Sam to miss out on a family reunion with Mary.
3. Misha Collins, who plays Castiel in Supernatural, teased a certain thing he wants to see in season 12. In an interview with Bustle, Collins said, "I guess one thing that I've been hoping a little bit is that we can revisit Season 4 Castiel a little bit… The writers keep inhibiting Cas' powers in some way or another… Sam and Dean don't have this magic bullet they can solve all their problems. I would love it if there was a little stretch where he could possibly be the powerful ally that he was and just play it a little bit before somehow hobbling him again. It's been awhile since Cas has been just the ally at full power that he once was." So a powerful Castiel in season 12? We are in.
4. Collins also teased that season 12 will feature a new cast member. He said, "I know one person who's been hired in Season 12, but I can't tell you. I'm sorry to be completely useless there, but I do know that their character is going to be on the show." This hint at the casting of a possible villain, which is assumed to be someone from Men of Letters, or the one who pulled a gun on Sam in the Season 11 finale.
5. Fans of the hit show want Season 12 to focus on Crowley and Castiel and possibly feature a war between Heaven and Hell. A Reddit user wrote, "I also hope that the season focuses on Crowley and Castiel as main characters as opposed to supporting characters. Maybe in season 12 they could be trying to take over Hell and Heaven to bring order."
"I also wouldn't mind a full-scale war between Heaven and Hell. We haven't seen that yet. We've seen Heaven and Hell as adversaries, but we haven't seen them truly duke it out yet, in a story arc that will really change the world of Supernatural." he added.
Not much is known about Season 12's plot, but Supernatural has had a panel in San Diego Comic-Con almost every year now. Actors Jensen Ackles, Jared Padalecki, and Misha Collins will attend the SDCC, 2016 panel and even answer fan queries. Fans can even expect a trailer or a teaser footage at the event.
There are around 18 separate groups based in Qalamoun, fighting on separate fronts. (File photo)
Clashes erupted between ISIL and Nusra Front fighters near the border with Lebanon Friday, after gunmen rejected an attempt by the latter to unite the opposition in Syria's Qalamoun region under a single leader.
The clashes were concentrated on the outskirts of the Syrian village of Ras al-Maara, a source close to the Nusra Front told The Daily Star. Ras al-Maara is a few kilometers from Lebanon's northeastern town of Arsal, the scene of ongoing clashes between the Lebanese Army and the two jihadi groups.
Nusra, Al-Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria, has had an on-again, off-again relationship with ISIS since the two had a falling out last year over chain of command when ISIL's current leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi tried to absorb Nusra.
The group under the command of the Nusra Front leader in Qalamoun, Abu Malek al-Talli, engaged in fighting with ISIL gunmen there.
Media reports identified the ISIL branch as the Abi Abdel-Salam group.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, the source said the Nusra Front, under Talli, sought to unite opposition groups in the Qalamoun region under a single umbrella to better confront Syrian army troops and their allies, including Hezbollah.
There are around 18 separate groups based in Qalamoun, fighting on separate fronts.
ISIL-affiliated groups based near the border with Lebanon have rejected the proposal, saying that they wanted to preserve the few smuggling routes left in some areas to themselves, the source said.
ISIL and the Nusra Front cooperated against the Lebanese Army during clashes in Arsal earlier this year and took dozens of policemen and soldiers hostage.
Talli's group is holding the Lebanese policemen on the outskirts of Arsal.
By Nidal Solh
Two weeks ago, the Explainer released a list of questions we were either unable or unwilling to answer in 2007. This included topics like “Why do men almost never win on ABC's Wheel of Fortune?” and “Is it possible I have the softest cat in the world?” We then invited you, Slate's readers, to let us know which of these questions was most deserving of a response.
Some of you wrote in with quick answers to the questions on the list. Many pointed out, for example, that our No. 3 vote-getter—”When a fly lands on a ceiling, does it execute a barrel roll or an inside loop?”—has already been covered by the Straight Dope. (Answer: The fly grabs the ceiling with its forward legs, and then does a reverse somersault.) As for the inquiry about a movie featuring a devil in red pajamas: That's the 1959 classic Santa Claus (later sent up in an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000). Readers also attempted to crowdsource our questions, with varying degrees of success, on Yahoo! Answers.
Explainer Question of the Year final poll. Click to see the results.
Meanwhile, we received about 30,000 votes for our reader-selected favorite. Which brings us to our official Explainer Question of the Year for 2007:
Why don't we drop medical waste and nuclear waste into active volcanoes, the “ultimate high-temperature incinerators”?
The answer: Because the hazardous parts would come right back out.
We do incinerate more than 90 percent of the medical waste in the United States, both to reduce its total volume and to kill off infectious agents. But burning up blood-soaked bandages, discarded needles, and stray organs like tonsils and appendices creates many dangerous byproducts, including dioxins and carbon monoxide, as well as fly ash laced with heavy metals. While an onsite incinerator at a hospital would be equipped with scrubbers and filters to capture these byproducts for landfill, any gases or ash produced in a volcano would be emitted straight into the atmosphere.
It's also not clear that volcanic incineration would be hot enough to sterilize garbage. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, medical waste should be burned at more than 1,600 degrees Fahrenheit, with some states demanding temperatures of 1,800 or 2,000 degrees to reduce volatile organic emissions. Molten lava can be hot enough to do the trick, measuring about 1,800 or 1,900 degrees on average. But the exact temperature varies widely depending on the volcano. The unusual black lava at Tanzania's Ol Doinyo Lengai, for example, can be as cool as 930 degrees. *
It's an even worse idea to toss nuclear waste into a volcano. Combustion won't have any effect on spent nuclear fuel, nor will it reduce the radioactivity of low-level waste like contaminated clothing and equipment. The only reason to incinerate miscellaneous radioactive garbage would be to reduce its overall volume, so it's easier to sequester. As with the incineration of medical waste, this produces dangerous emissions that would pop right out of a volcano.
Even without medical or radioactive waste, volcanoes already release dangerous gases into the environment. In Cameroon, carbon-dioxide pollution from a volcanic crater lake asphyxiated several thousand valley-dwelling people when it displaced the available oxygen. Active volcanoes in Hawaii have caused problems with acid rain and “vog,” a combination of volcanic gases and fog.
It would also be dangerous and impractical to transport large quantities of garbage to the top of an active volcano. At best, you might drop small items through “skylight” openings on the tops of lava domes.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanks Robert Benedict of the American Nuclear Society and Robert Trombley of the International Volcano Research Centre.
Correction, Jan. 8, 2008: The original version mixed up the Ol Doinyo Lengai volcano with Central Africa's Mount Nyiragongo. The lava at Ol Doinyo Lengai erupts at temperatures as low as 930 degrees, not 800 degrees. (Return to the corrected sentence.)
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Gallup has released its latest poll of the uninsured, and it shows a dramatic drop compared to a month ago. The uninsurance rate among adults now stands at 13.4 percent, a drop of about 4 percentage points from its 2011-12 baseline. This represents roughly 10 million people, and confirms the 4 percent number that Gallup reported a few weeks ago. It's also starting to close in on the CBO estimate of 13 million newly insured adults by the end of the year.
Add to this the number of children and sub-26ers who are newly insured, and you're probably up to 12-13 million who are newly insured under Obamacare. Some of this comes from people buying insurance through the exchanges; some comes from Medicaid signups; and some comes from people signing up for insurance at work thanks to the individual mandate.
More and better data will be available over the next few months. But this is yet another indication that after a rocky start, Obamacare is performing pretty well. It's getting harder and harder to pretend otherwise.
There's an old stereotype that hockey fans hate everyone. And like most stereotypes, it's simply not true.
For example, we don't hate Teemu Selanne. And, uh well, that's pretty much it, actually. Other than Selanne, yeah, we hate basically everyone else.
But we hate some people more than others. And our hate isn't random — it's based on a series of expectations, passed down from generation to generation, that govern how those in the hockey world should behave. Every fan knows them.
They've just never been written down until now.
Here are the four key reasons a hockey fan would hate someone:
They're overexposed
Hockey players are supposed to blend quietly into the background. Anyone who gets too much attention — whether they asked for it or not — eventually becomes a target.
They just won't be quiet
Much like small children, hockey fans expect our heroes to be seen but not heard. Anyone who makes any noise or (god forbid) actually forms an opinion must be silenced.
They take cheap shots
Hockey has a code. No, nobody has ever seen it or could agree on what it is. But the code is real, and taking a cheap shot violates it. Probably. Sometimes.
They just have one of those faces, you know?
Come on, we all know them when we see them.
Those are the four tenets of hockey hatred. And once you understand them, you can categorize all our hate into one neat diagram. Like this one, illustrated by Friend of Grantland Dan Gustafson at Sixteen Wins
[click to enlarge]
By Micheal Rios, Tulalip News
Recently, the Seattle Art Museum presented PechaKucha Seattle volume 63, titled Indigenous Futures. PechaKuchas are informal and fun gatherings where creative people get together and present their ideas, works, thoughts – just about anything, really – in fun, relaxed spaces that foster an environment of learning and understanding. It would be easy to think PechaKuchas are all about the presenters and their presentation, but there is something deeper and a more important subtext to each of these events. They are all about togetherness, about coming together as a community to reveal and celebrate the richness and dimension contained within each one of us. They are about fostering a community through encouragement, friendship and celebration.
The origins of PechaKucha Nights stem from Tokyo, Japan and have since gone global; they are now happening in over 700 cities around the world. What made PechaKucha Night Seattle volume 63 so special was that it was comprised of all Native artists, writers, producers, performers, and activists presenting on their areas of expertise and exploring the realm of Native ingenuity in all its forms, hence the name Indigenous Futures.
Jeffrey Veregge is an award winning Native American comic book artist from the Port Gamble S'Klallam Tribe in Kingston, Washington. His work uses Coastal Salish and contemporary graphic design techniques that created the look dubbed ‘Salish Geek' by his creative peers. Along with his work for IDW Publishing, he has appeared in numerous websites and publications such as Fast Company Magazine, Cowboys and Indians, and Wired Magazine. His works and commissions are part of some prestigious collections located at Yale University, Washington State University, The Burke Museum and the Seattle Art Museum. He's also the pop and nerd culture contributor for Indian Country Today Media, where he is known as NDN Geek.
“A member of the Port Gamble S'Klallam Tribe, I was raised and spent a majority of my life on our reservation known locally as Little Boston, which is located near Kingston, Washington. Although I am enrolled there, I am also both of Suquamish and Duwamish ancestry,” says Veregge. “I am an honor graduate from the Art Institute of Seattle, and I have had the privilege to study with Tsimshian master carver David Boxley for a short time learning the basics of Salish form-line design.
“For the past 10 years I have been employed as Lead Designer/Studio Manager for a media agency that specializes in non-profits. My work is a reflection of a lifetime love affair with comic books, toys, TV and film; taking my passions and blending them with my Native perspective.”
Veregge has been an artist since the moment he was able to hold his first action figure and create stories of his childhood superheroes on paper with whatever art utensils were available. That creative fire and passion for superheroes and comics never faded and eventually led him to the Seattle Art Institute where he studied industrial design technology. Later, he was fortunate to study with Boxley to learn the basics of Salish form line design, a traditional style that influenced the superhero comics yet to come.
After graduating from the Seattle Art Institute, Veregge had a great job at an advertising agency for eleven years. Working in advertising allowed him to tap into his creative side, but the Native artist within wasn't satisfied, he needed something more. He went to art school to be an artist and to have fun, not to have his inner artist constrained by the everyday politics of advertising. Being an artist wasn't just to sell art and make money for Veregge, it meant having fun, it meant viewing a blank piece of paper as a magical canvas to express the imagination of a cluttered mind of a Native American who loves comics, movies, Sci-Fi, and action figures. So he left the advertising agency and embarked on an artist's mission to create something truly unique. The search for a new, personal and bold direction in his work resulted in Veregge creating Native Superhero comics
“For me it wasn't just trying to create art as a geek or nerd, but as a Native I felt like I had something unique to offer,” Veregge says. “That's my appreciation for all art and design, my passion for heroes, robots, aliens and monsters, and my pride in where I came from.
“My origins are not supernatural, nor have they been enhanced by radioactive spiders. I am simply a Native American artist and writer whose creative mantra in best summed up with a word from my tribe's own language: ‘taʔčaʔx̣ʷéʔtəŋ', which means ‘get into trouble'.”
Creating Native Superhero comics and the website jeffreyveregge.com is a reflection of a lifetime love affair with comic books, toys, TV and film. Taking his passions and blending them with his Native perspective, artistic background and the desire to simply be true to himself. The work he creates now takes who he is as a Native person, his love for graphic art and design, and his passions and blends them all together into a new art form that he loves and has fun creating.
“Basically I am just trying to have fun and get back to that kid that went to art school to begin with, wanting to create artwork that I want to see and make just for the hell of it,” describes Veregge of the bold new art he creates today. “There is a time and place for preserving the old ways, the traditions, but then there is the call for all artists to push the limits, find new ways to say things, and new stories to tell.”
Contact Micheal Rios, mrios@tulaliptribes-nsn.gov
Britain's two main political parties - Conservatives and Labour - are not being completely honest with the British public about how much taxes will need to rise after next month's election, a leading independent think tank said on Friday.
Paul Johnson, the director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), said "neither is being really honest with the public" as full election campaigning resumes after a break in respect for the victims of Monday's terrorist attack in Manchester.
Prime Minister Theresa May had to make an embarrassing U-turn on Monday on plans to make older Britons pay a greater share of their care costs, and has left the door open to raise income tax and payroll taxes.
"It is likely that the Conservatives would either have to resort to tax or borrowing increases to bail out public services under increasing pressure, or would risk presiding over a decline in the quality of some of those services," Johnson said.
Labour plan to introduce a big rise in taxation to fund public services, including 20,000 extra police officers and extra funding for the NHS, paid for by a hike in corporation tax and increasing tax on individuals earning over 80,000 pounds (91,700 euros) a year.
The integrity of last year's Brexit referendum campaign was also called into question.
This would take the tax burden on the economy to its highest in 40 years - though it would not be especially high by the standards of other European economies, the IFS said.
But the tax rises would affect more people than the party's focus on the top five percent of earners might suggest, it said.
"Labour should not pretend that such a step-change could be funded entirely by a small minority at the very top. In particular the large increase in company taxation that they propose would undoubtedly affect a broader group than that," Johnson said.
The think tank's deputy director, Carl Emmerson, added, "The shame of the two big parties' manifestos is that neither sets out an honest set of choices. Neither addresses the long-term challenges we face. For Labour we can have pretty much everything - free higher education, free childcare, more spending on pay, health, infrastructure."
Turning to the Tory plans, Emmerson said, "The Conservatives simply offer the cuts already promised. Additional funding pledges for the NHS and schools are just confirming that spending would rise in a way broadly consistent with the March budget."
May lose ground to Corbyn
Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the Labour Party, is enjoying a surge in popularity ahead of the June 8 vote.
May has seen the Conservatives' lead in opinion polls narrow since she unveiled her party's policy pledges last week.
In a sign the election could be more closely contested than was previously thought, YouGov/Times said on Thursday that support for May's party stood at 43 percent, down 1 percentage from a week ago, while Labour was up 3 points on 38 percent.
A separate poll, conducted after the Tory manifesto launch, found 28 per cent of voters said they were less likely to vote Conservative because of the social care package.
On Friday, Corbyn made a speech in London linking Britain's role in foreign wars to an increase in extremism on home soil and criticized May for cutting police numbers, as he looks to carry his growing momentum towards the June 8 vote.
mds/uhe (Reuters, dpa)
BROWNSVILLE, RGV – Administrators at the UT System and professors at UT-Brownsville say SpaceX was the catalyst for increased collaboration and partnerships between UT and higher education institutions in Mexico.
Recently, UT-Rio Grande Valley and Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnología (the Mexican National Council of Science and Technology), otherwise known as CONACYT, signed a Memorandum of Understanding facilitating an expansion of research, faculty and students associated with space exploration and research.
In the near future, a more expansive MOU is expected to be signed between the UT System and CONACYT that will cover a myriad of disciplines, not just space. Dr. Randall J. Charbeneau, assistant vice chancellor for research at the UT System, said the development of the SpaceX commercial rocket launch facility at Boca Chica beach near Brownsville, spurred discussions with CONACYT.
“A number of things came together at the same time that led to these discussions on educational and research collaboration. One was the announcement by SpaceX that they would be developing their launch and control facility at Boca Chica,” Charbeneau told the Guardian.
“When SpaceX was applying for its environmental impact statement and permissions to possibly locate at Boca Chica they had a chance to interact with a group out of Brownsville, UTB, called the Center for Advanced Radio Astronomy (CARA). That is Rick Jenet's group. SpaceX folks were very impressed with the students in the program.”
Fredrick ‘Rick' Jenet is the creator of the STARGATE project and director of CARA. STARGATE is a partnership between UTRGV and SpaceX to develop and support commercialization of phased-array technology for satellite and space vehicle communication. Gov. Rick Perry recently announced $9 million in funding for STARTGATE.
Charbeneau said CARA is one of the largest producers of Hispanic physicists in the country. “It is a very successful program. They developed this kind of idea of a partnership, where the UT part of this would apply for some funding to work with SpaceX, primarily on the communications side, communicating with satellites. They are drawing excellent students from the Valley.”
While this was happening, Charbeneau said, Presidents Obama and Peña Nieto were signing their Bilateral Forum on Higher Education, Innovation and Research, otherwise known as FOBESII. The plan is to get far more student exchanges established between the U.S. and Mexico.
“Discussions with the Mexican Consulate's Office in Brownsville started. CONACYT sponsors research in Mexico and does fellowship support for Mexican students both domestically and internationally. It was suggested that maybe we could develop an agreement with CONACYT to have some of the excellent students coming out of the Mexican universities to come over to UTRGV for the latter part of their degrees,” Charbeneau explained.
Discussions with CONACYT began and this led to Charbeneau and Jenet traveling to Mexico City.
“We met with representatives from a couple of their university systems as well as with
Arturo Borja Tamayo, director of evaluation and international cooperation for CONACYT. While we were there, Rick and I signed an agreement between CONACYT and UTRGV that says we can do this exchange of research and of faculty and students,” Charbeneau explained.
Once this MOU was signed, more ambitious collaborative efforts were discussed.
“The idea was brought up by Arturo that it would be nice to have an overarching umbrella agreement between the UT System and CONACYT. Right now they have such an agreement with the University of California System. So, we are in the midst of working out such an agreement,” Charbeneau said.
Charbeneau said that while UT has a lot of relationships with Mexico and other Latin American countries, there is nothing approaching the type of overarching umbrella agreement proposed by Borja. And he explained that while a lot of discussions about collaboration with Mexican institutions are currently underway, there is nothing really completed yet except the agreement between CONACYT and UTRGV dealing with the space communications area and SpaceX. However, he said he expects more partnerships to develop and soon.
“We are hoping to, within even a few weeks, sign an agreement that allows us to more easily collaborate with Mexico both in terms in research. Not just in space research but in other areas as well, as well as with their university systems,” Charbeneau said.
“We talked with representatives from the National Polytechnic Institute in Mexico. They have about 350,000 to 400,000 students. We also talked with UNAM (Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México). UNAM is huge. They are interested in working with us and this umbrella will give us the mechanism to develop agreements which would be much more specific. Those would be directed between faculties and universities but would allow the exchange of research programs and students and faculty between the institutions.”
Charbeneau then explained how the UT System got involved.
“We came into the picture after Rick Jenet had done a lot of the legwork. SpaceX announced they were looking at four locations for a launch facility within the United States and one of those was Puerto Rico, Florida, Georgia and then South Texas. When they were visiting South Texas they had a chance to interact with the students in the CARA program and apparently hit it off very, very, well.
“Steve Davies is the technical lead for SpaceX. He came over and saw the CARA facilities and visited with the students. They have a lot of experience with communications. They are wonderful at providing technical communication presentations. I really think the original announcement that SpaceX was considering the possibility of moving to that area is what brought forward the idea of applying for some funding from the State that could be used to support the program.”
In his interview with the Guardian, Jenet said he is a strong supporter of increased education and research collaboration with Mexican universities.
“We are one region down here on the border and we should be aligning our education plan and our vision to have one plan, one goal on where we want the Americas to go. We want to increase the talent pool we have access to. We started talking with the Mexican government to promote having talented Mexican students working in our programs at UTRGV,” Jenet said.
“The undersecretary for North America, Sergio M. Alcocer, is the brains behind a lot of these efforts that are happening. His vision I support, of having one region of knowledge here at the border. We are really excited about this project of trying to be able to get talented Mexican students into our programs.”
Jenet said his department's mission at UTB and the mission of UTRGV when it opens is to make South Texas a leader in space exploration. “We are developing programs to get students involved in all aspects of space mission, from the design of the spacecraft to the scientific payload all the way up through launch and orbital operations. We are really excited about the prospects of getting good Mexican students involved in many of these programs,” Jenet said.
Jenet said that for the last seven years CARA has been developing an integrated research and education program around deep space exploration. “Our students control the world's largest radio telescopes on campus. They have been making discoveries, discoveries of new stars and have been making an impact in the world science community. One student, Jose Martinez, discovered the tenth known double neutron star systems.”
Asked how important SpaceX is for South Texas, Jenet said: “Obviously it is a game changer for this region, creating enormous opportunities for our researchers and, more importantly, for our students to be involved in various aspects of space exploration and space studies. They will be learning about high technology in the modern society. Students will be exposed to a wide variety of programs. It will be a game changer, no question about it.”
And, referring to the collaboration with Mexico, Jenet added: “We have been working on two letters of intent. We are talking to each other. We are going to make this happen. I am hoping both MOUs will be in place by the end of the year, or early next year. I am really excited about the projects and what this means for students on both sides of the border and what this could mean for the Americas in general.”
Hillary Clinton celebrated the Chicago Cubs victory in the World Series last night, telling voters in North Carolina that she had been a fan of the team her whole life.
“I was a little anxious during my speech because the Cubs were playing in the world series,” she said. “I have been a fan all my life, started watching baseball with my dad, went to Wrigley Field.”
Clinton noted that it had been 108 years since the Cubs won the World Series, and said she wished her late father could have seen it.
“Last night was very special on lots of fronts,” she said. “And who knows, maybe we will see even more history made in a few days,” she said.
The Clinton campaign spread images of Hillary watching the amazing finish in Game 7 of the World Series last night, prompting a more than a few skeptics who recalled Clinton's self-professed love of the New York Yankees while living in New York City.
Chicago's Lynn Sweet has the definitive breakdown of Clinton's baseball flip-flopping, but one interview in particular stands out.
“The fact is, I've always been a Yankees fan,” Clinton said in an interview with NBC's Katie Couric in 1998, telling viewers that “as a young girl, I became very interested and enamored of the Yankees.”
In my day job I work with a lot of very smart developers who graduated from top university CS programs such as MIT, CMU, and Chicago. They cut their teeth on languages like Haskell, Scheme, and Lisp. They find functional programming to be a natural, intuitive, beautiful, and efficient style of programming. They're only wrong about one of those.
The problem is that my colleagues and I are not writing code in Haskell, Scheme, Lisp, Clojure, Scala, or even Ruby or Python. We are writing code in Java, and in Java functional programming is dangerously inefficient. Every few months I find myself debugging a production problem that ultimately traces back to a misuse of functional ideas and algorithms in a language and more importantly a virtual machine that just wasn't built for this style of programming.
Recently Bob Martin came up with a really good example that shows why. Here's a bit of Clojure (a real functional language) that returns a list of the first 25 integers:
(take 25 (squares-of (integers)))
This code runs, and it runs reasonably quickly. The output is:
(1 4 9 16 25 36 49 64 … 576 625)
Now suppose we want to reproduce this in Java. If we write Java the way Gosling et al intended Java to be written, then the code is simple, fast, and obvious:
for (int i=1; i<=25; i++) System.out.println(i*i); }
But now suppose we do it functionally! In particular suppose we naively reproduce the Clojure style above:
import java.util.ArrayList; import java.util.List; public class Take25 { public static void main(String[] args) { for (Object o : take(25, squaresOf(integers()))) { System.out.println(o); } } public static List<?> take(int n, List<?> list) { return list.subList(0, n); } public static List<Integer> squaresOf(List<Integer> list) { List<Integer> result = new ArrayList<Integer>(); for (Integer number : list) { result.add(number.intValue() * number.intValue()); } return result; } public static List<Integer> integers() { List<Integer> result = new ArrayList<Integer>(); for (int i = 1; i <= Integer.MAX_VALUE; i++) { result.add(i); } return result; } }
Try to run that. Go ahead. I dare you....OK, recovered from the heap dump yet?
Exception in thread "main" java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: Java heap space at java.util.Arrays.copyOf(Arrays.java:2760) at java.util.Arrays.copyOf(Arrays.java:2734) at java.util.ArrayList.ensureCapacity(ArrayList.java:167) at java.util.ArrayList.add(ArrayList.java:351) at Take25.integers(Take25.java:30) at Take25.main(Take25.java:9)
How did Clojure handle a function that returns every single int, while Java crapped out? The answer is that Clojure, like pretty much all true functional languages (and unlike Java) does lazy evaluation. It doesn't compute values it doesn't use. And it can get away with this because Clojure, unlike Java, is really and truly functional. It can assume that variables aren't mutated, that the order of evaluation doesn't matter, and thus that it can perform optimizations that a Java compiler can't. And this is why functional programming in Java is dangerous. Because Java isn't a true functional language, the JIT and javac can't optimize functional constructs as aggressively and efficiently as they can in a real functional language. Standard functional operations like returning infinite lists are death for a Java program. That's why functional programming in Java is dangerous.
You may object that I've set up a straw man here. OK, you can't return a list of all the integers (or even all the ints) in Java; but surely no one would really do that. Let's look at a more realistic approach. Here again I use recursion to compute the squares rather than a loop:
public class Squares { public static void main(String args[]) { squareAndPrint(1, Integer.parseInt(args[0])); } public static void squareAndPrint(int n, int max) { System.out.println(n * n); if (max > n) { squareAndPrint(n + 1, max); } } }
That will run. But now suppose I don't want the first 25 squares but the first 25,000:
Ooops. Stack overflow. This is why in XOM I was very careful to use loops rather than recursion, even in places where recursion was much clearer. Otherwise a carefully configured XML document could have caused a XOM-using program to dump core. Avoiding arbitrarily large recursion in non-functional languages like Java and C isn't just a performance requirement, it's a security requirement too!
Now before the flames begin, let me be clear about what I am not saying. I am not saying that functional programming is a bad idea. I am not saying that functional programming is inefficient. I actually love functional programming. Like my colleagues I find find functional programming to be a natural, intuitive, and beautiful style of programming but only when it's done in a language that was designed for it from the beginning like Haskell. Functional idioms in Java are performance bugs waiting to bite you.
When Franz Josef took over the Austrian Empire in 1848, he was given control of a resurgent state benefiting from liberal reforms and colonial expansion. He made it his goal to unify Germany and Austria together, and simultaneously ensure a place in the sun for his people.
In 1862, Franz Josef oversaw the formation of the South German Federation, while simultaneously giving the new Imperial Crown-lands of Croatia, Slovakia, Galicia-Lodomeria, Banat, Transylvania, Bukovina, and Hungary autonomy. This move ensured that German nationalists would approve of the Austrian maneuvering to control Germany. By 1870, tensions with Prussia and France boiled over, and with Russian help Elsaß-Lothringen was regained and Prussia was subdued. With that, Germany could form.
Numerous wars with the rest of the world followed the creation of Germany, with many labeling it a pariah state, but Franz Josef persisted, and by the turn of the century, Germany controlled large swathes of Africa, Arabia, and the Caribbean, as well as expanding into the Balkans and adding the Baltic Duchy, Ukraine, Serbia, Bosnia, and Greece to the Crown-lands. Alongside this, the Germans had also created the Panama and Suez Canals, allowing them to control much of global trade.
A period of relative calm followed the turn of the century, but in 1910, the peace was shattered. An Italian-American by the name of Gabriele Princep assassinated Franz Ferdinand, heir to the throne of Germany, in the port city of Fiume. Princep escaped immediately and returned to America, but his actions had begun the first major conflict of the century, the First Weltkrieg.
For two years, the Germans marched up Central America, crushing all the states allied with the US while simultaneously blockading the Eastern Seaboard. By 1912, the Germans had burned DC to the ground and destroyed the American fleet, causing the President to capitulate. New York and Pacific territory were ceded, and the States of California, Nevada, Utah, New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado, and Texas were granted independence.
Another short period of peace followed, and by 1922, the British, French, Russian, and American states joined together to dismantle Germany once and for all. The Germans, with help from their Canadian allies, put every single enemy down, seizing control of most of North Africa, Egypt, The Levant, Turkestan, Central America, and the Pacific. This conflict, known as the Second Weltkrieg, ended in 1933 and saw the addition of the Dutch, Irish, Swedish, Occitanian, Gran Columbian, South African, Iraqi, Indian, and Indonesian Crown-lands.
In 1936, the Empire is no longer an autocratic nightmare, but a dramatically reformed Parliamentary Welfare state, boasting the largest economy and military in the world, as well as a population of over 400 million. During Franz Josef's reign, he oversaw the foundation of numerous social reforms, earning him the hatred of the reactionaries and the love of the liberals. The current Emperor, Otto II, is largely a figurehead, and a young one at that, being only 24 years old. Germany is stable, prosperous, and stands triumphant with its permanent place in the sun.
Share with your friends Submit
We all know the feeling you get when you hear a particular song that instantly transports you to a previous moment in your life, perhaps reminding you of that summer love, your first heartbreak, or that unforgettable weekend away with your friends. Music has the power to not only create emotion within us but also capture our deepest thoughts and feelings, forever encasing them in time and memory. At the Apollo Theatre recently, Sharon Jones reminded the audience that singers as well as listeners share this magical relationship with music. She revealed that her song “Get Up and Get Out” held a different meaning for her when she first recorded it then it does now after conquering her battle against cancer. Sharon introduced the song by telling us a story, a personal narrative about how she came to be on stage that night singing for us. She stated that while in the hospital she looked in the mirror and saw a weak shadow of herself looking back, which she didn't like. So she posted a photo herself on Facebook. Her family and friends responded by telling her, “Sharon we love you bald, Sharon we love you with hair, Sharon we want you to come back.” It was their love and encouragement that gave her the strength to get up, get out, and come back to her music.
Sharon Jones And The Dap Kings | “Get Up And Get Out”
Standing on the stage that night, Sharon explained that since “Get Up And Get Out” held a higher meaning for her, she needed some extra help singing it. She needed to give it a lil bit of a Tina Turner feel. Dressed in a classy, full black dress Sharon embraced the spirit of Tina and the heart of soul. She started the song “nice and slow” moving her hips back and forth then speed up with vibrant energy. Taking off her silver high heels, Sharon hopped around the stage, shaking, twisting, and shouting that she had something to shout about, “in my church we shout when we are happy, we shout when we are sad, and tonight I am shouting because I am happy to be alive!” Sharon followed “Get Up And Get Out” with the hits “100 days 100 nights” and “Retreat.” When she sang one of my favorites, “If You Call,” her voice was passionate, strong, and full of sweet soulful hooks. During her long notes, I could almost feel the pain, as if I was the one waiting for the call. Never in my life have I witnessed a more powerful performance then at that moment. Looking around, it was hard to find a dry eye in the audience. What a voice, what a story, what a woman!
Antibalas
For more than a decade, Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings have spearheaded a soul and funk revivalist movement intended on capturing the height of soul, from the mid 1960s to the mid 1970s, through their indie Brooklyn label Daptone Records. The record label organized this unique show at the Apollo naming it “A Daptone Super Soul Revue.” It featured a collaboration of several talents including Naomi Shelton & The Gospel Queens, Charles Bradley & Menahan Street Band, The Sugarman Three, and Antibalas. Soul sister Naomi Shelton was a classic jewel to see. She looked like a sweet darling while her voice echoed power and purity. When singing “A Change Is Gonna Come”, Naomi and her backing group demonstrated gospel at its finest. Charles Bradley's performance closely resembled legendary James Brown's music, movements, and costumes. He wore multiple flashy suits with statement jewelry which he stripped down throughout the show. Charles moved wildly around the stage dropping to his knees with the microphone as well as doing the James Brown split. His voice was intense and raw while singing about heartache and pain.
Sharon Jones And the Dap-Kings | “If You Call”
The afrobeat orchestra, Antibalas won the crowd with their jazzy, latin, funk, groovy rhythms that were as original as their description. The eleven-piece orchestra played several long songs effortlessly in sync creating one rhythm and one voice. Antibalas additionally performed numerous solos that highlighted the diverse talent of the band members. The lead singer and percussionist Amayo, was a character in his own. Although some of his lyrics seemed foreign to me, it didn't stop me or the audience from singing and dancing along to the band's feel good music. Daptone Records ended the show Motown style with all the family coming back on stage to sing a few more numbers. The leader of this family, Sharon Jones, showed her humble nature and love for her fans by staying late after the show to take pictures with every fan who requested it. She was just recently nominated for a Grammy, and after this experience, she definitely has my vote.
Writer + Photographer + Video | Elizabeth Ramirez
Naomi Shelton & The Gospel Queens | “A Change Is Gonna Come”
Sharon Jones And The Dap Kings | “100 Days 100 Nights”
Charles Bradley | “Heartache And Pain”
Sharon Jones And The Dap Kings | “Every Beat Of My Heart”
Super Soul Revue Daptone Records | “Family Affair”
The International Space Station (ISS) is a research facility currently being assembled in Low Earth Orbit. On-orbit construction of the station began in 1998 and is scheduled to be complete by 2011, with operations continuing until at least 2015. As of 2009, the ISS is the largest artificial satellite in Earth orbit, with a mass larger than any previous space station
The ISS is a joint project among the space agencies of the United States (National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA), Russia (Russian Federal Space Agency - RKA), Japan (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency - JAXA), Canada (Canadian Space Agency - CSA) and ten European nations (European Space Agency - ESA). The Brazilian Space Agency (AEB) participates through a separate contract with NASA. The Italian Space Agency (ASI) similarly has separate contracts for various activities not done within the framework of ESA's ISS projects (where Italy also fully participates). China has reportedly expressed interest in the project, especially if it would be able to work with the RKA, although as of 2009 it is not involved.
Nearly three years after the Fort Hood shooting, a group of soldiers and their families is pressing the Department of Defense to make victims of the rampage eligible for the Purple Heart and other benefits.
About 160 people affected by the Nov. 5, 2009, shooting released a video this week describing the attack on the sprawling Texas Army post.
"The victims are being forgotten and it's frustrating," Kimberly Munley, one of the first two officers who arrived at the shooting scene, told The Associated Press.
Maj. Nidal Hasan, an American-born Muslim who officials believe was inspired by a radical Islamic cleric, faces the death penalty if convicted of 13 counts of premeditated murder and 32 counts of attempted premeditated murder in the attack.
While several government reports have described the rampage as an act of terrorism, soldiers and their relatives say the only way Fort Hood victims and their families will get the same benefits as troops killed or injured in combat is if the defense secretary specifically designates the shooting a "terrorist attack."
Pentagon press secretary George Little said Friday that the Department of Defense "will not, at this time, further characterize" the shooting because it is committed to the integrity of the ongoing court-martial proceedings against Hasan. There are concerns that formally changing the designation could affect the legal proceedings.
Little said survivors of the shooting are "eligible for the same medical benefits as any service member."
Staff Sgt. Shawn Manning, who was shot six times that day, said his injuries prevented him from continuing to serve. But he won't receive the same benefits as those severely wounded on the battlefield because an Army medical evaluation board didn't deem his injuries to be combat-related, he said.
An October 2011 letter on behalf of Defense Secretary Leon Panetta was sent to U.S. Sen. Joe Lieberman, chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee, saying "the department is dealing with the threat of violent Islamist extremism in the context of a broader threat of workplace violence."
But the National Counterterrorism Center's 2009 Report on Terrorism called the Fort Hood shooting a "high fatality terrorist attack." The shooting also was mentioned in the State Department's "Country Reports on Terrorism 2009."
Witnesses have said that after lunch on Nov. 5, 2009, a gunman wearing an Army combat uniform opened fire after shouting "Allahu Akbar!" — or "God is great!" in Arabic — inside a crowded Fort Hood medical building where deploying and returning soldiers received vaccines and other tests.
A Senate report released last year said the FBI missed warning signs about Hasan, an Army psychiatrist who was to deploy to Afghanistan the following month. The report said he had become an Islamic extremist and a "ticking time bomb" before the rampage at Fort Hood, about 125 miles southwest of Fort Worth. Officials also say Hasan exchanged emails with Anwar al-Awlaki, a radical U.S.-born Islamic cleric killed in Yemen last year by a drone strike.
___
Associated Press writer Lolita Baldor in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
The women did so.
The researchers took their photos again.
Here's an example of how the models looked before and after:
ALEX JONES/QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF EXPERIMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY
Then, the researchers replicated, altered, and arranged each model's photos so that they progressed in a series from clean-faced to fully made-up. Each progression looked something like this, except with 21 images for each model:
ALEX JONES/QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF EXPERIMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY
They showed the photo series to 44 Bangor University students. For each model's series, the subjects were told to select the photo that best represented what they themselves thought was most attractive, the one they thought most women would like best, and the one they thought most men would like best.
Suffice it to say, ladies who frequent da club might have been dropping a fortune at Sephora for naught.
The female participants thought the models looked better with slightly more makeup than the male participants did. However, all of the participants thought male observers would want the models to be wearing more makeup than female observers would.
They were wrong—men and women preferred the same amount. And that amount was less than the models had actually applied.
Specifically, people thought the models looked best when they were wearing just 60 percent as much makeup as they had actually applied. But they thought women would want the models to be wearing 75 percent as much, and that men would want 80 percent. (Interestingly, the men thought other men wanted the women to be wearing more makeup, even when they themselves didn't. As if to say, “Oh, I'm the progressive one around here. It's those other guys you have to watch out for.”)
“Taken together, these results suggest that women are likely wearing cosmetics to appeal to the mistaken preferences of others,” Jones and Kramer wrote in the study, forthcoming from the Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology. “These mistaken preferences seem more tied to the perceived expectancies of men, and, to a lesser degree, of women.”
In other words, the models were primping for nonexistent ideals, not for actual humans.
The authors note that in past studies, animals would sometimes use fake sex cues, like experimentally lengthened tails, to try to attract a mate. The mate in question, though, could usually see through the ruse. Similarly, the cute guy at the croissant place probably knows your lips are not actually “Fuschia Flash”-colored.
A few things to keep in mind before you toss your eyeshadow collection. For one thing, the makeup of the women in the photos is more gaudy than what most adult women wear during the day. And not explored in the study is the world of contouring makeup, which usually makes the wearer look simply like they have a more defined face, rather than as though they just teleported in from Studio 54.
The judging took place in Bangor, a tiny hamlet in Wales, where beauty standards are probably different than they are in Beijing or Berlin or Baton Rouge.
Still, in this age of impossibly high beauty standards, it's comforting to consider that the only people who expect us to look flawlessly made-up, are ourselves.
Eight dates have been rescheduled on Rihanna's tour, including stops in San Diego, Houston, Austin, Dallas, Atlanta, Phoenix, New Orleans and Oakland and San Jose, Calif.
Following her Grammy performance cancellation from a bout with bronchitis, several dates of Rihanna's Anti tour, initially scheduled to begin at the end of February, have been postponed.
Eight dates have been rescheduled on Rihanna's tour, including stops in San Diego, Houston, Austin, Dallas, Atlanta, Phoenix, New Orleans and Oakland and San Jose, Calif. A source in San Jose tells Billboard that the second show on the tour –– set for Feb. 28 at the SAP Center and moved to May 8 — was having production problems and the show wouldn't be ready in time, which has been known for a couple of weeks. The show was headed for a sellout.
Rihanna's rep confirmed to Billboard that "production delays" were behind the postponement.
The tour will now begin on March 12 in Jacksonville, Fla.; see the full list of rescheduled dates below, with the new dates bolded.
The singer will head out on her global trek in support of her eighth studio effort Anti. Rapper Travis Scott will be her plus-one for the North American leg while Big Sean and The Weeknd will join her for the European stint.
Billboard has reached out to reps for Rihanna for comment.
March 12 – Jacksonville, FL, Jacksonville Arena
March 13 – Tampa, FL, Amalie Arena
March 15 – Miami, FL, American Airlines Arena
March 18 – Nashville, TN, Bridgestone Arena
March 19 – Cincinnati, OH, U.S. Bank Arena
March 20 – Charlotte, NC, The Time Warner Cable Arena
March 22 – Washington, DC, Verizon Center
March 23 – Buffalo, NY, First Niagara Center
March 24 – Auburn Hills, MI, Palace of Auburn Hills
March 26 – Hartford, CT, XL Center
March 27 – Brooklyn, NY, Barclays Center
March 30 – Brooklyn, NY, Barclays Center
April 2 – Newark, NJ, Prudential Center
April 3 – Philadelphia, PA, Wells Fargo
April 5 – Quebec City, QC, Centre Videotron
April 6 – Montreal, QC, Bell Centre
April 7 – Montreal, QC, Bell Centre
April 9 – Baltimore, MD, Royal Farms Arena
April 10 – Boston, MA, TD Garden
April 13 – Toronto, ON, Air Canada Centre
April 14 – Toronto, ON, Air Canada Centre
April 15 – Chicago, IL, United Center
April 18 – Winnipeg, MS, MTS Centre
April 20 – Edmonton, AB, Rexall Place
April 21 – Calgary, AB, Scotiabank Saddledome
April 23 – Vancouver, BC, Rogers Arena
April 24 – Seattle, WA, KeyArena
April 27 – Salt Lake City, UT, Vivint Smart Home Arena
April 29 – Las Vegas, NV, Mandalay Bay
April 30 – Las Vegas, NV, Mandalay Bay
May 1* – Phoenix, AZ, Talking Stick Resort Arena
May 3 – Los Angeles, CA, Forum
May 4 – Los Angeles, CA, Forum
May 6* – San Jose, CA, SAP Center
May 7* – Oakland, CA, Oracle Arena
May 9* – San Diego, CA, Viejas Arena
May 13* – Dallas, TX, American Airlines Center
May 14* – Austin, TX, Frank Erwin Center
May 15* – Houston, TX, Toyota Center
May 17* – New Orleans, LA, Smoothie King Center
May 18* – Atlanta, GA, Philips Arena
This article was originally published on billboard.com.
D r. Simon Tomlin studied the man sitting across the table from him. Rocking back and forth in his chair, with his shoulders slouching, his eyes darting all around the room, and his upper lip twitching every few seconds, the man conveyed a distinctly squirrel-like impression. It was hard to believe that, before his breakdown, this man had been one of the foremost number theorists in the world.
"How are you today, Professor Ersheim?" asked Dr. Tomlin.
"Fine, fine, thank you, just fine," replied the man without looking at him.
"Have you been sleeping all right?"
"Oh, yes, I've been sleeping quite well, sleeping like a baby," replied Ersheim, nodding vigorously in sync with his rocking. Still no eye contact.
"That's good to hear."
Ersheim suddenly stopped rocking and looked straight at Tomlin, eyes bulging. "Oh, cut the nice-guy act, Doctor," he said sharply. "I know you think I'm crazy, don't you think I know you think I'm crazy? That's what everyone thought about Laszlo Bleem, too; that's what they want you to think." He stared at Tomlin, not moving, not blinking.
"Who are you talking about, Professor? Who wants everyone to think you're crazy?"
"The numbers, Doctor, the numbers. They say that numbers don't lie, only they do, they lie all the time, they've always lied. But not to me -- oh, no, I see through their deceptions, I know what they're hiding," said Ersheim. He started rocking again.
"And what would that be, Professor?"
"Bleem, that's what. Bleem!" shouted Ersheim, banging his fists against the desk. He then leaned close to Tomlin and whispered, "The secret integer between three and four."
"We have been over this, Professor -- there is no integer between three and four."
"Tell that to Laszlo Bleem, Doctor," said Ersheim. "Only you can't -- he's dead," he added, giggling. Then he whispered, "He died for trying to expose bleem."
"Laszlo Bleem died in a car accident, Professor."
"Oh, grow up! The man published a paper detailing his discovery of an up-until-now unknown integer somewhere between one and twenty, stating that he was working on a proof of its existence and exact location, and a week after the paper is published -- poof! Bleem dies in a car crash, and his house burns down, destroying all of his written notes. The next day the computer system at his university crashes, erasing all of his electronic notes. Bleem got too close, see, and he was eliminated. Just as I'm going to be, if you don't listen to me."
At this point, Tomlin decided that it was time to play his trump card.
"All right Professor, let's say that there is, as you say, a secret integer between three and four. Positive integers are counting numbers, right?"
"That's right, Doctor," nodded Ersheim, and then, as if to confirm that fact, he began counting, moving his head from side to side: "one, two, three, bleem, four . . ."
"That's enough, Professor," interrupted Tomlin. "Now, if bleem is a counting number, that means that you can have bleem of something."
"Of course," said Ersheim. "I didn't know you were a mathematician, Doctor." He looked at Tomlin with what was probably meant to be a smile, but looked more like a scowl.
"Just bear with me, Professor," said Tomlin as he reached into his pocket and drew out a little plastic bag.
"What's that, Doctor?" asked Ersheim.
"Jelly beans," said Tomlin, smiling, as he tore open the packet and emptied its contents, about two dozen multicolored jelly beans, onto the desk.
"Now Professor Ersheim, I'd like you to please separate bleem of these jelly beans from the rest," said Tomlin, a self-satisfied grin on his face.
"All right," said Ersheim, and reached over and moved three jelly beans over to his side of the desk. He looked at them with suspicion, then looked back at the main pile, then back at the three lying before him, and quickly grabbed another one and put it next to them. He studied the four jelly beans for a moment, then slid the fourth one back toward Tomlin, but when it was about halfway to the main pile, he snatched it back and added it to the three, visibly agitated. He then picked up each of the four jelly beans and held it up to his eyes, turning it this way and that, looking at it with deep mistrust. When he had inspected all of the jelly beans, he sat back in his chair, a look of frustrated resignation on his face.
"I can't do it, Doctor," he said.
"So bleem is not an integer after all," said Tomlin triumphantly.
"No!" screamed Ersheim and swept his hand over the desktop, sending the jelly beans flying all over the room. "Bleem exists! Something prevented me from separating bleem jelly beans! I could have three or four, but not bleem!"
"Calm down, Professor. I was here, I watched what you were doing, and there was nothing restraining you, nothing preventing you from separating out bleem jelly beans except for the fact that bleem doesn't exist."
"But it does exist," said Ersheim timidly. He added, with growing conviction, "It does exist. And I can prove it!"
"How can you prove it, Professor, if you insist that there is an omnipresent, invisible force keeping it secret?"
"Remember, Doctor," said Ersheim, his tone conspiratorial, "that I'm a mathematician, and a damn good one. All mathematics has been doctored in order to conceal bleem's existence, see, but it wasn't doctored perfectly, oh no. There is an obscure branch of number theory that I helped invent about twenty years ago, and I think I can apply some of its theorems to prove that, in order for mathematics to be consistent, there must be an integer between three and four. That was the topic of my lecture during which I was so rudely interrupted by several of my colleagues and lost my temper."
Lost your temper indeed, thought Tomlin. It had taken two weeks to repair all the damage to the lecture hall.
"Those colleagues didn't seem impressed by your proof, Professor," said Tomlin.
"That's because I haven't worked out all the particulars of the proof yet," said Ersheim. "And even if I had, none of those idiots knows the first thing about my research," he added angrily. "But I'm close, Doctor, I can feel it. Just let me out of here, let me return to my research, and I'll have the proof in just a few months. Or at least allow me access to a pen and some paper so that I can work in here."
Ersheim was clearly agitated, so Tomlin decided not to aggravate him further.
"All right, Professor," said Tomlin, "I'll think about what you've told me. I just have one more question for you."
"What's that, Doctor?"
"What possible reason could anyone have to keep secret the existence of a number?"
"I'm not sure," said Ersheim, shaking his head. "Perhaps bleem has some mystical properties -- don't give me that look, Doctor -- or is believed to have them. Numerology has always had a fanatical following." After a moment's pause, Ersheim's face lit up with excitement. "Or perhaps the knowledge of bleem would allow us to attain a much higher level of mathematical sophistication. It might allow us to come up with a mathematically viable theory of time travel, or faster-than-light communication, or who knows what else."
"I see," said Tomlin, "and you really think the discovery of bleem might make these things possible?"
"I don't know, but who's to say it won't?" said Ersheim with a shrug.
"I see your point," said Tomlin. "Well, Professor, I'm very glad we had this talk. You've given me a lot to think about. I'll see you in a couple of days."
They shook hands, and Ersheim left the room. Tomlin sat there for a while, looking at the jelly beans strewn about on the floor.
How sad, thought Tomlin, that a man who has devoted his entire life to the study of numbers should come to think that those very numbers are out to get him. It made sense, of course, that the paranoia manifested itself in relation to something that Ersheim was already obsessed with.
Tomlin was not entirely pleased with that afternoon's session. He had hoped that the jelly bean example would force Ersheim to see the absurdity of his position, but all it did was aggravate him. Still, such a strong reaction indicated that perhaps Tomlin had hit upon a sensitive spot in Ersheim's delusion.
Satisfied that some progress had been made, Tomlin packed up his things and went home. Before leaving the hospital, he instructed the attendants who watched Ersheim that their patient should under no circumstances be allowed access to writing materials.
Tomlin had trouble getting to sleep that night. Every time he closed his eyes, he was confronted by visions of an army of giant numerals closing in on him, guided by a shadowy shape that was bleem. Frustrated, he pulled out a notepad he kept by his bedside, and wrote down the numbers between one and ten. They look so harmless, he thought, just squiggles on a sheet of paper, and yet numbers lie at the foundation of science, and thus make modern civilization possible. He looked at them again, with more respect, and mentally read them off, one by one. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. They were all there; there was neither need nor room for bleem. His mind finally at ease, Tomlin went to sleep.
He was awakened next morning by the ringing of his telephone. It was Gene, one of the attendants from the hospital. Ersheim was gone.
Tomlin rushed to the hospital. Upon arrival, he was greeted by Gene, who explained to him what had happened, denying responsibility at every opportunity. Ersheim had been fine at ten the previous evening, when Gene last checked on him, but when Gene made his morning rounds at six, Ersheim was not in his room. Ersheim's door was locked from the outside, and the night watchman reported nothing out of the ordinary. As far as anyone could tell, Ersheim had vanished into thin air.
"I think you should see his room," added Gene when he was finished.
Tomlin followed Gene to Ersheim's room. When he saw it, his worst fears were confirmed.
The walls of the room were covered with equations. Rows upon rows of mathematical symbols, most of which Tomlin did not recognize, written by an unsteady hand in reddish purple ink. Ersheim had to have worked nonstop all night by the light of the moon.
Looking around the room, Tomlin noticed in one of the corners a little pool of what must have served as Ersheim's ink. He walked over to it, and found a plastic cup that had been knocked over. Dipping his finger in the ink, he tasted it. Grape juice. Floating in the puddle of juice was a crude writing implement fashioned out of a drinking straw. Piled up in another corner of the room were all of Ersheim's clothes. There was no sign of Ersheim himself.
"Looks like he left us a little snack," said Gene from behind Tomlin.
Tomlin turned around to see Gene standing next to the night table. Gene was reaching for one of three small dark objects lying on the table.
"Don't touch those!" yelled Tomlin.
"They're just jelly beans, Doc," replied Gene, as he flicked one of them into the air.
Tomlin watched in horror as the jelly bean described a parabola in the air, ending up in Gene's mouth.
"Want one?" asked Gene, motioning at the remaining jelly beans.
Tomlin looked down at the night table. There were three jelly beans on the tabletop.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Email
A Monmouth poll out of Florida released Monday shows that Donald Trump's lead in Florida has shrunk to just +8 points. Taken between March 3 – 6, 38% of 403 likely Republican presidential primary voters chose Donald Trump. Florida Senator Marco Rubio earned 30%. Ted Cruz and John Kasich came in third and fourth with 17% and 10%, receptively.
Of those who have already voted, Rubio actually leads Trump 48% to 23%. Of those who have not yet voted, Trump leads 42% to 26%.
In a head-to-head match-up, Trump edges Rubio 47% to 45%.
Trump would beat Cruz in the Sunshine State 48% to 40%.
Although, Trump leads in this poll, there is good news for Rubio. First off, he has banked much of his vote in early voting. Secondly, the trend is with him. Just two weeks ago, albeit in different polls, Trump's lead was +20 points. Finally, Trump has been losing late deciders in most of these states. One caveat, though, is that Florida voters already know Marco Rubio.
Best of all, Rubio has another week and one more debate ahead of him. That is forever in politics.
On Trump's side is a substantial +8 point lead and the fact that 67% of his voters are locked in, compared to 55% for Rubio and 48% for Cruz.
There is also the Cruz Factor in Florida. The Texas Senator is enjoying a legitimate surge in popularity and that might translate to Florida (and take votes from Rubio). His super PAC is also running ads against Rubio and claims to be opening around ten offices.
In general, when you consider this poll (although it is only 1) along with the election results from this past weekend, Trump does appear to be taking on water. He has had a terrible 10 days, much of it self-inflicted. It all started when he flubbed a question about David Duke and ran straight through to a debate performance so terrible it might be remembered as a devastating turning point that occurred just when The Donald should have been sailing to the nomination.
Imagine how dull politics in this country would be without Florida.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
When it comes to the Ottawa Food Bank, just about anyone could walk through the doors someday.
That's the conclusion of a report, published Wednesday by the Ottawa Food Bank, called the Hunger Report.
It paints a picture of the kinds of people who make use of the Ottawa Food Bank - more than 41,000 users per month.
Executive Director Michael Maidment tells CFRA's Ottawa Now with Evan Solomon there are some preconceived notions about who uses the Food Bank.
"It's not that person who's panhandling on the street corner; that's not who's using the Food Bank," Maidment says. "It could be anyone. It could be somebody on the bus. It could be somebody next to you on the Queensway. It could be a colleague or a family member who needs a food bank next."
The report shows that 65% of people who use the Food Bank report social assistance or disability benefits as their highest source of income. But 26% of Food Bank users have a post-secondary education, be it a college diploma, trade certification or even a PhD.
60% of Food Bank clients come from homes with no children. 36% of clients have children under the age of 18.
The report highlights stories, such as those of clients who say they have good jobs, but they still can't afford all their bills at the end of the month.
"Some weeks, especially in the winter, I have to choose between paying for heat in my apartment and buying groceries. Then when I see that one of my kids is growing out of their shoes, I really start to panic."
Other stories tell tales of struggling with disease or disability.
"After the chemo treatment I am sick and worn out. But the really hard part is keeping things going at home. Forty-five for a bus pass. Fifty for a phone. Ninety for heat. Then paying for my medical needs, and trying to do all that on my disability cheque. It doesn't work."
Still more stories show the impact of hunger on children.
"Sometimes my mom and dad skip dinner so we have enough to eat. I pretend like I don't notice, but it makes me really sad. I wish we could help them."
Maidment says many events can push people over the edge.
"If somebody has precarious employment, or does not have benefits, that could cause somebody to turn to a food bank. Even just paying for the medication and being too sick to work could be enough to thrust somebody into poverty."
Maidment says the Food Bank is just one element of the fight against hunger.
"We know more food does not solve the issue of hunger," Maidment says in a statement at the start of the report. "We must drive change at the local level to address the root issues of hunger. We will work with our counterparts at the provincial and national levels to institute broad systemic change. We will push for more affordable housing and the guaranteed basic income."
The report was released just one day after a Dalhousie University study that showed the price of food was expected to rise 3-5% annually, something Maidment says will also contribute not only to people needing to access the food bank, but also their ability to donate to the food bank, and the Ottawa Food Bank's own ability to purchase fresh food.
Java 8's new Optional type is worthless
W. Brian Gourlie Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 20, 2015
When Java 8 was released, I was excited to see the new Optional type. The null reference is a common source of errors in most languages (see: billion dollar mistake) and option types are a solution to this problem. After spending some time with Java's option type, I've come to the conclusion that it doesn't actually solve anything.
First, a little background...
Suppose we have a method that calls out to a database to fetch a record. If that record doesn't exist, it's common practice to return null. Intuitive enough, right?
The problem is, there's no good way for the caller to know that the function may return null without digging into the code. Inevitably, the null reference is passed around and eventually dereferenced. This is where the option type comes in.
At a high level, the option type is simple—It wraps a type `T`, which may or may not be present.
Let's pretend our hypothetical database method now returns an Optional<DbRecord>. If the record is present, it will be accessible via the option type. If not, the option type can indicate that. A programmer looking at the code for the first time will know, just by looking at the return type, "Hey, this method may not return a record! I'll have to handle that scenario."
It's all about the guarantees
Static type systems offer a lot of guarantees. If we create a string variable and attempt to assign an integer to it, our program won't compile. The compiler is the first line of defense when it comes to preventing common errors. The more errors the compiler can prevent, the better.
Most languages with a first-class option type have slick type systems. The option type is implemented in such a way that the programmer must handle the possibility of a present and non-present value. The constructs that make this possible, algebraic data types and pattern matching, don't exist in Java. Because of this, one of the greatest benefits of the option type is lost entirely—A compiler that guarantees we handle both scenarios.
But wait, there's more...
Another great thing about pattern matching, and how it relates to option types, is you can only access the wrapped value if it exists. This affords us another guarantee—We can never access a non-present (essentially null) value.
Again, this is not the case in Java. If we call `Optional.get()` when no value is present, a NoSuchElementException is thrown. This defeats the purpose entirely! We're essentially trading one unchecked exception for another.
The last flaw with Java's implementation is a bit ironic — It's possible for the optional reference itself to be null. If we want to write safe code, we still need to do null checks in addition to an `isPresent()` check. We get zero guarantees, require an additional check, and have an additional bit of indirection in accessing our value.
What they should have done
You might think I'm advocating changes to Java's type system. I'm not. Java is at a point in its life where being pragmatic trumps being cutting-edge and fancy. Oracle should have realized that Java's type system is incapable of properly implementing an option type and taken a different approach.
It turns out a more pragmatic solution does exist, but it's not great, primarily because there's no first-class support. That solution is static analysis.
Sun understood this nearly a decade ago when JSR-305 was introduced. This proposed set of standard annotations would help to aid static analysis tools in identifying null reference errors. They solve the same problem that the option type is meant to solve, in a way that doesn't require drastic changes to the type system to implement effectively.
As it stands, some tools still rely on these annotations which are now vended by a 3rd party. Some tools interpret the annotations differently than others, or use their own similar-yet-different annotations. Lacking a standard, it's impossible to have reliable analysis across multiple projects.
Unfortunately, Oracle is not very keen on static analysis. In fact, they're on record stating that "Despite the marketing claims of the third parties that do this, 'third party code review' is not 'industry best practice.'"
Some folks may disagree.
American Evangelist Arrested in London for Preaching Homosexuality Is a Sin
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Tony Miano, a retired deputy sheriff from Los Angeles County, Calif., was arrested in London, England, earlier this week for preaching on abstaining from sexual immorality, both heterosexual and homosexual, in downtown Wimbledon. He was found to be in violation of Public Order Act Section 5, for "using homophobic speech that could cause people anxiety, distress, alarm or insult," Miano said in a YouTube video posted on Wednesday.
Preaching from 1 Thessalonians 4:1-12, Miano spoke about sexual sins for 25 minutes before being cut off by Metropolitan Police officers who said that although preaching in itself is not an offense, the specific part of the Bible he was preaching from was interpreted as homophobic by the woman who called to complain.
Miano told police officers that he doesn't hate homosexuals, and then reiterated that he was preaching about all forms of sexual immorality – lust, fornication and addiction to pornography. He said that he "loves homosexuals enough to bring them the truth of the Gospel."
Subsequently, Miano was arrested and escorted uncuffed to the police station, where he was booked, photographed and fingerprinted. Police also took a DNA sample to ensure that he was not a wanted criminal.
During the seven hours he spent in jail, Miano said he was interrogated about his faith in Jesus Christ, and was asked a series of questions.
"I was asked if I believe homosexuality is a sin. I was asked what portion of the Bible I was reading. I was asked that if a homosexual was hungry and walked up to me, would I give them something to eat."
Miano said Wednesday that he was hoping to get a copy of the interrogation, "because the world really needs to hear it."
On Thursday, he posted a transcript from the interrogation on his website, Cross Encounters.
Sports Fan International, the mission team that organized the evangelistic effort outside the Wimbledon tennis tournament, quickly retained attorney Michael Phillips of Christian Concern, an organization Miano described as being similar to the American Center for Law and Justice and Alliance Defending Freedom in the United States. Phillips relayed the bad news to Miano that he was facing 24 hours in jail, followed by prosecution, in which he could possibly be ordered to stay in England until the completion of his trial, which could last four to five months.
Miano said he then asked for his Bible and received a copy of the Gideon's Bible, and began reading from Acts 1-5, and explained that he found particular comfort in chapters 3-5. He also said he sang hymns inside his jail cell.
In time, Miano said a peace came over him. He later found out that although he was expecting the worst, the inspector had decided to release him "without further action." He was released just after midnight on Tuesday.
To watch the exchange between Metroplitan Police officers and Tony Miano, forward to 25:40 minutes.
Wear A Square Hijab for Glasses in Less than 5 Minutes
Actually, the main problem with this hijab tutorial is that you will be needing most of the minutes for the arranging of hijab on your head.
You will be needing:
a square hijab
inner cloth headband
2 safety pins
3 bobby pins.
First things first. Fold the square hijab into a triangle. Place it on your head with two sides equal of length to each other.
Assalamualaikum pretty and modest ladies.I love square hijabs because they are less hot than the pashmina ones. I have been wearing square hijabs since I was in grade school. And yes, I started wearing hijab when I was four. It started with me being envious of my hijabi mom and cousins. :)I am sharing to you another hijab tutorial especially for those wearing glasses. I started wearing glasses just this month. Basically, I had to change my hijab style because I don't want my ears to be bulging out because of the glasses handle. >.< I hope you get this one. ^___^Take the left side of the hijab and wrap the front of your neck like what you see in the photo above.Take your first bobby pin and pin it to place into your inner cloth headband.Take the right side of the hijab and use safety pin to secure it just below the neck.Take the same right side of the hijab and arrange it to your liking and use safety pin to secure it halfway beneath the other side of the hijab.Secure the hijab using the remaining bobby pins.DONE! :) Now you are ready to flaunt your glasses without having to worry about bulging of your hijab in the ear sides.You can use accessories too! :)That's all. Salams.
A cosmetics company with ties to the Ford family business breached the city's bylaws by improperly lobbying former mayor Rob Ford and brother Doug Ford, the city's lobbyist registrar says.
In recent years, The Globe and Mail has reported on cases in which the former mayor and councillor attempted to intervene with city staff on behalf of Apollo Health and Beauty Care – a company that has a commercial relationship with the Ford family's business Deco Labels and Tags. This week, the city's lobbyist registrar, Linda Gehrke, released a report finding that Apollo breached the city's lobbying rules.
But Ms. Gehrke's report found that Apollo's activities were "unintentional," and she has since allowed the company to retroactively register on the lobbyist list. Richard Wachsberg, the co-owner of Apollo, did not respond to requests for comment.
Story continues below advertisement
"In my view, a fair-minded member of the public, reasonably informed of the facts, would reasonably think that lobbying of the then-mayor and then-councillor … placed the members of Council in an apparent conflict of interest," Ms. Gehrke's report reads.
A 2012 report in The Globe found that the former mayor arranged a meeting for Apollo with Toronto Water's general manager, Lou Di Gironimo, to investigate an alleged problem with sewage discharge. At the time, Mr. Di Gironimo said he was not aware of Apollo's dealings with Deco.
And a 2014 Globe report found that the Ford brothers helped Apollo attempt to lobby City Manager Joe Pennachetti for a special property-tax break without disclosing the commercial relationship.
A probe into the Ford brothers' conduct in relation to Apollo by the city's integrity commissioner is still under way.
Ms. Gehrke's report this week found a list of seven instances dating back to 2011 in which Apollo contacted the Fords for city matters without registering as lobbyists, as required in city bylaws.
Ms. Gehrke's report says the president of Apollo invited the former mayor to a tennis match. Lobbying bylaws prohibit members of council from accepting gifts. Rob Ford did not attend, but Doug Ford did along with their mother, Diane Ford, the report says.
The former mayor's chief of staff, Dan Jacobs, said Thursday that the now-councillor does not plan to address the report.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"As far as the lobbyist registrar report goes, it says he didn't attend, so he's not really involved," Mr. Jacobs said.
And when reached by phone, Doug Ford initially declined to comment. "I think it's an absolute joke," he then said of the report. "It's an attack from special interests."
Also on Thursday, a report from the city's integrity commissioner found the former mayor violated the council code of conduct in using racial slurs in two instances in 2012 and 2014. The mayor has since admitted to uttering the slurs and, according to the report, intends to deliver an apology to city council.
"The statements and conduct of Mr. Ford were inappropriate. The conduct was not just inappropriate – it was abusive, harmful and agreed by society to be unacceptable," Valerie Jepson's report finds. "Considering the position he held at the time, his actions were egregious and wholly unbecoming of the Office of the Mayor."
Samuel Getachew, a 37-year-old Ethiopian-Canadian journalist, filed the complaint against Mr. Ford for the slurs in July.
Ms. Jepson said the former mayor "responded promptly to the complaint and accepted the underlying facts." She said that he brought to her attention a public apology he had made in June of last year, the day he returned from rehab for substance abuse.
Story continues below advertisement
"I want to apologize, not just to the people of Toronto but to everyone who was hurt by my remarks and my actions," he said at the time.
But Ms. Jepson and Mr. Getachew agreed a more "specific" response from Mr. Ford is necessary. As a result, the report says, the councillor intends to deliver a formal apology to city council.
"I've seen lots of people who look like me go and hug him and compliment him and I was disappointed. I wanted more people to say 'no, what you're saying is wrong. Nobody should call us or me the N-word,'" Mr. Getachew said in an interview Thursday.
As the busiest part of the house, the kitchen has collected more folklore than any other room in it.
by Craig Good
Filed under Fads, Urban Legends
Skeptoid Podcast #453
February 10, 2015
Podcast transcript | Download | Subscribe
Also available in Russian
Listen:
http://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4453.mp3
One of the things that distinguishes Homo sapiens from the rest of the Animal Kingdom is that we are the species that cooks. Countless millennia of growing, hunting, preparing, processing, and cooking our food has produced a lot of folk wisdom. Some is based on solid science, and some is just plain made up. Because preparing food should be rewarding, fun, and safe, grab an apron and join me in the kitchen. See if you can guess which cooking tips are myth, true, or somewhere in between.
There's no way we can cover them all, but we'll try to catch a lot of common ones. Let's start with some myths about equipment and technique, and then march through the pantry by category.
Equipment and technique
Grilling causes cancer — MYTH
This myth seems to stem from the discovery of the presence of Acrylamide in some burned foods. Later it was found to be naturally occurring in many foods. While it has been linked to toxic effects on the nervous system and fertility, the FDA and the World Health Organization found that intake would have to be some 500 times that found in an average diet to impact the nervous system, and 2,000 times to affect fertility.
Cooking in aluminum pots and pans causes Alzheimer's — MYTH
No link has been found between aluminum cookware and Alzheimer's. It does appear that Alzheimer's sufferers have higher concentrations of aluminum in their brains, but if aluminum exposure were the cause then Alzheimer's would be more prevalent in people with very high exposure to aluminum. And it isn't. Besides, your cookware is not a major source of aluminum intake compared to other common sources.
You should use non-reactive bowls and pans for acidic foods like sourdough and tomato sauce — TRUE
Cooking or preparing acidic foods in aluminum, copper, or other reactive metals can both damage the cookware and impart a metallic taste or odd color to your food. Prepare in plastic or glass bowls, and cook in either stainless steel or non-stick pans instead.
Plastic cutting boards have fewer germs than wooden ones — TRUE
It turns out that the study claiming wood has fairly decent anti-bacterial properties was flawed, failing to account for bacteria hiding inside the wood and away from the surface. Wooden boards are not allowed in commercial kitchens. But are they safe for home? Well, they can be. Kept clean and well maintained, either one is a perfectly good food prep surface. The most important safety tip is to avoid cross contamination. Use separate boards for raw meats and vegetables.
Whip cream and egg whites in a copper bowl if you have one, never in a plastic one — TRUE
Besides good heat conductivity to keep its contents cold, trace copper ions give a more stable foam. But oil molecules on the surface of plastic interfere with foam development.
The microwave oven was invented when a Magnetron melted the candy in a guy's pocket — TRUE
One day radar engineer Percy Spencer noticed that the candy bar in his pocket had melted when he stood in front of an active radar. He wasn't the first to notice the effect, but he was the first to try the next logical step: Popcorn. He later enclosed the magnetron in a metal box to contain the radiation, and the microwave oven was born. Now you know why it was called the Radarange.
Microwave ovens destroy nutrients — MYTH
The only thing the non-ionizing radiation of a microwave oven can do to food is make it hotter. In fact, it's so gentle that it's one of the best methods, along with steaming, for preserving nutrients while cooking.
You should never heat baby formula in a microwave oven — TRUE
It's not because it damages the nutrients. Microwaves heat unevenly, and since there's no stirring from convection sometimes part of the liquid is very hot while the surrounding liquid is cooler. So the risk to baby is getting scalded.
Alcohol completely evaporates from food when you cook it. — MYTH
Ethanol does boil at a lower temperature than water, but also binds with other compounds. Depending on the recipe and technique, as much as 85% of the alcohol can remain. Only very long cook times, upwards of 3 hours, are likely to remove it all.
Salt is just salt — MIXED
Sure, chemically it's just Sodium Chloride. But the grain size between table salt and Kosher salt is so different that if a recipe calls specifically for one, you really don't want to substitute. A teaspoon of table salt is a lot saltier than a teaspoon of Kosher because it weighs more.
Vinegar never goes bad — TRUE
Cook's Illustrated magazine tested 12-year-old balsamic. It was fine. Old vinegar will have a harmless sediment. Stir it up, filter it out, or just ignore it. Don't throw away old vinegar.
Fruits and Vegetables
Limes have lots of vitamin C — MIXED
Like all citrus, they have some. But only half as much as lemons.
Cooking vegetables robs them of nutrition — MYTH
The "raw is better" idea is really another facet of the naturalistic fallacy. Enthusiasts will point out that raw vegetables have all their enzymes intact. While this is true, the acids in your stomach will dispatch any that weren't rinsed away when you washed them. (You do wash your vegetables, I hope.) Besides, the plants need the enzymes to grow, but they're of no particular use to you. On the contrary, cooking food is why humans extract nutrients from our food more efficiently than our poor simian cousins, some of whom have to spend a third of their day chewing.
Brightly colored vegetables are the most nutritious — MYTH
While much colorful produce is rich with nutrients, many pale veggies are packed with goodness.
Grains
Bread goes stale because it dries out — MYTH
Actually it's just the opposite. The bread is absorbing moisture, actually getting heavier. The moisture causes the starch granules to crystalize, hardening the bread. That's why you don't keep it in the refrigerator, and why a brief visit to the oven can soften it again.
Beans make you fart — TRUE
Indeed beans, and a long list of other foods high in fiber and/or polysaccharides, can contribute to flatulence. This can be mitigated by soaking, ingesting a sugar-digesting enzyme such as the one found in a product called Beano, and other techniques.
Pasta
There are a lot of myths about pasta and its preparation. Here are some common ones.
Salting the water makes it boil faster — MYTH
You do want to salt the water for flavor, but the change in boiling point is so tiny that you need lab equipment to find it.
Put a lid on the pot to make it boil faster — MIXED
This makes a tiny bit of difference, but only after the water is close to the boiling point. Feel free to start the heat and then look for the lid.
Adding olive oil keeps the pasta from sticking, or the water from boiling over — MYTH
Oil and water don't mix. It won't prevent boiling over, but will give you slimy pasta that sauce doesn't want to stick to. And it's a waste of olive oil.
You should never rinse your pasta — TRUE
You want that starchy water to act as an emulsifier to help your sauce adhere to the pasta.
You need a large pot of boiling water to cook pasta — MYTH
Surprisingly, you not only don't need much water, but it doesn't even have to be boiling the whole time! Chef J. Kenji López-Alt developed a wonderful technique for cooking dry pasta that I'll link to in the show transcript.
Dairy
European eggs don't need refrigeration — TRUE
But their eggs are sold unwashed, and Europeans tend to buy in small quantities and consume their eggs quickly.
Cheese never goes bad - you can just cut off the mold — MIXED
Hard cheeses are usually fine for quite a while under the mold. Soft cheeses, like bleu cheese, not so much. Cheese stores best cool and dry, not sealed in a bag where it can collect moisture.
Raw milk is healthy — MYTH
What it really is, is risky. Their are no significant nutritional advantages to raw milk, and the serious health risks aren't worth the small flavor advantage. Raw milk enthusiasts typically represent another facet of the naturalistic, "raw is better" fallacy.
Poultry
Never wash your chicken — TRUE
Poultry is the only meat commonly processed with the skin on. That's why it can harbor dangerous microbes such as salmonella. If you wash it, you aren't disinfecting it at all, but spreading germs all over the sink, your hands, and the kitchen. Cooking it is the best way to pasteurize it.
Seafood
Lobsters scream when you boil them — MYTH
That sound is steam rapidly escaping their shells. The separate question, do they feel pain, is still unsettled. Many think that such a simple nervous system is incapable of it. While some scientists find that they do feel pain, other scientists question the validity of their methods. The answer for now seems to be we just don't know.
Fish comes from an environment about the same temperature as your refrigerator, which is why it spoils faster than meat — TRUE
Keeping fish properly chilled is important for both safety and flavor. That's why good fish shops pack it in ice for you.
Finally, we come to the subject of some of the most prevalent food myths out there.
Meat
Pork needs to be cooked well-done — MYTH
The risk of trichinosis has all but vanished in the United States and many other parts of the world. The USDA has even revised the minimum safe temperature for pork downward to 145° F (63° C).
Leftover meat needs to be reheated — MIXED
It's safe to eat cold leftovers if they were rapidly cooled after cooking. Bacteria in the presence of air can reproduce in a temperature range between 40° F and 140° F (5° C - 60°C). If it stayed out on the counter for a couple of hours before hitting the fridge, consider a thorough reheat.
Red juice leaking from a burger means it's not safe — MYTH
No, that's not blood, and no, it doesn't mean the burger is undercooked. The doneness of meat is entirely a function of temperature. Beef that isn't overcooked should still have plenty of juices. It's true that ground meat is safer cooked all the way to medium, or 140° F (60° C) than at medium rare. Steaks are safe at medium rare (132° F, 55°C) because the interior hasn't been exposed to the air. Once beef passes medium, it's really not getting any safer or any better cooked. The proteins are just contracting, getting tougher, and squeezing out the juices — along with a lot of the flavor.
You can test the doneness of steak by pressing it with a finger — MYTH
While experienced chefs appear to get away with this, an instant-read thermometer inserted into it is the only way to accurately know how done a piece of meat is.
Don't turn a steak with a fork, or cut it open to check it, or the juices will run out — MYTH
This is trivially proven by weighing the steaks before and after. They aren't bags and they don't spring leaks.
Last, but certainly not least, here is what I think must be the most stubborn and pervasive kitchen myth of all:
Searing meat seals in the juices — MYTH
Quite the opposite is the case. Heating meat always causes proteins to contract, which always squeezes out some juices. What that quick sear does is provoke the Maillard reaction. This is the same chemical change that happens when you toast bread or brown food in general. Amino acids and sugars react to form hundreds of flavor compounds, giving just about anything a real flavor boost.
I don't know about you, but this is making me really hungry. So as long as we're in the kitchen, let's get cooking. Bon appétit, be safe, and when you hear something about cooking that "everybody knows", it pays to be skeptical.
By Craig Good
Norman Gurley, 30, is facing drug-related charges in Lorain County, Ohio, despite the fact that state troopers did not actually find any drugs in his possession.
Ohio passed a law in 2012 making it a felony to alter a vehicle to add a secret compartment with the “intent” of using it to conceal drugs for trafficking.
Gurley is the first actual person arrested under the law. WKYC in Northeast Ohio covered the arrest, with no notable journalistic skepticism whatsoever:
They pulled over the driver for speeding, but then troopers noticed several wires running to the back of the car. Those wires then led them directly to a hidden compartment. Around 5 p.m. on Tuesday state troopers made the arrest under the law, which is meant to combat criminals who modify the inside of their car, allowing them to store drugs or weapons inside secret compartments, which can often only be accessed electronically.
They just noticed some wires, did they? Just while in the process of handing Gurley a speeding ticket, they noticed the wires?
They did not, however, find any drugs, which means they're arresting Gurley for the crime of an empty space:
Troopers arrested 30-year-old Norman Gurley, who didn't even have any drugs on him, but it didn't matter, because in Ohio, just driving a “trap” car is now a felony. “Without the hidden compartment law, we would not have had any charges on the suspect,” says Combs. But because of this law, one more “trap car” is now off Northeast Ohio roads. “We apparently caught them between runs, so to speak, so this takes away one tool they have in their illegal trade. The law does help us and is on our side,” says Combs.
Combs' claim is not challenged by the news station at all.
The law says it's only a crime if the hidden compartment is added with the “intent” to conceal drugs, but it also outlaws anybody who has been convicted of felony aggravated drug trafficking laws from operating any vehicle with hidden compartments. The ACLU of Ohio warned against the new legislation:
The ACLU of Ohio believes SB 305 is an unnecessary and unproductive expansion of law. Drug trafficking is already prohibited under Ohio law, so there is no use for shifting the focus to the container. Further by focusing on the container itself, this bill criminalizes a person with prior felony drug trafficking convictions simply for driving a car with a hidden compartment, regardless of whether or not drugs or even drug residue are present.
Given this is the first arrest, you have to wonder how the courts might view a law making it a felony to alter a person's own property for reasons that have nothing to do with actual public safety. Maybe we'll see.
As for the car itself, the Institute for Justice's 2010 “Policing for Profit” report calculated that law enforcement officials in the state have collected more than $80 million in shared proceeds from asset forfeiture funds. Oh, and the hidden compartment law exempts vehicles being operated by law enforcement officers, so if state troopers can come up with an excuse to use the ride they just grabbed, they may be able to keep it for themselves.
Share. Flying Link and huge bosses all play a part in the Zelda semi-sequel. Screens included. Flying Link and huge bosses all play a part in the Zelda semi-sequel. Screens included.
In the semi-sequel to The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, titled Zelda Gaiden, a lot of new additions have been implemented -- and a lot has changed. The game will be playable at Nintendo's Space World in little more than a week and, of course, we'll be there to cover it. But in the meantime, we've compiled a list of newly released facts about the game that are sure to spark your interest. Enjoy:
A Parallel World
In Zelda Gaiden, Link finds himself in a parallel world where characters that were introduced in the first game may be introduced slightly different. In other words, some of the characters in the game will offer players different quests and form decidedly opposite partnerships with our hero than they did in Ocarina of Time.
A New Story
The game is again set in Hyrule, a few months after the events in Ocarina of Time took place. Naturally, Link is his young elf self again and Ganon's threat has been completely defeated. One day, Link happens to bump into a strange fellow in the woods, Stalkid, who mocks Link and tells him that he has "foalnapped" Epona, Link's horse. Before Link even knows what's going on, Stalkid takes off and escapes through a mysterious door. Like in "Through the Looking Glass" (Alice in Wonderland), Link follows the odd guy and finds himself in an all new world, where an ominous moon threatens to crash to earth and destroy all life. Of course, it's Link to the rescue... With the help of his trusted friend Navi, he must overcome the dark threat and try to prevent the deadly catastrophe.
Masks
The use of masks has been greatly expanded over Ocarina of Time. Link will be able to use the power of certain masks to change his appearance and give him special abilities. For example, one mask turns him into a Zora, enabling him to swim underwater. Another mask will turn him into a Goron, allowing Link to curl up into a ball and roll around. Yet another mask will turn Link into one of those annoying Deku Nut guys and allow him to fly with the use of a flower in a hang glider-like fashion.
Weapons
Many of the classic Ocarina of Time weapons and items are back, including the hammer, the bow and arrow, hookshot, the boomerang, the ocarina, the bombs, and the dagger -- only that young Link can now use all of them. There may also be some new items in the game that Nintendo hasn't unveiled yet.
Real Real-time
The game will progress in real-time. There is a meter at the bottom/middle of the screen now that shows the position of the sun or moon at all times. It is believed that the time that passes during gameplay affects the outcome and story of the game much more than in Ocarina of Time. This feature is no doubt a remnant from the game's planned 64DD incarnation, where everything you do in the game causes lasting repercussions.
New Bosses
Gaiden features completely new, big bosses. While the specifics of all the bosses in the game are still being kept secret, we do know of at least three: a Gohma-like creature, an oversized frog and a giant warrior.
Expansion Pak
Since the game was originally designed to run on 64DD, a unit that required the 4MB RAM expansion, it's no surprise that Gaiden (now on cart) will support the RAM Pak. However, it is very likely that the RAM Expansion will actually be REQUIRED to play Zelda: Gaiden -- just like with Donkey Kong 64.
Gaiden is expected to ship in Japan March 2000.
Look for more news and images for Gaiden next week from Space World.
Images courtesy of Famitsu Magazine (Japan).
Imagine, for a moment, the darkened and newly liberated ocean surface waters of the Kara, Laptev, and East Siberian Seas of the early 21st Century Anthropocene Summer.
Where white, reflective ice existed before, now only dark blue heat-absorbing ocean water remains. During summer time, these newly ice-free waters absorb a far greater portion of the sun's energy as it contacts the ocean surface. This higher heat absorption rate is enough to push local sea surface temperature anomalies into the range of 4-7 C above average.
(Remnant extreme heat at Arctic Ocean surface on October 8, 2014. Extraordinary warmth in the range 0f 4-7 C above average is due to recent loss of summer sea ice in the Kara, Laptev, East Siberian and Beaufort Seas. Newly exposed dark surface waters absorb more of the sun's rays which results in a highly visible temperature anomaly. Image source: Climate Reanalyzer. Image archived by: Arctic News.)
Some of the excess heat penetrates deep into the water column — telegraphing abnormal warmth to as far as 50 meters below the surface. The extra heat is enough to contact near-shore and shallow water deposits of frozen methane on the sea-bed. These deposits — weakened during the long warmth of the Holocene — are now delivered a dose of heat they haven't experienced in hundreds of thousands or perhaps millions of years. Some of these deposits weaken, releasing a portion of their methane stores into the surrounding oceans which, in turn, disgorges a fraction of this load into the atmosphere.
The rate of release intensifies throughout summer. But during the Arctic Fall, it reaches a peak. Then, as sea ice begins to re-form over the surface waters, a kind of temperature inversion wedge develops. The surface cools and the ice solidifies — forming an insulating blanket, trapping heat. The insulating layer, in turn, pushes the anomalously hot mid level waters toward the bottom. This process delivers a final and powerful dose of heat to the Arctic Ocean bottom water and sea bed.
Methane release rates spike as the methane flooding up from the sea bed squeezes out through cracks in the newly forming ice or bubbles up through open waters just beyond the ice edge.
Observed Arctic Methane Over-Burden
During recent years, a troubling methane over-burden has been observed in the atmosphere above these regions during the months of September through November. Dr. Leonid Yurganov — a researcher at the University of Maryland — has been using the IASI sensor to record these events. Last year, he developed this map of September through November methane readings for the 2009-2012 period:
(Highest lower troposphere global atmospheric methane readings were found in the region of the East Siberian, Laptev and Kara seas during September through November of 2009 through 2012. Data provided by IASI. Image source: Dr. Leonid Yerganov via Arctic News.)
The readings above show near-surface averages over a three month period in the regions of the highest release. Note that highest methane levels occur over coastal Siberia and in the above ocean zones of near-Russia Arctic Ocean waters.
These measurements have been ramping higher in recent years with near-surface readings in the range of 1950 to 2000 ppb now common for the months of September through November in the areas affected (for comparison, global surface averages are now in the range of 1840 ppm).
By themselves, these measurements are evidence of a substantial Arctic methane release. But further up in the troposphere — at the mid cloud level — even higher levels of methane have been recorded.
For as methane releases from the sea and land surface, it becomes trapped in the mid-cloud layer. There, a sandwich of cloud and moisture form a cap beneath which methane tends to concentrate. In this layer, readings can be quite a bit higher than surface measurements. Recent years have shown numerous instances where methane readings in the mid-cloud layer spiked above 2300 parts per billion.
Last year during September, the now annual plume of methane emitting from the Arctic Ocean pushed readings as high as 2571 parts per billion at this level of the atmosphere. It was a reading more than 700 parts per billion above the global surface average. A spike fueled by the anomalously high rates of methane emission from the Arctic surface waters and Siberian tundra during the Fall of 2013.
This year, despite extraordinarily spotty coverage due to cloud interference, the METOP sensor found Arctic methane concentrations in the range of 2666 parts per billion in the mid cloud layer. The spike occurred just this past Sunday and exceeds the September 2013 spike by 95 parts per billion — a level more than 800 parts per billion above current global surface averages.
(Arctic methane spikes to 2666 parts per billion in the mid-cloud layer on Sunday October 26. Image source: OSPO/METOP.)
In combination, observations of a rapidly warming Arctic Ocean and observations of Arctic methane readings between 6 and 60 percent above the global average in near surface regions and in the mid cloud layer are a clear signal that human-caused Arctic warming is forcing an ever-greater methane release. To a greater and greater extent, large carbon stores are being weakened and tapped by the various mechanisms that are an up-shot of human warming. The location of these large-scale releases, as observed in the satellite record, is confirmation of ground and ocean based observations conducted by Arctic researchers such as Dr. Semiletov and Shakhova. And the releases themselves may well be some validation of our more dire concerns.
This new spike is yet more evidence of a sizeable, anthropogenic-spurred, release that is impacting not only regional methane levels, but global levels as well. Whether this newly observed release is part of a slow global response to the initial human heat forcing — one that will take centuries to fully emerge — or is part of a much more rapid and dangerous response to an also very rapid human heat forcing is now unclear.
What is clear is that feedbacks to the human heat forcing are now starting to become plainly visible. That they are providing evidence of a stronger release from some sources on a yearly basis. A troubling amplifying feedback to the already dangerous and extraordinary human emission. One that should serve both as a warning and as a spur to reduce and eliminate human greenhouse gas emissions from all sources and to switch energy systems away from fossil fuels as swiftly as possible.
Links:
OSPO/METOP
Climate Reanalyzer
NOAA's Office of Satellite Operations
Arctic News
Dr. Leonid Yurganov
Advertisements
