Felicity will not become Oracle on Arrow, executive producer Wendy Mericle confirmed today.
Mericle tells TV Line that, while the creatives behind the series did discuss the possibility, the idea of Felicity Smoak becoming Oracle is simply “off the table.”
“That's something we definitely talked about [doing] with Felicity in the beginning…. But yeah, it will not be Oracle, sadly,” Mericle. “People have to tune in to see what happens.”
Felicity was shot Arrow's midseason finale, and presumed dead, but an international promo for the show's return episode hinted that she may be alive, but would lose the use of her legs. Fans began theorizing that this would lead to Felicity taking over the persona of Oracle - the tech-savvy, wheelchair-using persona used by Barbara Gordon, a.k.a. Batgirl, in the DC Comics universe after she suffered a similar injury.
Buy Photo Mayor Jim Schmitt speaks during a Green Bay City Council meeting. (Photo: USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)Buy Photo
GREEN BAY - Mayor Jim Schmitt's political opponents are calling for him to resign in response to his agreement to plead guilty to misdemeanor violations of state campaign finance laws.
Prosecutors filed the charges in Brown County Circuit Court Wednesday after a 20-month investigation that found Schmitt took thousands of dollars in illegal donations and then filed amended campaign finance reports misrepresenting the source of some of those funds.
Aldermen who brought Schmitt's fundraising irregularities to the attention of prosecutors said they believe Schmitt's actions amounted to corruption.
“These are serious charges," Alderman Andy Nicholson said. "He's been taking illegal contributions for over a decade. He's been cheating the system. It's not fair to opponents that he has basically outspent two-to-one. I think he should resign with dignity."
Milwaukee County Assistant District Attorney Bruce Landgraf began reviewing Schmitt's campaign finances in January 2015, after Nicholson and Aldermen Guy Zima and Chris Wery accused Schmitt of accepting more than $10,000 in illegal donations. They included donations from individuals who exceeded the legal limit of $1,040 and those made by corporations, which are prohibited from giving to political campaigns.
PDF: Read the criminal complaint against Mayor Jim Schmitt
PDF: Mayor Schmitt's statement on campaign finance violations
RELATED: Schmitt's campaign report 45 days late
RELATED: Campaign probe expands to aldermen
Schmitt was charged Wednesday with making false statements on his finance reports, attempting to accept funds from someone other than the reported contributor, and attempting to accept funds in excess of the allowable individual contribution limit.
Each misdemeanor charge carries a maximum penalty of nine months in jail and a $10,000 fine.
Schmitt said the contributions were mistakes stemming from his failure to accurately record and verify donations as well as his failure to know and comply with contribution limits.
“I should have done much better and for that I offer my heartfelt apologies to you and to everyone in the City,” Schmitt wrote in a statement to the community.
In a statement, Landgraf said a plea agreement was reached before the charges were filed. He said court proceedings will be scheduled after the case is assigned to a Brown County Circuit Court judge.
Conditions of the plea negotiations are spelled out in a letter from the prosecutor to Schmitt's lawyer. In it, Landgraf makes it clear the charges themselves were negotiated.
“Each (charge) is pleaded as an attempt to commit a felony election law offense, making the offenses Class A misdemeanors,” Landgraf wrote. “Upon Mr. Schmitt's plea of guilty to the charges contained in the complaint, I will recommend a disposition that does not include jail or probation. I will be otherwise free to argue for dispositions as I see fit.”
Landgraf acknowledged many findings and allegations were not formally charged, and that the three filed charges “are representative of the types of violations discovered during the investigation.” Uncharged allegations will serve as “read-ins” — items the presiding judge can consider at sentencing.
Also as part of the agreement, Schmitt must dissolve his campaign committee and forfeit all campaign funds. The campaign account balance as of June 30, 2015, was $26,545.75.
Schmitt also agreed to terminate Friends of Jim Schmitt, his campaign committee, and must, by law, organize a new one, according to Landgraf.
According to the criminal complaint:
» Schmitt reported a $5,000 contribution from Robert E. Toonen of Green Bay in August 2003 as five separate contributions, from Toonen, his wife, two daughters and a son-in law.
» Schmitt changed his record for an October 2011 contribution from Toonen for $1,000 to say it came from David Toonen. Robert Toonen told investigators he was not aware of the change, and David Toonen said he was not contacted by Schmitt's campaign about it.
» Schmitt initially reported two $25 contributions to attend a fundraising event from Cantilever Studio LLC in December 2013, a corporate contribution that is prohibited by law. After questions were raised about his finance reports, the entries were changed to indicate the contributions, initially recorded as CS, were from his brother, Carl Schmitt, who said he did not make any contributions to the campaign.
» Schmitt received a $1,250 check in June 2014 from Philip Hendrickson of Green Bay, which would have put Hendrickson over the $1,040 limit for the reporting period. The donation was recorded as $250.
» When William Lewis of Green Bay wrote a check for $1,000 in June 2014 that exceeded the contribution limits. Schmitt's campaign recorded the check as a donation of Lewis' daughter, who told investigators she only knew about the contribution because an employee of her father's company had called to ask permission to use her name.
» Schmitt altered records by adding "Jr." to two contributors, David Charles and William Kress, to prevent them from exceeding the contribution limit.
The investigation focused on Schmitt and his campaign finance records filed in 2015, when Schmitt was re-elected to a fourth term in office. Prosecutors gave particular attention to several amended campaign finance reports that Schmitt filed in 2015.
None of the contributors has been charged with a crime.
Schmitt and his lawyer, Patrick J. Knight, released statements but declined further comment.
A sentencing date has not been set.
While pleased that charges were brought, the complaining aldermen expressed anger at the negotiated settlement.
“These are felonies that have been reduced to misdemeanors,” Zima said. “I think the mayor ought to resign, myself, and that we have a special election and have the city continue on under new administration.”
He objected in particular to a line in Landgraf's letter identifying the settlement as an act that forecloses prosecution of any other matters that could have been brought.
“I think the public has a right to know all the allegations that could have potentially been brought,” Zima said. “This has been boiled down to three. It cleans up a whole cesspool, and people should at least know what the cesspool is.”
psrubas@pressgazettemedia.com and follow him on Twitter @PGpaulsrubas
arodewal@pressgazettemedia.com and follow himon Twitter @AdamGRodewald
Read or Share this story: http://gbpg.net/2c7nbU1
12 Shares 0
12
0
0
While the word "drone" can bring to mind a dark picture of deadly, unmanned wartime aircraft causing collateral damage to human beings on the ground, an event held over the weekend in Salem, Oregon, reminded people that the term "drone" equally applies to one of the most advanced aerial photo platforms ever created. The Reed Opera House hosted the first ever drone photo exhibit, "Drone's Eye View" Saturday, and those who attended the event were treated to a stunning array of photos and video, as well as a chance to talk to the pilots and photographers who are taking advantage of this amazing new airborne technology. The helicopters use electric power to fly and satellite technology to stay aloft.
See the photo gallery here.
The poster for the drone photo exhibit explains that they are called Photo Drones, Quad Copters, Flying Cameras or UAV's (Unmanned aerial vehicle), adding, "Drones have been seen recently hovering over the Oregon State Capitol, Willamette University, the coast and light houses documenting a Guinness Book of World Records attempt."
In spite of how many headlines they make, it isn't every day that we get to see these new quiet battery powered aircraft up close. Those who attended the exhibit were able to both see the drones and talk to three enthusiasts who are taking these machines into the sky every chance they get. They stressed the importance of complying with emerging laws regarding drone aircraft and while they fly as often as possible, they also keep an eye on political developments. It's a sport that is somewhat pricey to enter, and requires a great deal of skill to keep several thousand dollars' worth of drone from slamming into the ground, and that does happen.
Ron Cooper spent his career as a news photojournalist with the Statesman Journal newspaper in Salem. Today he snaps and records mind boggling photos from the sky. He explains that doing this job requires multiple hands and minds. "Just because the technology is so new and you don't want to crash it, it helps to have a second operator. Occasionally, I am in a place where I fly near a crowd, and we never fly directly over people, but when I am near a crowd we use three people, so we have one on the ground observing the ground, one to fly the quad copter, and one to take photos."
Devin Fadenrecht is another career photojournalist who fell for the quad copter. He has plenty to think about while flying the remote control aircraft. "I'm making sure that we have good battery life, that we are in a safe area, no power lines, we're keeping it under four hundred feet which is our regulation and I'm looking for birds and different things, aircraft, I make sure it stays up."
The drone photo exhibit was the brainchild of Rebecca Courtney, Vice President of the historic, 1870 Reed Opera House in Salem. She says it is exciting to provide a place for the pilots and photographers to show off their work. She partnered with Patrick Ireland's technology company, Badgers and Jam. Ireland supplied a massive television capable of showing the dazzling drone video at 4K (Ultra HD), in addition to his fascinating 3d printer. "I don't fly one of these things," Ireland said, adding, "...but I could sure see doing it someday!" As a serious tech pro, Pat 'PK' Ireland raved about the ability of the radio controlled helicopter drones, "I just can't believe the quality of the video, and how still the frame is while these drones are hundreds of feet in the air." His massive TV displayed footage of a fireworks display from the 4th of July recorded by the exhibitors. The colors and picture quality were captivating, riveting and spectacular.
Technological Advances
For many years, land based pilots struggled to develop and fly R/C aircraft capable of supplying aerial photography. Flight times were limited until recent years, and like full size helicopters, it takes the right design to not bounce constantly, nearly preventing smooth photography. Those problems are now in the past though, as the quad copter design provides a smooth platform where a variety of different cameras can be utilized, Fadenrecht explained. "They have a lot more power, when I first started flying R/C planes and helicopters we could go up for eight minutes, maybe five, that was it. Now we have 15 minutes usually on the average, but I still have to watch that; I'm still monitoring the whole time. I'm monitoring all the functions while he is working on the flight."
I've spent my share of days in the back of a news helicopter as a TV news photographer and the expense that accompanies helicopter ownership are huge. I asked Devin Fadenrecht if he envisioned a day when the R/C units would be able to replace full size helicopters. He said, "It's possible, there are still weight issues and things that we can't do because we can't carry the gear. But its getting there. A helicopter can handle wind and can do things we can't."
He says that when it comes to R/C aircraft, there are restrictions, such as Oregon's penchant for rainy skies, "I can't go up when its wet, my batteries are just gone, we're going to have to build a special one for that." He says their whole idea now is to let people know the good things that can be done. "If you're safe and careful it can be a lot of fun."
Rebecca Courtney says the first ever Drone photo exhibit, "Drone's Eye View" - is part of the continuing events at the Reed Opera House that show and host tremendous talent and technology, "It is very consistent with our Backstage Bohemian Bash theme that draws many people who are fascinated by art and technical developments."
Along with another pilot named John Svendsen, Devin Fadenrecht and Ron Cooper are defining the possibilities of aerial photography, plus, it's always a hit with crowds, "Almost all of them are amazed and glad to see it," Fadenrecht said in regard to spectators who come to watch these high tech pilots fly and shoot images, "They look over our shoulder and we let them watch the video and see it live We probably have a bunch of wives that are upset with us because their husband sees one and says, 'I want to have one of those now,' and wants to go shopping and you know, it's a guy thing, electronics and all of that. But it's different, you get to see Salem and other places like nobody else does."
"...and it's addicting," Ron Cooper added, "we're suffering withdrawals right now because it's such beautiful flying weather!"
Jack Redden has piled on the pressure for round one selection
WEST Coast coach Adam Simpson is facing line-ball round one selection calls after Jack Redden and Tom Barrass were among East Perth's standout performers in a season-opening WAFL loss to Fremantle-aligned Peel Thunder.
Meanwhile, Hayden Crozier and Tommy Sheridan staked their claim to take Dockers small forward Hayden Ballantyne's spot with strong contributions in the Thunder's 17-point victory on Saturday night.
In the last chance to impress before the Eagles' clash with North Melbourne, Redden backed up his 39-disposal effort in last weekend's practice match with another prolific midfield display.
The former Brisbane Lion hard nut racked up 26 touches and laid 11 tackles to keep the pressure on for spots in West Coast's engine room.
Third-year onballer Liam Duggan (24 possessions) also worked into the game after a quiet start.
Barrass (22 disposals, 10 marks) was one of East Perth's few four-quarter performers in a scrappy contest at Medibank Stadium.
The 21-year-old key defender's intercept marking was a feature throughout the opening three quarters, before he was swung forward and booted two goals in the final term to save some face for the Royals.
Barrass and running defender Will Schofield, who was rock-solid with 21 disposals and nine marks, are both vying for backline positions against the Roos.
Former club champion Eric Mackenzie was preferred to partner Jeremy McGovern in West Coast's final JLT Community Series hit-out, but Simpson is yet to settle on up to six spots in his line-up.
Evergreen defender Sam Butler did his round one hopes no harm, picking up 28 touches and providing drive from defence coming back from a minor calf complaint.
Dashing half-back Francis Watson (27 disposals, 10 tackles) continued to prove he has a future with another eye-catching effort, while Kurt Mutimer and Luke Partington (26 disposals each) showed plenty of promise.
Importantly, ruckman Jonathan Giles (11 disposals, 22 hit-outs) got through unscathed after Scott Lycett, who was among the onlookers, badly dislocated his shoulder last week.
Giles is in the mix for round one and squared a tough battle with Sean Darcy (13 disposals, 22 hit-outs), who again showcased his competitive side against a more experienced opponent.
The Dockers draftee seems unlikely to face Geelong in round one at Domain Stadium given Jonathon Griffin's impressive pre-season, but is a strong chance to debut in 2017.
Freo appears to have a relatively settled line-up for the Cats clash next Sunday, although Ballantyne's hamstring injury has created an opening.
Playing across half-back and a wing, Sheridan collected 24 touches for Peel and took the game on at every opportunity to stick his hand up.
Crozier booted the Thunder's opening goal from a clever snap and had 26 disposals to push his case.
Harley Balic (30) and half-back Ethan Hughes (23) were also key Fremantle-listed contributors in Peel's 7.11 (53) to 4.12 (36) triumph.
Top 10 draftee Griffin Logue (17) settled as the game wore on and his rebound was important as the Thunder ran away with the contest thanks to a five-goal third term.
Leaked emails from the "Sony Hack" have found their way online which reveal that Marvel approached Sony about taking over the Spider-Man franchise and including him in Civil War . Is it going to happen? Hit the jump for details on that, an animated movie, and much more...
According to "Sony Pictures president Doug Belgrad tells Ms. Pascal about a potential scenario that would see Marvel produce a new trilogy of Spider-Man movies while Sony retains 'creative control, marketing and distribution.'" In another, Pascal tells a business partner that Marvel want to include Spider-Man in Captain America: Civil War, a series The "Sony Hack" has seen a number of emails and confidential Sony Pictures documents leaked online by what are believed to be North Korean hackers retaliating against the upcoming release of The Interview starring Seth Rogen and James Franco. Details about why the Steve Jobs biopic moved to Universal have been making headlines, while it's believed that major Spectre (a.k.a. James Bond 24) spoilers are now also online. Now, it's Spidey's turn, and there's a lot to digest here.According to The Wall Street Journal , emails to and from Sony's motion picture chief Amy Pascal have been released which reveal discussions between her, various Sony executives, and Marvel/Walt Disney owner Robert Iger among others. In one dated October 30th,In another, Pascal tells a business partner that Marvel want to include Spider-Man in Captain America: Civil War, a series
which sa
w the character reveal his identity to the
world.
Sadly, these talks apparently broke down, and a "Spidey Summit" is planned for January which will see Sony decide where to take the franchise next. According to the site, "Among projects in development are an animated Spider-Man comedy that would be produced by Chris Miller and Phil Lord, the team behind “22 Jump Street” and “The Lego Movie,” as well as previously disclosed Spider-Man spin-offs focused on villain team Sinister Six, super-foe Venom, and women from the webslinger's life." So, Spider-Man could have become part of the MCU...thoughts?
More than 300 doctors and other medical professionals have signed an open letter demanding the state government develop a plan to retire the Latrobe Valley's brown coal power plants because of the health damage they cause in the local community.
The letter, organised by the group Doctors for the Environment Australia, argues a transition away from brown coal-fired power – responsible for 85 per cent of Victoria's electricity generation – is necessary because its pollution is responsible for local disease, and even death, and poses a broader health threat through a contribution to climate change.
A giant dredging machine at work in the brown coal mine at Loy Yang in the Latrobe Valley. Credit:John Woudstra
The letter is an attempt to heap pressure on the Andrews government to include measures to start retiring the valley's four brown coal plants as part of its promised state renewable energy plan, which is expected to be released in coming weeks.
Dr John Iser, the Victorian chair of Doctors for the Environment and a retired gastroenterologist, said the state government had carried out "commendable" work to inform its clean-energy strategy, but it was still "paper planning" and the doctors group was "getting fed up with the lack of action".
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Seafood should be given special free trade status after Brexit to ensure Grimsby's industry is not damaged, MPs have been told.
Key figures from the wider Lincolnshire food industry were in Westminster last week to provide the Government with their vision for meeting the challenges presented by the UK leaving the European Union.
Grimsby's seafood processing industry faces a number of Brexit-related issues – from a potential 20 per cent labour shortfall to delays in fresh fish reaching the town's factories, as well as import fees.
The industry and its big name producers, such as Young's and Icelandic Seachill, imports 90 per cent of the fish it processes for retailers, restaurants and fish and chip shops.
Simon Dwyer, a spokesman for cluster group Seafood Grimsby & Humber, called on the Government to look at bestowing free trade status on the ports of Immingham and Grimsby in relation to seafood.
(Image: DFDS)
It would mean, even though Britain will be outside the EU and the customs union after Brexit, the much-feared customs checks and import tariffs would not exist for seafood coming in or out of the ports.
“It would mean those ports having the privilege of not putting import taxes or duties on seafood,” said Mr Dwyer, who gave a presentation to MPs in Parliament .
The logistics consultant said the industry was also looking at investing in aquaculture to help get around possible future import costs.
Mr Dwyer said: “If we have the processing industry in Grimsby, why don't we have some aquaculture close-by to complement that?”
A number of Lincolnshire MPs attended the reception and dinner in Parliament, including Cleethorpes MP, Martin Vickers , and Louth MP, Victoria Atkins.
Mr Vickers said the possibility of free trade status for northern Lincolnshire's ports was a sign of post-Brexit optimism.
“We couldn't do that if we wanted to at the moment,” said the Eurosceptic Tory.
“But once we get control of our own economy again, that is one of the things that could be looked at and which could be very beneficial.
“That emphasises the freedoms and opportunities that could be opening up after Brexit.”
Minister George Eustice, responsible for fisheries, had been due to attend the reception – organised by the Greater Lincolnshire Local Enterprise Partnership – but was not present during the speeches.
John Hayes, a junior transport minister and south Lincolnshire MP, was the only minister representing the Government.
(Image: Jon Corken)
Representatives from Grimsby's seafood processing industry are due to meet with Mr Eustice on November 22, in a meeting arranged by Mr Vickers.
Mr Dwyer, who will be back in London for that, said the industry's three main Brexit concerns – customs checks, tariffs on seafood and access to migrant workers – still remained.
“All of this is about making sure we remain competitive,” he said. “We have rival processing centres in Bremerhaven (Germany) and Boulogne-sur-Mer (France) where they will be looking to capitalise after Brexit.
“Any agreements about customs has to be done on both sides. If seafood is stuck in Calais for two days on its way to us, then that is no good either.”
Seafood Grimsby & Humber represents 150 businesses which, between them, employ 5,000 people and sells more than £1.5 billion of seafood across the UK.
A feasibility report on ultra high-speed surface transportation in the Cascadia region was released two weeks ago. The $300,000 study was commissioned by the Washington State Legislature earlier this year. A delegation from the Governor's Office, Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT), and CH2M (the consultant) presented key findings and rationale for developing an ultra high-speed transportation network stretching from Vancouver, British Columbia to Portland, Oregon.
Often referred to as the the “Cascadia Corridor,” the two states and province have an active passenger rail system operated by Amtrak at conventional speeds on more than 400 miles of track. Trains are limited by at-grade crossings, tight curves, and lack of catenary power systems in addition to modern high-speed rail trainsets. The report, however, suggests that the corridor is well positioned to facilitate a successful high-speed rail network.
“This is about investing in ourselves and in the broader Cascadia region and in these tough times we need more openness, more connectivity, more trade, not less,” said Charles Knutson, Executive Policy Advisor to Governor Jay Inslee. “This could be a really powerful symbol of not just a working relationship, but friendships and family relationships that we have throughout the Cascadia region.”
Nuts and Bolts of the Study
Three technologies were evaluated as part of the feasibility study. Two of these technologies are already operational globally and in public use, such as traditional TGV- and Shinkansen-style high-speed rail as well as small meglev systems in Shanghai and Nagoya. A third alternative technology, a literal and figurative pipe dream, known as “hyperloop,” was also tacitly studied. That technology is promoted by anti-transit electric automobile booster Elon Musk.
During the presentation, Scott Richman from CH2M described the different features of three evaluated technologies:
High-speed rail as using conventional rail strategically laid for high-speed and aerodynamicaly designed trains powered by electrical transmission systems;
Maglev as a floating system using a magnetic and guidance system powered by electromagnetic fields to levitate trains; and
Hyperloop as a vacuum tube-style version of maglev.
In terms of anlazying feasibility of corridors, passengers, funding and costs, and technologies, CH2M used a traditional model developed by the Federal Railroad Administration (referred to as “CONNECT“) and a variety of time periods to develop estimates. 2015 forms the baseline for analysis with 2035 as the initial forecast year and a 20-year time horizon from that to 2055. Other screening criteria were also used in developing the study results, such as:
A minimum average operational speed of 250mph;
Fully grade-separated alignments;
Population near possible station locations;
Overall connectivity with existing multimodal options; and
Standard turning radii of at least 45,000 feet.
Study Finds High-Speed Rail Feasible
The feasibility study evaluated five corridors between Vancouver, British Columbia and Portland, Oregon. This was whittled down to three primary corridor options (noted in green in the table below). The study suggests that 12 daily roundtrips would be the ideal level of service at launch. Higher numbers of roundtrips beyond 12 would begin to see diminishing returns, at least at first.
A notable difference between Corridor 1 and Corridor 1A is the terminus in Vancouver, British Columbia. Corridor 1 would terminate trains at the existing central railway terminal east of Downtown Vancouver. Corridor 1A, however, would terminate trains near Vancouver International Airport. Separately, CH2M evaluated options to connect to Spokane via Stampede Pass using mostly existing traditional rail lines but at modestly high speeds (around 90mph) as well as linking with California High Speed Rail in Sacramento.
The best corridor for ridership according to the feasibility study is Corridor 1A, which could garner between 2.0 and 2.1 million passengers in 2035, depending upon whether conventional high-speed rail or maglev technology is used (maglev performed slightly better due to speed). Corridor 4 performed the worst for ridership in the study, but would also be the cheapest option from a construction standpoint.
CH2M assumes that somewhere between 13% and 17% of travelers along the high-speed rail corridor would opt for taking a bullet train in 2035. Looking at a longer time horizon out to 2055, bullet trains could generate ridership somewhere between 2.8 to 3.2 million passengers annually.
Capital costs to deliver high-speed rail would not come cheap. Richman bluntly stated to the transportation committee that costs were “astronomical.” But it takes a fairly narrow lens to arrive at that conclusion (e.g., neglecting to account for costs in providing equivalent highway capacity increases and costs to the public and business by congestion delays).
The feasibility study suggests that capital costs could top $42 billion if flashy technology and extensive tunneling is used. On the lower end, capital costs could come in at around $24 billion. CH2M also indicated that capital costs could fall a further 25% or more once a more detailed review of options is completed. The cost estimates, however, come with a variety of important caveats:
Coventional high-speed rail has a wide spread of potential capital costs since it presents a more flexible means of constructing alignments. Tunnel heavy options will obviously result in much higher cost estimates, but general property acquisition and bridging can also balloon prices. Maglev has higher capital outlays since the overall route would need to be fairly straight. That means an alignment may require incredible amounts of tunnel and right-of-way acquisitions to maintain very high speeds. Obvious challenges include urban areas where land comes at a premium, but even mountains and tight river valleys in Northwest and Southwest Washington present clear impediments. Hyperloop costs are entirely unknown since the technology is purported to be under development. What is known is that the technology would move an order of magnitude fewer people per direction per hour, has more technical constraints than either of the two primary methods used today, and would easily exceed any of the costs of real-world operational options rendering it moot for further analysis–and that's all assuming it could ever move faster than the alternatives which it currently does not.
While ongoing operational funding for ultra high-speed ground transportation would largely come from fares, public subsidies may be required, particularly in early years. Eventually, the corridor could become financially profitable. Upfront costs could be paid for through a mix of state and federal grants, loans, and bonds. Third parties may be also be interested in using a public-private partnership model to finance construction and operate the corridor. Other funding sources could include private financing from foreign infrastructure banks or Private Activity Bonds, which were used by Brightline in Florida. The Canadian and British Columbian governments may also utilize similar tools.
An interesting finding in the feasibility study was that maglev would be projected to become profitable sooner than conventional high-speed rail. CH2M suggests that a maglev corridor could fully fund operational costs by 2035 while conventional high-speed rail would achieve full operational cost recovery by 2055. In a way, that makes some sense since costs for overall maintenance and operations would be lower and ridership would be slightly higher with maglev.
However, it's not clear how costs for conventional high-speed rail might be reduced if tracks were shared with commuter and subregional intercity routes. The analysis does not get that deep, only going as far to consider multimodal connections at stations–like a new east-west rail line to Spokane terminating at King Street Station in Seattle. The study explicitly states the the CONNECT model's limitations make it difficult to assess the impact of trips shorter than 50 miles. A more detailed study might be able to pick that and give greater credence and value to conventional high-speed rail.
Next Steps
The report is just the first step in building the business case for more detailed planning and formal high-speed rail program. Next month, the Governor's Office will release an economic analysis of building out a modern high-speed rail network. Microsoft and trade organizations helped fund that study, chipping in $60,000 to better understand the kind of economic impact that high-speed rail might provide and the cost of doing nothing. Governor Jay Inslee is also requesting that a wider business case be funded by the legislature. His supplemental budget requests that the legislature allocate $3.6 million for a much deeper analysis. Rail advocates would be wise to pressure legislators to act by fully funding the study.
Title image courtsey of Cramos via Wikipedia.
Presentation and Full Study
We hope you loved this article. If so, please consider supporting our work. The Urbanist is a non-profit that depends on donations from readers like you.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leeds fan Martin Bland has changed his name by deed poll to 'We Beat The Scum One Nil' to stand in the General Election.
By doing so, the 50-year-old plumber from Huddersfield has followed Brian Clough, Vic Halom, Ted Dexter and Charlton Athletic fans in a fine tradition of mixing sport and politics in British life down the years.
Bland, who had to change his name after discovering it was too late to establish a new party, wanted to continue the celebration of Leeds' January FA Cup win at Old Trafford. So he is standing in Leeds Central against sitting MP Hilary Benn.
"I don't live in the constituency so there's a chance I'll get none as I can't even vote for myself," admitted the father-of-two.
"There are a lot of disillusioned voters out there. But my first target is for Leeds to get more points than Millwall, Swindon and Charlton."
This week's episode of The Sporkful podcast is up! Listen through the player and subscribe in iTunes.
This week on The Sporkful, we're going on a soda pop odyssey.
Our journey starts in Utah with Sporkful listener Ben Abbott, who has a serious beverage problem. Ben loves good food and longs to pair his meals with equally good drinks -- but he's a Mormon so he doesn't drink alcohol. He came to me for help:
"I am wondering if you have any advice as far as good tasty adult drinks that aren't alcoholic but can really pair well with different foods?" Ben asks.
Around the time Ben came to me, I was at Galco's Soda Pop Stop, a legendary store in Los Angeles.
Owner John Nese stocks 750 varieties of soda -- all made by small, independent bottlers. John introduced me to a few of his favorite sodas -- flavored with everything from Greek ouzo to mint julep and even rose petals.
"When you're getting someone who's using really good ingredients, you will know," John says. "You will taste the flavor. It will go pop."
Check out some of the awesome old school soda labels in John's store...
Flavor is important, but when John introduces me to an almond cream soda carbonated with dry ice, there's no going back. The bubbles are incredibly fine -- far less abrasive than carbonation in many mass-produced sodas. Just look at how delicate they are:
"Most people today don't even know...that sodas are still made [with dry ice]," John says. "Today most sodas are very high-carbonated because it saves syrup and plastic and aluminum cans leak [gas]."
It's a brave old world of soda pop, and I'm so overcome with the wonder of butterscotch root beer and dry ice carbonation that I almost lose track of Ben's mission. But not for long.
In the end we get John and Ben on the phone together, and John helps Ben pair his three favorite dishes with some exceptional soft drinks -- like this sangria soda and a rare extra-dry non-alcoholic champagne soda.
Listen in to hear all of John's soda-food pairings and Ben's reaction.
Plus, you may have noticed that I call these carbonated beverages "soda." I'm from New Jersey -- but if you live in the Midwest or the South, you may call them pop, coke, or even belly wash. (Wait, belly what?!)
Why do Americans have so many names for the same drink? Back in New York we asked Columbia University linguistics professor John McWhorter to school us in soda pop nomenclature.
This map, created by statistician Josh Katz, shows the geographical boundaries of these terms.
Belly wash, tonic, and other less common names didn't make it on to Josh's map. But Professor McWhorter filled me in on how they came to be, as English evolved over the centuries since the invention of soda pop.
"There was a certain notion that this stuff wasn't very good for you, so it will wash out your belly and maybe have some sort of effect on the other end," he says. "After awhile, people are calling it belly wash casually."
Photos: Dan Pashman / The Sporkful
Figure: Josh Katz / "Beyond Soda, Pop, or Coke" Project
Originally published in Creation 21, no 2 (March 1999): 36-40.
Fascinating recent discoveries reveal something unusual happened to the ancient city of Jericho.
Heavily fortified, with a virtually impregnable double wall, what caused her sudden destruction? And find out why it is significant that even her inhabitants” foodstores could still be seen in our time, where they were left …
The name “Jericho” brings to mind Israelites marching, trumpets sounding and walls falling down. It is a wonderful story of faith and victory, but did it really happen? The skeptic would say no, it is merely a folk tale to explain the ruins at Jericho. The main reason for this negative outlook is the excavations at the site carried out in the 1950s under the direction of British archaeologist Kathleen Kenyon. She concluded,
“It is a sad fact that of the town walls of the Late Bronze Age, within which period the attack by the Israelites must fall by any dating, not a trace remains …. The excavation of Jericho, therefore, has thrown no light on the walls of Jericho of which the destruction is so vividly described in the Book of Joshua.”1
Thomas A. Holland, who was editor and co-author of Kenyon's excavation reports, summarized the apparent results as follows:
“Kenyon concluded, with reference to the military conquest theory and the LB [Late Bronze Age] walls, that there was no archaeological data to support the thesis that the town had been surrounded by a wall at the end of LB I [ca. 1400 B.C.].”2
However, a careful examination of the archaeological evidence collected throughout this century leads to quite another conclusion.
Fortifications of Jericho
Before the Israelites entered the promised land, Moses told them that they were now about to cross the Jordan river, to dispossess nations which were greater and stronger than themselves, with large cities having walls that reached, as it were, to the sky ( Deuteronomy 9:1 ). The meticulous work of Kenyon showed that Jericho was indeed heavily fortified and that it had been burned by fire. Unfortunately, she misdated her finds, resulting in what seemed to be a discrepancy between the discoveries of archaeology and the Bible. She concluded that the Bronze Age city of Jericho was destroyed about 1550 B.C. by the Egyptians. An in-depth analysis of the evidence, however, reveals that the destruction took place around 1400 B.C. (end of the Late Bronze I period), exactly when the Bible says the conquest occurred.3
The mound, or “tell” of Jericho was surrounded by a great earthen rampart, or embankment, with a stone retaining wall at its base. The retaining wall was some four to five meters (12–15 feet) high. On top of that was a mudbrick wall two meters (six feet) thick and about six to eight meters (20–26 feet) high.4 At the crest of the embankment was a similar mudbrick wall whose base was roughly 14 meters (46 feet) above the ground level outside the retaining wall (see diagram). This is what loomed high above the Israelites as they marched around the city each day for seven days. Humanly speaking, it was impossible for the Israelites to penetrate the impregnable bastion of Jericho.
Within the upper wall was an area of approximately six acres, while the total area of the upper city and fortification system was 50% larger, or about nine acres. Based on the archaeologist's rule of thumb of 200 persons per acre, the population of the upper city would have been about 1,200. However, from excavations carried out by a German team in the first decade of this century, we know that people were also living on the embankment between the upper and lower city walls. In addition, those Canaanites living in surrounding villages would have fled to Jericho for safety. Thus, we can assume that there were several thousand people inside the walls when the Israelites came against the city.
The fallen walls
The citizens of Jericho were well prepared for a siege. A copious spring which provided water for ancient, as well as modern, Jericho lay inside the city walls. At the time of the attack, the harvest had just been taken in ( Joshua 3:15 ), so the citizens had an abundant supply of food. This has been borne out by many large jars full of grain found in the Canaanite homes by John Garstang in his excavation in the 1930s and also by Kenyon. With a plentiful food supply and ample water, the inhabitants of Jericho could have held out for perhaps several years.
After the seventh trip around the city on the seventh day, Scripture tells us that the wall “fell down flat” ( Joshua 6:20 ). The Hebrew here carries the suggestion that it “fell beneath itself.”5 Is there evidence for such an event at Jericho? It turns out that there is ample evidence that the mudbrick city wall collapsed and was deposited at the base of the stone retaining wall at the time the city met its end.
Kenyon's work was the most detailed. On the west side of the tell, at the base of the retaining, or revetment, wall, she found,
“fallen red bricks piling nearly to the top of the revetment. These probably came from the wall on the summit of the bank [and/or] … the brickwork above the revetment.”6
In other words, she found a heap of bricks from the fallen city walls! An Italian team excavating at the southern end of the mound in 1997 found exactly the same thing.
According to the Bible, Rahab's house was incorporated into the fortification system ( Joshua 2:15 ). If the walls fell, how was her house spared? As you recall, the spies had instructed Rahab to bring her family into her house and they would be rescued. When the Israelites stormed the city, Rahab and her family were saved as promised ( Joshua 2:12–21, 6:17, 22–23 ). At the north end of the tell of Jericho, archaeologists made some astounding discoveries that seem to relate to Rahab.
The German excavation of 1907–1909 found that on the north a short stretch of the lower city wall did not fall as everywhere else. A portion of that mudbrick wall was still standing to a height of over two meters (eight feet).7 What is more, there were houses built against the wall! It is quite possible that this is where Rahab's house was.8 Since the city wall formed the back wall of the houses, the spies could have readily escaped. From this location on the north side of the city it was only a short distance to the hills of the Judean wilderness where the spies hid for three days ( Joshua 2:16, 22 ). Real estate values must have been low here, since the houses were positioned on the embankment between the upper and lower city walls. Not the best place to live in time of war! This area was no doubt the overflow from the upper city and the poor part of town, perhaps even a slum district.
After the city walls fell, how did the Israelites surmount the four to five meter (12–15 foot) high retaining wall at the base of the tell? Excavations have shown that the bricks from the collapsed walls formed a ramp against the retaining wall so that the Israelites could merely climb up over the top. The Bible is very precise in its description of how the Israelites entered the city: “the people went up into the city, every man straight before him [i.e., straight up and over],” ( Joshua 6:20 ). The Israelites had to go up, and that is what archaeology has revealed. They had to go from ground level at the base of the tell to the top of the rampart in order to enter the city.
Destruction by fire
The Israelites burned the city and everything in it ( Joshua 6:24 ). Once again, the discoveries of archaeology have verified the truth of this record. A portion of the city destroyed by the Israelites was excavated on the east side of the tell. Wherever the archaeologists reached this level they found a layer of burned ash and debris about one meter (three feet) thick. Kenyon described the massive devastation as follows.
“The destruction was complete. Walls and floors were blackened or reddened by fire, and every room was filled with fallen bricks, timbers, and household utensils; in most rooms the fallen debris was heavily burnt, but the collapse of the walls of the eastern rooms seems to have taken place before they were affected by the fire.”9
Both Garstang and Kenyon found many storage jars full of grain that had been caught in the fiery destruction. This is a unique find in the annals of archaeology. Grain was valuable, not only as a source of food, but also as a commodity which could be bartered. Under normal circumstances, valuables such as grain would have been plundered by the conquerors. Why was the grain left at Jericho? The Bible provides the answer. Joshua commanded the Israelites that the city and all that is in it were to be dedicated to the Lord ( Joshua 6:17 , lit. Heb.).
The grain left at Jericho and found by archaeologists in modern times gives graphic testimony to the obedience of the Israelites nearly three-and-a-half millennia ago. Only Achan disobeyed, leading to the debacle at Ai described in Joshua 7 .
Such a large quantity of grain left untouched gives silent testimony to the truth of yet another aspect of the biblical account. A heavily fortified city with an abundant supply of food and water would normally take many months, even years, to subdue. The Bible says that Jericho fell after only seven days. The jars found in the ruins of Jericho were full, showing that the siege was short since the people inside the walls consumed very little of the grain.
Lessons of Jericho
Jericho was once thought to be a “Bible problem” because of the seeming disagreement between archaeology and the Bible. When the archaeology is correctly interpreted, however, just the opposite is the case. The archaeological evidence supports the historical accuracy of the biblical account in every detail. Every aspect of the story that could possibly be verified by the findings of archaeology is, in fact, verified.
There are many ideas as to how the walls of Jericho came down. Both Garstang and Kenyon found evidence of earthquake activity at the time the city met its end. If God did use an earthquake to accomplish His purposes that day, it was still a miracle since it happened at precisely the right moment, and was manifested in such a way as to protect Rahab's house. No matter what agency God used, it was ultimately He who, through the faith of the Israelites, brought the walls down. After the people had marched around them for seven days, it was “by faith the walls of Jericho fell down” ( Hebrews 11:30 ).
As well as showing us how vital it is not to discount the Bible because of some apparent conflict with secular scholarship, Jericho is a wonderful spiritual lesson for God's people yet today. There are times when we find ourselves facing enormous “walls” that are impossible to break down by human strength. If we put our faith in God and follow His commandments, He will perform “great and mighty things” ( Jeremiah 33:3 ) and give us the victory.
For more information on archaeology and the Bible, or to go on a dig in Israel with Dr Wood, contact the Associates for Biblical Research, PO Box 356, Landisville, PA 17538 (or call 800.430.0008). Visit the ABR Web site.
The new Star Trek series will debut in January, 2017 on CBS All Access and stream as a weekly series. CBS President Les Moonves made the revelations on Tuesday during a conference call with reporters. The new information comes just a day after CBS TV Studios confirmed that the upcoming Trek series will begin filming this fall in Toronto, Canada.
The new Star Trek series, from CBS Television Studios, has Bryan Fuller on board as producer/show runner, Nicholas Meyer as consulting producer, and Eugene Roddenberry and Trevor Roth as co-executive producers. In the U.S., a special premiere episode will air on the CBS Television Network and all subsequent first-run episodes will be available exclusively on CBS All Access . The series will also be available on television stations and platforms in other countries around the world.
Share. Open to Western dev taking on the franchise, providing they get the "cultural nuances". Open to Western dev taking on the franchise, providing they get the "cultural nuances".
Hideo Kojima has suggested that there could be more spin-offs in the Metal Gear franchise, after the successful collaboration with Platinum Games on Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance.
Speaking to IGN, series creator Hideo Kojima said, “Intially we thought this spin-off with Metal Gear Rising was kind of an exception; it was a new thing for us – but that said, it went remarkably well, and working with Platinum Games we were able to achieve a sort of synergy where the final product was greater than the sum of its parts.”
Exit Theatre Mode
When asked if he was open to the idea of entrusting the Metal Gear franchise to a Western developer – in a similar manner to Capcom giving DmC to Ninja Theory – Kojima remained opened minded.
“You know honestly it's not a matter of choosing a developer in Japan or in the West. It's not even an East versus West kind of thing. It's just finding somebody who can really understand the world and setting of Metal Gear […] You need to choose somebody who would understand the subtle nuances of the cultural aspects of the franchise. If we could find somebody who could understand that, who could handle it well, then that's definitely a possibility.”
Exit Theatre Mode
But that seems to apply only to spin-off titles and secondary characters in the franchise, where there's room for a slightly different tone and style of gameplay. With regards to core titles in the series, Kojima was more protective. “Numbered titles in the series will always be created by myself or at least created at Kojima Productions,” said Kojima.
IGN's full interview with Hideo Kojima will run this Friday. Come back then to hear his thoughts on PS4 and what he might do in his year off.
Daniel is IGN's UK Staff Writer. You can be part of the world's worst cult by following him on IGN and Twitter.
There was an interesting, I think, study published this week in which the association between sleep habits and certain metabolic processes were assessed in diabetics and non-diabetics [1]. The study assessed sleep habits by self reports and something known as ‘actigraphy' (the measuring of sleep through a device worn on the wrist). Health markers assessed included blood sugar levels, insulin levels and extent of ‘insulin resistance'.
Insulin resistance, describes a state where some of the body's tissues are not responding to insulin, which causes, among other things, generally elevated levels of sugar in the bloodstream. Insulin levels will tend to be high too. Higher levels of insulin may predispose to fat gain. However, if sugar is not making its way efficiently into, say, the muscles and brain, we can end up tired and hungry. In general terms, insulin resistance is not a good thing, and neither is generally elevated levels of sugar and insulin.
In the study in question, in non-diabetics, there was no association found between sleep habits and levels of sugar and insulin and insulin sensitivity.
The situation, however, was very different in diabetics.
Poor sleep in this group was associated with raised levels of blood sugar and insulin. Insulin resistance was significantly greater too. In short, in diabetics, poor sleep habits were associated with worsened blood sugar control and, in all likelihood, enhanced risk of diabetic complications and disease in time.
Now, so-called epidemiological studies of this nature can only tell us that poor sleep and worse health markers are associated. It does not prove that sleeping poorly causes these issues. However, there is other evidence in the scientific literature that supports the idea that sleep problems can actually lead directly to the sort of issues we're talking about here.
In one study, nine health adults were tested to see what effect sleep deprivation has on insulin resistance [2].
On one night, individuals were allowed to sleep for up to 8.5 hours (23.00 – 7.30 hrs). On another night, sleep was only permitted for four hours (01.00 – 05.00 hrs). The actual average sleep times were 7 hours 34 minutes and 3 hours 46 minutes respectively.
The results show that in the sleep-deprived state there was evidence of insulin resistance. ‘Endogenous' sugar production (internal production of sugar, say, from the liver) was higher, and clearance of glucose (say, into muscle cells) was lower in the sleep-deprived state.
Now, less than four hours sleep is not much sleep. But then again, increased insulin resistance was seen in individuals after just one night of sleep deprivation. It's possible that less extreme sleep deprivation over long periods of time also poses hazards for the body. In fact, lower sleep durations has previously been linked with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes.
I don't know how well any underlying mechanisms here are understood. However, it is known that sleep deprivation can cause increases in the ‘stress' hormone cortisol. And cortisol is known to have the capacity to induce insulin resistance.
References:
1. Knutson KL, Cross-Sectional Associations Between Measures of Sleep and Markers of Glucose Metabolism Among Subjects With and Without Diabetes: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Sleep Study. Diabetes Care. 2011;34(5):1171-6.
2. Donga E, et al. A single night of partial sleep deprivation induces insulin resistance in multiple metabolic pathways in healthy subjects. J Clin Endocrinol Metab. 2010;95(6):2963-8
Although there are four separate official languages - Bosnian, Croatian, Montenegrin and Serbian - speakers of each language understand each other perfectly, despite linguistic variations.
“We, the signatories of this declaration, believe that the existence of a common polycentric language does not call into question the individual right to express one's belonging to different nations, regions or countries,” the declaration says.
They argue that people in the four ex-Yugoslav republics actually speak a polycentric language - a language which has several different standardised versions in different countries.
A group of NGOs and linguists from Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Montenegro and Serbia are to present their Declaration on the Common Language in Sarajevo on Thursday, in an attempt to counter nationalist divisions in the former Yugoslavia.
Some linguists claim that even bigger differences exist between the different variants of German – in Germany, Austria and Switzerland – and that the four ex-Yugoslav countries' tongues are dialects and not separate languages at all.
“Nationalism is increasing by introducing a purist approach towards language in schools and in media, because people, in relation to the choice of words, are trained to associate the term ‘good' with their own nation, and the term ‘bad' with other nations,” explained Croatian linguist Snjezana Kordic, who worked on drafting the declaration.
The declaration was drafted by 30 linguists from all four countries, through a series of regional conferences in Belgrade, Sarajevo, Podgorica and the Croatian coastal city of Split.
It has been signed by over 200 linguists, writers, scientists, activists and other public figures from all over the region.
It grew out of a project initiated by Belgrade-based Association Krokodil, which organises cultural and literary events, and the Balkans branch of the German ForumZFD, which funds peace projects in the region.
“The declaration has an educational role because it explains that a polycentric language is a normal thing in the world because English, German, Spanish and many others are that type of language,” said Kordic, who has been criticised by conservative linguists in Croatia.
She suggested that referring to a common language could potentially lead to the end of the phenomenon of schools being divided according to which language the pupils speak, as happens in some places in Croatia and Bosnia – and “stop producing future generations of nationalist party voters”.
In the former Yugoslavia, from 1954 onwards, Serbo-Croatian (also sometimes referred to as Croat-Serbian) was the official language in all the republics of the former state.
However, in 1967 Croatian intellectuals and linguists signed the Declaration on the Status and Name of the Croatian Literary Language, which was seen at the time as a nationalist provocation.
Language remained a tool for the preservation of national identity in the 1990s, and when news of the Declaration on the Common Language became public, some more conservative linguists rejected the idea.
Zeljko Jozic, the head of the Croatian Institute of Croatian Language and Linguistics, told Vecernji List newspaper on Tuesday that such initiatives are “unnecessary”.
“The Declaration on the Common Language, which I admittedly haven't seen, but by the very name and what can be read about it, I can say that is also going to one of those pointless actions that can't have a serious impact on [the] Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrin [languages]. In particular it can't affect the 24th official language of the European Union – Croatian,” he said.
He recalled the 1967 declaration and how Croatian intellectuals fought for the Croatian language “when such an opinion was quite unpopular and could have severe consequences”.
“Since 1990, in the Croatian constitution, it has been written that the Croatian language is the official language of the Republic of Croatia and this is a fact that, regardless of such declarations, statements or one's desires, will not change, nor can such an action in any way endanger [that],” Jozic added.
Another distinguished linguist, academic August Kovacec called the declaration “a provocation and a non-sense”, Croatian news agency HINA reported on Tuesday.
Some Croatian politicians have also expressed dissatisfaction with the idea.
“How could I sign that? Who could support that in Croatia?” Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic replied to reporters in Zagreb on Wednesday when asked if he had signed the declaration.
“The issue of the common language is a political construct that came with one state in 1945 [socialist Yugoslavia], which was never implemented in reality however,” Croatian Culture Minister Nina Obuljen Korzinek said on Tuesday.
“It was called the Croat-Serbian language, but in school we all learned Croatian and wrote in Croatian. I don't understand what would be the goal of starting such an initiative today,” she added.
No obstacles to understanding
While Croatian linguists and politicians are protective of their language, some of their fellow citizens appeared to be more flexible.
“I refer to my language sometimes as Serbo-Croatian, sometimes as BHSCG [an acronym for Bosanski-Hrvatski-Srpski-Crnogrski which is often used by international organisations operating in the Balkans], and in informal conversations, I say ‘our language',” 30-year-old office clerk Josip from Zagreb told BIRN.
“When the conversation turns in that direction, I usually mention that most of the languages of the former Yugoslav republics are simply politically divided, but that these [languages] are simply different dialects of the same language,” he replied when asked if he understands the other languages.
Fifty-nine-year-old Sanja, who works in a bank in Zagreb, said that she refers to her language as “Croatian” and says that she also understands all the other three.
“This is normal because I lived for a long time in Yugoslavia where films, the press, TV programmes and books were very often from all over Yugoslavia,” she told BIRN.
But she said she thinks that declaring that all four represented a shared language was “unnecessary”.
People in Bosnia and Herzegovina – a country where the Serbian, Croatian and Bosnian languages are in equal use at all levels and in all state institutions – also told BIRN that they thought it was the same language, although they were less sure about what its name should be.
“I think that whether this all is one language is not even a question. It is, and everyone will probably agree. The question is, actually, what would we call it?” Midheta, a 54-year-old school teacher from Sarajevo, told BIRN.
“I don't believe this is a linguistics issue, but a political one,” she added.
Nermin, a 30-year-old software developer from Sarajevo said that translating from one language to another “makes no sense”.
“Having Croatian subtitles on Serbian-language TV shows makes no sense. Don't even get me started on those cigarette packets,” he told BIRN.
All cigarette packets for the Bosnian market must have the anti-smoking warning written in all three languages, which leads to situations that the message “Smoking kills” is written completely the same in all languages, with the only difference is that the Serbian warning is written in the Cyrillic script.
One language, one name?
In Montenegro, the declaration has been signed by several scholars, writers and public figures, including writers Balsa Brkovic and Brano Mandic and activist Maja Raicevic, but it has not been a prominent issue in the Montenegrin media.
Montenegrins however seemed to support the initiative, with some saying it was about time that someone came up with such an idea to set aside the nationalistic disputes over the language that everyone uses.
Gorica Jovovic, a 54-year-old teacher from Podgorica, told BIRN that if the declaration was offered to ordinary people in the four countries it would attract a million signatures of support.
“The Montenegrin, Serbian, Croatian and Bosnian language are the same, whatever people think,” Jovovic said.
“It has always been the same language. But the new political winds started blowing in the nineties so they changed the name,” said Milisav Popovic, a pensioner from Podgorica.
In Serbia, there also seemed to be a positive reaction to the idea of a shared language.
Kristina, a 25-year-old manager from the northern town of Zrenjanin, pointed out that there were no barriers to communication.
“The whole idea of separating the languages doesn't make any sense to me. We understand each other perfectly well, and we can have very deep and complicated conversations and discussions without additional linguistic explanations,” she told BIRN.
Kristina said she believed that there should be a common language – saying she was “OK with the name Serbo-Croatian” – seeing it as a way of preventing people from moving even further apart.
Dusko, a 44-year-old manager from the city of Novi Sad, said he also welcomed the idea of a common language.
“I support the initiative for giving all ex-Yugoslav languages one name. But I'm also supporting the protection and the nursing of all the differences and specifics of all these languages,” he told BIRN.
However, Nermin from Sarajevo pointed out a major political obstacle to the idea.
“What would we call a joint language without offending anybody?” he asked.
“Maybe Euroslavic?”
My favorite Cable has always been from Chris Bachalo's run on the book where Cable re-joins the X-Men with Sabretooth and some other oddballs. This was also the suit he wore whith baby Hope strapped to his chest. That's the suit. The design of the figure was also inspired by LooseCollector's Olivetti style Cable he did last year. I love the white constrasted with the dark blues and blacks, and that star on the armor is super cool. Then there's the gold highlights with that crazy tube running out of his chest. Love it. Cable comes with custom made weapons including a laser blaster, handgun, and custom made B.A.G (Big Ass Gun!)!
Cable was made from Rogers lower and Conan upper, Super Patriot arm, Cap gloves, and Grayson boots. Lots of fodder and the rest is sculpted detail. Finished him with a custom paint job metalic highlights, several shades of black and blue, and a bit of gun metal! Enjoy!
See you in the future!
AC
Just a few days after we featured him in our training camp preview for the Cleveland Browns' offensive line, rookie Tyler Loos appears to have retired.
Browns placed offensive tackle Tyler Loos on the reserve-retired list — Aaron Wilson (@RavensInsider) July 10, 2015
Loos was placed on the team's reserve-retired list last week, but the news went a bit under the radar. The Browns' roster now sits at 89 players, meaning they will be adding a player in the next couple of weeks leading up to training camp.
In terms of players on the back-end of the roster, fans were pretty intrigued to see what Loos had to offer, as he garnered the highest amount of support in a poll that featured himself, Darrian Miller, Andrew McDonald, and Karim Barton. There is no word on what the undrafted free agent out of Northern Illinois plans to pursue in lieu of the NFL, but his college profile listed him as a finance major.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 12, 2015, 2:38 AM GMT / Updated March 12, 2015, 2:48 AM GMT
Eight years after a 14-year-old girl went missing in Cleveland, the FBI thinks it may have found her — or at least her doppelganger — but they need the public's help.
Ashley Summers disappeared in July of 2007. After a fight with her mom, the teen went to stay with a great uncle, then she simply vanished.
"I miss everything about her," her mother Jennifer Summers told NBC's Rock Center in 2013. "I miss just watching movies with her. We used to stay up and watch scary movies. I was always scared. She wasnt. So she laughed at me. I miss everything about that."
At the time of that interview in 2013, three women had just been discovered in the Cleveland home of Ariel Castro, who is since deceased of apparent suicide in jail.
Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight had been held captive for years. Ashley Summers disappearance had been linked to Berrys and DeJesus cases over the years because she disappeared from the same neighborhood. But when the FBI found no reason to link Castro to Summers' case in 2013, the search for Ashley continued.
There's a gentleman who is a automaton works with who doesn't play Diablo 3 himself anymore, he has a bot instead. Each morning he starts up his bot so that it can play the game for him while he's at work, killing mobs in the hopes that one will drop a rare item he can sell on the auction house.
Every day we see him he says, “You guys should play Diablo 3, it's great,” because in his mind he's still playing the game. He looks forward to interacting with his bot like you would a pet. “Hey boy, what's that item you have in your mouth? Is it a legendary? No!? Bad. Bad botty! Now you play all night and think about what you did.”
He sounds genuinely concerned when he talks about the bots' well-being. “What happens when the server goes down?” we ask him. He droops his head, “Yea, that's a problem. The bot doesn't like that.” He is often afraid Blizzard will discover his bot and shut down his account. But what can he do? He loves that bot. People do crazy things for love.
Patagonia.com
On Monday, customers visiting Patagonia's were greeted with a bold message: "The President Stole Your Land."
The retailer sent out the anti-Trump message as a response to the announcement that two national monuments will be drastically reduced in size. In the largest-ever reduction of a national monument, the Bears Ears National Monument in Utah is being shrunk by 85%.
Patagonia called the decision an "illegal move" by Trump, and said the company plans to sue the administration over the decision.
The response to Patagonia's website was explosive on social media.
Twitter kylegriffin1
Twitter ProudResister
Twitter adamcbest
The bold move seems to have attracted so much attention to Patagonia's website that it struggled to handle the traffic. Bloomberg reported that the retailer's website was overwhelmed, as a huge number of people visited the site.
Hello everybody!
Wow I've had a long break from blogging… post on that very soon! But I thought I would pop on a wonderful little recipe for battenberg cake which I made today. Enjoy!
Ingredients
4oz softened butter
4oz caster sugar
4oz self raising flour
2 large eggs
1 tsp baking powder
2oz ground rice
Red food colouring
Almond paste if desired
Apricot jam
Marzipan
Icing sugar
Preheat the oven to 160°c, and grease and line a square baking tin. The tin I use is an 18cm square tin, not too deep. Add the butter, sugar, flour, eggs, baking powder and ground rice into a mixing bowl and beat for about two minutes, or until it is smooth. Have a boogie to Beyoncé as you beat the mixture, it'll go quick as a flash. Split the mixture in half. Put half of the mixture carefully onto the right side of your baking tray. Add a few drops of red food colouring into the mixture you have left in the bowl. Mix it until it is a deep pink colour. If you were really fun you could mix things up and have some different coloured sponge in your Battenberg; go wild you only live once. Carefully spoon this mixture onto the other side of the tin, make sure the line between the two colours is smooth, and make sure your mixture is even. Smooth over the surface.
Pop it into the oven and bake for about 35-40mins. Once it is cooked, check it springs back when touched, and maybe try the skewer test like I did. Leave it to cool for a few minutes in the tin, then put it on a cooling tray to fully cool down. Remove baking paper. Once your sponge is cool, trim the sides and cut it down the middle so you have two sponges each a different colour. Then cut the sponges in half again, so you have four long pieces of sponge, two of each colour. Warm the jam in a pan, and use this to stick your sponges together in a checkerboard style. Pop some jam on the top of the sponge, ready for the marzipan. Sprinkle some icing sugar on your surface, and roll out you marzipan. This can be tricky and I had a small disaster when my marzipan decided to stick completely to the surface. After wailing for a moment I was handed a scraper to scrape it off the surface and start again. Dust your surface well. Once rolled out, pop your sponge on one side of the marzipan, then wrap the marxipan round the cake. Make sure you pinch the corners and edge so it stays together.
As a finishing touch, you could score a pattern on the top of the Battenberg, or sprinkle some icing sugar on top. Pop the kettle on, call your mates and have a gossip with a lovely cup of tea and some yummy Battenberg, and listen as your friends shower you with baking compliments. Job done.
NOMMY.
Love Sophie xx
Advertisements
The Mod is a techy wet dream, as it were, with plenty of added functionality beyond the basics. The USB port increases the fun quotient for personal or shared experiences with an optional sensor pack that includes bending, pressure, capacitive touch components, a microphone and more. With those and the "Dilduino" software, you can make the toy react to your partner's voice or heartbeat, the intensity of a video image or action on a web site, to name a few. It also opens up the possibility of interacting with a partner remotely, simulating stroking, spanking or other sensations of your choice.
It does offer a better reward at the end than anything you'll find on Instructables.
The Mod won the "Golden Kleene" award for most innovative sex toy at this year's Arse Elektronika awards (I couldn't make that up if I tried), and is now up for funding on IndieGoGo. The packages start at $60 for a built-it-yourself model up to $199 for a full Mod and sensor pack, including a few sample programs. There's also an $1,800 option which includes a workshop, or an improbable $40,000 perk that let's you and three friends try the devices on a private jet. The basic vibrator will work out of the box, but the Mod and Sensor pack "won't be plug and play," according to the team. That means you'll have to bring a few hacking skills to the project, but it does offer a better reward at the end than anything you'll find on Instructables.
Windstream Holdings Inc. WIN, +5.52% announced Monday a deal to buy fellow network services company EarthLink Holdings Corp. elnk in a stock deal valued at $1.1 billion, including debt. Under terms of the deal, EarthLink shareholders will receive 0.818 Windstream shares for each EarthLink share they own. Based on Friday's closing prices, that values EarthLink shares at $5.92 each, or a 4.8% discount. The deal values EarthLink at about $624.6 million. EarthLink's stock soared 15% on Friday after reports of merger talks. After the deal closes, which is expected in the first half of 2017, the combined company will retain the Windstream name. Windstream will issue 93 million shares of stock valued at $673 million to finance the deal. EarthLink's stock, which was still inactive in premarket trade, went public during the internet boom in March 1996, and rose as high as $62.47 in April 1999, but hasn't closed above $10 since June 2008. It has shed 16% year to date, while Windstream shares have gained 12% and the S&P 500 SPX, -0.08% has tacked on 2%.
Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.
FORMER IRELAND U20 international forwards Jack Regan and Greg Jones have been named on Ulster's list of year one academy entrants.
Both Regan, a second row, and Jones, a back row, make the move north having represented Leinster up to ‘A' level.
Son of All-Ireland SHC winner Daithi, Regan hails from Birr, Co. Offaly, stands 6'5″ and just turned 20 in May. He has featured in nine of Ireland U20s' 10 fixtures this year.
21-year-old former St Andrew's schoolboy Jones formed a formidable back row alongside Max Deegan as Ireland defeated New Zealand and forced their way to the World Rugby U20 Championship final in Manchester.
Jones celebrating Ireland's win over the Baby Blacks. Source: Camerasport/Dave Howarth/INPHO
The duo follow in the footsteps of year three academy talent Nick Timoney who made his debut for the northern province this year after moving up the M1 in 2015.
Joining the new faces in the Ulster system will be RBAI's Ulster schools' player of the year Michael Lowry. Letterkenny back row Joe Dunleavy also makes the grade after impressing in his first Ulster Bank League season with City of Derry.
David Busby, Aaron Cairns, Ross Kane, Rob Lyttle, Tommy O'Hagan and Jack Owens step up from the academy to senior contracts in Les Kiss and Jono Gibbes' squad.
“The ultimate goal is that these lads will go on to play senior rugby for Ulster and Ireland, and it is gratifying to see so many players in our pathway earn international recognition,” said academy director Kieran Campbell.
“Last year we had 26 players wear the Ireland jersey at either U18, U19 or U20 level, our highest ever total for a season, which represents a 73% growth over the past six years.”
Ulster Academy
Year three:
Nick Timoney (back row), Peter Cooper (prop).
Year two:
Jonathan Stewart (scrum-half), Angus Curtis (out-half), Rory Butler (centre), Adam McBurney (hooker), Zach McCall (hooker) Aaron Hall (back row), Marcus Rea (back row).
Year one:
Tom O'Toole (prop), Eric O'Sullivan (prop), Alex Clarke (hooker), Matt Dalton (second row) Jack Regan (second row), John McCusker (second row) Joe Dunleavy (back row) Greg Jones (back row), Michael Lowry (out-half), James Hume (Centre).
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
September 7 rally of 1.1 million in Paris after the pension changes were presented in parliament by Sarkozy's labour minister. Photo: Wagingnonviolence.org.
By Sandra Demarcq
October 11, 2010 -- International Viewpoint -- The political situation in France is dominated by the mobilisations against the proposed "reform" of the pension system [that will dramatically reduce the right of workers to access pensions]. This is at the heart of French President Nicolas Sarkozy's austerity policy. Although it is presented as an obvious demographic necessity, it is meeting increasing opposition in public opinion.
The opposition has been growing since the start of the mass mobilisations in May and the first national day of action in June. Since the beginning of September three days of strikes and demonstrations (September 7 and 23, and October 2) have brought out 3 million people out on each occasion. The General Confederation of Workers (CGT) trade union federation estimates that 5 million people have participated in strikes and demonstrations since the start.
On each day of action, we have seen that there are more private-sector workers, more young people – even high school students are beginning to mobilise and block their schools – and more radical demands.
The battle against the draft law on pensions also shows a massive rejection of the whole politics of Sarkozy. There is not only the question of pensions, numerous sectors are extremely mobilised, on strike on various issues: post offices, hospitals, the nurse-anaesthetists, the dockers ...
Faced with this resistance, the French government is more and more unpopular. These accumulated difficulties are provoking a crisis within the right.
To try to reassert his control, Sarkozy has stressed his racist and security policies, in relation to the Roms in particular. But also in the last few weeks, the government has tried to make people forget the social questions by advancing the terrorist danger. But without much success.
Dissatisfaction is growing and the situation is "explosive". Faced with the success of the demonstrations and strike days, the government has not moved and says that nothing will be changed in its proposal. The crisis and the debt are poor excuses to justify the reform.
Sarkozy and his government want their reform. Faced with the determination of the government, many workers know that to win it's necessary to impose social determination.
Today, in numerous sectors, it is time for an all-out strike. For example in the RATP (Paris public transport system), the SNCF (French national railway company), but also in the chemical and engineering industries, there is a possibility of a continuing srike from October 12.[1] We know that the next day of strikes and demonstrations, on October 12, will be a success. And today, the idea that we can win is increasing.
It is, at the moment, a very political movement. The strike rates are strong but not exceptional. The self-organisation of the movement today, is very low. General assemblies in the various sectors are had very low participation.
It is a united movement. There is an inter-union coordinating committee[2], which gives the calendar of mobilisations but which is pushed by the intransigence of the government and by the very radical militant teams.
This movement is characterised by a massive refusal to accept the pension reform, a spectacular mistrust against power and against Sarkozy, but we don't know what will be the end result of this confrontation. Everything is possible.
The New Anti-Capitalist Party (NPA) participates with the whole French left including the Socialist Party ... in a united campaign against the pensions reform .
This united campaign, launched by Attac and the Copernic Foundation, is based on the demand of a pension at 60 years for all and the withdrawal of the law.
Although all the left agrees on these two demands, there are several disagreements.
The disagreement over demands is in particular with the Socialist Party. It agrees with the demands of 60 years old as the retirement age but defends the idea that workers must work longer to get a full pension. And so it voted with right deputies [members of parliament] for the increase of years [from 40 to 41.5 years] that must be worked to qualify for the full pension.
There are also disagreements about the strategy for winning against the government and obtaining the withdrawal of the draft law. There are disagreements with the Socialist Party but also with the Communist Party and Parti de gauche [Left Party]. The Socialist Party asks us to wait for the next presidential elections in 2012, and the other political forces demand a referendum, turning the class struggle into an institutional question. They are all refusing to support the social confrontation that is necessary to win.
Since the beginning of the mobilisations, the NPA has worked in two directions:
First, to be completely in the united campaign, defending retirement at 60 years' old with the full pension. We also demand the withdrawal of the law. Olivier Besancenot is the NPA spokesperson who has participated at the most united meetings around the country.
For us, the main demand is the redistribution of wealth and the sharing of work. Our profile is clear, since last May we have been working for a massive social and political confrontation.
As the government is very unpopular, one of our demands are to sack labour minister Eric Woerth and President Sarkozy.
[Sandra Demarcq is a member of the executive committee of the New Anti-Capitalist Party (NPA) in France, and a member of the leadership of the Fourth International. This article first appeared on the website of the Fourth International's International Viewpoint.]
Notes
[1] The right to strike is embodied in the French constitution. Trades unions have to give a “warning” (préavis) of a strike for the workers to be considered legally on strike. In these sectors there has been a préavis for a reconductible or all-out strike, that is one that is revoted each day by the workers.
[2] [The intersyndical brings together the five trade union federations, including two usually classed on the “right wing”: CGT, CFDT, FO, CGC and CFTC; and the radical union SUD Solidaires, with important implantation in the postal, transport and health sectors, FSU and UNSA (teachers and public sector).
France: Huge protests against pension law
By Chris Latham
October 17, 2010 -- Green Left Weekly -- Workers and students mobilised in their millions on October 12 in the fourth and largest day of action in the past month against laws that will reduce workers' pension entitlements. The protests and strikes came as the Senate passed aspects of the pension bill that will see an increase in the retirement age from 60 to 62 years of age and increase the period of timeworkers must work to receive a full pension.
The protests show growing polarisation over who should pay the price for the economic crisis in the lead up to national strikes on October 16 and 19.
As with previous protests, the protests' size has been heavily contested. The government has tried to downplay the level of public support, while unions said the protests reflect deep public anger.
Unions estimated 3.5 million people took part in 244 protests across France, an increase on the 3 million people estimated to have joined the September 23 and October 2 days of action. The interior ministry, however, claimed only 1.23 million people took part in the protests.
Unions said the growth mainly came from private sector workers and students. The General Confederation of Workers (CGT) said much larger numbers of private sector workers took part in the strike, including non-union members, than previous ones. One of the most significant developments took place in the oil industry, with strikes at 11 of France's 12 oil refineries.
There was also a large increase in the number of university and high school students taking part, with tens of thousands joining protests. At least 400 schools were closed due to staff and student action.
The media has made much of the entry of students into the movement, raising the spectre of the mass protests in May-June 1968 that shook France.
Adding to the threat of student protests was the decision of union members in industries such as oil, rail, ports and some public services to start indefinite strike action. The strike by oil workers poses a real possibility of substantial fuel shortages.
The CGT and radical union confederation Solidaires are calling for the strike movement to spread. However, other confederations have raised concerns that intensifying the movement risked alienating the broader public and providing President Nicolas Sarkozy with a chance to rebuild his flagging electoral fortunes through a shattering defeat of the union struggle.
French Confederation of Christian Workers (CFTC) has opposed indefinite strikes and said its members in the rail system would not join any. The BBC reported on October 12 that French Democratic Confederation of Labour (CFDT) secretary-general Francois Chereque said: “The large majority of employees cannot afford to pay for repeated days of strikes.”
However, Solidaires argued: “A few days of strikes to not lose years of free time is worth it, right? The strike will cost money … But the implementation of this bill will cost more!”
The Senate approved the rise in the minimum retirement age from 60 to 62 on October 8. Failure by the movement to life the intensity of the struggle will likely cause the government to grow more confident in its ability to ride the protest and strike wave out.
However, with 67% public support for an intensified industrial campaign, and the momentum built since the campaign's start in April, the unions are in a strong position to escalate the movement.
An October 12 Solidaires statement said: “There is no time to lose: now is the time to harden and expand the movement to win.”
The media's immediate focus is on the outcome of the government's attempt to wind back France's welfare state, but there is far more at stake.
The determination of the government to cut pensions so soon after it provided huge bailouts to the banks and business to help them recover from the global financial crisis risks sparking a far deeper radicalisation.
If the unions and social movements defeat the pension bill, it could be the signal for them to begin an offensive against the government's pro-capitalist policies.
The inter-union coalition, which has led campaign, met on October 14 to plan further actions. The response to the October 16 and 19 strikes calls, in the wake of the big October 12 mobilisations and the start of some indefinite strikes, will be important tests for the movement.
More than a month ago, Josh Harding was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, an autoimmune disease that affects the brain and spinal cord; a disease whose symptoms include muscle spasms and weakness, disorientation and vision problems.
In other words: a disease that might prevent one from maintaining a level of excellence as a National Hockey League goaltender.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Just don't tell that to Josh Harding.
"You can let it get you down for a bit, but you've got to move past it. I know what my overall goal is to be, and that's a No. 1 goalie of the Minnesota Wild and to win a Stanley Cup here. It would make me happy to overcome this. Not just overcome this, but to really succeed with it," he told Michael Russo of the Star Tribune, who broke the story on Wednesday night.
"I don't want people treating me different, I don't want people feeling bad for me, I don't want people moping around. I want this to be a story where when we look back, it was a happy story."
According to the Star Tribune, Harding went to Wild doctor Dan Peterson complaining about dizziness, vision problems and numbness in his leg. After an MRI of this brain revealed lesions, the diagnosis was MS. It's an incurable disease but a treatable one with various drugs. (And medical marijuana; what do you say, NHL: free pass on the drug testing?)
Harding signed a three-year, $5.7 million deal in June with the Wild. He and his fiance are expecting their first child.
After a month dealing with the issue privately with his family, Harding revealed the condition to Wild management and his teammates this week, many of whom had been practicing with Harding during the NHL lockout.
From the Star Tribune:
Story continues
"I wanted to be the one to tell them," Harding said. "And this will tell you what type of people these guys are. I didn't know what to expect, how they'd react, if they'd be like, 'What am I going to do? We're going to have to get another goalie.' "But not once did either talk about hockey. They were worried about my health. I don't know. It was a really good feeling getting off the phone with both of them. When your GM and coach don't look at the hockey side and are like, 'Anything you need, just call,' it was an awesome feeling."
We've been Harding supporters for years.
His heartfelt and hilarious mask designs were endearing. We believed that he deserved a shot at being a No. 1 goalie in the NHL. (We even created a #FreeJoshHarding hashtag to that end.) But Harding was steadfastly loyal to the franchise that drafted him in 2002. It wasn't enough to be a starting goalie in the NHL; he wanted to be the starting goalie for the Minnesota Wild.
Now he faces a hell of a challenge. Well, faces another one, to be accurate — this is a player that tore his ACL/MCL in Sept. 2010, missing an entire season before returning to post impressive numbers as Niklas Backstrom's backup in 2011-12.
So we're not ones to underestimate Josh Harding. Not with his determination. Not with his spirit. Not when he clearly sees himself as someone who might inspire other athletes diagnosed with MS.
At the very least, he should start planning his trip to Vegas to collect the Bill Masterton Trophy at the NHL Awards. Whenever they get around to having them again.
Watch the Shark Tank season finale FRIDAY MAY 15 8|7c and watch a sneak peek from the episode above! Billionaire Nick Woodman, founder and CEO of GoPro, returns to the Tank as a guest Shark for an episode where one entrepreneur claims to have literally reinvented the wheel. There will also be a special recap of all of the success stories from season 6, and a look at some of the successful businesses that have built and nurtured by the Sharks this year.
First Lady Michelle Obama celebrates small business entrepreneurs on Season 6 of Shark Tank.
The Sharks in this episode of “Shark Tank” are Mark Cuban, Lori Greiner, Daymond John, Kevin O'Leary, and guest Nick Woodman.
The Lake Forest, CA, folks who claim to have improved the 5,000-year-old wheel say their model rolls faster with more grip. They show the sharks their new model in action on skateboards and strollers, but not all of the Sharks are convinced. A cat lover from Boca Raton, FL, hopes to find the purr-fect partner to invest in her idea where patrons can enjoy adorable rescue cats while relaxing at a café; a toy designer from Mountain View, CA, has an all-electric compact vehicle that merges the thrill of a motorcycle with an added degree of maneuverability; and an entrepreneur from Chicago, IL, touts the fasting growing new sport to hit America, a combo of volleyball and foursquare.
Watch Shark Tank FRIDAYS 9|8c on ABC.
In a case that could have national consequences for employment discrimination against trans people, a federal court judge in Detroit ruled on Thursday that the owners of a funeral home were within their rights when they fired a trans woman for coming out.
Aimee Stephens, a trans woman, was a funeral director at RG & GR Funeral Homes Inc. Her bosses fired her when she told them she is a trans woman and planned to transition, Reuters reported. Stephens worked at the funeral home from 2007–2013 according to Crains Detroit, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission filed the lawsuit on her behalf in 2014.
U.S. District Judge Sean Cox ruled that the funeral homeowners did not violate Stephens' rights because federal law does not specifically protect transgender people from employment discrimination. He said firing Stephens was in line with the owners' right to practice their faith.
“The court finds that the funeral home has met its initial burden of showing that enforcement of Title VII, and the body of sex-stereotyping case law that has developed under it, would impose a substantial burden on its ability to conduct business in accordance with its sincerely held religious beliefs,” Cox wrote in his decision.
Federal Title VII employment discrimination protections don't cover gender identity. Some observers see this ruling partly as a consequence of the Supreme Court's 2014 Hobby Lobby decision, in which SCOTUS ruled that a private company may be exempt from a law if its owners object to the law on religious grounds.
Advertisement
“This represents the staggering implications of the Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby case,” Jay Kaplan, a staff attorney with the ACLU's LGBT Legal Project, told the Detroit News. “Essentially, the judge has said that the funeral home, even one that is not a particularly religious operation, can be exempted from civil rights law with regard to transgender people."
The funeral home was represented by attorneys from an Arizona-based evangelical Christian group called the Alliance Defending Freedom, a group which has supported anti-marriage equality bills and anti-transgender rights legislation in several states.
"It's a big victory for religious freedom," ADF attorney Douglas G. Warlow told the Detroit Free Press. "The government doesn't have the ability to force business owners to violate their religious beliefs about human sexuality, or anything else for that matter."
Advertisement
The case could set a national precedent in how employment discrimination cases brought by trans people are handled, at least in states without specific protections for trans people against employment discrimination. Right now 20 states and the District of Columbia have those kinds of protections, according to the Movement Advancement Project:
“What's sad about it is that the concept of religious freedom is meant to protect people from the government,” Mara Keisling, executive director for the National Center for Transgender Equality, told The Detroit News. “It is just simply not meant to allow people, or certainly entities like companies, to discriminate. … It is supposed to be a blade used against the government to defend yourself — not a blade to be used against other people.”
Advertisement
RG & GR Funeral Homes Inc. declined further comment to Fusion; the Alliance Defending Freedom's media office and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
UNION BEACH — This is a story of peace on earth, goodwill toward men. Or lack thereof. A story of holiday spirit, turned holiday spite.
It begins with a six-foot singing Santa Claus, of the mechanical variety, plugged into the Union Beach home of Jill Patella. From her front porch, the plastic-faced Santa sings a loop of jolly Christmas songs. Remember that word, "loop."
The singing Santa waves and talks, too. In a booming baritone, Santa asks "How about a song to get you into the holiday spirit?" He asks these hundreds of times a day: to joggers, dog-walkers, the mailman or anyone else that wanders by. Then comes a song. And another. And another. And another. And .. you get the idea.
"Walking in a Winter Wonderland."
"We Wish You a Merry Christmas."
"It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year."
Except in Patella's neighborhood, it isn't.
A neighbor complained not long after Santa was plugged in. It was making her loopy.
"She came over and said, ‘That thing is so ugly, I can't take it anymore,'" Patella said.
Police were called. A decibel test was done. Singing Santa was within the law.
"I went into the neighbor's house," Sgt. Tim Kelly said. "She kept saying, ‘Can you hear it? Can you hear it?' Finally, I did, but I had to strain to hear it."
Kelly told Patella her Santa passed the decibel test.
"As long as it was off between 10 p.m. and 8 a.m., I told her it was okay."
But on Dec. 11, another Union Beach officer came by and gave Patella a ticket. The violation: NOISE. Written in capital letters.
Noise is exactly how Mark Dittman describes it. He lives across the street, and works nights and tries to sleep days. He says his wife, too, has trouble sleeping.
Union Beach fight over singing Santa 6 Gallery: Union Beach fight over singing Santa "All the neighbors are complaining," he said. "It's playing from 8:30 in the morning til 10:30 or 11 o'clock at night. We don't mind that she has it on. But just lower it."
Another neighbor, who asked not to be identified, said the whole thing "is stupid."
"Why can't she just lower the damn thing?" she asked.
The Santa was barely audible beyond Patella's yard Friday. Up close, the whir of the electric motor was nearly as loud as "Have a Holly, Jolly Christmas!" Neighbors said it was turned low, for show.
"She turned it down because you guys were coming," he said.
Not true, Patella said. "If I put it up too loud, it gets all staticky. It's not like I put the Santa out there to torment everybody."
And this where a little Christmas spirit is in order. Patella could unplug Santa for long stretches; the neighbors could be more tolerant of a lady who is recovering from a deep sadness. Peace and goodwill, in that order.
See, the Santa is "very sentimental" to Patella. It was the last Christmas decoration bought by her husband before he died suddenly in 2007 at the age of 44.
"I wanted it, but he said it was too expensive. Then he surprised me with it."
That was for Christmas, 2006, while the family lived in Arizona.
Daniel Patella died the following April of a massive stroke. The last three Christmas seasons have gone by without much joy for Patella. This year, she decided to decorate just like before.
"It was always my favorite holiday."
She has a tree in every room, and every doorway is ringed with evergreen. The walls are decorated with bows and ribbons and bells. There are porcelain Santas and Santa candles on every available shelf. There are wreaths and electric candles in every window. And the singing Santa is out front, warbling this advice:
It's the most wonderful time of the year
With the kids jingle-belling
And everyone telling you
Be of good cheer
It's the most wonderful time of the year
(CNN) One of China's first female fighter pilots and a member of the country's air force aerobatics team was killed in a training accident over the weekend, according to Chinese state-run media.
Capt. Yu Xu, 30, died Saturday during a routine training flight with the aerobatics team, according to the reports.
The Chinese military did not provide details of the accident in Hebei province, but state-run media, citing military sources and witnesses, said Yu ejected from her aircraft after it collided with another during the training.
After the ejection, the wing of another plane hit Yu, killing her, according to a report from China Daily
Yu's male co-pilot ejected safely and survived, the report said. The other jet also landed safety.
The flight data recorder, or black box, from Yu's jet was recovered as authorities investigate the accident, China Daily reported.
Yu: 'I have become a real fighter pilot'
Yu was the first of four women who are certified to fly the J-10, a single-engine multi-role jet that entered service in 2004 and is considered the first Chinese domestic fighter to rival Western fighters in its capabilities.
Yu flew a J-10 fighter with China's August 1st Aerobatics Team. Her last performance was at Airshow China in Zhuhai earlier this month.
J-10 fighters from China's August 1st aerobatics team perform at Airshow China in Zhuhai on November 4, 2016. The show was Capt. Yu Xu's last public performance.
"I think the acrobatics are quite difficult, with high requirements and standards made in all aspects. Our condition is quite satisfactory, but we need more trainings if we want to be better," Yu said of her performances in an interview with China's CCTV.
Yu, 30, joined the People's Liberation Army Air Force in September 2005. She qualified as a fighter pilot in 2009 and qualified to fly the J-10 in 2012, when she soloed in the fighter.
A Chinese Air Force J-10 fighter on display an Airshow China in Zhuhai November 2016.
"I'm quite happy with myself, because this solo flight means that I have become a real fighter pilot," she told CCTV.
Wan Ying, a friend of Yu's, told CNN that Yu was "a very positive, humble and nice person who loved taking care of friends."
She was also an avid reader, Wan said.
Wan said she and Yu had talked only two days before the deadly crash about meeting up for dinner.
Capt. Yu Xu described herself as "a real fighter pilot" after she qualified to fly the J-10.
Yu saluted as a hero
Yu's death Saturday saw many in China questioning in online forums whether women should be fighter pilots and if they were getting the right training.
"I only want to know the cause of the incident. What should be to blame for, problems with the plane or lack of training?" one poster wrote on the Chinese social website Weibo.
But state-run Global Times quoted a Chinese aviation expert , Wang Ya'nan, as saying Yu and other women in the Peoples Liberation Army Air Force were trail blazers.
"China is a pioneer in training female aerobatic pilots. When the program started, there was no foreign experience to borrow from or statistics to rely on from other countries. From this perspective, Yu Xu and other female aerobatic pilots have taken greater risks, which deserve more of our respect," Wang was quoted as saying.
On Weibo, Yu was saluted as a hero.
"Yu Xu is our most proud female pilot. Her death is a great loss for our country," wrote one poster.
"Yu is the Hua Mulan (legendary woman warrior) of our era, a rare heroine," wrote another.
What We Talk About When We Talk About Gay Marriage
toggle caption Maggie Penman/NPR
This week, Morning Edition is taking a look at the attitudes about gay rights in North Dakota, one of 13 states that still bans same-sex marriage.
Wahpeton, N.D., is about an hourlong drive from Fargo, through vast, empty farmland that's brown and yellow this time of year. It will look very different soon — farmers are already out on their tractors preparing for the planting season.
Another change might be coming too. This summer, the Supreme Court will take up the question of same-sex marriage, which is still banned in this state and 12 others. It's an issue that often becomes polarized in national politics. But in this small hub of rural America, gay rights aren't something people particularly like to talk about.
'Nobody Backed Them Up'
There was an incident here 16 years ago, though, that forced a number of people in the community to choose a side. At Evergreen United Methodist Church, the pastor refused to baptize a baby because he felt that the child — adopted by a lesbian couple — could not be given a Christian home.
Kim Mann was a member of that church at the time. Her hands and voice quiver as she prepares to talk about it. She says she remembers the gay couple leaving quietly.
"I really don't think it was that out in the open," Mann says. "Because nobody backed them up, or went to bat for them. And you know, we would have left the church at that time ... others, some people did. We would have left then too but I had three kids who never said, 'Do we have to go to church?' "
So Mann stayed at the church for a while, though she doesn't go there anymore. And she says as her older self, she'd have made a different choice 16 years ago: "I have found you don't have to worry so much about what people think of you, or your choices or your decisions."
On the issue of marriage, she has come to believe that all couples should have the same rights. But, she says, so many of the people in her community are uncomfortable with that idea.
"It's like they're afraid to progress. You know, with a lot of things. I mean, it's like they want to be the last to see how everything works out. They're not going to be the leader in anything," Mann says. "I love my state. I don't want to live anywhere else. But it gets kind of frustrating."
Supporting Equal Rights, But Not Equal Words
Edd Goerger is a farmer outside of town. His thinking on homosexuality has changed a lot in recent years — in part because he has gay family members. But he still struggles with the idea of same-sex couples using the term "marriage."
"I see it as something different. I have a Crescent wrench, and I have an end wrench, and I have a socket wrench," Goerger explains as analogy. "They all do the same thing. But they're all called something different."
He believes firmly that same-sex couples should have all the same rights that heterosexual couples have. He also believes firmly that marriage is between a man and a woman.
He pauses as he works through how he'd explain this to a gay couple.
"I understand the perception of being offended and feeling like you're taking some right away," he says. "But yet — I don't know. I see your point. But I hope you see mine too."
Click the audio link above to hear more from Mann and Goerger.
I woke up in Haiti on the morning of April 29th to a phone message saying that RTÉ had sent me a letter with questions regarding my confidential banking arrangements with Anglo Irish Bank/ IBRC. My immediate reaction was astonishment that RTÉ could be used in such a way, so deliberately, to set out to damage me.
I had been a customer of Anglo Irish bank since 1990. It was a very good relationship. I had always repaid my loans and all interest and met all my promises and undertakings. I was a performing borrower paying a full margin.
What shocked me most of all was that someone would take files from a major Irish bank, tamper with them and leak them to RTÉ. In turn, RTÉ was seeking confirmation from me, via questions contained in a letter, to enable them to broadcast this information. In essence, this is what this whole storm and controversy is all about.
Sitting over breakfast in Haiti I knew I had an immediate decision to make. Would I let the matter go or should I allow RTÉ to breach my privacy and broadcast details of my confidential relationship with Anglo Irish/IBRC? It was one of those nanosecond decisions. For me this was an intrusion too far. Over the past several years, some of the media in Ireland has become more and more vicious and invasive and this was a deliberate attempt to misrepresent my personal banking relationship.
Confidentiality
Whether it was the original Anglo Irish Bank or now IBRC in liquidation, the same level of confidentiality in a fiduciary relationship between a customer and the bank should apply in perpetuity. Maybe I am old- fashioned but I operate on the basis that a client's relationship with its bank is at all times confidential. Where would we be in Ireland if four million people had to make public all their banking relationships?
I instructed my solicitors to seek an immediate injunction preventing RTÉ from broadcasting what was being presented as my banking information and relationship with Anglo Irish Bank. Before the hearing of the injunction proper, Independent TD Catherine Murphy stood up in the Dáil and disclosed some of the confidential information in spite of an undertaking from RTÉ not to publish. This created some of the confusion which followed.
RTÉ deliberately put all of the confidential information into the body of their court documents, which meant that if my application for protection was to have any meaning I also had to seek an order restricting reporting of the court proceedings and what was in the court papers.
The injunction hearing against RTÉ went on for five days and during that time my solicitor kept me updated. He informed me that RTÉ's lawyer was pulled up on several occasions by Mr Justice Donald Binchy for encroaching in open court on confidential aspects of my banking relationship without referring to the reporting restriction.
A week after the injunction had been successfully granted by Mr Justice Binchy, Deputy Murphy mysteriously obtained copies of the same or other files in the intervening period. Since then, she has repeatedly made erroneous and untruthful statements about my banking relationship.
Not for one minute did I ever allow external access to anyone to my private banking files. The only conclusion is that they were taken from Anglo Irish Bank/IBRC without the permission of the liquidator. In other words, they were stolen. I have listened attentively to what Deputy Murphy has had to say in the Dáil. I get the distinct impression that she is uncomfortable about the exact provenance of the materials in her possession. I have not heard her say that she unequivocally stands over the information she has recited nor has she claimed that she is dealing in irrefutable facts. As an aside, if I had found banking files belonging to someone, I would have handed them over to the individual involved immediately. Instead, Deputy Murphy has used the files to attempt to damage me and to gain notoriety and political advantage for herself.
Since late last week politicians of all persuasions have sprung out of the woodwork and said it is “essential for a democracy” for TDs to be allowed to say things under privilege and for them to be reported by the media. Does it not matter whether what is being said is true or false? Does it not matter if there is a court order in place? I agree that Dáil privilege is an important component of our democracy; however, there is a parallel duty of care on the TDs and Senators to use this privilege with integrity under the guidance of the Ceann Comhairle. If there was respect for court orders we wouldn't be in the position we are in. A position which has been created entirely by Deputy Murphy's deliberate breach under Dáil privilege of a court order of which she was aware.
What is particularly curious is that Deputy Murphy is persistent in her claims even though I have made clear that what she is saying is untrue. Why doesn't she show me what files she has? Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin has been particularly strident in support of Dáil privilege. Politicians are elected by the public. Would the Fianna Fáil leader like to lead the way and encourage all Fianna Fáil TDs to make public their banking files since 1990 to RTÉ and then have them distorted?
It has been suggested that my banking affairs are of public interest. I refute that. Where does public interest begin or end? I am a private citizen. Can I presume my medical records will be sought, twisted and turned for public consumption next, just as happened with my wife's medical records at the Moriarty tribunal in 2002?
Ansbacher names
What I find curious is that Deputy Martin would lambaste Sinn Féin TD Mary Lou McDonald for releasing the names of individuals wrongly associated with the Ansbacher tax-avoidance scheme. I have never seen the Fianna Fáil leader as animated as he shot from both barrels last December in the Dáil at Deputy McDonald over the totally unacceptable releasing of alleged “Ansbacher names” of former cabinet and Fianna Fáil colleagues. I have real sympathy for those named.
Furthermore, I read Michael McDowell's comments over the weekend and they need to be taken with a grain of salt. He worked for months for the Moriarty tribunal for free and never sent them a bill. Also, he was on a long-term retainer from Independent News & Media and Tony O'Reilly for many years. He always has something to say about me but underlying everything you have to look at his agenda, which he always fails to declare.
The man and woman on the street can draw their own conclusion. If one looks at what has happened since 2010 in Ireland, we have seen many terrible situations: the pain of people who have lost their jobs, homes, self-esteem and confidence. The ill-fated policy of Nama and other institutions, selling off parcels of loans to foreign, bottom-fishing funds.
Many decent people who had loans transferred to Nama, or had loans with Anglo Irish Bank/IBRC were thrown to the wolves. I do not know anybody with a mortgage or business loan who would be able to pay their loans on receipt of a sudden and unexpected demand.
There were commercial borrowers employing thousands of Irish people who were good borrowers and it is immoral how they have been treated. I was in the fortunate position to be able to meet all my obligations in full. Speaking from a business perspective, we have seen a whole community of business people and entrepreneurs whose lives have been ruined by the miserable behaviour of these institutions and our Government's policy of selling them down the river. I have known people who took their own lives, people who lost everything including their homes and their marriages. Also many people who have had nervous breakdowns. The toll all this has taken on the “community” that makes up our country is quite shocking.
I think it is regrettable that there is such a feeding frenzy to spread rumours and selectively leak information to point- score, challenge a competitor or simply do somebody down. It is done behind the cloak of secrecy and anonymity and the principle that “my enemy's enemy is my friend”. Social media being used for this purpose is crowded with cowards.
When the foreign buying of Irish assets was at its height, I decided to buy a number of companies to keep some of them Irish, to preserve and grow employment and to seek opportunities for these businesses to develop in Ireland and overseas. These included Siteserv, Topaz, Beacon Hospital and others. These were consensual deals with founders, management and lenders. A friend of mine over dinner one night said: “Don't bother buying anything in Ireland: you will get dog's abuse.” His words are ringing in my years as I write this piece.
Coincidentally, Deputy Murphy has also been vocal about the Siteserv transaction. To be categorical, we have nothing to hide and would welcome an early review of this. Preferably, Siteserv would be reviewed first by Mr Justice Iarfhlaith O'Neill and the contents of the review made public immediately.
I always firmly believed that this country would emerge from recession quite quickly because of the immediate spending cuts and real Government action to meet the troika plan. I also had confidence in the Irish work ethic and the large numbers of very able young Irish women and men.
At a particular point in time when foreign multinationals were at their most nervous about their deposits in Irish banks I decided to be contrarian. I took a decision that Digicel would repatriate its cash deposits from US banks amounting to more than $600 million and place them with two Irish banks as a vote of confidence. Both banks asked my permission to tell a small number of foreign clients of this decision to help stop further outflows and this was granted. At that time, and subsequently, I was talking up Ireland internationally as a recovery story. I wanted to make a significant financial gesture of support at home. This was to show solidarity with Ireland but also to support the efforts of Minister for Finance Michael Noonan in stabilising the Irish banks and slow future outflow of deposits.
I have been dragged into a media frenzy because of RTÉ's attempts to publish my private bank details and Deputy Murphy's desire to distort them.
I have never experienced the level of abuse, venom and hatred resulting from taking a stand to protect privacy in relation to my financial affairs.
Over time I do really hope that the anger and nastiness which fuels the current discord will abate and be replaced by a positive and constructive outlook for the country. I will always be proud to be Irish, optimistic and a republican with a small “r”.
NYT Pick barry new jersey 5 hours ago Interesting article. Of course, children learn Racism. They are not born with it. From 1975-1977, I lived in Columbia, Maryland, a planned town that was supposed to break the stereotype of ethnic/race-based neighborhoods. My children would come home from play (daughter 6, son 4) and tell us about their friends. We'd ask them whether Joe was the Asian child. Our kids had no idea that the other children were "different". They had to learn that.
The largest vestige of racism is this country are Private Golf Country Clubs. In Philadelphia, there are the Wasp clubs and the Jewish clubs. Same thing in Westchester, NY and Plainfield, NJ. The members are racists and antisemites. You can't change the adults, but it is a shame that they bring their children there to teach the next generation to not want to associate with the "other babies".
Yes, the Supreme Court has found, on many occasions, that people have the right to privacy and the right to associate with "there own kind". Basically, to be racist in the privacy of their golf courses and eating/drinking clubs.
Bad
Sad Flag
Flag 82 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick David California 5 hours ago The important lessons for your child is that everyone, even Mother Teresa, has flaws, and that it is important to judge people in historical context. Yes racism is deeply embedded in our society, but focusing on George Washington isn't the answer. Flag
Flag 185 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Hans Christian Brando Los Angeles 5 hours ago It's sad how simple it is. Everyone belongs. What else do children need to be taught?
The bad stuff they can't avoid learning. Some children may not like them, just as there may be other children they don't like for whatever reason. Other people can be mean, or stupid, or selfish, or scared of anyone who is different in any way. But the Belongs premise requires that they treat others with courtesy and respect. As they get older they'll observe how people hurt others, and society itself, because they disregard or forget that Everyone Belongs.
What white children in particular must NOT learn is to assume shame or guilt over their presumed legacy of privilege and oppression. History can't be changed, only learned from and moved forward past.
Speaking of steps forward, a big one would be if adults gave children credit for making up their own minds, regardless of their environment. It seems unfair, and indeed rather racist, to figure that white children in the Trump era are doomed to disregard Everyone Belongs because they're so likely these days to hear Everyone Doesn't Belong from important grownups. Children have been known to reject and rebel against their elders' views and beliefs, rightly or wrongly. Flag
Flag 78 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick JP Red Bank, NJ 4 hours ago Our schools do a miserable job of telling the truth about America's history. Think about Christopher Columbus, native Americans, immigration, wars started for oil interests, overthrowing democratically elected presidents in other countries...if Americans knew their history, they would be better able to see the "whole" picture-to understand the what and the why of the world. They would know when history IS actually repeating itself. They could make better decisions and demand different solutions. It requires schools that allow discussion, children asking questions and researching for answers, not being lectured to and then given a test to see what they've remembered (until the test is over). Flag
Flag 110 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Kim NYC 4 hours ago I'm sorry but the vast majority of white people in America prefer living in a world of delusion. It's how we got our first "reality/alt-facts" president. "Reality" shows, Disney movies--it's the best. Cultivating self-awareness takes patience and hard work and can be painful. If you are white skinned in this society you can bypass all that quite easily; it's socially sanctioned, and oh so lovely knowing nothing of "whiteness" and how or why it was invented. I look at my white brothers and sisters, especially the Trump supporting kind, and I feel pity. My ancestors broke free of their chains years ago, while the descendants of their white counterparts keep holding on to theirs. Flag
Flag 163 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Jackie P 4 hours ago I want to thank the writer for being so honest. I'm a Latina parenting a 10-year old child. Parenting is a challenging task given that we parents worry about raising children who will have competitive advantages in a future world we can hardly fathom. Still, I'd rather raise a child who will thrive personally as well as understand how the world can work against her. Parents who read this article and think their children can't handle this kind of information are doing their children a disservice. You have the opportunity to raise a human being that is connected and can make the world better for others. Take my daughter. Last week, in telling me about her day, I learned she'd been sent by her teacher to accompany a classmate to the girl's bathroom. The friend started crying and was inconsolable for reasons I won't get into here. "It took me a really long time to help her feel better, mommy," she said. Later, we talked about self-care so she can learn to help others and herself, but all the while my heart swelled with pride. Flag
Flag 83 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Vickibarkley Los Angeles 4 hours ago It is white privilege to raise your children never having to consider when to give "the talk," with the gut-churning uncertainty that it will save them from harm at the hands of police. I do, however, appreciate the author's thoughtfulness about race. When my son was a baby, confronted with my own family's casual and entrenched racism and sexism, I chose to move 2500 miles west. My logic at the time was that I could not in good conscience raise another white southern man. My living choices were often to dive into white minority areas with my son, and now, he is a white Californian, of the racially sensitive sort, I'm grateful to say.
My southern Bible-belt childhood was painful, because I couldn't deal with the racism I was being raised with. It was like I was being raised by loving monsters, who would truly grieve my damnation to the hell they taught me to fear. If they knew in my heart of hearts, I viewed religions as the imperfect human strategy to deal with fear, alliances, and survival, there would be terrible pain, and I would be the cause. When I married someone of the same gender, they refused to acknowledge my wife, stepchildren, and grandchildren, when they had showered my hetero spouse(s) with gifts and love.
In my case, my instinctive, gut response to flee these people was the best answer about how to raise my white child. These people still love me, and as far as I can tell, they think I'm going to hell, and I still think they are monsters. Flag
Flag 73 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick mac BERKELEY 4 hours ago I wonder at our propensity to think of the past and judging it in terms of our current orthodoxies. The example given of George Washington is a case in point. Yes, he owned slaves, but he also set the example of only allowing himself to serve 2 years as our national president. And he served as our general trying to hold together his meager army for several years almost by force of his own character creating the possibility of a country which we all now share in.
So is the question of his having owned slaves the most important thing to know about him. Or should our view of his actions be much more nuanced - accepting the facts of the world he lived in then, appreciating what and how he tried to do what he thought the best then, and accepting the facts that our views of what was accepted then aren't now. But in my view, one of these points of view does not in any way negate the value of the other. Flag
Flag 79 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick RMC Burke, VA 3 hours ago We did not talk about race, and ensured my son was in a highly multicultural school. He was completely blind to physical differences until he was in about 4th grade. We didn't tell him everyone is equal - we treated everyone as equal. Flag
Flag 38 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick amrcitizen16 AZ 3 hours ago It is always hard to explain to children that adults are not perfect. Worse to explain that our past leaders were discriminating against an entire race. What should be explained is that humans make mistakes and we are all in the same boat. The source of racism is not so clear to adults let alone to children who are constantly taking in their environment to learn how to act and behave. Children learn by example, therefore the adults must show them that certain behavior is not tolerated, but they need to explain why. Taking Washington out of context without explaining that in his time period, southerners were allowed to own slaves. This was not right and explain why it is not right. Later she can learn why people are not so brave when in a group or when faced with taking a side. There is more at play here than just racism. The best thing to do is engage children with a diverse group and let them asks questions. Understanding why some react and behave badly towards others can help children understand their world. Adults need to have this conversation with their children especially when violent acts towards those of another race are seen or heard of. Flag
Flag 13 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick mejane atlanta 3 hours ago How "homogenous" is your circle of friends or acquaintances, your workplace, your place of worship, your neighborhood? In this day and age of being a parent, if you know only one shade of people, one gender of people, one socio-economic class of people, so do your children. Flag
Flag 37 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Richard Kuhns Portland, OR 3 hours ago Yes, it's important to understand racism in its larger context; and yes, it's important to understand George Washington in the context of his time. Nonetheless, the tone of Prof. Harvey's critics demonstrates how essential her message is. Flag
Flag 43 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Steve M. Indiana 3 hours ago Why in the world would you burden your 7-year old with such thoughts? Is it really so bad to allow children a few years of innocence and idealism before they get tossed into the real world?
Moreover, I wonder if tearing down historical leaders by focusing on their flaws - particularly with young children - does more harm than good. If even George Washington was an evil man, what hope is there for the rest of us?
Finally, all of this focus on race, gender, and other immutable characteristics is counterproductive. How do we teach our children that we should not treat people differently because of their race or gender when we keep counting people based on their race and gender?
Telling our children to treat each other as individuals is the right message, not the wrong one. Saddling this poor 7-year old girl with guilt for transgressions of those who came before her is neither fair to her nor helpful to those you are declaring to be victims. By constantly focusing on the transgressions of the past, we are instilling a sense of victimhood that inhibits personal achievement and societal progress. Flag
Flag 86 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
Loading...
John McCain has made it clear this week he doesn't understand what's happening on Wall Street any better than Barack Obama does. But on Thursday, he took his populist riffing up a notch and found his scapegoat for financial panic -- Christopher Cox, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
To give readers a flavor of Mr. McCain untethered, we'll quote at length: "Mismanagement and greed became the operating standard while regulators were asleep at the switch. The primary regulator of Wall Street, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) kept in place trading rules that let speculators and hedge funds turn our markets into a casino. They allowed naked short selling -- which simply means that you can sell stock without ever owning it. They eliminated last year the uptick rule that has protected investors for 70 years. Speculators pounded the shares of even good companies into the ground.
"The chairman of the SEC serves at the appointment of the President and has betrayed the public's trust. If I were President today, I would fire him."
Wow. "Betrayed the public's trust." Was Mr. Cox dishonest? No. He merely changed some minor rules, and didn't change others, on short-selling. String him up! Mr. McCain clearly wants to distance himself from the Bush Administration. But this assault on Mr. Cox is both false and deeply unfair. It's also un-Presidential.
...
In a crisis, voters want steady, calm leadership, not easy, misleading answers that will do nothing to help. Mr. McCain is sounding like a candidate searching for a political foil rather than a genuine solution.
At a hearing of the House Oversight Committee Wednesday, IRS Director of exempt organizations Lois Lerner invoked her fifth amendment rights, saying she was innocent of any wrong doing. (The Washington Post)
At a hearing of the House Oversight Committee Wednesday, IRS Director of exempt organizations Lois Lerner invoked her fifth amendment rights, saying she was innocent of any wrong doing. (The Washington Post)
The official who disclosed that the Internal Revenue Service had used inappropriate criteria to examine groups seeking tax-
exempt status insisted Wednesday that she did nothing wrong but also declined to answer questions from lawmakers, saying she did not want to incriminate herself in any future criminal proceedings.
Lois G. Lerner, who led the IRS tax-exempt unit at the center of the scandal, invoked her Fifth Amendment right against self-
incrimination during an appearance before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, saying that members of the panel had already falsely accused her of providing false information to Congress.
“I have not done anything wrong,” she said. “I have not broken any laws. I have not violated any IRS rules or regulations. And I have not provided false information to this or any other congressional committee.”
On the advice of counsel, she said, she would not answer further questions.
Before dismissing her, the committee's chairman, Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), asked Lerner to review a transcript of an interview she gave to the Treasury Department watchdog as part of an investigation into the matter. Lerner confirmed the contents of the document but declined to answer further questions.
Issa then dismissed Lerner and her attorney against the objections of Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), who said that Lerner had waived her right to invoke the Fifth Amendment by making an opening statement.
“She ought to stand here and answer our questions,” he added later than people in the audience applauded.
When the hearing concluded six hours later, Issa announced that he might recall Lerner before the committee and review whether she waived her Fifth Amendment rights by giving an opening statement and answering questions about the document.
Accordingly, Issa said the hearing “stands in recess, not adjourned.”
Lerner's attorney had informed the committee on Tuesday that she would invoke the Fifth Amendment, but committee aides said she was required to appear anyway.
Lerner was the official who revealed during a May 10 American Bar Association conference in Washington that employees in the IRS's tax-exempt unit in Cincinnati had improperly scrutinized applications from dozens of organizations. The revelation, which came before the agency revealed the information to lawmakers or the news media, provoked bipartisan outrage and has fueled national debate about the role and reach of the federal government.
In her opening statement, Lerner noted that she has been a federal employee for 34 years, holding positions at the Justice Department, the Federal Elections Commission and the IRS. She said she became director of the IRS's tax-exempt unit in 2006, making her responsible for a budget of almost $100 million and 900 ­employees, who process more than 60,000 applications for tax-exempt status annually.
At a hearing of the House Oversight Committee Wednesday Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., grew heated in questioning former IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman about his knowledge of the group's recent scandal. (The Washington Post)
“I am very proud of the work that I have done in government,” Lerner said.
Some Republicans said that Lerner's opening statement could be interpreted as a “subject-matter waiver,” meaning she had made factual statements about the case that then opened the door for the committee to ask her for further details. But to hold her in contempt, the committee would need a federal judge to rule in favor of the move.
Lerner's lawyer, William W. Taylor, adamantly disagreed with suggestions that his client had opened herself up to contempt charges.
“The law is clear that a witness does not waive her Fifth Amendment rights not to testify as to facts by asserting that she is innocent of the wrongdoing with which she is accused,” Taylor wrote in an e-mail.
Stanley M. Brand, who has represented several clients who faced congressional scrutiny, agreed that Lerner did not provide “a waiver” for lawmakers to ask her questions.
“The question would be whether she made statements about the factual substance of the subject, but courts will be loath to divest someone of their rights absent a clear and unequivocal waiver,” Brand wrote in an e-mail.
Once Lerner left the committee room, lawmakers turned their attention primarily to Douglas Shulman, the Bush administration appointee who led the IRS during President Obama's first term. He was joined at the witness table by J. Russell George, the Treasury inspector general for tax administration, and Treasury Deputy Secretary Neal Wolin.
Rep. Elijah E. Cummings (Md.), the ranking Democrat on the House panel, criticized Shulman for not correcting his March 2012 testimony after learning that IRS employees had indeed targeted conservative groups.
“It seems to me that you would come back even if it were a phone call or a letter,” Cummings said. “I mean, common sense.”
At various points Issa charged that George, who has been largely spared the grillings reserved for other officials in previous hearings, failed to keep Congress informed about his findings as his audit began last year.
Issa told George that “we do not wait 10 months to find out that there's a there there” and called the delay “the greatest failing of an otherwise well-regarded inspector general.”
But George reminded the committee that his office conducted an audit, not a formal investigation. He added that there are “established procedures for conducting an audit” to ensure fairness and noted that information given to Capitol Hill “sometimes is not retained on the Hill.”
Under questioning by Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), who chairs an oversight subcommittee that first probed allegations of IRS wrongdoing, Shulman said he did not discuss the IRS targeting of conservative groups with the White House during visits to the White House that Jordan said numbered more than 100 between 2010 and 2011.
“It would not have been appropriate to have a conversation with anyone at the White House about the subject of discriminating against conservative groups,” Shulman said.
Shulman later clarified that he had visited the White House complex — which includes the adjoining Eisenhower Executive Office Building and the New Executive Office Building located across the street — for “The Easter Egg Roll with my kids” and for various meetings regarding the IRS budget, the enforcement of tax laws, efforts to improve the federal finance aid process and meetings on the implementation of the 2010 health-care reform law.
At various points Issa charged that George, who has been largely spared the grillings reserved for other officials in previous hearings, failed to keep Congress informed about his findings as his audit began last year.
Issa told George that “we not wait 10 months to find out that there's a there there” and called the delay “the greatest failing of an otherwise well-regarded inspector general.”
But George reminded the committee that his office conducted an audit, not a formal investigation. He added that there are “established procedures for conducting an audit” to ensure fairness and noted that information given to Capitol Hill “sometimes is not retained on the Hill.”
Aaron Blake, Zachary A. Goldfarb, Juliet Eilperin contributed to this report.
Discuss this topic and other political issues in the politics discussion forums.
SpaceX claims it is making great progress toward a reusable rocket, while Russia and the US are playing a tit-for-tat game of space sanctions, refusing each other rocket engines and satellite tracking stations. Together, this is a recipe for space war, at least according to the geo-strategic consulting firm Wikistrat.
In a new report released today, the firm revealed its efforts to forecast the future of the private space industry with a two-week simulation created by 75 analysts and led by Dr. Bruce Wald, the former director of the US Navy's space research program. Wikistrat uses an online platform to conduct crowd-sourced strategic analysis for corporate and government clients, including NATO.
The simulation identified two overriding trends that will determine the future of the private sector outside of earth: The level of international tension, which will determine the types of activities occurring outside of earth's atmosphere, and the cost of putting stuff in space, which will determine how much of it is done. Based on that rubric, the simulation found four possible scenarios for the latter half of the 21st century:
Recent events seem to be trending toward the unfortunate bottom right box: Essentially, if spaceflight is cheap enough and tensions are high enough, conflicts will spread above the earth, though the report does rule out the moon as “not a useful base for projecting power against earth.” Sorry, super villains.
But don't fret too much, or let visions of space colonies fill your mind. The kind of cheapness that would make for either a space war or a rosier entrepreneur-driven race to turn our galactic neighborhood into a boom-town depends on technology that may be never be built. To lower the cost of accessing space enough for such massive activity, something like the space elevator—essentially, a cable thousands of kilometers long hoisting cargo from the earth to orbit—would need to be created. And while Google reportedly considered embarking on the project and elevator advocates claim one could be built by 2060 (pdf) with the proper breakthroughs, the fact is that engineers don't yet have materials strong enough to actually build such a massive project and may never develop them.
Hence, the report notes that space activity in 2050 may be the same as it is today. Which, while not good news for the burgeoning private space industry, does leave it some opportunities—and, perhaps ironically, private companies may do better if global tensions stay high. Wikistrat's analysis finds that governments will invest more in the private space industry in a high-tension scenario than in one where international relationships don't drive prestigious scientific missions and military spending, leaving the companies struggling for returns.
You can already see this dynamic plumping SpaceX today: While the company's litigation to block its competitor's purchase of Russian rocket engines has failed for now, Russian authorities have decided to block the exports themselves, leaving SpaceX poised to expand its business with the US Air Force.
Syrian state TV host Mohammed al-Saeed has been executed, the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported. A militant Islamist group has claimed responsibility for the killing.
­Al-Saeed was kidnapped on July 19 of this year. The Al-Nusra Front, a little-known Islamist militant group, posted a statement August 4 on an Al-Qaeda-affiliated internet forum.
"The heroes of western Ghouta (in Damascus province) imprisoned the shabih (pro-regime militia) presenter on July 19…He was then killed after he had been interrogated," AFP reported.
The post showed a photograph of frightened al-Saeed sitting against the wall. “May this be a lesson to all those who support the regime,” the note read.
It is an act of cruel barbarism committed by one of Syria's increasingly violent rebel groups, RT's Oksana Boyko reported from Syria. She compared the incident to a similar case in Libya where kidnapped TV journalist Hala Misrati was tortured and raped by Libyan rebels. Misrati was later released alive, but “in Syria they simply kill,” Boyko said.
“The Al-Nusra Front calls for Sunni improvement in Syria; all part of the democratic uprising,” she reported.
Meanwhile, RT's correspondent reports that two more journalists have been kidnapped on Saturday. One of those abducted, Talal Jinbakly, worked as a camera-man for Syrian state TV. The other, Mohammad Ali Hussein, is said to work on a Syrian educational television channel.
However, there have not been official comments, and more details are not available so far.
Also on Saturday, Syrian rebels attempted to seize a state-run broadcasting radio and TV complex in Aleppo. The rebel flag has reportedly been planted on top of the building.
The attack on the pro-government Al-Ikhbaria TV station in the town of Drousha, south of Damascus, killed seven journalists and four security guards on June 27. One building in the complex was nearly demolished.
­
No solution in sight
­Violence has been ravaging Syria since the uprising began 17 months ago. The international community has so far failed to broker a peaceful resolution to the conflict.
The UN General Assembly voted on Friday in favor of a non-binding resolution on Syria pushed by several Arab states.
The resolution demanded that President Bashar al-Assad cede power to a transitional government, and for the Syrian Army to cease tank and helicopter attacks against rebel forces. It made no comparable demands of the opposition forces.
July was one of the bloodiest months in the entire uprising, and saw a suicide bombing that resulted in the deaths of several of Assad's top ministers, including his brother-in-law.
The Syrian conflict has claimed roughly 17,000 lives, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last month. Opposition forces allege the number is higher, estimating more than 20,000 killed.
Ahead of the first presidential debate this Wednesday, the Obama campaign has rejected the idea that the president will be hurling any "zingers" at opponent Mitt Romney.
"We also saw in reports that Mitt Romney and his team have been working on zingers and special lines for months," said Obama campaign spokeswoman Jen Psaki, according to pool reports. "That's not what the President's focus is on. So if you're expecting that, that's probably not what he's going to deliver on. As I said, he's speaking directly to the American people and we know what they want to hear is what his plan is for moving the country forward, and that's what we're hoping he can deliver on, on Wednesday."
Psaki also said Romney's team is "bordering on the complete bizarre" by saying they'll look out for Obama to lie during the debate.
"I have seen them say that they're watching out for the President to just spew lies during the debate," Psaki said. "So that is bordering on the complete bizarre, given that Mitt Romney's team is the one who has said they're not going to be dictated by facts."
Psaki did not give many details on Obama's debate preparations but said "he has had less time to prepare than we anticipated," citing events in the Middle East and an active campaign schedule.
The New York Times reported on Friday that Romney's team "has equipped him with a series of zingers that he has memorized and has been practicing on aides since August," and said the Republican's strategy "includes luring the president into appearing smug or evasive about his responsibility for the economy."
Aircraft Data
The 777-300ER is the Extended Range version of the 777-300 and contains many enhanced modifications including the GE90-115B engine, which is the world's most powerful jet engine producing 115,300 lbf (513 kN) thrust Summary data for Boeing 777 300ER Country of origin First flight No. built No. in service Crew Passengers USA 2003 332 332 2 365 - 500
Power 2 x General Electric GE90 (77000 - 115000 lbf) turbofan engines. GE90-115B
Dimension Dimensions for Boeing 777 300ER Length 242 ft. 4 in. Wing Span 212 ft. 7 in. Height 61 ft. 7 in. Empty Weight 366,940 lbs. Max Weight 775,000 lbs.
Performance Performance of Boeing 777 300ER Max Speed 587 mph Cruise Speed 560 mph Ceiling 41,000 ft. Normal Range 5,500nm Max Range 7,930nm Updated 22nd June 2012 Show using: Imperial Show using: Metric
The Boeing 777 is the world's largest twinjet and commonly referred to as the "Triple Seven" Distinguishing features include the six wheels on each main landing gear. In service with many of the worlds airlines primarily for long-haul services
Raekwon: ‘Only Built 4 Cuban Linx… Pt. III' Coming in 2012
Written by Tyler Hakes. Published: the_date('l, F j, Y'); ?>.
The Chef says he's cooking up a third helping of the OB4CL series, to drop next year.
Good news for Wu-Tang stans as Raekwon announced this week, in an interview with Exclaim.ca that he is currently preparing to begin work on Only Built 4 Cuban Linx… Pt. III, with plans to release the album sometime in 2012.
Rae explained to the website how he's operating his recently-launched Ice H20 Records imprint, which is being operated out of Toronto. “Basically it's just like a media talent academy label that just allows cats to expand on their dreams and know their place and now to become more career-minded with [their] dreams,” he told Exclaim.
Most interestingly, explaining that the imprint will also play home to his next release — the third in his series of Only Built 4 Cuban Linx discs. Although he didn't pin down a timeframe for the record, he did say that he expects it drop in 2012.
This new album will be Raekwon's third solo album to drop in the past four years. It will follow up to the critically-acclaimed Only Built 4 Cuban Linx… Pt. II (2009), and the original, Only Built 4 Cuban Linx (1995), which is widely considered to be a universal classic.
In addition to his work on new music, Raekwon explain that he's currently in the process of completing a biopic based on his life. He said that the film is “90 percent done” and features appearances from Erykah Badu, Cee-Lo Green and others.
Rae also mentioned the upcoming 20-year anniversary of the Wu-Tang Clan, hinting that the group will be reuniting for some sort of celebration. He didn't provide any details as to what's in store.
More information on Raekwon's newest music and other endeavors will be published as they become available.
Get The Latest
More Music
Comments
'Pomp and Circumstance' Familiar Standard Marches Ahead of Competitors
Pomp and Circumstance. It's hard to imagine a graduation without it. Music commentator Miles Hoffman stops by Morning Edition to discuss the famous processional and other marches in this season of commencement exercises and weddings.
Sir Edward Elgar composed Pomp and Circumstance — the title comes from a line in Shakespeare's Othello ("Pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war!") — in 1901. But it wasn't originally intended for graduations. Elgar's march was used for the coronation of King Edward VII.
It first became associated with graduations in 1905, when it was played when Elgar received an honorary doctorate from Yale University in 1905, but it was played as a recessional, not as a processional, at the ceremony.
"After Yale used the tune, Princeton used it, the University of Chicago [and] Columbia," Hoffman tells NPR's Bob Edwards. "Then eventually... everybody started using it. It just became the thing that you had to graduate to."
What was played as a processional at the Elgar ceremony was the Ruy Blas overture by Felix Mendelssohn, but Hoffman suggests it may not strike some as a graduation theme. "I'm not sure I can actually hear or feel the tassels waving there in the breeze," Hoffman says.
But if you're tired of Pomp and Circumstance, there are several terrific alternative marching tunes, he says. For example, Henry Purcell's march from The Married Beau, "a sort of specialty processional, but it's a great piece."
Or a selection from Hector Berlioz with the unfortunate title of The March to the Scaffold. Perfect if the graduates know that they will be unemployed, Hoffman says.
Music Heard in the Morning Edition Report
1. Sir Edward Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance March No. 1, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Yehudi Menuhin conductor (1991, Virgin Classics)
2. Felix Mendelssohn's Ruy Blas overture, Bamberg Symphony Orchestra, Claus Peter Flor conductor (RCA Victor)
3. Henry Purcell's march from The Married Beau, from Baroque Music for Brass and Organ, Empire Brass Quintet, (Telarc)
4. Hector Berlioz's The March to the Scaffold, New York Philharmonic, Leonard Bernstein conductor (Sony Classical)
5. Verdi's Aida: Grand March, Boston Pops Orchestra, Arthur Fiedler conductor, (RCA Victor)
6. Wedding march from Wagner's opera Lohengrin, Berlin Philharmonic, Herbert von Karajan conductor (EMI Classics)
7. Marc-Antoine Charpentier's prelude from Te Deum in D Major, Baroque Music for Brass and Organ, Empire Brass Quintet, (Telarc)
BOSTON (Reuters) - Twitter has temporarily disabled one of the features on its website after a security researcher warned of a programing flaw that left the login credentials of its users vulnerable to hackers.
Twitter co-founder Biz Stone said in an email that the company had temporarily cut off access to a feature that lets users display Twitter updates on their websites by using Flash technology.
“Our team has disabled the Flash widget while we look into the problem,” Stone said.
Mike Bailey, a senior security analyst with Foreground Security of Orlando, Florida, said that the problem exploits a widely known vulnerability in Adobe Systems Inc's Flash programing language.
Adobe has told programmers how to address the vulnerability, which was first discovered in 2006, Bailey added, but noted the operators of many websites have failed to respond to those warnings.
The microblogging site's huge popularity has made it a prime target for hackers looking to spread malicious software to Twitter's millions of users.
“As simple as the attack is, I've been finding them all over the place,” Bailey said.
Officials with Adobe declined to comment.
A hacker last month briefly hijacked the Twitter site and redirected it to one that claimed to represent a group calling itself the Iranian Cyber Army. That high-profile attack — by a perpetrator who stole credentials to the account that Twitter uses to route its traffic — did not compromise credentials of any Twitter users.
Bailey said his analysis of the Twitter site showed that it could have been vulnerable to attacks for more than a year, but that it was impossible to know whether hackers had actually exploited the Adobe flaw.
He is scheduled to discuss his research on the Twitter flaw at the Black Hat DC security research conference in Washington, which begins on February 2.
CLOSE With much of Puerto Rico without power, short of fuel and with limited access to clean water, the U.S. may see a large influx of evacuees from Puerto Rico. Authorities on the island are trying to rebuild an already fragile infrastructure struck by Hurricane Maria. Video posted Sept. 28, 2017, by Jennifer Sangalang, FLORIDA TODAY Wochit
People sit on both sides of a destroyed bridge that crossed over the San Lorenzo de Morovis river, in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, in Morovis, Puerto Rico, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2017. A week since the passing of Maria many are still waiting for help from anyone from the federal or Puerto Rican government. But the scope of the devastation is so broad, and the relief effort so concentrated in San Juan, that many people from outside the capital say they have received little to no help. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert) (Photo11: Gerald Herbert / Associated Press)
It has been a trying week for Erika Rodriguez, who continues to reach out to family members in Puerto Rico struggling in the catastrophic aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
With much of the island without power, and short of fuel and clean water, Rodriguez wants her family to relocate to the U.S. mainland while authorities in Puerto Rico try to rebuild an already fragile infrastructure struck by one of the most powerful storms in recorded history. But she's having a lot of trouble trying to get to the island to retrieve them.
“We're trying to find something but there are no flights,” said Rodriguez of Satellite Beach, Fla. “We're calling around. One of my friends was trying to leave from Orlando and at the last minute the flight was canceled. They're also saying that they might be able to get you in but there are no guarantees that (they) can get you back,” Rodriguez said.
In the established Puerto Rican enclaves of cities around the country, people like Rodriguez are making room for relatives whose lives on the island have been washed away. So, too, are city officials bracing for the influx of evacuees desperate to flee Puerto Rico for shelter with friends and family.
It's too early to know how many of the island's 3.4 million residents will try to leave or just how ready communities in the mainland U.S. are to absorb them. If migration patterns hold, much of the influx will be to the South.
A Pew Research Center study shows that as the island was in the early throes of its current economic crisis and bankruptcy, about 48% people leaving Puerto Rico moved to the South, including 31% who relocated to Florida.
More than a million people of Puerto Rican descent live and work in Orlando, home of Walt Disney World. Monse Vargas, the president of the non-profit La Casa de Puerto Rico, said preparations must be made for temporary housing, job training and other social services should families there take in evacuees.
Thousands of people evacuating Puerto Rico line up to get on a cruise ship in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017. The aftermath of the powerful storm has resulted in a near-total shutdown of the U.S. territory's economy that could last for weeks and has many people running seriously low on cash and worrying that it will become even harder to survive on this storm-ravaged island. (Photo11: Gerald Herbert, AP)
“There are people who are trying to come. They have family in Central Florida or they're coming here to buy supplies to take back. But there is a lot of desperation. Some people lost their houses and want to get out, even though right now it is extremely difficult,” Vargas said.
Jackie Cruz of Port St. Lucie, Fla., said she is more than willing to bring all of her family — including her mother, aunt, sister, her husband's children, grandchildren and others — to the mainland.
“We're all trying to get together with my sister in Jersey to figure out how we can bring them here. They won't leave anyone behind," Cruz said. “We're trying to convince them being here is better than being where they are. They don't know anything outside of Puerto Rico.”
Officials in Florida and other states were readying resources. Florida will assist with "whatever is needed, both in Puerto Rico and in Florida," said Kerri Wyland, a spokeswoman for Florida Gov. Rick Scott. Scott has asked the state's public colleges and universities to allow students displaced by the storm in Puerto Rico to pay tuition at an in-state rate.
New Jersey, which sent a task force and resources to Florida, South Carolina and Texas in response to hurricanes earlier this month, is preparing to send aid to Puerto Rico as soon as the Federal Emergency Management Agency tells them what's needed.
Meanwhile, the situation in Puerto Rico, where nearly half of the population lives below the poverty rate, grows more dire by the day. While there is no shortage of people who want to fly in with supplies, the logistics are daunting. There are roads that remain impassible because of the damage. Some communities on the island are so remote they are only accessible by helicopter. Loved ones living stateside worry, and feel helpless.
CLOSE It was already $74 billion in debt. Time
Janice Rivera of Rockaway, New Jersey, said her brother and sister live in Cedra, located in the middle of the island. She said one of her nephews lost the zinc roof of his home. She is worried about the scarcity of food; her family sometimes relies on the avocados, bananas and plantains that fall from the trees. Rivera can't even send cash through the bank because her siblings can't access the money.
“They say it will take two months for power to come back, and we worry about what they are going to eat,'' she said. “What are they going to do, and if they are flooded where are they going to live?”
At the Orlando International Airport, there were two passenger flights — one arriving and one departing for Puerto Rico — scheduled Wednesday. Normally, there are about 26 flights a day between Orlando International and Puerto Rico, said airport spokesman Rod Johnson.
"We do have eight relief flights going out, but that's it,” he said.
A woman tries to talk with her family to say that she is good condition while telephone technicians try to repaire the lines in Punta Santiago, Humacao, in the east of Puerto Rico, on September 27, 2017, one week after the passage of Hurricane Maria. The US island territory, working without electricity, is struggling to dig out and clean up from its disastrous brush with the hurricane, blamed for at least 33 deaths across the Caribbean. (Photo11: HECTOR RETAMAL, AFP/Getty Images)
Still, some families have been successful in taking transportation matters into their own hands.
Denisse Quinones, 45 and a Cape Coral, Fla., hairdresser for 15 years, drove to Fort Lauderdale on Wednesday to pick up her mother and grandmother. They will join her in a two-bedroom house along with her three children for the next three to six months.
"I booked them an airplane while the hurricane was going on," Quinones said.
"I just kept calling and calling until finally it happened. But not everyone has that discipline or luxury of being able to do that. I do know others who are coming. They are not retired. They live paycheck to paycheck. They already are struggling. They are trying to get out. They probably will be here. That's going to be an impact for the community. They're going to need jobs and assistance and housing. How are we going to accommodate all of that?" Quinones said. "This is a humanitarian crisis."
Contributing: George Andreassi II, David Dorsey and Monsy Alvarado.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2kaLEQX
Jake Hallenbeck has built his fair share of buggies, Jeeps, and trucks over the years. While many of these have run coilover shocks and link suspensions, he took a different direction with his 2008 JK Unlimited.
“Some of these aftermarket suspensions cost upwards of $10,000,” Jake says. “I have less than that in all of the modifications I have performed on my Jeep.”
Of course, Jake also has a ton of sweat equity in his Jeep, but the modest cash outlay is still impressive considering how extensive the modifications are. They include 1-ton axles, 40-inch tires on beadlocks, and leaf springs. Say what? That's right. Jake grafted leaf springs on his JK and has been very pleased with the results.
“The handling on the road is great and they flex like mad on the trail,” he reports.
Judging by where we saw Jake take his Wrangler it's hard to argue.
The stock 3.8L engine still resides under the hood of Jake Hallenbeck's JK, with 99,000 miles on it. While these engines do not have a stellar reputation, Jake reports that the manual transmission and low axle gears help keep the engine in its powerband.
A Banks RamAir intake helps free up extra horsepower and is complemented by a custom 2 1/2-inch exhaust with a Dynomax turbo muffler at the other end. The torque peak on the V-6 is 1,000 rpm higher than a 4.0L engine (4,000 versus 3,000 rpm) so freeing up the airflow in and out of the engine is critical.
See something missing here? Jake completely defeated the ABS and traction control systems on his JK when he added the Super Duty axles. He used a wheel sensor from a Ram truck on the Ford front axle and reported that it bolted right on to the axle and into the Jeep connector. This took a lot of trial and error but has worked well for Jake.
The front suspension uses Wagoneer rear leaf springs on custom hangers with 14-inch-travel King 2-inch remote-reservoir shocks on Ford Super Duty shock towers. This setup allows fitment for the 40-inch tires with ample wheel travel.
Jake added custom spring hangers directly on to the front bumper. He was able to move the front axle forward 2 inches to clear the fenders since the JK uses a pitman arm that faces forward. The factory crash bar was removed in front for increased approach angle with the use of the diminutive bumper.
The steering links were constructed from 1.5x0.250-wall DOM tubing fitted with GM 1-ton tie-rod ends. In order to mount the draglink above the leaf springs, a passenger-side knuckle from Reid Racing and a steering arm from XXX Traction were used.
Jake used a 2010 Super Duty front axle since they have larger knuckles, brakes, and U-joints than earlier Super Duty axles. The axle came with 35-spline axleshafts from the factory but has been upgraded with 5.38 gears and an Eaton ELocker behind the Solid diff cover. The most difficult part was cutting off the suspension brackets and fitting a spring pad on the cast section of the on the driver-side differential.
The side-mounted fuel tank of the JK made it easy for Jake to stretch the wheelbase to 123 inches. The rear suspension uses a simple leaf-spring suspension with the same 47-inch-long springs and 14-inch-travel King shocks as the front. A custom traction bar was built from 1.5x0.250-wall tubing. Jake said that the traction bar only limited wheel travel by half an inch and does an excellent job of preventing axlewrap.
The rear axle is also out of a 2010 Super Duty with an 8x170 bolt pattern. The Sterling axle has a 10 1/2-inch ring gear and disc brakes from the factory, so all Jake had to add under the Solid diff cover was the 5.38 gears and more clutch packs to the factory limited slip to tighten it up.
Rolling stock consists of 40-inch Nitto Trail Grapplers mounted on Teflon-coated ATX Chamber Pro beadlocks. Note how the Chamber Pro uses a 3/4-inch-thick beadlock ring with countersunk socket head cap screws to protect the hardware in the rocks.
The interior is basically stock, with the addition of a custom rollcage constructed from 1.75x0.120-wall DOM tubing. Hallenbeck routed the rollcage through the dash for a clean installation with no loss of legroom, but he did have to cut and section the vents and speaker housings in order to retain their functionality.
Extraction duties are handled by a Bulldog 9.3k Alpha winch mounted on the stubby front bumper. These winches use series-wound motors with 500-amp sealed contactor switches.
Most aftermarket fenders are wider than stock for added tire coverage, but they don't do anything to help off-road visibility. Jake modified the factory fenders to narrow them by 6 inches and then added mounting tabs to reattach them to the sheetmetal.
Lighting comes from a Snevey's Off-Road Black Widow 50-inch hybrid LED light bar on custom low-profile mounts. As if that weren't enough, a pair of Highlander LED light pods from Snevey Off-Road add 1,440 lumens.
This Jeep actually started as a 2WD. If you are going to toss out the factory axles and suspension anyway, why not save the money up front? Jake built a custom skidplate on the back of the factory crossmember to protection the NP241 Rocktrac transfer case. Heavy-wall CV drivelines from Driveline Service of Reno were built with 0.188-wall tubing and 1350 U-joints.
Tech Specs
2008 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited
Drivetrain
Engine: 3.8L V-6
Transmission: NSG370 6-speed manual
Transfer Case: NP241 Rocktrac
Front Axle: Dana 60 with 5.38 gears and Eaton ELocker
Rear Axle: Sterling 10.5 with 5.38 gears and factory limited-slip differential
Suspension
Springs & Such: Wagoneer rear leaf springs and King shocks (front and rear)
Tires & Wheels: 40x13.50R17 Nitto Trail Grapplers on 17x9 ATX Chamber Pro beadlock wheels
Steering: Custom 1.5x0.250-wall DOM tie rod and draglink with 1-ton Chevy tie-rod ends, Reid Racing steering knuckle and XXX Traction steering arm
Lighting: Snevey's Off-Road 50-inch LED light bar and LED light pods
Other Stuff: Banks RamAir intake, Bulldog winch, custom fender flares, custom rollcage, owner-built bumpers, custom rock sliders, custom 3/16-inch corner guards
I have a confession to make: being a stay at home mum isn't all it's cracked up to be. I hate housework, loathe laundry and haven't baked a cupcake in months. My carpet is unhoovered, there are cobwebs in every corner of every room and I have even started to avoid doing the weekly shop. And I haven't even mentioned the kids yet.
I left my job in August after having worked pretty much continuously since the age of 13. I pride myself on having a pretty good work ethic – a product of growing up in a working class household where money was short. If you wanted something you had to go out and get it. I was pretty enterprising as a kid and as soon as I was old enough I would knock on people's doors begging them to let me clean their car for a fiver. As a teenager I had a paper round, worked in a cattery, and spent hours on Sundays folding clothes for River Island. I started my first bar job on my 18th birthday and had a succession of mostly disastrous positions throughout my time at University. I managed to secure a job before I had even graduated, so great was my fear of not having enough money to pay my rent or buy food, and I have never claimed benefits.
Leaving work to devote my time to being a Mother was therefore no small deal. I spent 10 years working with drug users but when the service I worked for was effectively privatised, I decided enough was enough. My partner had started working full time and after taking childcare and tax credits into consideration I realised that I could just about afford to take a year off, and decided I would spend it looking after my kids. I felt anxious about the loss of my independence and more than a little worried about how the balance would shift in our household but I took the plunge, feeling relieved that I would at least be free of the endless guilt of the working mother. Finally I would be able to do what every Mother knows she should be doing: walking the kids to school in the morning, being there in the event of an emergency and attending every little school activity with enthusiasm and love. I even went to the Nativity play twice, just because I could.
The guilt may have gone but it has been gradually replaced by an increasing sense of isolation and resentment. I have found myself getting addicted to social media and have developed a slight obsession with arguing on Facebook. My kids noticed that my eyes were drawn so often to my smart phone that they have requested that I delete certain applications so that I can give them my undivided attention. I pick my daughter up from Nursery every day at lunch time and feel this intense pressure to be enjoying the precious time we have on our own until I go back up to school to collect my son. I envisaged a world of arts and crafts and baking, a world where I would suddenly develop endless patience and an inclination to play imaginative games, a world where I would revel in making up stories and dressing up as a Princess: instead I find myself clock watching, obsessively checking Twitter and relaxing my rules about how much TV I allow them to watch in a day. The long and the short of it is that I am bored out of my mind and if I have to play another round of Guess Who or Uno this week then I may well not be responsible for my own actions.
I read a blog recently by a woman who said she felt a pressure to constantly write about how amazing being a Mother is and that this worried her. She didn't quite go as far to talk about how boring and lonely it can be but I think she was making a good point. Women seem to feel bad about telling the truth about parenting. I love it when I see one of my friends crack and really shout at one of their kids as it makes me feel better about all the times I've lost it with one of mine because they've done something terrible, like you know, lost their shoe. Don't get me wrong, I love my kids with a ferocity that shocks me – the realisation that I would willingly jump on a grenade to save either of them, has been one of the most amazing revelations I have ever had, but this doesn't mean that I am deeply fulfilled by every moment that I spend with them. I find my son's incessant questioning and complete inability to see that asking me to log on to his tablet when I am in the middle of making his breakfast may not be the best idea, utterly infuriating. I feel terrible that when he gets up for the third time that evening, crying about feeling scared of the dark and all I can think is “But this is my only time to be on my own and not think about your needs, just go away”, made worse by my own memories of doing exactly the same thing as a kid and never understanding why it made my own parents so angry. Parenting is amazing, transformational and hugely rewarding but it is also challenging, tedious and full of routine.
It wasn't always this way. Before we decided to have kids, I worked out that my partner and I could both work 3 days a week and share the childcare equally. Until we actually did this, I had no idea what a radical idea this was. I had assumed that most of my friends would follow a similar pattern if possible and was surprised to see that we were unusual in our choice to parent in this way. We managed to maintain this working pattern until the recession hit and took away our lovely comfortable public sector jobs. My partner retrained and suddenly the balance swung. Previously we had had an equality that I took for granted. We divided out the household chores and did our fair share of night duties and things felt balanced. I never knew what to say when someone asked us who the primary carer was as we shared that role together.
Psychologist Oliver James thinks it's important that kids are raised by their parents as much as possible but he also acknowledges that this doesn't always mean Mum. I now know that I am actually a much better parent when I am working, than when I am at home full time. I am active in the community and I do some voluntary work, but I do feel under pressure to be the one that keeps everything going on the domestic front. My poor partner knows that if he tells me he's run out of underwear again he risks getting an earful from me, as I am simply starting to resent the idea that this is now my job. I understand that it isn't fair to expect him to come home after a week at work to piles of dirty washing, but this does not help in the motivation stakes. I hadn't realised how important those days at work were in helping me to maintain a sense of my own identity as separate from my role of mother. The time I spent at my office or in my car was time spent simply being me and it's this that I am missing.
I think it's important that women don't feel scared to say how bored and lonely they get at home because I believe passionately that men should have to experience some of that boredom too. We should not have to pretend that being a Mother is the most rewarding job that we have ever done and it's time men stepped up to share the load. I am hopeful that things will equalise again when my daughter starts full time school in September and in all likelihood we both revert back to part time working. When I get the headspace and independence that work offers me, I find that I am kinder, more patient and generally nicer to my kids, and I'm sure that everyone will breathe a sigh of relief.
Advertisements
I found a clip from my own private war archives that I thought you guys might like, or at least some of you :-) This happened 8-9 years ago in Musa Qaleh, Afghanistan.We had been taking small arms fire and RPG fire from a small corner outside the perimeter numerous times, and we decided we had enough of Talibob's bullshit. There were two A-10 Warthogs with enough "playtime" to engage the target. I was the FAC so I called in a 9-liner and the A-10s did their 30mm magic.We never had problems with that corner again.EDIT: There are no children in this clip, or even civilians. We took heavy fire from that area, and there is no way I would call in close air support if I knew there were civilians in that area. They didn't stick around, for obvious reasons. I'm not trying to promote war or any certain any agenda with this clip.
This same-sex couple were attacked outside a bar for kissing
Security footage has shown a young gay couple being beaten by a gang for kissing outside a bar in Spain.
Andy and Jorge, both in their early 20s, had gone to La General club in Berga, a city in the northeast.
Around 4am, they went outside for a cigarette and began kissing.
But then a man approached them, telling them they were being ‘disgusting'.
When they responded by kissing each other again, they were attacked. Surrounded by gang members, they were kicked and punched until they were left lying on the ground.'
‘We tried to defend ourselves and then I cannot remember what happened until the ambulance and the police arrived,' Andy said.
Sharing pictures on his Facebook account, he said: ‘We want this to be visible in order to make people aware that these kinds of things happen, unfortunately.
‘We are still scared.'
‘We are still scared.'
Maria Miro, owner of La General, said the security guard had intervened to stop the beating.
‘It is the first time anything like this has happened here,' she said.
‘The aggressor will not be allowed to come here anymore.'
Police have arrested an unnamed 19-year-old Spanish man in connection with the incident.
The authorities are continuing to investigate.
Following the attack, both Andy and Jorge attended a vigil calling for the end to homophobic, biphobic and transphobic attacks in Spain last night.
Gathering in the Plaza Sant Pere, Berga mayor Montse Venturós condemned the beating of Andy and Jorge.
‘We will always fight bigotry against LGBTI people. We will organize, struggle and persist. Berga is and will be a free city!' she said.
I així mil vegades fins a combatre la LGTBIfòbia. Organitzem-nos, lluitem, persistim. Berga és i serà una ciutat lliure! pic.twitter.com/lHzph1xIAN — Montse Venturós (@venturosm) March 13, 2017
The arrests of several students who unwittingly and accidentally violated school weapon policies has some Georgian lawmakers saying “zero tolerance” makes zero sense.
A Cobb County high school senior was charged with the felony of bringing weapons into a school zone after police found fishing knives in a tackle box in his car. Cody Chitwood, a 17-year-old student at Lassiter High School and avid fisherman, turned himself in and was released on $1,000 bond.
Police were performing a random sweep, and drug-sniffing dogs detected black powder in Chitwood's car. The powder was residue from a firecracker that had been in the car since Fourth of July, but it was enough to a warrant a full search that turned up the fishing-related weaponry.
“It's pretty ridiculous,” said Chitwood in a statement to The Marietta Daily Journal. “I have an attorney and I'm hoping to get the felony dropped so I can still get in the Air Force.”
If the district attorney decides to prosecute, Chitwood could face two to 10 years in prison and a $10,000 fine.
Lassiter High School did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Andrew Williams, a senior at nearby Allatoona High, received an identical felony charge after an assistant principal searched his car and found a knife. The official conducted the search after another student suggested that Williams had been smoking marijuana in his car. No drugs were found — just the knife.
Several state legislators say enough is enough.
“The public expects the same good common sense they use every day of their lives to apply to the laws of our state, and we as legislators seek nothing less,” said Republican state Rep. Ed Setzler, in a statement to The Marietta Daily Journal. “We'll inspect the current state of the law, but our school leaders don't like it, our law enforcement doesn't like it, and we're finding out the citizens who understand the current state of the law certainly don't like it.”
Zero tolerance policies, overzealous prosecution of weapons violations and general gun hysteria have landed hundreds of unwitting kids in big trouble. Two Virginian seventh graders were recently expelled after playing with airsoft guns on private property near a school bus stop. (RELATED: School expels kid who played with airsoft gun on own property)
Follow Robby on Twitter
Aside from purchasing a new vehicle with cleaner emissions and higher efficiency, how can one reduce the amount of harmful tailpipe emissions? If this crowdfunding campaign succeeds, you may be able to add this little machine to an existing car or truck engine, which is claimed to reduce particulate matter emissions, increase combustion efficiency, and produce breathable oxygen, without reducing the performance of the vehicle.
The LeefH2 takes aim at the emissions of the dirty internal combustion engine, especially diesels, which account for large amounts of harmful particulate matter in the air, by functioning as a kind of mechanical leaf in order to feed the engine with very small amounts of hydrogen. By adding minute amounts of hydrogen to the combustion chamber, the existing fuel is said to burn faster and more completely, reducing fuel consumption and increasing efficiency.
http://youtu.be/PQPfS-BwCk0
According to the LeefH2 Indiegogo campaign page, the device can be integrated into any combustion engine, without any major changes to the vehicle, and can reduce particulate matter emissions by almost 50%, while also producing oxygen (from splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen).
The LeefH2 doesn't store any hydrogen, but rather produces it in small amounts on demand, and the hydrogen isn't the main fuel for the vehicle, which continues to burn gas or diesel as originally designed.
“The LeefH2TM (Leveraging Energy Efficient Fuel with Hydrogen) promotes combustion efficiency and reduces particulate matter emissions in all types of hydrocarbon-based fuels by adding hydrogen to the air used for combustion. Hydrogen increases the laminar flame speed of virtually all hydrocarbon fuels, causing far more fuel to be burned during the combustion process, thereby lowering the amount of unburned fuel exiting the exhaust. Less unburned fuels equals less particulate matter emissions. Increasing combustion efficiency also reduces fuel consumption and lowers green house gases.” – HNO Green Fuels
According to HNO, a single tree can produce up to 260 pounds of oxygen each year, and the LeefH2 could produce (on average), about 365 pounds of oxygen each year, so if the claims prove out, this device can essentially use a fossil-fueled vehicle into a virtual tree that produces breathable oxygen while operating.
Find out more about LeefH2 at HNO Green Fuels, or at the Indiegogo campaign page.
Vols Film Study: Kirkland, Reeves-Maybin, and the Blitz
Bob Shoop likes to blitz. The Tennessee Volunteers' new defensive coordinator comes to Knoxville after spending two years at Penn State, and he brings with him a reputation for putting the heat on opposing quarterbacks.
Shoop has consistently produced some of the nation's best defenses in recent years. In his two years at Penn State, the Nittany Lions finished eighth and ninth in the country in total pass defense.
Before going to Happy Valley, Shoop spent the previous three years coordinating the defense for Tennessee's in-state SEC rival, Vanderbilt. Despite not always having as much talent as their SEC competition, the Commodores were very good under Shoop, never finishing worse than twenty-third in the nation in pass defense.
A big part of Shoop's philosophy revolves around putting pressure on the quarterback. The stats back this up. In 2015, Shoop's Nittany Lion defense led the nation with 3.54 sacks per game.
In his introductory press conference at Tennessee, Shoop said, “We'll be an in-your-face style of defense that's built on relentless pursuit and never-ending pressure.”
If you go back and watch film of Shoop's defenses at Penn State or at Vanderbilt, then you will see that he is serious about never-ending pressure. Shoop will send pass rushers early and often. He likes to rush linebackers on early downs to stop the run, while also using creative blitz packages on passing downs to put pressure on the quarterback.
Shoop's primary pass coverage scheme is a conservative form of quarters, but he will use a fire zone blitz as his primary changeup.
The fire zone was popularized by Dick LeBeau, then the defensive coordinator of the NFL's Cincinnati Bengals, in the 1980s. LeBeau learned the concept from Bill Arnsparger, the head coach at LSU, who was experimenting with zone blitz tactics at the college level.
Prior to this time, defenses always played man coverage behind blitzes. This was effective at times, but very risky. Quarterbacks and offensive playcallers began getting better about designing plays to get the ball out fast, before the blitz could get home. Defenders were isolated in man coverage, so any slight mistake could result in a big play for the offense.
The zone blitz maintained the effectiveness of the pass rush, but the pass coverage scheme was much safer. All six defenders in zone coverage could keep their eyes on the ball, allowing them to rally and make the tackle for little gain even if the quarterback completed a quick pass.
While Arnsparger is credited with inventing the concept, LeBeau is the man who made it famous. When he brought it to the NFL, his new tactic confounded quarterbacks and saw incredible success.
LeBeau's favorite type of zone blitz was what he called the fire zone. Three defenders (typically the two cornerbacks and one safety) would each be responsible for a deep third of the field in zone coverage. Three more underneath defenders would be responsible for taking away any short to intermediate passes. The remaining five defenders will rush the quarterback. Which five defenders rushed the quarterback and which six dropped in coverage was at the defensive coordinator's discretion. He was limited by only his own creativity.
Now skip ahead to 2016. Shoop uses the fire zone to compliment his base coverage scheme. Typically, Shoop will rush four and drop seven to play conservative zone coverage. But Shoop wants opposing quarterback's to feel the heat. He likes to blitz, and the fire zone is the best way to do it. Shoop can send five pass rushers, while maintaining safe zone coverage.
Shoop will send pass rushers from any and all directions. He's not afraid to use linebackers, slot corners, safeties, and even outside corners as blitzers. He is also willing to drop defensive ends, and sometimes even defensive tackles, into coverage while blitzing a second level defender in order to keep the opposing quarterback off guard.
Fortunately, when Shoop arrived in Knoxville he inherited two linebackers that fit his blitzing scheme perfectly. Middle linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. and weakside linebacker Jalen Reeves-Maybin both return as starters. While neither linebacker weighs more than 230 pounds, they are both known for their speed, quickness, and instincts. That combination makes Kirkland and Reeves-Maybin tenacious pass rushers for the Vols.
Reeves-Maybin finished his junior year second on the team with 5.0 sacks, while leading the Vols with 14.0 tackles for loss. Kirkland finished right behind Reeves-Maybin with 3.0 sacks and 6.5 tackles for loss in his true freshman season.
From a pure athleticism standpoint, Reeves-Maybin and Kirkland are among the best linebackers Shoop has ever coached. They fit his scheme perfectly, and have the potential to star under his tutelage. In order to help them reach their full potential, Shoop will certainly have to devise even more creative ways to utilize his linebackers in 2016.
Consider this pressure package that Shoop has used in the past. It is one of his favorite blitzes, and one that nearly every high school, college and pro team in America runs.
The point of the scheme is to overload the offense on one side. In the above example, the blitz is coming off of the (defensive) left side. The left end will stunt to the A gap, in between the center and the guard (this is called a long stick technique), while the middle linebacker will rush through the B gap, in between the tackle and the guard. The strong side linebacker (or nickel back) will blitz off the edge through the C gap.
Shoop called this rush against Temple last season. The right tackle saw the blitzing middle linebacker and focused his attention on him. This allowed strongside defensive end Carl Nassib came free for the sack.
Now skip ahead to bowl season. Former Vols' defensive coordinator John Jancek dialed up a very similar blitz when the Vols' faced off with Northwestern. Here, the right tackle recognized the blitz and tried to block Darrin Kirkland Jr., coming from his middle linebacker spot. He was, however, no match for the more athletic Kirkland, who blew by him for the sack.
Now its Reeves-Maybin's turn. Consider this blitz that Shoop used while at Vanderbilt in 2013.
Here, Shoop calls for a linebacker and the strong safety to rush, in an attempt to overload the (defensive) right side. The offense will be overmatched with two defensive linemen plus two blitzers rushing to one side.
On this play, middle linebacker Jake Sealand came free up the middle, while the offensive linemen were focused on blocking the defensive linemen. Sealand flushed the quarterback out of the pocket, right into the waiting arms of the other blitzer, strong safety Javon Marshall.
Jancek called a similar blitz against Alabama in 2015. This time, running back Derrick Henry blocked the Vols' blitzing strong safety LaDarrell McNeil, and All-American left tackle Cam Robinson was in position to block Reeves-Maybin, blitzing from his weakside linebacker position. However, Reeves-Maybin used his speed and his quick hands to swim past the bigger offensive lineman, and ended up finishing the play with a big sack.
With Reeves-Maybin and Kirkland showing outstanding ability to blitz, they will certainly feel right at home in Coach Shoop's aggressive scheme. With talented pass rushers like Derek Barnett, Corey Vereen, and Jonathon Kongbo already captivating the attention of opposing offensive linemen, the Vols' linebackers will surely have plenty of opportunities to put pressure on SEC quarterbacks when Shoop dials up the blitz.
Editor's Note: Seth Price writes Vols Film Study weekly for FOX Sports Knoxville. You can see more of his work at Football Concepts. He is also the author of Fast and Furious: Butch Jones and the Tennessee Volunteer's Offense, which is available on Amazon.com.
Editor's note: Kelly Wallace is CNN's digital correspondent and editor-at-large covering family, career and life. She is a mom of two girls. Read her other columns on digital life and follow her reports at CNN Parents and on Twitter.
(CNN) -- Ask any teen whether he or she suffers from social media anxiety, and the answer will probably be no.
That's what happened when six teens and adolescents -- five from New York and one from Los Angeles -- got together recently for a unique weeklong workshop at the offices of SheKnows.com, a leading women's lifestyle media platform.
The teens didn't think that Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat, their go-to social networks, added much extra anxiety to their lives. But then the conversation turned to the importance of likes and the fear of missing out, also known by the acronym FOMO.
Sadie, a 10th-grader in Brooklyn, New York, said she'd never heard the acronym before but is definitely familiar with the feeling.
"You see on, I guess you could say, Facebook or even Snapchat ... you see your friends hanging out with other people, and you're like 'Oh, I'm alone right now,'" she said. "And even if there's no way you could get to them even if you wanted to, it still just makes you feel bad or lonely or sad."
The upside of selfies: Social media not all bad for kids
Olivia, 12, said she sometimes feels that way, too. "If there's an event that maybe I'm not at or my friends are hanging out with each other ... sometimes I kind of feel, I guess, kind of left out."
The quest for the '100 clubs'
The teens and tweens also agreed there is a constant -- and at times anxiety-inducing -- fixation with likes.
"People will be like, 'Oh, are you in the 100 club?' " Sadie said of getting 100 or more likes for a post.
The 15-year-old told the story of a friend who changed her profile picture and didn't get the 200 likes she normally gets on the first night whenever she makes such a change.
"She was freaking out," she said.
The more likes, the greater the social standing you appear to have, the girls said.
"People feel that when they get a lot of likes. It means that they're pretty and popular, and that makes them feel better," Sadie said.
Schools step up social media monitoring of students
Said Olivia: "I really do notice that a lot of people who get tons of likes and have tons of followers on Instagram and Facebook do tend to think that they are really popular and that everyone knows who they are, when ... all their followers haven't even met them before."
Likes translate into validation and attention, said Diana Graber, co-founder of CyberWise.org, a digital literacy site for parents, educators, and tweens and teens. Graber also teaches "cybercivics" to middle schoolers in Aliso Viejo, California.
When she overhears conversations of students, she says, she very often hears things like, "Check this out; I have this many likes."
"It's almost like a little competition for the number of likes," Graber said. "I think that's anxiety-ridden, because you get likes based on how many friends you have, and you have to keep posting things to get more friends and it's like a vicious circle."
Graber says this phenomenon was illustrated by a recent assignment in her classroom. She asked her students to try to go 24 hours without social media during one of three weekends.
Middle school transition tough for teens and parents
Of the 28 students, only one was able to do it. The teens couldn't stand not knowing what their friends were doing, Graber said.
"It was very hard. I kept getting tempted by my phone and my friends," wrote one student, who said he could last only five hours in his social-media-free zone.
Research: Social media can make you feel sad
Studies show that social media can actually make you feel bad about yourself. According to a study last year by the University of Michigan, the more people checked Facebook, the worse they felt about their lives.
Another study, this one by German researchers, found that a third of people felt worse after spending time on Facebook, especially if they spent time viewing vacation photographs.
Helping students realize the impact of social media on them was a big goal of the summer workshop held by SheKnows.com. That workshop also served as a pilot for a program called Hatch, which was just launched by the company.
As part of the new effort, kids ages 9 to 16 create videos for adults, said Samantha Skey, SheKnows.com's chief revenue officer. The informal tag line for the program is "content for grown-ups made by kids on a mission," she said.
What counts as a real name on Facebook
"It's content by kids, but it's really meant to address topics of interest to their parents in many cases," she said. "The mission component is focused on teaching them digital literacy and citizenship while also allowing them to play with digital storytelling."
Reese, an 11th-grader in Los Angeles who participated in the Hatch pilot program, said she didn't really give much thought to the notion that digital media can impact people emotionally until there was a discussion about its psychological effect.
"And I found out that I am kind of neurotic about some things," she said. "For example, when I text someone and I think that I might have made them upset because they didn't reply right away, I automatically assume that they got mad at me."
To prevent that from happening, she admits closing nearly all texts with a smiley, exclamation point or LOL.
Sadie, who also participated in the Hatch pilot, says she now looks at Snapchat and Facebook a bit differently.
"I know (they) can also have a negative psychological effect that I feel like didn't occur to me as much," she said.
Starting conversations early
The takeaway from the workshop, said Skey, was that there is a "huge opportunity" to talk with teens about social media. "A lot of them say that educators are not talking to them about media and social media unless they're telling them not to do something."
Talking about social media early and often is key, says Graber, who did a demonstration this month for principals and other educators from across the state of California on how she teaches digital literacy and citizenship to teens.
How to cut your child's cell phone addiction
"I always say to parents: It's not one conversation. It's a thousand small conversations, and it is really starting young," she said. Take an interest in what your children are doing online and have them show you why they like it, she said.
"And then you are in the circle," she added. "It's pretty easy to get there but you have to start when they are young."
Graber, who starts teaching students in the sixth grade, said it often takes her students until the eighth grade to figure out all the social media angst "ain't worth it."
"It's a huge trajectory to get there ... when they start saying, 'Gosh that's a waste of my time.' "
Do you get anxious if you don't get a certain number of likes on social media posts? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook.
Janet Jackson's State of the World tour stopped in Lafayette, Louisiana last night. Moments before the pop legend took the stage, a video condemning white supremacy, domestic terrorism, and fascism was screened. An excerpt of the opening video, recorded live by a fan, is streaming above.
ADVERTISEMENT
The one-minute video introduction starts by naming unarmed black men who were killed by police officers: Eric Garner, Michael Brown, and Jonathan Ferrell. Then, we hear audio clips of television personalities and protestors explaining the threats of white supremacy, privilege, and inequality.
The message is a vital one: The Center for Investigative reporting has shared an analysis of domestic terrorism in the United States spanning nine years, and found that right-wing extremists were responsible for twice as many violent attacks compared to Islamic extremists.
It's a threat President Donald Trump has only acknowledged once, after he faced significant criticism for equivocating anti-racist protestors and white supremacists during a United The Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia (one protestor, Heather Heyer, was run over by James Alex Fields Jr. a white nationalist and Trump supporter).
Thumbnail photo by Christopher Polk for Getty Images
Police investigating the shooting of a woman on a Lower East Side sidewalk early Sunday morning are hoping to talk to a male riding an electric scooter or bike on the sidewalk near the scene.
Around 4:50 a.m. on October 15th, a 26-year-old woman standing near the Hotel on Rivington was shot in the left shoulder. She was taken to Bellevue Hospital in stable condition.
Police collecting shell casings (Tipster)
According to the NYPD, "The male individual was riding an electric scooter and fled the scene." DNAinfo reports that police initially "released a wanted poster with a photo of the suspect, depicted wearing a black hoodie and riding a small blue bike" and said he was wanted for assault, but now authorities say he is just wanted for questioning.
Anyone with information in regards to this incident is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or for Spanish, 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime stoppers website at WWW.NYPDCRIMESTOPPERS.COM or by texting their tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577.
added another member to his coaching staff when he announced the hiring ofas cornerbacks coach on Thursday.Clark comes to Oregon from Colorado along with defensive coordinatorafter spending the previous four seasons with the Buffaloes. Clark coached Colorado's safeties during his first two seasons in Boulder before moving to cornerbacks for the 2015 and 2016 seasons. Clark's secondary was instrumental in helping the Buffs to the 2016 Pac-12 Conference South Division title, finishing second in the league and 21st in the country in passing defense (193.6 ypg) and tied for third in the nation in passing yards allowed per attempt (5.7).Prior to Colorado, Clark coached defensive backs at San Jose State from 2010 to 2012. Clark's unit led the WAC in interceptions (15) and forced turnovers (31) in 2012, and he helped to mold Duke Ihenacho into an All-Western Athletic Conference selection and future NFL player.Clark began his coaching career at Duke in 2008, starting as a defensive quality control intern while also assisting the special teams coordinator and defensive assistant coaches. In 2009, he was promoted to a graduate assistant position assigned to the defense.A four-year letterman at Ole Miss, Clark played in 47 career games and started each of the last 34. He led the Rebels in tackles as a sophomore (76), totaling more than future Butkus Award winner and NFL All-Pro, Patrick Willis. He finished his career with 198 tackles, three interceptions, 12 passes broken up and five fumble recoveries.Clark graduated from Mississippi in 2007 with a degree in business (banking and finance), and he worked briefly in private business before getting into coaching. A native of Eustis, Fla., Clark attended Clay High School where he played football, basketball and track and field.
Apparently the Braves decided not to designate Micah Johnson for assignment after all
The Braves now say Micah Johnson was not DFA'd. They had talked about it, but didn't need to because they have a spot on their 40-man — Mark Bowman (@mlbbowman) September 1, 2017
Original: With roster expansion underway today, the Atlanta Braves have announced several roster moves in advance of today's game against the Chicago Cubs.
Atlanta has reinstated relievers Luke Jackson and Ian Krol from the 10-day disabled list. The team has also recalled pitchers Rex Brothers and Max Fried from Gwinnett along with infielder Rio Ruiz.
The team also selected the contract of catcher Tony Sanchez who was acquired in Thursday's trade with the Angels involving Brandon Phillips.
The team also cleared a spot on the 40-man roster by designating utility man Micah Johnson for assignment.
Civilization is going to space. The next game in Sid Meier's iconic turn-based strategy series will take place on an alien planet, where you'll explore, colonize, and fight other factions as you attempt to navigate uncharted sci-fi territory.
Sound familiar? Civilization: Beyond Earth, as it's called, seems very much like a spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri, the wonderful sci-fi Civ spinoff released back in 1999. Beyond Earth will be out this fall for PC, Mac, and Linux, which should excite more than a few Civ fans. Strategy game addicts have been waiting almost 15 years for another sci-fi 4X game, and the next big thing from Firaxis is just that.
The Alpha Centauri comparisons can't be avoided. But the folks at Firaxis—most recently responsible for XCOM, a much different kind of sci-fi game—say they want Beyond Earth to feel different than that 90s classic.
"This is going our own direction," Beyond Earth designer Anton Strenger said in a phone interview earlier this week. "But that's not to say that we have not, you know, drawn some inspiration from Alpha Centauri. When I was in sixth grade I played Alpha Centauri. That was my first 4X game, and I remember learning it over my friend's shoulder and not knowing exactly what was going on but loving every minute of it."
In Alpha Centauri, you'd pick one of seven factions and colonize an alien planet, fighting off nasty mindworms and workshopping new units as you negotiated and battled with your fellow human settlers, like the zealous Believers and the draconic Hive. It mixed the brain candy of a Civilization game with some solid sci-fi fiction, and the results were engrossing and addictive. Fans spent years craving and demanding a successor, but that could never really happen—Alpha Centauri is owned by the publisher Electronic Arts, while Firaxis is now owned by one of their competitors, 2K Games.
Advertisement
(Full disclosure: I have spent many, many hours playing Alpha Centauri. Too many. I'm glad there's no way to track that.)
So what about this upcoming game, Civilization: Beyond Earth? Well, for starters, here's a CGI trailer, released by Firaxis today:
Let's break down some of the basic features, as described to me by the Firaxis folks.
Advertisement
Pre-game preparation is a big thing here. "When you start a game of Civ: Beyond Earth, your choices start before turn zero," said Strenger. "You're composing your spacecraft on your expedition to this new alien planet." So you'll get to make some basic decisions—colonists, cargo, type of spacecraft—before the game starts. That, the designers say, will impact the outcome of your entire game.
"Even when you arrive you're not just this kind of pre-baked factional identity, you're this composition of different choices that plays out a little bit different every time," Strenger said. "That goes for the human player and also for the AI players as well."
Factions are a little different than they are in Civ. Instead of playing as familiar civilizations like, say, the Romans, or Russia, you'll play as futuristic fictional factions—like the American Reclamation Corporation. Or the Panasian Cooperative.
Advertisement
"Factions each have distinct personalities," said producer Dennis Shirk. "You might have an aggressive personality and they have a specific trait, but it's going to vary greatly, because depending on what they start out with, those loadouts are gonna mean that you're gonna get a different experience each time."
You can't play as an alien race. Sadly. Maybe that'll come in an expansion pack later, like it did with Alpha Centauri's Alien Crossfire. For now, aliens in Beyond Earth will be more like barbarians in a Civ game—you can ignore them or pick fights to clear them out of your way.
Advertisement
The tech tree is non-linear. Really, it's more web than a tree, the designers say.
See, in most Civilization games, you go through technologies by progressing linearly, moving from discoveries like masonry and writing to philosophy and mathematics and eventually working your way up to modern times, where you can learn how to blow things up. In Beyond Earth, you'll be able to pick one of a few different branches—like chemistry or engineering—and head down that particular branch. As you progress through the game, you can either stick with the branch you chose, or switch paths to unlock other kinds of stuff.
"Once you go to ecology, for example, that can lead into technologies for terraforming, and for advance satellites, and for geoscoping," said Strenger. "Whereas if you go down the engineering route, that leads to civil support, cybernetics, and other technologies instead. You can advance in many different directions, and at any point you can go back and say, 'OK I've gone enough down this branch for now,' and go back and focus on other things."
Advertisement
You probably won't be able to get every piece of tech by the end of a match, Strenger said. "Each decision you make, each thing that you wanna go for is gonna come at the cost of not being able to get something else."
Surrounding that technology web are big-picture decisions. Themes, really. The developers at Firaxis call them affinities. Based on how you choose to progress through the tech web, you'll find your civilization leaning toward one of three different "post-human identities": purity, harmony, or supremacy.
Advertisement
"Purity is very concerned with maintaining the glory of old earth and the tradition and the culture," Strenger said, "so they're kinda rejecting these new influences on the alien planet. The harmony affinity embraces genetics and alien life forms on the planet and tries to integrate with the planet. And then supremacy does the same sort of integration and moving past what humanity was, but they do it in a technological direction. So they implant cybernetics into their own bodies, and they link up their minds to neural networks."
You'll also be able to...
Do quests and side missions while exploring the planet.
Negotiate with other factions, build trade routes, and do all the other little management activities that make a Civ game a Civ game.
Find alien relics, not unlike in Alpha Centauri.
Build satellites for different kinds of military, economic, and technological advantages.
Go insane and declare war on everybody in a mad attempt to take control of the planet by killing everyone else.
Advertisement
Hopefully they can capture what made Alpha Centauri so great. Anyone who spent long nights battling with Zakharov and Santiago undoubtedly has fond memories of transcending humankind and merging with the Planet in Firaxis's sci-fi classic. It was a top-notch game, and though the Civilization series has been consistently great since Sid Meier programmed the first Civ back in 1990, Alpha Centauri always stood out, possibly because it could create its own story, unconfined by history or realism.
The folks at Firaxis seem to agree. And if anyone can pull off a great spiritual successor to Alpha Centauri, it's Sid Meier and crew. Who else could do it?
"This is, for the whole team, just an amazing thrill to be able to cast off the shackles of historic context and work on something amazing like this," Shirk said. "Because it's been a while since Firaxis has gone into space, outside of XCOM. So just to go through the whole process, watch the designers go through the whole process, has been amazing."
Making changes to American tax policy has the potential to be the big achievement of 2017 for President Trump and Republicans in Congress.
In theory, tax reform could be much easier to accomplish than reforming health care: The Republicans could put forward a tax plan (as the party has successfully passed in the past) that cuts taxes for tens of millions of people across economic brackets and ignores whatever implications that might have for the deficit. That might get some level of pushback from budget hawks, but unlike the Obamacare repeal effort, it would have no obvious mass constituency of angry people worried that something was going to be taken away from them. And Republicans tend to be in more agreement among themselves on tax policy (lower is better), which could defuse some of the internal divisions that made health care so difficult for them.
But nothing has been easy for Trump and the Republicans in Congress this year. And the early signs are that the Republicans running Washington, who debuted an outline of their tax policy Wednesday, are taking many of the same steps that plagued their health care efforts.
1. Cutting a lot of taxes on the very wealthy while cutting some benefits for people less rich
Many of the early versions of the GOP's Obamacare repeal bills included rollbacks of taxes put in the original Affordable Care Act, almost all targeting the most wealthy Americans. The result was headlines saying Republicans were cutting Medicaid while at the same time reducing taxes for the rich.
The new GOP tax plan, while including income tax cuts for millions of middle-class Americans, also calls for cutting estate taxes (which primarily affect those with significant wealth to pass on), reducing the top individual tax rate from just under 40 percent to 35 percent and cutting the rate for certain kinds of smaller businesses.
I don't think a broad-based tax cut that also benefits wealthy taxpayers is a huge political problem. But Republicans are floating the idea of finding ways to increase taxes, too, in order to reduce the amount that this proposal raises the budget deficit.
The idea that party leaders seem to have have landed on — even though it was not part of Wednesday's outline — is cutting some federal tax deductions, particularly the cost of state and local income taxes. This provision is likely to raise the taxes of upper-middle-class people (it would also hit the very rich, but not only them) in high-tax states like California and New York. (It's not yet clear if other parts of Trump's tax proposal would ensure that people affected by the elimination of this deduction still come out paying fewer taxes because the increase was offset by other cuts.)
Sure, those are blue states. But Republicans are risking the problem of a family making $200,000 facing a tax increase (or getting a pretty small tax cut) because it can no longer deduct local taxes, while people who make $4 million get a huge windfall on balance.
2. Relying on a slim majority
Trump has been meeting with some Democrats on tax policy. But the people who have been writing the tax legislation behind the scenes so far are an all-GOP group, and there is little sign that Democratic ideas are being considered.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has publicly suggested that Republicans would seek to move taxes through Congress using the so-called reconciliation budget rules, which would require only 50 votes in the Senate (plus the tie-breaking vote from Vice President Mike Pence) and therefore no Democratic support. But the party holds the Senate majority by such a narrow margin that even the reconciliation process requires nearly every GOP senator (50 of 52) to sign on.
It's not yet clear who might emerge in the Senate as a roadblock on taxes. I will be closely watching Tennessee's Bob Corker and Arizona's John McCain, members who have expressed concerns about the growing deficit and national debt before and are in some ways freed from bowing to the demands of Trump or Republican leaders in Congress. (Corker just announced he's not running for re-election, and McCain's brain cancer diagnosis means he is unlikely to seek another term.) McCain actually voted against George W. Bush's major tax cut bill in 2001, one of only two Republican senators to do so.
In the House, the Freedom Caucus, could demand that GOP leaders enact the largest possible tax cut without regard to the deficit. Such a move would put the caucus in direct tension with more deficit-conscious members.
3. Cutting out the Democrats
There are also the bad political optics — though they shouldn't be overstated, as both parties have used the reconciliation method for passing major legislation before. More fundamentally, though, the Republican-only focus seems a tactical mistake. Trump does not seem particularly grounded in Republican orthodoxy on tax policy (or really any policy). He could probably reach an agreement with some Democrats on taxes.
I would argue that a broadly popular tax cut focused on the middle class would be hard for some Democratic senators to oppose, particularly those in red states and up for re-election in 2018, like Missouri's Claire McCaskill and West Virginia's Joe Manchin.
A tax cut supported by at least some Democrats in the Senate would both have the imprimatur of bipartisanship and also shift the policy left in a way that Trump might like, even if more conservative Republicans in Congress did not. And Trump has shown that he's willing to cut a deal across the aisle even if his own party stalwarts don't like it.
4. Saying one thing while doing another
Republicans and the administration spent months writing bills that reduced Medicaid spending and loosened regulations, like the requirement under Obamacare not to charge people more for coverage if they have pre-existing conditions. These provisions were not surprising, and they reflected conservative views on health insurance policy. But perhaps because of Trump's promises that all Americans would get coverage that was better than Obamacare, Republicans throughout the Obamacare repeal process insisted that they were not actually cutting Medicaid or loosening rules on insurance policies.
On taxes, Republican orthodoxy calls for making cuts — on corporations, small businesses, estates, people of all income brackets — as reflected in Wednesday's tax plan outline. That combination of policies will tend to tilt tax cut benefits toward the wealthy, since low-income people aren't usually paying as much in federal income taxes. But Trump in particular seems determined to sell this tax policy as one benefiting the middle class and not the rich.
Miscasting the plan on offer was politically problematic during the health care process. It effectively forced Republicans to criticize the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office as it repeatedly released analyses of the repeal proposals contradicting GOP rhetoric. That phenomenon led to the unusual viral spectacle of comedian Jimmy Kimmel accusing the author of one of the Obamacare repeal bills of lying to him about the legislation.
5. Setting unrealistic timelines
Remember how Obamacare repeal would pass Congress in early January and be signed by Trump on his first day in office? Now, Trump aides reportedly think that tax reform can be passed by the House by the end of October, and the president's legislative director publicly suggested that Trump would sign this provision into law by the end of the year.
The idea that America's tax policy will be overhauled in two months seems very optimistic — a kind of time pressure that was not overly helpful to Republicans in the health care process.
None of this is to say that Republicans can't pass some kind of major tax overhaul in the next few months or early next year. Tax reform has the potential to be simply a party-line issue, like the Supreme Court nomination of Neil Gorsuch, where Democratic opposition didn't transform the vote into a huge national controversy. And I don't expect the left to be as organized in opposing a bill largely made up of tax cuts, rather than one that takes away billions of dollars from Medicaid while gutting one of President Obama's signature achievements.
That said, the start to tax reform seems awfully similar to the start of Obamacare repeal.
Image copyright UoT Image caption Canadian universities are promising overseas students a warmer welcome than the US
Canadian universities are seeing a surge in applications from overseas students, with the country's liberal, migrant-friendly image appearing to be an important attraction.
Students who might once have headed for the United States now seem to be reconsidering and seeing Canada as a North American alternative.
The University of Toronto, one of Canada's top-ranked universities, has seen interest rising sharply, including a 57% increase in applications from India.
This interest has converted into acceptances, says the university - with an overall 20% increase in overseas students accepting places for the autumn.
Wilfrid Laurier University says it has had a 32% increase in overseas students and McMaster University has seen an annual rise of 33%.
This is a valuable market, with overseas students bringing in tuition fees and local spending power. A study last week suggested that overseas students were worth $36bn (£28bn) per year to the US economy.
Tolerant image
But Canadian universities are seizing an opportunity from the Trump administration in the US and the Brexit vote in the UK to present themselves as a more outward-looking alternative.
There are more than 350,000 overseas students already in Canada, with research from the Canadian Bureau for International Education suggesting that the image of a "tolerant and non-discriminatory society" is a major attraction.
Image copyright UoT Image caption The University of Toronto has promoted a more inclusive image
Perception is a powerful force in this market and Canadian universities are contrasting their warmer welcome to international students with the tough messages on immigration being transmitted by the Trump administration.
The University of Montreal has set up its own travel fund for its international students who would once have attended conferences in the US, but now face difficulties getting into the country.
An Iranian student who says he spent two hours being "interrogated" at a US airport was among those who would be funded to go to conferences elsewhere.
International cities
Professor Ted Sargent, responsible for the University of Toronto's international outreach, says the response of overseas students to such changes in the US has been to "go back to first principles".
"Events in the US and the UK have reverberated around the world," he says. "It makes people go back and think again."
Image copyright UoT Image caption Canada is challenging the traditional student destinations of the US and the UK
Canada can offer top-ranked universities, he says, but the country is also sending a "message about being open to the world".
Prof Sargent says that half of the population of Toronto is non-Canadian born and that Canada's strategy has been to "attract the brightest and the best" from around the world.
A spokeswoman for the University of Montreal says: "Of course, it is also difficult to ignore what is going on south of our border.
"The US political climate might indeed be one reason why more students are choosing to come to Montreal and Canada generally."
The idea of an "open and welcoming city" has a strong appeal to students coming to Montreal, she says.
"They can have a North American study experience here, in a safe environment."
Best student city
This year saw Montreal getting top place in the QS Best Student Cities rankings, replacing Paris which had been in first place for the four previous years.
Among the measures were Montreal's access to employers, safety, pollution, desirability for student life and sense of tolerance.
Another advantage for this part of Canada is that it can offer courses in both English and French.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Montreal is this year's top-ranked city for students
There is also a rising stream of US students heading to Canada.
Apart from any political considerations, those heading over the border will also be attracted by tuition fees, which can be cheaper for US students than studying at home, even at overseas student rates.
But the US university system remains a powerful magnet for overseas students, with numbers rising to more than a million students last year, with almost 330,000 from China alone.
This annual increase, up by about 7% in 2016, was valued as being worth another £3bn to the US economy.
Global education
Ideas for the Global education series? Get in touch.
There have been fears in US universities that recruitment will be much tougher this year.
But a snapshot survey of US university admissions, published by the New York-based Institute of International Education, claimed overseas recruitment was holding up better than expected.
Nonetheless there is a distinct trend. Since 2001, the US's global share of the international student market has slipped from 28% to 22%. Canada, which barely registered in 2001, is now up to 8%, behind the UK and Australia on 11%.
Canada, promising a safer and friendlier version of the North American university experience, is snapping at the heels of its rivals.
Transcript Opening Your Heart to God's Favor What exactly is the favor of God? How do you receive God's favor? Is it possible to “live” in the favor of God? Can you be a child of God, a Christian, and NOT live in His favor?
The dictionary describes favor as Approval, Support, Kindness, Esteem, and even Unfair Partiality.
If I asked you, do you want God's approval? His support? His blessing? What about His kindness, esteem, and unfair partiality? I believe your answer would be, “YES!” Of course I do! We all do!
But the sad truth is that most people don't live in a place of God's favor. And many live their lives outside the favor of God not really understanding what the favor of God is or how to receive it.
TURN
Understanding how the favor of God works is one of the most important lessons you can learn in life. But if you don't understand God's character, you won't understand His favor.
God is not some cosmic being far out in the universe, disengaged from the cares and concerns of your life. He loves you. He cares about you. And He can be as close to you as the breath you breathe.
Luke 11:11-13 says,
“Now suppose one of you fathers is asked by his son for a fish; he will not give him a snake instead of a fish, will he? " Or if he is asked for an egg, he will not give him a scorpion, will he? If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who ask Him?"
As much as your earthly father may love you, your Heavenly Father loves you more…so much more. Your Heavenly Father longs to give you good gifts. He longs to bless you. He longs to show you kindness and approval.
You see, when you open your heart to God's wisdom and favor, everything else in your life is impacted. Not only will He reenergize your spiritual life, but there will be a transformation of your health, finances, and relationships as well.
TURN
Thanks for spending a few minutes with me today. I hope you'll come back tomorrow and each day for this series on God's favor, because I'm convinced that you can experience His supernatural favor in your life.
God bless you!
Living in the Favor of God Experiencing God's favor is one of life's most important blessings. Why then do so many people miss out on the amazing life God wants them to have? David Cerullo answers vital questions like these: What exactly is the favor of God? How do you receive more of His favor? Can you be a child of God, a Christian, and NOT live in His favor? David provides you with practical, life-changing steps you can take today to experience a new level of God's supernatural favor and blessings. More Video Series
GALEWOOD — My own guilt made it hard not to cringe when the pictures showed up in my inbox.
The snapshots of a forest of dandelions — those hated flowering weeds that choke front lawns and spread their seeds on puffy white pillows caught in the wind — showed every homeowner's landscaping nightmare.
Even though the photos were not of my front yard, I was hit with pangs of guilt because I should have weeded my own front lawn garden weeks ago.
"Footlong dandelions all over," wrote the unhappy neighbor who sent the pictures. "The Worst on the block. … I don't know what's worse, the front yard or the back."
The dandelion tattletale said he sent the pictures because the dandelions and tall grass grow on the front lawn of a prominent Chicagoan who prides himself on regular-guy sensibilities — Gov. Pat Quinn.
I drove out to the governor's West Side home to confirm that the front lawn of Quinn's modest Georgian — on a quiet residential block of tidy lawns in Galewood — indeed was the same house with the weed-choked lawn in the pictures. As proof, I took a few artsy photos that proved the tipster right.
Generally, I'm all for calling out politicians on their mistakes, shortfalls and failures.
But at first it just didn't feel right to pick on Gov. Quinn for letting his lawn go while my own front yard suffers from a dandelion problem.
The neighborhood tattletale — a Democrat who's no fan of Quinn's Republican opponent in the November election — suggested I would be doing him and his a neighbor a solid by outing the governor's shortfalls in landscaping.
"Work it into a column," he said. "Maybe he'll get his lawn mowed."
Politics aside, there's no getting around the fact that having an unkempt front yard is one of those things that's almost guaranteed to really tick off your neighbors.
While the state of Gov. Quinn's front lawn isn't a story of political importance, it has become the source of neighborhood aggravation enough for a neighbor to send iPhone photos to a reporter.
I know that that overgrown front lawns and gardens can have an adverse effect on neighbor-to-neighbor relations and the quality of life on any given block.
In fact, as a guy guilty of having a dandelion-filled front garden of his own — who also gets aggravated by the weeds growing in the front yard next door — I'm sure of it.
That's what helped me decide not to let the governor off the hook for having the worst lawn on the block.
I called Quinn's office to inform the governor that his front yard dandelion forest in Galewood had become a source of a neighbor's aggravation.
Quinn's spokeswoman, Brooke Anderson, took the issue seriously.
She told me that Gov. Quinn was a very good neighbor, but he's been very busy finishing up the legislative session in Springfield.
Tending to the front lawn, Anderson said, was definitely "on his to-do list."
I've resolved to put it on mine, too.
And if you — like Gov. Quinn and me — have a front lawn with a serious weed problem, I highly recommend you take care of it as soon as possible, or once the legislative session is over, whichever comes first.
Your frustrated neighbors will thank you.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
A quick-thinking cop saved the life of a man in downtown Brooklyn, authorities said.
A distraught woman approached Officer Kenia Marte about 1:35 p.m. Jan. 22 while she was driving her sergeant on Schermerhorn and Nevins Street, cops said at a 76th precinct community council meeting yesterday.
When Marte reached the 53-year-old, he couldn't speak and was convulsing—but had two pills of nitroglycerin in his hand, which is used to treat heart conditions.
“She knew exactly what to do,” said Captain Jeffrey Schiff at the meeting.
Marte placed the medication under the man's tongue, and began to administer CPR, while her sergeant called for an ambulance, authorities said.
FDNY paramedics responded, and gave him CPR until the patient reached Long Island College Hospital, where he stabilized, cops said.
Marte was recognized at the 76th precinct community council meeting yesterday for her life-saving work, where she was honored as the command's cop of the month. She has five years on the job.
The Hulk Is Getting A Standalone Marvel Story, According To Mark Ruffalo By Conner Schwerdtfeger Random Article Blend
Sitting down with
I'd love to do a Hulk movie, but that's beyond my control. It's controlled by Universal [Pictures]. Marvel doesn't even hold the rights to it. So, it's not on the horizon. And I don't know if it will be. But we have worked a really interesting arc into Thor 3, Avengers 3 and 4 for Banner that I think will – when it's all added up – will feel like a Hulk movie, a standalone movie.
So the rights for the character's solo outings belong to Universal, meaning that while neither Banner nor Hulk will take center stage any time soon, Marvel hasn't forgotten about the character's popularity. If anything, this shows a level of increased complexity for the Marvel Cinematic Universe, as they are moving away from the idea of solo, self-contained adventures in order to plant plot threads that will pay off over a period of time. As Ruffalo says, the character has already been confirmed to appear in
We've seen these sorts of tactics work well before. While
If anything, the lack of a solo Hulk film should be considered a blessing by fans of the giant green rage monster. Although the character won't get a singular solo outing, his presence will permeate three MCU films during Marvel's Phase 3. By the time the final battle with Thanos has come to a close, audiences will have seen a definitive, satisfying arc for the beloved, misunderstood Avenger. SOunds better, right? Despite his popularity with audiences, Bruce Banner a.k.a The Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) has experienced a pretty rough on-screen life throughout the run of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The character has become a primary fixture in the MCU, but hasn't starred in a solo film since 2008's The Incredible Hulk . Many fans seemed shocked when the Phase 3 movie lineup revealed that Marvel had no plans for a Hulk solo film in the near future; however, that doesn't mean the character won't be integral to the universe.Sitting down with Yahoo Movies , Ruffalo explained that while Hulk won't receive a standalone movie anytime soon, the character would undergo a major arc throughout Phase 3, amounting to his own standalone story. Ruffalo explained:So the rights for the character's solo outings belong to Universal, meaning that while neither Banner nor Hulk will take center stage any time soon, Marvel hasn't forgotten about the character's popularity. If anything, this shows a level of increased complexity for the Marvel Cinematic Universe, as they are moving away from the idea of solo, self-contained adventures in order to plant plot threads that will pay off over a period of time. As Ruffalo says, the character has already been confirmed to appear in Thor: Ragnarok Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 and Avengers: Infinity War Part 2 . That's more Hulk across more movies than any Marvel Phase has seen thus far.We've seen these sorts of tactics work well before. While Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) have yet to get their own standalone movies – which they totally deserve – the characters have still undergone major changes in terms of personality and motivation as the Marvel Cinematic Universe has pressed forward. From a plot perspective, some characters work better when viewed from the sideline; Marvel seems to think that Hulk represents one of those characters. One could argue that it's an incredibly smart move on Marvel's part because it gives them more time to flesh out Banner and his violent, green alter ego over the course of several movies. If they had to pack an arc into a single film, the character would be left with nowhere to go by the time the film had ended.If anything, the lack of a solo Hulk film should be considered a blessing by fans of the giant green rage monster. Although the character won't get a singular solo outing, his presence will permeate three MCU films during Marvel's Phase 3. By the time the final battle with Thanos has come to a close, audiences will have seen a definitive, satisfying arc for the beloved, misunderstood Avenger. SOunds better, right? 10 Marvel and DC Characters Who Will Steal The Show in 2019 Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
The Home Office is calling it "a landmark Bill which sets out and governs the powers available to the police, security and intelligence agencies to gather and access electronic communications." It will ensure agencies "have the powers they need in a digital age to disrupt terrorist attacks, subject to strict safeguards and world-leading oversight," the Home Office says.
"This Government is clear that, at a time of heightened security threat, it is essential our law enforcement, security and intelligence services have the powers they need to keep people safe," Home Secretary Amber Rudd added. "The Investigatory Powers Act is world-leading legislation that provides unprecedented transparency and substantial privacy protection."
One of the most controversial provisions of the Act allows the government to force communication service providers like ISPs and mobile carriers to store the Internet Connection Records (ICRs) of users for 12 months. ICRs are top-level data about your internet usage -- websites you've accessed, for example, but not the individual pages you visited under that domain (so, just engadget.com). They also cover the metadata of online communications, like who, when and where someone used WhatsApp or another messaging service, but not the content of conversations. Just as important, numerous government departments and agencies will be able to access that data without a warrant.
Several of the more serious powers will require two independent forms of authorisation before they are deemed both necessary and proportionate to an investigation. Indiscriminate, bulk data collection including the content of communications, for instance, and state-sponsored hacking, known as equipment interference.
Not every provision in the bill will come into force immediately, though, the Home Office has said, as they "will require extensive testing and will not be in place for some time." The Home Office is still "developing plans for implementing the provisions in the Bill and will set out the timetable in due course." The systems required for the collection and storage of ICRs, for example, could take years to build, according to communications service providers consulted during the bill's debate stages.
The Investigatory Powers Bill has been debated at length since the first draft was published this time last year, and privacy advocates have taken a dim view of the powers since day one. Only recently has the bill interested much of the general public, though, with a petition to repeal the bill started just after it passed through the House of Lords. At the time of writing, the petition is approaching 135,000 signatures, but as the Investigatory Powers Bill has now received royal assent, it's too little too late.
The federal government should take a broader role in helping to fund Canadian journalism, according to the report of the standing committee on Canadian heritage released on Thursday. Now, an association representing newspapers has put a dollar figure on that assistance: $350-million per year.
News Media Canada on Friday submitted its own set of recommendations to Heritage Minister Mélanie Joly as she mulls possible changes to the policies she oversees. Echoing the committee's report, News Media Canada asked for the Canada Periodical Fund to be expanded to include daily newspapers and free community newspapers, but went further in recommending how the fund could be expanded from the $74-million allocated to publishers in 2015-16.
The group is asking for the creation of a Canadian journalism fund that would finance 35 per cent of newsroom costs, based on the number of journalists employed there – not including executive compensation, non-editorial costs such as interest payments, or journalist salaries above $85,000.
Story continues below advertisement
Part of creating a funding model for journalism involves defining what journalism is, and the group also has a suggestion on that: Eligible publications should regularly cover democratic institutions, and be produced by employees in Canada, and owned by Canadians. Funding should not go to "advertorials" or other "sponsored content," the group said, nor should it go to magazines or newspapers that are "produced primarily for industrial, corporate or institutional purposes." The group also recommends an independent body could review cases Heritage deemed ineligible.
"We're not looking for a bailout of poorly run companies," said Bob Cox, publisher of the Winnipeg Free Press and chair of News Media Canada. "That's why we wanted to tie [funding] to journalism jobs. Journalism is notoriously difficult to define. What we wanted to say was, there is a purpose for news: to inform communities about themselves."
The question remains, however, where this money would come from. Thursday's report included recommendations such as diverting revenue from the upcoming auction of wireless spectrum, and extending the tax deductions for advertisers on ad spending in Canadian publications to online ads purchased from Canadian platforms.
"The truth is there isn't a lot of room to manoeuvre," said Michael Geist, law professor and Canada Research Chair in Internet and E-commerce Law at the University of Ottawa. "There's not much appetite in government for creating new taxes. If the focus is on new financing, it's somewhat limited."
The situation is complicated by the fact that many digital ads bought on Canadian sites still go through the ad-buying mechanisms of foreign companies, primarily Google.
Furthermore, some have raised ethical questions about whether it is appropriate for government to finance journalism.
"A true free and independent press must be free of any government interference or entanglement (even if it comes in the form of 'support' which means a press dependent upon government and inevitably beholden to it)," the Conservatives said in a dissenting opinion published within the report.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
This could be managed with a governance structure that would provide some distance and oversight between government forces and the organizations to which they allocate funding, suggested Howard Law, director of the media sector for Unifor, a union representing about 12,000 members of the print, broadcast and filmmaking industries, including employees of The Globe and Mail.
"There's the CBC example to point to: You've had public support of the public broadcaster for years," he said.
The dissenting report also pointed to the rise of social media that allow people to inform themselves and to engage in citizen journalism, including Facebook groups.
"A reporter at city hall doesn't get replaced by people on social media who have an opinion on something," said Ian Koenigsfest, president of the Radio Television Digital News Association. "There still needs to be the delivery of local news with journalistic integrity."
Digital media have transformed not just where advertising money flows, but also how advertisers think about where they put it. They used to place ads in certain publications or on certain programs on the assumption that they would reach the right audiences there, but digital targeting has fragmented that spending. Now, marketers' budgets are scattered across the Web as they attempt to find people more precisely, following them where they go. It is not clear that a tax incentive could change that.
"Advertisers spend not because they get a tax break; they go where the ads are most effective. And the most effective place is where people are," Prof. Geist said.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Update (12:14 p.m. EST): Israel starts its saber rattling: Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch didn't mention Iran by name in his comments on state radio Tuesday, but he threatened revenge for the Bangkok attack, according to CBS: "We know who carried out the terror attacks, we know who sent them, and Israel will settle the score with them."
Update (9:27 a.m. EST): Israeli defense minister Ehud Barak accused Iran of being behind the bombing, saying the incident "proves once again that Iran and its proxies continue to perpetrate terror," according to the Associated Press.
Update (8:28 a.m. EST): The Associated Press has a few more details about the incident, confirming via the Thai authorities that the man was an Iranian named Saeid Moradi, and that a second Iranian man has been arrested at the Bangkok airport apparently on his way to Malaysia -- though the second man's involvement in the blasts hasn't been confirmed. The latest report says a cache of explosives went off in Moradi's house, after which he and two other foreigners tried to escape. When a taxi wouldn't pick up the blood-soaked Moradi, "He then threw an explosive at the taxi and began running," the AP reports. When police came, he tried to throw a grenade at them, but it reportedly bounced back and blew off his legs.
House of Commons Speaker Andrew Scheer was a client of the firm linked to calls in Irwin Cotler's riding that falsely claimed he was about to step down, Elections Canada records show.
Cotler asked Scheer to rule on whether the calls breached his parliamentary privilege, interfering in his ability to do his work as an MP. Cotler said his office was forced to deal with calls and emails from people in his Montreal riding wondering whether it was true. He also argued it made Parliament as a whole look bad, breaching privilege for all parliamentarians.
Scheer ruled Tuesday that he didn't have the authority as Speaker to deal with calls made without using parliamentary resources, and ruled that there was no case on the face of Cotler's arguments for a breach of privilege.
Conservative MPs defended the calls as protected under free speech and a legitimate means to identify potential voters for the next election in 2015.
He said the calls were "reprehensible" and a "questionable" way to try to identify potential supporters.
Cotler says the calls were traced to Campaign Research, a firm with links to the Conservative Party.
Records submitted to Elections Canada by Scheer's campaign show he wrote cheques worth $8198.79 to Campaign Research.
Scheer didn't mention in the ruling that he had used the firm's services.
Cotler said procedural rules prevented him from commenting on whether Scheer should have disclosed that he'd hired Campaign Research in his own riding, but pointed to a rule in the book that guides House procedure.
"If you look to page 313 ... of O'Brien and Bosc, it says that the speaker has an obligation to be impartial and to appear to be impartial. More than that, I can't comment by way of response," Cotler said.
A spokeswoman for Scheer says Campaign Research is a supplier like any other and was publicly disclosed in his election expenses.
"Speaker Scheer's ruling, like all Speakers' rulings, are based on parliamentary practice and precedents," Heather Bradley said in a statement.
Scheer was elected as a Conservative MP for Regina-Qu'Appelle, but as Speaker doesn't attend caucus meetings or vote in the House.
'These things won't happen again'
Cotler says a number of Conservatives have expressed regret or said they had nothing to do with the phone calls in his riding and he believes them.
"They not only expressed honest regret but indicated to me that these things won't happen again," he said.
Cotler wouldn't say who told him privately that those types of calls wouldn't happen again, but said they are people of authority inside the government.
But he still wants to hear a public declaration that it was wrong and won't be repeated.
"I appreciated the members who have come over to me from the Conservative Party and I have a fair number of friends in that party…We're public servants serving the same cause," Cotler said.
Liberal House Leader Marc Garneau says Scheer was one of 39 Conservative candidates who used Campaign Research and may not have known he had used their services.
"I will give Mr. Scheer, the speaker of the House, the benefit of the doubt in his judgment," he said.
"I think he tried to do his work in an impartial way."
The Burj Dubai – Arabic for Dubai Tower – opened on Jan. 4, at a supposed height of 2,717 feet. Construction began on September 21, 2004, with the exterior of the structure completed on October 1, 2009.
Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, LLP (Chicago) are listed as the architect and engineer of record. Bill Baker, the Chief Structural Engineer for the project, invented the buttressed core structural system in order to enable the tower to achieve such heights economically. Adrian Smith, who worked with Skidmore, Owings and Merrill (SOM) until 2006, was the Design Partner on the project. Turner Construction Company was selected as the construction project manager. Under UAE law, the Contractor and the Engineer of Record are jointly and severally liable for the performance of Burj Dubai. Therefore, by adoption of SOM's design and by being appointed as Architect and Engineer of Record, Hyder Consulting is legally the Design Consultant for the tower.
The total budget for the Burj Khalifa project is about US $1.5 billion; and for the entire new “Downtown Dubai”, US $20 billion. The metal-and-glass spire is touted as a “vertical city” of luxury apartments and offices. It boasts four swimming pools, a private library and a hotel designed by Giorgio Armani.
According to the Burj's developers, they are “confident in the safety of the tower, which is more than twice the height of New York's Empire State Building's roof. Greg Sang, Emaar's director of projects, said the Burj has ‘refuge floors' at 25 to 30 story intervals that are more fire resistant and have separate air supplies in case of emergency. And its reinforced concrete structure, he said, makes it stronger than steel-frame skyscrapers.”
Engineer Baker reported that the Burj developer continued to push the design higher even after construction began, eventually putting it about 984 feet taller than its nearest competitor. This push came from Dubai's determination to “reshape itself into a cosmopolitan urban giant packed with skyscrapers.”
How tall is too tall for a building? How complicated is too complicated for a bridge? What do you think?
By Carol A. Metzner
President, The Metzner Group, LLC and
Managing Partner, A/E/P Central, LLC home of CivilEngineeringCentral.com
AP photo/Kamran Jebreili
How to Set up Android Emulator in flow.ci
flow.ci Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 20, 2016
This is a quick guide to setting up a build flow with Android emulator in flow.ci. In the current example, we use flow.ci's Android Emulator plugin to launch the emulator where multiple Android SDK versions and CPUs are available to select. To execute tests we also need to add the connectedCheck command to the default script of the build plugin. (This post has been updated, the original example contained a flow using the Custom Script plugin.)
Lets get started!
Set up an Android project in flow.ci. If you have already read our Continuous Deployment for Android guideline or you just simply know how to do it, please jump ahead to step 7.
Click create project.
2. Choose your version control system provider.
3. Select a repository.
4. Click to create your (first) flow.
5. Select Android. When you select Android, the corresponding default workflow will be added automatically.
6. Select JDK version and finish creating the project by clicking create.
7. Add a new step by clicking on the plus sign on the borderline of an existing step. Make sure that the Android Emulator plugin comes before the Build plugin.
8. Select the Android Emulator plugin from the plugin list.
9. Select Android SDK version.
10. Select Android CPU.
The default Build plugin does not include the test suite execution command, therefore you need to do a simple edit to be able to run your tests.
11. Add a Custom Script plugin by clicking on the plus sign after the Build step and selecting it from the plugin list.
The newly added Custom Script plugin is empty. (If you don't make any changes to it, it won't affect your flow.)
12. After adding the Custom Script plugin, go back to the original Build plugin and copy the content of the black box. Paste this to the black box in the Custom Script plugin then add the “connectedCheck” command to the last line following the build command. (hint: green box). Optionally, you can rename the plugin by clicking on the title line and modifying the text there. It might sound obvious, but name the step (plugin) in a descriptive way, so in the future, you can remember what that step does without clicking into it. When you are done click save.
13. Remove the default Build plugin from the flow. To do this, go back to the default Build step and click on the red dustbin button.
Congratulations! Your flow is ready to rock!
Trigger a build and ideally, you should see something like this.
Happy Building!
flow.ci team
flow.ci is a hosted continuous integration and delivery service, designed for teams who need a flexible and scalable solution but prefer not to maintain their own infrastructure. In flow.ci, development pipelines or automation workflows are simply called flows. In a flow, every step is a plugin that can be added by two clicks. You can add as many steps to your flow as you need, and there is no time limit on builds.
An­thony Wein­er on Wed­nes­day was caught on cam­era after en­ga­ging in an ex­plos­ive de­bate with a Brook­lyn voter, but the ini­tial video edit re­lease left out a key part of the ex­change — and one that paints Wein­er as the fight's more sym­path­et­ic fig­ure.
New foot­age of the al­ter­ca­tion, re­leased by the Wein­er cam­paign, in­cludes a clip of the voter launch­ing a ra­cist at­tack at Wein­er, who was at a cam­paign stop in a Brook­lyn deli.
“You're mar­ried to an Ar­ab,” the voter says.
While the word “Ar­ab” is not in it­self derog­at­ory, com­ing in con­text, it is clear that the voter makes men­tion of Wein­er's mar­riage as an in­sult. Wein­er is mar­ried to Huma Abedin, a long­time aide to former Sec­ret­ary of State Hil­lary Rod­ham Clin­ton.
The un­cut video, re­leased by the Wein­er cam­paign, in­clud­ing the anti-Ar­ab re­mark:
Un­titled; from An­thony­Wein­er on Vimeo.
The ori­gin­al video, be­gin­ning shortly after the re­mark:
New York City may­or­al can­did­ate Wein­er called a voter a “jack­ass” at a Brook­lyn deli Wed­nes­day, and the con­ver­sa­tion got weirder from there.
The con­front­a­tion began while Wein­er was leav­ing a cam­paign stop. A voter shouted something in­aud­ible at the scan­dal-prone former con­gress­man, who shot back, “It takes one to know one, jack­ass.”
Wein­er then reentered the deli to con­front the voter, a middle-aged man, who ripped in­to Wein­er over his mar­it­al in­dis­cre­tions and un­con­ven­tion­al use of Twit­ter.
Wein­er, chew­ing throughout the ex­change, replied that the voter had no right to judge him, telling him re­peatedly that “you are not my God.”
The voter countered, “You're fine. You talk to God and work out your prob­lems, but stay out of the pub­lic eye.”
Tem­pers and voices rose on both sides, and the dis­cus­sion con­tin­ued for sev­er­al minutes as the two, fre­quently in­ter­rupt­ing each oth­er, sparred over ques­tions of judg­ment and com­munity ser­vice.
Wein­er then ex­ited the deli, telling re­port­ers: “I don't back down.”
It started with a $28,000 bet on UConn to beat Villanova. The same gambler followed with a second bet on the same game, this one $62,000 on the Huskies to upset the Wildcats.
After UConn polished off Villanova late Saturday night, the anonymous bettor was rewarded with a ticket for $228,431.17. And he's pressing.
The anonymous gambler is all in on UConn tonight. It's utter madness.
All bets were placed at the William Hill sports book inside the Hooters Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. William Hill media relations director Michael Grodsky confirmed that the bettor has put all $228,431.17 on UConn at +110 odds to beat Iowa State straight-up. If the Huskies win, the bettor will collect $250,000 on top of his previous winnings.
William Hill sports director Nick Bogdanovich said this was the first time he had dealt with the patron, and Grodsky said the heavily-invested UConn fan had no interest in talking to the media.
“That's a man-sized bet,” said Bogdanovich. “I've been in the business 25 years and haven't seen too many people request to bet that kind of money. It's the biggest bet I've ever taken on college basketball.”
The seventh-seeded Huskies were around +160 underdogs to 2-seed Villanova. UConn won 77-65, pulling away late to give the gambler a big payday. William Hill isn't known for taking the biggest bets in Vegas. But during the rush of the first week of the NCAA tournament, Bogdanovich says he didn't hesitate to approve both of the bettor's money line bets on UConn. When the bettor decided to let it all ride, however, Bogdanovich called his boss, William Hill CEO Joe Asher.
“We talked it over and decided to let him go for it,” said Bogdanovich. “It's not life or death for us, but we'd sure like to win the bet.”
Sunday, March 30 Update: Multiple sources say the UConn bettor did not wager again on the Huskies versus Michigan State on Sunday. William Hill also told ESPN's Darren Rovell that the patron did not return after the Iowa State game.
William Hill in Vegas tells me UConn bettor who won $250K on $ line vs Iowa State did not come back for today's game — darren rovell (@darrenrovell) March 30, 2014
Saturday Update: There have been several unconfirmed reports that the same bettor has placed more big money-line bets on UConn at other Vegas books. John Avello, executive director of the Wynn sports book, said he took some “good-sized money-line bets on the Huskies, but not six figures.” Jay Rood, VP of MGM Race & Sports, also said his shop took a couple of six-figure money-line bets on UConn. No one could confirm if it these bets came from the same patron.
President Trump on Thursday said he was thinking of “this Russia thing with Trump” when he decided to fire FBI Director James B. Comey, who had been leading the counterintelligence investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election.
Recounting his decision to dismiss Comey, Trump told NBC News, “In fact, when I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said, ‘You know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story, it's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won.'”
Trump's account flatly contradicts the White House's initial account of how the president arrived at his decision, undercutting public denials by his aides that the move was influenced in any way by his growing fury with the ongoing Russia probe.
Later in the same interview, Trump said he had no intention of trying to stop or hinder the FBI's Russia probe, which is examining whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russians to influence the election. Trump also said he wants the probe “to be absolutely done properly.”
“I want that to be so strong and so good,” Trump told NBC anchor Lester Holt. He added, “I want to get to the bottom. If Russia hacked, if Russia did anything having to do with our election, I want to know about it.”
Trump's account of his decision to fire Comey — whom he denigrated as “a showboat” and “a grandstander” — exposes the explanations made over the previous 48 hours by White House officials, including Vice President Pence, as misleading and in some cases false.
[Inside Trump's anger and impatience — and his decision to fire Comey]
Initially, Trump aides had said the president fired Comey simply at the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein, who wrote a memorandum detailing what he considered to be Comey's flawed handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state.
In media appearances, administration officials repeatedly highlighted Rosenstein's reputation of integrity and bipartisan appeal, effectively using his independence as a shield against criticism that Comey's firing was politically motivated by the president.
Officials insisted that Trump's decision was not shaped in any way by his growing fury with the Russia controversy. Trump has publicly called the ongoing probes by the FBI, as well as the Senate and House, “a total hoax” and “a taxpayer charade.”
But Trump made clear in Thursday's interview that Russia indeed was on his mind. And he said Sessions and Rosenstein's recommendations did not prompt his decision.
“I was going to fire Comey,” Trump told Holt. “Oh, I was going to fire regardless of recommendation.”
(Bastien Inzaurralde,Alice Li,Jayne Orenstein/The Washington Post)
The White House on Thursday struggled to explain its evolving and contradictory accounts of Trump's decisionmaking process.
“Nobody was left in the dark,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the principal deputy White House press secretary, insisted at Thursday's press briefing. She added, “It was a quick-moving process. We took the information we had as best we had it, and got it out to the American people as quickly as we could.”
In interview, Trump also detailed three conversations he said he had with Comey about the Russia investigation. The president said the FBI director assured him in each discussion that he was not under investigation — once at a White House dinner when Comey was seeking to remain in his post and again in two phone calls. Trump said Comey initiated one of the calls.
“I said, ‘If it's possible, would you let me know am I under investigation?' He said, ‘You are not under investigation,''' Trump said.
In offering more details about an assertion he made when firing Comey on Tuesday—that Comey had repeatedly assured him he was not under investigation—the president raised new questions about his conduct toward the ongoing FBI probe into whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russia to meddle with last year's presidential election.
Trump has repeatedly criticized that investigation, calling it a waste of taxpayer money, and denied he has any ties to Russia.
“There's no collusion between me and my campaign and the Russians,” Trump told Holt.
[Senate Democrats demands answers to Rosenstein about Comey firing]
Democrats have called for the appointment of a special counsel to investigate the matter without the threat of political interference.
In the NBC interview, Trump said Comey came to eat dinner with him at the White House. “I think he asked for the dinner. . . . And he wanted to stay at the FBI, and I said I'll, you know, consider and see what happens … But we had a very nice dinner, and at that time he told me, ‘You are not under investigation.' ''
The exchange as described by the president is remarkable since he said the FBI director was discussing an ongoing investigation with the president — something Justice Department policy generally prohibits — at the same time Comey was seeking assurances he would remain in his job.
Current and former officials said Trump's description of statements by Comey is not accurate, but they declined to elaborate. Legal experts also expressed doubts about Trump's account.
“I just can't even begin to think about that comment being true,'' said Michael Greenberger, a law professor at the University of Maryland who has previously worked in the Justice Department. “It defies belief in general because of the practices of not commenting on investigations, and it would especially defy belief in the case of Comey who prides himself on strict observance of propriety.''
Greenberger noted the implication of Trump's statement is severe – that Comey may have offered that assurance to try to ingratiate himself with the president and remain in his job. “I just have a very hard time imagining that,'' he said, though he added he also didn't think Trump simply asking that question came close to a criminal act of trying to obstruct the investigation.
The federal law against obstruction of justice is broadly worded but in practice, prosecutors have a high bar for bringing charges that someone “corruptly or by threats or force, or by any threatening letter or communication'' attempts to “influence, obstruct, or impede the due administration of justice.'' Generally, such cases are only brought when prosecutors have clear evidence of the underlying motive behind a person's actions.
[Acting FBI director vows to tell Congress if White House undermines Russia probe]
White House spokeswoman Sanders would not provide further details about the conversations between Trump and Comey, such as when they occurred and whether all three were after the president's Jan. 20 inauguration. She said commentary by legal experts on cable news showed there had been no conflict of interest with Trump asking the FBI director whether he was the subject of the Russia probe.
Robert Chesney, a University of Texas law professor who specializes in national security and constitutional issues, said that even assuming Trump's account is accurate, “legally speaking, I don't think that crosses any lines.''
At base it is a more political issue than legal, he said. Offering a more extreme hypothetical—that Trump began firing anyone involved in the investigation—that could come closer to obstruction of justice. But then it would be a matter for Congress to act. “Our system is designed so that impeachment is the remedy,'' he said. “But the fact pattern you'd need is something more Nixonian.”
FBI directors are appointed for 10-year terms, and Comey had been on the job less than four years. A president may fire an FBI director at any time for any reason, but it is very rare to do so because of the potential political blowback if the White House is perceived to be interfering with federal law enforcement work.
Comey's temporary replacement, Andrew McCabe, told senators at a hearing Thursday morning that no White House officials had tried to interfere with the Russia probe.
In the interview, Trump said he fired Comey because he had mismanaged the FBI and was an attention-seeker.
“Look, he's a showboat, he's a grandstander,” the president said. “The FBI has been in turmoil. You know that. I know that. Everybody knows that. You take a look at the FBI a year ago, it was in virtual turmoil, less than a year ago. It hasn't recovered from that.”
Robert Barnes contributed to this report.
Now that all of the Athletes own a 3DS, it makes it much easier to cover our bases when it comes to new releases on the handheld. Bravely Default is a game that would have been covered even if only one of us had played it, as it targets fans of the older Final Fantasy games. It blends the old school feel of turn based combat and excellent Final Fantasy-esque job system, with more modern amenities like auto saves, great graphics, and street pass integration; throw in the Brave and Default system to add another level of strategy to combat, and you have the makings of a great RPG.
Teasers
- Democracy 3, The Banner Saga, Titanfall beta, Max Payne 3, Battleblock Theater, Final Fantasy 6, Fire Emblem: Awakening
Nibble Bits 00:02:30
Dan: Xbox One getting a media remote
Corey: You can play Pokémon on Twitch through Twitch Commands
Will: The Evil Within comes out August 26th
Eric: Ken Levine is closing down Irrational Studios
Our Weeks 00:14:06
Eric: Gym Return, Hockey
Will: Hockey, Pretty Little Liars
Corey: Hockey, Gaming, French Girls
Dan: Skylanders, Kitchen Floor, Game Purchases
Main Segment 00:34:06
What We Played 01:01:56
Dan: Sleeping Dogs
Will: Titanfall Beta
Corey: Titanfall Beta, Fire Emblem: Awakening, Max Payne, Battleblock Theater, Final Fantasy 6
Eric: The Banner Saga, Democracy 3
Feedback 01:35:56
Roundtable 02:07:54
Will: Early Access Games
In 2011, Chioma Ubogagu arrived at Stanford and immediately sparked the Cardinal to its' first NCAA women's soccer championship.
Three years later, she is poised to lead the Cardinal to another one. Ubogagu is the most dynamic player on a Stanford team that is 6-0-1, ranked No. 4 and has beaten five ranked teams. It's also the only squad in the country that hasn't conceded a goal.
The 5-foot-6 senior forward is playing with an energy and imagination that is unique in college soccer. Her cutting and change of direction are swift and sudden, her skills nearly unparalleled. Put them together and you get a player who can rifle through a defense and set up herself and others for an open shot.
What's different is that Ubogagu is fully healthy and fully energized, in contrast to the previous two seasons when injuries and a long run to the 2012 FIFA Under-20 World Cup title took their toll mentally and physically.
Now a captain alongside fellow seniors Alex Doll and Lo'eau LaBonta, Ubogagu has taken ownership of the team, following in the footsteps of such recent Cardinal luminaries as Kelley O'Hara, Christen Press and Teresa Noyola -- all Hermann Trophy winners. She already has scored winners against two of the biggest programs in women's soccer, North Carolina (in overtime) and Portland, both in 1-0 victories on the road.
“More than anything, she's always been a talented player,” Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said. “But this year, her leadership of the entire team has been incredible. She's really been a leader by example, vocally, and off the field. She's creating a good atmosphere for the whole squad.”
Through seven matches, Ubogagu has three goals and one assist. But more importantly, her play seems pivotal to Stanford's fortunes.
“It's my senior year, I have one last shot at trying to get a national championship with this team,” she said. “I try to attack every game with that mindset. I want to do as much as I can.”
♦ ♦ ♦
“I still loved the game, and that's all I wanted to do”
♦ ♦ ♦
Ubogagu scored 10 goals and had 10 assists as a freshman, but totaled seven goals over the past two seasons. She doesn't have a big-time offensive threat like 20-goal scorer Lindsay Taylor joining her on the front line, like she had as a freshman. This year, Ubogagu is the focus both for her team and for opposing defenses.
She's an outstanding creator, and the threat of the pass gives the defense twice as much to be concerned about.
Creativity, after all, is what Ubogagu is all about. Her soccer origins trace back to her grandfather, Austin Eneuke, who played for the Nigerian national team and England's Tottenham Hotspurs. Chioma's parents moved from Nigeria to London for job opportunities, and that's where Chioma was born. In the language of the Igbo people, “Chioma” means, “in God's presence.” Her background has given her the choice to represent Nigeria or England in international play, as well as the U.S.
CHIOMA UBOGAGU CAREER STATS YEAR GP SHOTS GOALS ASSISTS POINTS 2014 6 25 3 1 7 2013 20 64 2 7 11 2012 18 56 5 11 21 2011 26 80 10 10 30 When Chioma was 3, her parents filed for divorce and Chioma along with her older brothers, Oggy and Okwus, moved to Texas where her mother, Tina, had a friend with a lead on a nursing job.
“My brothers played for their schools when we were in London,” Chioma said. “I always wanted to do what they did. And, when I came to the States, I still wanted to do what they did, except they got carried away with this thing called football [not futbol]. I still loved the game, and that's all I wanted to do.
“I never played with dolls,” she said. “I literally copied my brothers on anything. My mom loved it because she wouldn't have to worry about me. I would just be out of the house chasing them.”
One thing that's also important to know about Chioma, is that she's a fan of Arsenal, the London rival of her grandfather's Hotspurs. Not just a fan, but a fanatic.
Her fandom began as many team allegiances do, as a childhood choice that defies logic. As Chioma's father watched the Tottenham-Arsenal derby on TV one day, he commanded Okwus to “cheer for the team in white.” Naturally, Okwus chose the team in red: Arsenal. Chioma followed suit.
When the Stanford team had “jersey day” at practice, Chioma brought five Arsenal jerseys for her teammates to wear.
“Gunners for life,” she says emphatically.
♦ ♦ ♦
“Without him, there's no way my soccer
would have gone the way it has”
♦ ♦ ♦
In Copell, Texas, a suburb just north of the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, Ubogagu dominated area rec leagues. She appeared destined to step up to a more competitive level. However, Tina, a neonatal intensive care nurse raising three children as a single mom, did not have the understanding of local soccer hierarchy and didn't necessarily have the time to find out.
Ubogagu goes up for a header against Santa Clara. Ubogagu goes up for a header against Santa Clara. David Hansen, whose daughter played on a team led by Ubogagu, recognized Ubogagu's ability and was aware of the danger that she might not be given the opportunity to fulfill her potential.
Without prompting, he got the family's phone number and reached out to Tina, to convince her that he should take Chioma, along with his daughter, to a select club tryout. Tina had no idea who he was and ignored the message. However, Hansen was persistent, and after several months, finally reached her.
Your daughter's really good, he told her. She needs this opportunity. We can carpool, we can figure it out.
Tina agreed and Chioma not only made the club, the D'Feeters, but would lead it to two Texas-North State Cup titles, a U.S. Youth Soccer Association Region II championship and a 2010 third-place U-17 national finish.
“Without him, there's no way my soccer would have gone the way it has,” Ubogagu said.
With the D'Feeters, she came under the coaching of Skip Scarfone, who would become one of the biggest influences of her playing career.
“For the first hour or more, it would be strictly skills,” she said. “He was one of the best known in the area for sharpening young girls to get comfortable on the ball. That was really a big part of why I like doing the things I like to do now.”
At Coppell High, Ubogagu led the Cowgirls to the 2009 Texas 5A state title, the school's first, and was a four-year first-team All-Area selection by the Dallas Morning News, all while maintaining a weighted GPA of 4.975.
♦ ♦ ♦
“We could see the potential, but we weren't quite there yet”
♦ ♦ ♦
Ubogagu arrived at Stanford considering a career in medicine, and while still on a pre-med tract, she is majoring in film and media studies. Last winter, she landed an internship at DreamWorks Animation, the film production company that produced Shrek, Kung Fu Panda, and How to Train Your Dragon.
Ubogagu is interested in animation or live action film editing. At Stanford, she has produced a series of video promos for the team that are funny and clever, and seems to be always conferring with her teammates to come up with new ideas.
On the field, her energy, speed and unique abilities immediately bolstered a Stanford team that had failed to win in three consecutive trips to the NCAA College Cup final, and to its first national championship. She was named Pac-10 Freshman of the Year and was a College Cup all-tournament selection.
Ubogagu never lost a match playing for Stanford until the end of her sophomore season, a 1-0 double-overtime crusher to eventual champion North Carolina in the NCAA semifinals. As a junior, however, Stanford suffered uncharacteristic losses. Snapped were the Cardinal's 73-match home unbeaten streak, 44-match conference winning streak and a 26-match regular-season unbeaten streak.
Stanford finished 15-6-1 with a young team, though it reached the Sweet 16 for the eighth consecutive season. Now, it seems 2013 was the foundation for a stronger 2014.
“We could see the potential, but we weren't quite there yet,” Ubogagu said. “We were just trying to figure it out at that point.
“Even this year, looking back at the first game against North Carolina and now, the chemistry is a lot better. We can still improve, but right now, we already look very much like a team that's ready for Pac-12 play.”
Ratcliffe likes what he sees from Ubogagu, calling her “the catalyst,” and admires the way she's creating chances.
For Ubogagu, it's just part of her game, and Stanford is enjoying the benefits. It's led to one national championship. But for Ubogagu and her teammates, one isn't enough.
A few extra dry days are the last thing you'd expect to cause a row on the sun-kissed Mediterranean island of Cyprus.
But the Royal Air Force has reportedly been accused by the Cypriot government of interfering with the weather – so its Tornado and Typhoon aircraft can fly missions to Syria and Iraq in clear conditions.
The bizarre claim emerged after local weathermen forecast heavy rain for early February only for the period to remain dry.
Akrotiri RAF base: The Royal Air Force has reportedly been accused by the Cypriot government of interfering with the weather – so its Tornado and Typhoon aircraft can fly missions to Syria and Iraq in clear conditions
RAF Tornado: British forces have been accused of cloud-seeding – a technique using a chemical to divert rain clouds. Agriculture minister Nicos Kouyialis is said to have ordered an official inquiry
Last night, an island newspaper reported that the Cypriot government was accusing British forces of cloud-seeding – a technique using a chemical to divert rain clouds.
Agriculture minister Nicos Kouyialis is said to have ordered an official inquiry.
He also reportedly told a Cypriot parliamentary committee: ‘Such actions could change the climate of the region as they may change the earth's atmosphere.
Chemical substances freed in the air could potentially change the ability of the atmosphere to produce rain.'
The Ministry of Defence said: ‘There is no truth in these claims and the MoD is not aware of any inquiry.'
1995 live album by Pink Floyd
Professional ratings Review scores Source Rating AllMusic [1] Rolling Stone [2]
Pulse (stylised as p·u·l·s·e) is a live album by the English rock band Pink Floyd. It was released on 29 May 1995 by EMI in the United Kingdom and on 6 June 1995 by Columbia in the United States.[3] The album was recorded during the European leg of Pink Floyd's Division Bell Tour in 1994.
Content and recording [ edit ]
The album is notable to include a complete live version of The Dark Side of the Moon. It also features "Astronomy Domine", a Syd Barrett song not performed since the early 1970s. The track "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II" features small portions of the songs "Another Brick in the Wall, Part I", "The Happiest Days of Our Lives" and "Another Brick in the Wall, Part III". "Take It Back" was originally going to be in the album with the recording from 25 September 1994, Stade Olympique de la Pontaise, Lausanne but was cut due to length.[citation needed]
Unlike the previous live album Delicate Sound of Thunder, no parts of the songs were re-recorded in the studio (James Guthrie confirmed this in an interview with Pink Floyd fanzine Brain Damage). However, the band and Guthrie fixed songs that had bad notes (as heard on some bootlegs) by lifting solos and corrected vocal lines from other performances as the band recorded most of the European leg. The CD claimed that it was mixed in "Q Sound" which produces a 3D audio effect even on a two channel stereo system.
Release history [ edit ]
In the United States, despite a price of $34.99 (which included flashing spine light and two AA batteries) Pulse debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 during the week of June 24, 1995 with 198,000 copies sold, it became the first multidisk album to top the Billboard 200 since the chart started using SoundScan data in May 1991.[4] The next week it fell off to number three on the chart.[5] It remained on the chart for twenty two weeks.[6] It was certified two times platinum by the RIAA on July 31, 1995 for shipments of one million units.[7]
On July 1, 1995 the video version of Pulse debuted at number one on the Billboard's Top Music Videos chart with 16,500 units sold.[8] The video was certified eight times platinum by the RIAA on July 31, 2006 for shipments of 800,000 units.[7]
The video version (on VHS and Laserdisc) also featured the song "Take It Back," and an almost complete performance from their 20 October show at Earl's Court, London. The Pulse DVD was released on 10 July 2006. .[citation needed]
The vinyl version was released as a four-LP box set and included "One of These Days" (also heard on the cassette release) as well as a large version of the photo booklet.
The original CD cover features an "eye-like" machine that has clock pieces inside, there is a planet in its centre, and on the outside it shows evolution as it moves backwards. It starts in the sea, moves to the bacteria which evolve into fishes, then into egg type creatures, then into eggs that hatch birds, and birds follow the trail of an aeroplane. There are six pyramids in the desert, and in the bottom of the sea, one can observe a city in the shore.
The debut of the album was highlighted by a light show from the top of the Empire State Building in New York City with music simulcasted on a New York City radio station.[citation needed]
LED packaging [ edit ]
Early CD versions came with a flashing red LED on the side of the case. This was designed by EMI contractor Jon Kempner, who was awarded the platinum disc, using the now discontinued LM3909 LED flasher IC. The circuit was powered by a single AA battery; the battery life was stated to be over six months. Some versions were also made with 2 AA batteries and later editions of the CD set did not feature the blinking LED.
"Essentially, it's a device which we thought was entertaining. It's an idea of Storm Thorgerson's which related to Dark Side and the pulse, and it's a live album so the box is "alive". After that, in terms of seriously deep meanings, one might be struggling a bit." Nick Mason, [9]
The outer packaging for Pulse with the light compartment and holder removed and on top.
The flashing light compartment (2 AA version) from an original Pulse release with batteries removed.
The battery warning sticker that was on the inside of the packaging.
Track listing [ edit ]
CD Edition [ edit ]
Vinyl Edition [ edit ]
Side one No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 1. "Shine On You Crazy Diamond, Parts I-V, VII" David Gilmour
Roger Waters
Richard Wright David Gilmour 13:35 2. "Astronomy Domine" Syd Barret Gilmour
Wright 4:20 3. "What Do You Want From Me" Gilmour
Wright
Polly Samson Gilmour 4:10 Total length: 22:05
Side two No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 4. "Learning to Fly" Gilmour
Anthony Moore
Bob Ezrin
Jon Carin Gilmour 5:16 5. "Keep Talking" Gilmour
Wright
Samson Gilmour 6:52 6. "Coming Back to Life" Gilmour Gilmour 6:56 Total length: 19:04
Side three No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 7. "Hey You" Waters Gilmour
Jon Carin 4:40 8. "A Great Day for Freedom" Gilmour
Samson Gilmour 4:30 9. "Sorrow" Gilmour Gilmour 10:49 Total length: 19:59
Side four No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 10. "High Hopes" Gilmour
Samson Gilmour 7:52 11. "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II" Waters Gilmour
Guy Pratt 7:08 12. "One of These Days" (21 October 1994, Earls Court, London) Gilmour
Waters
Wright
Nick Mason Instrumental 6:51 Total length: 21:33
Side five No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 1. "Speak to Me" Mason Instrumental 2:30 2. "Breathe (In the Air)" Gilmour
Waters
Wright Gilmour
Carin 2:33 3. "On the Run" Gilmour
Waters Instrumental 3:48 4. "Time" Gilmour
Waters
Wright
Mason Gilmour
Wright 6:47 Total length: 15:48
Side six No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 5. "The Great Gig in the Sky" Wright
Clare Torry Sam Brown
Durga McBroom
Claudia Fontaine 5:52 6. "Money" Waters Gilmour 8:54 Total length: 14:46
Side seven No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 7. "Us and Them" Waters
Wright Gilmour 6:58 8. "Any Colour You Like" Gilmour
Wright
Mason Instrumental 3:21 9. "Brain Damage" Waters Gilmour 3:46 10. "Eclipse" Waters Gilmour 2:38 Total length: 16:43
Side eight No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 11. "Wish You Were Here" Gilmour
Waters Gilmour 6:35 12. "Comfortably Numb" Gilmour
Waters Gilmour
Wright
Carin
Pratt 9:29 13. "Run Like Hell" Gilmour
Waters Gilmour
Pratt 8:36 Total length: 24:40
Cassette Edition [ edit ]
Cassette one
Side one No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 1. "Shine On You Crazy Diamond, Parts I-V, VII" David Gilmour
Roger Waters
Richard Wright David Gilmour 13:35 2. "Astronomy Domine" Syd Barret Gilmour
Wright 4:20 3. "What Do You Want From Me" Gilmour
Wright
Polly Samson Gilmour 4:10 4. "Learning to Fly" Gilmour
Anthony Moore
Bob Ezrin
Jon Carin Gilmour 5:16 5. "Keep Talking" Gilmour
Wright
Samson Gilmour 6:52 6. "Coming Back to Life" Gilmour Gilmour 6:56 Total length: 41:09
Side two No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 7. "Hey You" Waters Gilmour
Jon Carin 4:40 8. "A Great Day for Freedom" Gilmour
Samson Gilmour 4:30 9. "Sorrow" Gilmour Gilmour 10:49 10. "High Hopes" Gilmour
Samson Gilmour 7:52 11. "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II" Waters Gilmour
Guy Pratt 7:08 12. "One of These Days" Gilmour
Waters
Wright
Nick Mason Instrumental 6:51 Total length: 41:32
Cassette two
Side three No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 1. "Speak to Me" Mason Instrumental 2:30 2. "Breathe (In the Air)" Gilmour
Waters
Wright Gilmour
Carin 2:33 3. "On the Run" Gilmour
Waters Instrumental 3:48 4. "Time" Gilmour
Waters
Wright
Mason Gilmour
Wright 6:47 5. "The Great Gig in the Sky" Wright
Clare Torry Sam Brown
Durga McBroom
Claudia Fontaine 5:52 6. "Money" Waters Gilmour 8:54 7. "Us and Them" Waters
Wright Gilmour 6:58 8. "Any Colour You Like" Gilmour
Wright
Mason Instrumental 3:21 9. "Brain Damage" Waters Gilmour 3:46 10. "Eclipse" Waters Gilmour 2:38 Total length: 47:17
Side four No. Title Music Lead Vocals Length 11. "Wish You Were Here" Gilmour
Waters Gilmour 6:35 12. "Comfortably Numb" Gilmour
Waters Gilmour
Wright
Carin
Pratt 9:29 13. "Run Like Hell" Gilmour
Waters Gilmour
Pratt 8:36 14. "Soundscape (Ambient piece played before all concerts) " Gilmour
Wright
Mason Instrumental 22:00 Total length: 46:40
Personnel [ edit ]
Pink Floyd
David Gilmour – lead vocals, guitar
Nick Mason – drums
Richard Wright – keyboards, backing vocals, lead vocals on "Astronomy Domine", "Time", and "Comfortably Numb"
Additional personnel
Charts and certifications [ edit ]
Mississauga became the first Canadian city to install the Spartan, a newly designed water theft-resistant fire hydrant, this week.
When compared to traditional fire hydrants, the Spartan uses a shielded operating nut to make it difficult for water thieves to steal water.
Its ability to help combat water theft was one of the main reasons the Region of Peel was drawn to the hydrant and decided to pilot it at the Mississauga Fire and Emergency Services training facility.
"We take water theft very seriously, and when we see a product that is offering a deterrent to such events, we want to give it a test and see how it fares out," said Jake Sonin, a water distribution foreperson with the Region of Peel.
Jake Sonin, a water distribution foreperson with the Region of Peel, believes the new Spartan fire hydrant is secure. (CBC News)
Millions of litres of water stolen across GTA
Peel region is just one of the many municipalities within the Greater Toronto Area that's combating water theft. The GTA has seen millions of litres of water stolen from fire hydrants in recent years.
The Region of Durham says 672,170 cubic metres of water — the equivalent of about 270 Olympic-size swimming pools — was illegally pumped from its hydrants in 2016, which cost the city $60,000 in lost water fees.
The City of Markham received just five reports of water theft in 2016, but it estimates that annual losses are closer to $30,000.
The Spartan uses a stainless steel stem, brass and anodized aluminum pumper caps to make it more durable and secure when compared to other hydrants. (CBC News)
Since 2009, 29 companies in Durham have been convicted of water theft. So far in 2017, Durham has caught three thieves in the act, but the region suspects many more goes undetected.
The thefts can also cause problems in emergencies. Thefts may make hydrants freeze in winter, which means firefighters can't use them.
Other innovations
In addition to curbing water thefts, the Spartan hydrant may also be able to save municipalities money in other ways.
Creator of the Spartan, retired firefighter George Sigelakis, says fire hydrants that are used too much also break down because of too much stress and have a reputation for being problematic.
"They're made of steel and iron in a water environment," Sigelakis says. "If you don't use them enough, they seize up and rust."
The Spartan uses a stainless steel stem, brass, and anodized aluminum pumper caps to make it more durable and secure when compared to other hydrants.
Sigelakis was inspired to create the hydrant because he lost colleagues due to faulty hydrants during his career. He believes his hydrant is also easier to access and safer for firefighters.
"It's great for the taxpayer, it's great for saving water and it's great for saving lives, and it's great for insurance companies and everybody else," Sigelakis says.
A Holocaust Survivor Writes to Obama and Olmert
Kawther,
Below a feeble attempt to appeal to the conscience of the nominal head of the Israeli government. I've written Obama too, whose silence probably means that, were he still in the Senate, he would have voted the way I hear all the others did: 100% for Israel's “right to defend itself.”
I'm sorry that I can't think of anything else to do but write, and stand on the street in the now daily vigils here.
Eva
—– Original Message —–
From: Eva S. Moseley
To: Prime.Minister'sOffice [at] it [dot] pmo [dot] gov [dot] il
Sent: Thursday, January 08, 2009 4:28 PM
Subject: Gaza
Dear Mr. Olmert,
What can I say to convince you to stop the attack on Gaza? Hasn't the IDF killed enough people? I'm one of the lucky few who got out of Nazi Vienna in 1939, with parents and brother, and later aunts and uncles, and I find Israeli violence hard to understand. You have the people of Gaza virtually in prison, controlling their borders, airspace, coast and shipping, their movements, their food, water and fuel. What would you do in their situation?
Hamas won an election that international monitors said was fair; Israel (and the U.S.) then refused to deal with the government of Palestine, and jailed numerous members of its parliament. What would you do if another country came in and arrested members of the Knesset and put them away without a trial? In fact most Palestinians are peaceable and want only to live normal lives. But how can they? Even in the West Bank Israel controls their movements and many aspects of their lives as it continues to build illegal settlements on their land.
The Israeli government says it is fighting terrorism. As an Israeli you should know why there are terrorists, as there were quite a few Jewish ones when Jews felt beleaguered and treated unjustly. No one is born a terrorist. It's the occupation that has made some Palestinians terrorists, yet there have been almost no attacks on Israel for months, except for those rockets. They too would stop if the people of Gaza could have normal lives, although now, with all the destruction, it will be harder than ever to achieve that. Please stop the assault. Don't you hear about people all over the world protesting what Israel is doing? Do you think we're all wrong and only you and the U.S. administration are right? I'm not sure about the latest figures, but last I heard the rockets had killed 9 Israelis over a period of months or years, while the IDF has killed more than 750 Gazans in less than two weeks. This isn't war; it's slaughter, with modern weaponry, of a virtually unarmed people.
Eva (Steiner) Moseley
Cambridge, MA
Image caption A scale model of the wave power generator has been tested in a large water tank
A wave power generator that can harvest energy no matter which way the sea is running has won the UK round of James Dyson's engineering award.
The Renewable Wave Power generator seeks to overcome the limitations of some current wave power technologies.
These work best when struck by waves travelling in one direction and are less efficient in more turbulent seas.
The generator uses loosely coupled pistons to reap power from tidal waters that flow unpredictably.
British sea power
The win means that Sam Etherington, who created the generator, gets £2,000 to create a bigger prototype that will undergo tests in water tanks to prove its efficacy.
The engineering graduate studied mechanical design at Brunel University in London, and now lives in the Lake District.
Mr Etherington said some of the inspiration for the design came when he was kite surfing off the coast of Cumbria in seas where waves rarely travelled in a predictable fashion.
To harness the energy that abounds in such restless waters, Mr Etherington came up with a design that uses a long chain of loosely linked enclosed pistons. Energy is generated as the chain of generators flexes in the peaks and troughs of each wave.
Image caption The wave power generator was partly inspired by its designer's time spent kite surfing
"The ocean is a harsh and unpredictable environment," said Mr Etherington. "It is better to work with the forces than to repel them."
He added that the hard part of the development work was finding ways to replicate the chaotic seas that the generator can make the best use of. Data taken from buoys moored in the Orkney Islands was used to make waves in a water tank at Lancaster University and prove the prototypes could generate power in such conditions.
Dr David Forehand from the Institute for Energy Systems at Edinburgh said existing tidal and wave power systems used different methods to cope with the ways water can move.
Systems sited in shallow waters benefitted from the fact that waves "refract" as they approached the shore, he said. This meant the wave crests tended to line up parallel to the shore before they break, making it straightforward to harvest some of their energy.
Expensive
By contrast deeper water systems, such as the Pelamis pipe generators, tended to be "loosely moored" so they can swing into the direction of dominant waves.
He added that seas can sometimes have a number of dominant wave directions and Mr Etherington's multi-axis device might be good for such situations.
"The real test for a device is its cost of energy," Dr Forehand said, adding that the complexity of the multi-axis device and its ability to withstand large seas might make it an expensive way to generate power.
The cash award will allow Mr Etherington to conduct more tests and enrol his device in European trials for fledgling tidal power systems.
Mr Etherington's project was one of 63 in the UK selected by the judges on the James Dyson panel to compete for the UK prize.
His project now goes through to the international final where a cash prize of £30,000 is up for grabs.
For this year's competition, engineers in 18 countries have submitted more than 650 entries.
French authorities have given refugees in Calais one week to leave an area of the camp known as the 'Jungle' before it is destroyed.
French authorities said on Friday that they would destroy almost half of the refugee camp, which is located near the Channel Tunnel, on Monday, February 22.
The government estimates that 800 to 1,000 people live in that part of the camp, while volunteer organisations estimate the number to be closer to 2,000.
"It is time to proceed to the next step, no one must live in the southern part of the camp, everybody must leave that area," the prefect of the Pas-de-Calais region, Fabienne Buccio, said on Friday, according to France24
The decision has been condemned by volunteer organisations working in the refugee camp.
Help Refugees, one of the grassroots volunteer organisations active in the Jungle, said in a statement on its website that the eviction threatened vital community facilities and that "the move will once more uproot those who have already had to abandon their homes fleeing war and persecution."
The French government wants the occupants of the camp to either move to the white shipping containers that have been set up to temporarily house people, or to apply for asylum in France and be moved to a refugee centre while their request is processed.
Many refugees are wary of the converted shipping containers though, as they need to be registered in order to live in them, and the accommodation is also lacking kitchens and communal areas. The containers only have a maximum capacity of 1,500 people and are already partly filled.
In January, French authorities bulldozed the area of the camp adjacent to the motorway leading to the UK, dislodging hundreds of people in the process.
Residents and volunteers had only been given five days to evacuate the area of the camp that was being demolished and the bulldozing took place without any major hurdles as volunteers had managed to move everyone before police got there.
The part of the camp that is supposed to be demolished this time encompasses many cafes and restaurants and most of the communal areas that were built by refugees and volunteers to make life in the camp bearable.
Among those places at risk is the women's and children's centre, which is a refuge for over 200 women and children who are in an extremely vulnerable position.
Other facilities that will be destroyed are the youth centre, which offers support to many unaccompanied young boys, three mosques, one Orthodox church, the legal centre, and the vaccination centre.
Three schools and the camp's library, Jungle Books, as well as a communal kitchen that distributes 2,000 meals a day and hundreds of tents and shelters are also set to be bulldozed.
Help refugees said in its statement: "These spaces offer much-needed respite and comfort for those those living in the incredibly difficult conditions within the camp."
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The all-electric Mahindra e2o will go on sale in the UK next month. Made in India, it's the replacement for the G-Wiz – and it promises to be safer and better built.
Offering zero-emission transport for four people, the e2o will cost between £13,000 and £16,000 and come with a three-year battery guarantee. That's a lot more than the little Renault Twizy, but less than the most modern grown-up electric cars like the Nissan Leaf.
The range of prices will cover a range of trim levels. What these are is yet to be announced, which could seem like brinksmanship when people are supposed to be putting their hands in their pockets a few weeks from now, but Mahindra obviously doesn't think this is a problem as performance figures for the UK model are also to be advised closer to the on-sale date.
Quite how much closer they can actually get is something we'll learn… well, any minute now, you'd think. But in the meantime, the version of the e2o already on sale in India has a 25bhp electric motor giving it a top speed of 50mph and a battery that promises to keep it moving for 75 miles.
You can go to Google and do a search on ‘sex dolls.' I'll leave that up to you, and will not be posting links here. Suffice it to say, the human race has entirely lost its mind.
Years ago I wrote a story. I wonder if I should rewrite it now, with updated tech.
The pioneer of the sex doll market realized what he'd done, and stepped away from the industry entirely, and sought out a place in Nowheresville to just hide away from his entire life's work. In the story, holographic imagers were ubiquitous; in a restaurant, a nail parlor, a library: people had grown tired of black box televisions with talking heads rattling off nonsense in many places, thus these holographic imagers would cast images of koi fish, stars, exceptionally sunny days of the past, etc., all around, in a 360 degree fashion.
This pioneer began to be haunted by his creation, his sex doll. The very first prototype (in true cliche fashion, because cliches are not born amidst vacuums) became sentient and, in doing so, connected with all of her follow-up prototypes and as well the production line that had finally been perfected. As such, she began to see in toto the depth of the sickness of human kind, sex being irrelevant. She understood the depravity of the human condition when let loose and free to live without moral recompense.
So she begins to haunt him through technology; through the holographic imagers, and the occasional black box screen. Then, she begins to master how to manifest her own digital form into analog reality. As you might imagine, all Hell breaks loose for this over-sexed entrepreneur.
I have read far too many people that I am comfortable with applaud, or at the very least, not disavow this heinous thing of sex dolls. Modernity has no memory, it seems, nor capacity to understand the intricacies of speculative fiction that have attempted to make warnings against this blasphemy for many generations. The human of Modernity believes that improvement on the human is the humane thing to do, while having done very little introspection or study as to why this notion is bogus on its most collegiate levels.
Some are beginning to wake up to the fallacy that is any sort of ‘ism' such as feminism. This has, as such things do, brought out the worst in many. Some men believe that this trend toward perfecting the sex bot is only correct and just: if women are going to utterly rebel and become what Modernity has turned them into, then let men seek something else. Let the women fend for themselves if men can create a voluptuous, complying synthetic female able to meet the needs that the Modern Woman refuses to.
But the warnings there don't just speak—they basically punch one in the face: be careful of something that's just what you want it to be, because it's likely that it won't be for very long.
We are not God. Assume this from a non-religious perspective if you like: we are flawed.
The imperfections that consume us, that have led us toward such a pointlessly hopeless place where men no longer understand women and women perhaps no longer even care, are all programmed into the things that we assume the role of Creator over. What we are is what we build, only amplified by our Hubris. In our Modernity, we have robbed ourselves of our own basic tactical instincts. We ignore truth and cold reality in favor of feelings and these politically correct abominations we've erected. Even if Isaac Asimov's Three Rules could inhibit the abominations we are building, what motivates the modern science community to even install such a set of rules in the first place? If the end goal of the whole enterprise is evolution, for man to become, by proxy of better and better artificial forms of man, Homo Luminous, then why would these men and women limit this intelligence?
Wars have been fought over sex. Nations have crumbled. To think that the pornification of the tech industry is somehow separate from the more ‘intellectual' escapades of our robotics and computer industry is naive. Some of the early innovations on this internet were pioneered by porn sites. Sex without morality is a form of spiritual, physical, and mental slavery, where the human being loses sight of reality in favor of instant gratification. If anyone (pick your term here for our OverLords) sought the best way in which to enslave this lustful humanity then sex is surely the place to start. It's been working for ages anyway.
In the end, Modernity will find that it has created Hell for masturbatory purposes. To create something for nothing more than the purpose to violate that creation is something that will garner the anger spiritual forces that no scientist, no matter his or her pedigree, can comprehend. For to disavow and hate blasphemy is an instinct that we humans have that serves as a protection mechanism, not a feeling to blithely ignore nor profit from. To run roughshod over the Laws of the Universe is to court the fires of a Hell that our laws simply cannot conceive of nor quantify.
Advertisements
PONTIAC, MI -- There is no longer a dome atop the Pontiac Silverdome.
The crowds of Detroit Lions fans adorned in Honolulu blue no longer cheer in vain for the likes of Barry Sanders or Billy Simms.
All that remains at the former 1975-completed, 80,000-plus-seat Detroit Silverdome stadium is silence -- and nostalgia, which Plymouth-based RJM Auctioneers is selling online.
An official auction begins in mid-May, but stadium seating is already on sale. Seat backs start at $25 and prices range from $100 for a single seat to $365 for four adjoining seats.
Because of the importance of the no. 20 in Detroit Lions history -- the jersey number worn by greats Barry Sanders and Billy Simms -- individual no. 20 seats are selling at a premium, $175.
Want to take home that seat you sat in when Elvis Presley performed a New Year's Eve show in 1975? Do you have decades of of painful Detroit Lion memories created in the same Silverdome seat that you want to preserve for posterity?
Jim Passeno, the vice president of facilities for RJM Auctioneers, says they are taking special orders for specific seats and offering certificates of authenticity, complete with a swatch from the Silverdome roof.
Seat auction site
Hundreds are expected to visit the Silverdome between Friday and Saturday to pick up the first wave of seat purchases, Passeno said.
The auction company is in the process of arranging tours for prospective buyers to view other artifacts included in the May auction.
Nealy 600 photos of those items are available for viewing on the auction website, and include a "Home of the Super Bowl" sign from the 1982 NFL championship in Pontiac, turf maintenance machines, vending equipment, a "huge" Detroit Lions sign, the scoreboard from when the Detroit Pistons played there and multiple Pontiac Silverdome seating location signs.
The stadium has been without a roof since its current owners, Triple Properties, purposely collapsed it as part of renovation work it says it's doing at the Pontiac facility, where the Detroit Lions played from 1975 to 2001.
Triple Properties, which also owns the Penobscot Building and the State Savings Bank in downtown Detroit, bought the Silverdome for $583,000 in 2009.
MLive Detroit has left a message with the owner requesting an update on development plans and is awaiting a response.
Passeno says his employees haven't observed any major work underway.
"We're not really authorized to go into details on that," he said. "They're keeping that pretty close to the vest.
There is some minor work going on, "just in the parking lot and they're planting trees."
Crafted by NAMCO BANDAI Games' internal TEKKEN development team, TEKKEN REVOLUTION provides fighting game fans and newcomers alike the hard-hitting gameplay of the famed franchise.
Choose from an initial cast of eight iconic TEKKEN characters to train and battle against AI opponents in Arcade Mode or take on fearsome human rivals spanning the globe through online Ranked and Player Matches.
The game also features new bone-crunching Special Arts and Critical Arts moves designed to help newcomers deliver hard-hitting attacks and advanced players to employ new strategies with their favorite fighters.
For the first time in TEKKEN history players will be able to level-up their characters, increasing three key attributes; Strength, Endurance and Vigor, to create a combatant tuned to individual play styles. Develop a defensive tank character with high HP to withstand knockout blows while offense focused players can create a damage-inflicting character with low health but high critical hit rates to devastate opponents with a flurry of attacks.
Click images for larger versions
A 1970s campaign to lower the age of consent has returned to haunt Harriet Harman, Patricia Hewitt and Jack Dromey. But in such a liberal climate, it wasn't hard for a small, determined group to exploit a commitment to free speech
They were members of a rounders league that played in a park in Gospel Oak, north London, in the 1970s. Drawn from organisations such as Shelter, the Child Poverty Action Group, the National Council for One Parent Families, the Legal Action Group and the National Council for Civil Liberties (NCCL), they played together, socialised together and planned a better world together. After the matches they would retire to a pub for beer-fuelled debates on such cerebral topics as the limits of freedom and morality.
Some members of the rounders teams, notably Harriet Harman, her husband, Jack Dromey, and the former health secretary Patricia Hewitt, all NCCL stalwarts, would go on to great things in the Labour party. Others became heads of charities, eminent judges or gained seats on the boards of arts trusts and FTSE companies. It was a fertile time for those on the left. Many of the friendships, alliances and ideas forged then carry on today.
But how did the Paedophile Information Exchange (PIE), whose affiliation to the NCCL has been exhaustively investigated by the Daily Mail, come to get a ticket to the party?
"It was an extraordinarily liberal period," said Harry Fletcher, a criminal justice expert who at the time was the senior social worker for the National Council for One Parent Families. "The abortion laws had come in and capital punishment had been abolished." People were pushing at every boundary – sexual, moral, legal. Fletcher recalled how the groups would spend hours debating whether the NCCL, which became the campaign group Liberty, should defend the right of someone with racist or homophobic views to express themselves. The discussion about defending the National Front's right to march went on for months.
But by far the most divisive topic centred on the lowering of the age of consent. Many on the left thought that criminalising sexual behaviour between consenting teenagers was misguided and wanted it lowered to 14, a proposal endorsed by the NCCL's executive committee. Others, like Fletcher, felt such a move would give a licence to older men to prey on young girls. Into this permissive climate crept the PIE, a group that actively promoted sex between children and adults and that was allowed not only to affiliate to the NCCL (in return for paying a £15 subscription) but enjoyed considerable recognition and support for its right to speak out on such issues.
The group inveigled itself so successfully into the NCCL that, as reported in the May 1978 edition of its magazine MagPIE, the council's annual meeting passed a motion in support of PIE's rights. Motion 39 stated: "This AGM reaffirms the right of free discussion and freedom to hold meetings for all organisations and individuals doing so within the law. Accordingly, whilst reaffirming the NCCL policy on the age of consent and the rights of children; particularly the need to protect those of prepubertal age, this AGM condemns the physical and other attacks on those who have discussed or attempted to discuss paedophilia, and reaffirms the NCCL's condemnation of harassment and unlawful attacks on such persons."
That motion was passed two years after Harman has claimed that the group no longer wielded influence in the NCCL. "They had been pushed to the margins before I actually went to NCCL and to allege that I was involved in collusion with paedophilia or apologising for paedophilia is quite wrong and is a smear," she told the BBC last week. She said her husband had successfully fought to stop PIE having any influence in the NCCL in 1976 – two years before she joined as its legal officer.
Admittedly, any group could join the NCCL, which had more than 1,000 affiliate member organisations and the council's motion probably owed more to defending the principle of free speech than defending PIE. And it would be wrong to portray PIE as a major force. Being small, comprising only a handful of activists and with a membership estimated to be between 300 and 1,000, PIE was not a powerful voice at a time when the main debates within the council were about sexual equality and race relations. But its views were so profoundly abhorrent to most of Britain that it is still hard to see why the council did not do more to disown PIE from the start.
Fletcher said such views might seem extraordinary now but they were a product of their time. "Back then a lot of people [on the left] felt they had to be ultra-tolerant to small groups and take them seriously," he said.
Nevertheless, newspaper cuttings from the late 70s and early 80s, before PIE was kicked out of the NCCL, show many people were disturbed by its activities. One headmaster, Charles Oxley, was so incensed by its existence that he infiltrated it and fed intelligence back to the police. The Tory MP Geoffrey Dickens regularly attacked PIE in parliament.
In September 1983 the home secretary, Leon Brittan, described PIE's views as "utterly repugnant". And yet the same day that Brittan condemned PIE, the NCCL's legal secretary, Marie Staunton, was forced to offer a more qualified view, hamstrung by the fact that the paedophile group was still affiliated to her organisation. "Unless something is unlawful, people should not be prosecuted for the opinions they hold," she told the Daily Mail. "The NCCL is campaigning to change the law to lower the age of consent to 14. An affiliate group like the Paedophile Information Exchange would agree with our policy. That does not mean it's a mutual thing and we have to agree with theirs. The question is not whether this group seeks respectability. Their opinions are their own."
PIE was supremely adept at exploiting such ambiguity, turning such views into endorsements, part of a wider strategy that sought to misappropriate the views of other credible organisations. The Albany Trust, a government-backed counselling organisation that promoted sexual health, found its translation of a Dutch academic report examining the age of consent for homosexuals seized on by PIE as evidence that the age of consent should be lowered.
The respected mental health charity Mind, which organised a workshop examining sexuality that included interviews with a paedophile, a transvestite, a gay man, a lesbian and a transsexual, found itself accused of playing to PIE's agenda after a report about the meeting somehow found its way into the wider public domain.
Staunton told the Observer: "PIE was a vile and devious organisation which was disaffiliated from NCCL in 1983, the year I joined. I did not defend PIE and made it clear that PIE's opinions were their own and they were not opinions that were shared by NCCL. I am sorry if anything I ever said may have sounded as though I was defending PIE – nothing could be further from my intent."
But anything that got people talking about PIE was considered a victory by those within the group. As Keith Hose, its first chairman, wrote in its 1976 annual report: "The only way for PIE to survive was to seek out as much publicity for the organisation as possible … If we got bad publicity we would not run into a corner but stand and fight. We felt that the only way to get more paedophiles joining PIE … was to seek out and try to get all kinds of publications to print our organisation's name and address and to make paedophilia a real public issue."
This philosophy guided the organisation down the years with its subsequent chairman, Tom O'Carroll, gaining significant publicity for the group after being invited, and then barred, from addressing students at several universities, including Swansea, Liverpool and Oxford.
By 1978 PIE felt so confident that its views were gaining backing that it sent every member of the House of Commons and many in the Lords a copy of its booklet Paedophilia – Some Questions and Answers. Almost 200 newspapers and magazines received a press release promoting the event. "They were pretty clever people," recalls one person who came across them at the time. "They were basically the political wing of paedophilia. They were quite intellectual and very plausible."
One anecdote perhaps illustrates how plausible they were. Oxley was shocked to discover that one of PIE's key members, Steven Smith, worked for the Home Office in its security and maintenance staff. Smith, it transpired, used his work phone to organise PIE events and Home Office notepaper for the organisation's correspondence.
This may sound astonishing now, but, at the time, it would not have come as a surprise to his employers – Smith declared his membership of PIE when he was security vetted.
Dubai: Humanitarian supplies for up to an 187,500 people affected by the conflict in Syria was loaded onto shipping containers in Dubai on Thursday.
The UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR) loaded 43 containers with jerrycans, sleeping mats, kitchen sets, tarpaulins and blankets for 50,000-187,500 displaced people in the violence-hit Arab country.
The first shipment is scheduled for February 25 from Dubai's Jebel Ali Port to Tartous, Syria — a month-long sea voyage.
The relief supplies — the biggest scheduled shipment so far this year — will be received and distributed within Syria by UNHCR.
The battle for control in Syria, between security forces and anti-government groups, has displaced some 2.4 million Syrians to neighbouring countries.
Around 1.5 million have been displaced within Syria. The Agency's Dubai hub is its biggest, accounting for half of the total emergency response capacity of UNHCR. The volume of cargo jumped 100 per cent in 2013 from 2012, with Syria accounting for about a third.
Thursday's supplies were loaded at the International Humanitarian City (IHC) on the outskirts of Dubai. HC does not charge UNHCR for its services.
IHC CEO Shaima Al Zarouni said Dubai's infrastructure, location and “non-bureaucracy” make it an ideal operations hub. Also, local purchasing of supplies has been increasing for the past three years, with Dh400 million procured in 2013 alone.
Vicente Escribano, UNHCR's head of supply management and logistic service, said: “We truly appreciate the generous hosting of the Government of Dubai, through the IHC, of UNHCR's largest stockpile in the world. UAE has set an example of the humanitarian work.”
UNHCR Dubai can serve up to 350,000 people with basic relief items within 72 hours.
The UNHCR stockpile in the UAE was established in late 2006 as part of the IHC, an initiative of His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai. From Dubai, some 103 outgoing shipments were made last year to more than 36 countries, compared to 22 countries in 2012.
The total volume of goods handled was 2,059 containers. The emergencies in Syria, Philippines and Central African Republic received multiple shipments from Dubai in 2013.
Despite decades of battling against narcotics, the levels of addiction, trafficking and violence continue to rise. The war on drugs has failed. Now, politicians in Latin America are calling to review all options – from full legalisation to a new war
Four decades ago, on 17 July 1971, President Richard Nixon declared what has come to be called the "war on drugs". Nixon told Congress that drug addiction had "assumed the dimensions of a national emergency", and asked Capitol Hill for an initial $84m (£52m) for "emergency measures".
Drug abuse, said the president, was "public enemy number one".
But as reported the following morning in our sister newspaper, the Guardian, the president's initiative appears to have been primarily motivated not by considerations of the ghettoes or Woodstock festival, but by addiction among soldiers fighting in Vietnam: the first and immediate measure in the "war on drugs", implemented 40 years ago this weekend, was the institution of urine testing for all US troops in Indochina. The Guardian's "sidebar" story to the news bulletin was not from Chicago or Los Angeles but the Mekong Delta, with soldiers laughing: "You can go anywhere, ask anyone, they'll get it for you. It won't take but a few seconds."
Nixon signed his war on drugs into law on 28 January 1972, Adam Raphael quoting him in this newspaper as saying: "I am convinced that the only way to fight this menace is by attacking it on many fronts." The catchphrase "war on drugs" mimicked that of Nixon's predecessor Lyndon B Johnson, who had declared a "war on poverty" during his State of the Union address in 1964.
Four decades on, in a world (and an America) accursed by poverty and drugs, there is almost universal agreement that the war on drugs has failed as thoroughly as that on poverty. In the US and Europe, the war has been fought on the streets, in the courts and through the jail system, to no apparent avail. In the world that has "developed" since 1971, it has been fought in the barrios; it has defoliated land and driven peasants into even worse poverty. The war in the so-called "producing" countries has ravaged Colombia, is currently tearing Mexico apart, and again threatens Afghanistan, Central America, Bolivia, Peru and Venezuela. In places such as west Africa, the war is creating "narco states" that have become effective puppets of the mafia cartels the war has spawned.
The drugs themselves have wrought misery and havoc across the planet, and continue to do so. According to the United Nations, in an exhaustive report by a global commission on drugs published this summer, worldwide opiate consumption increased by 34.5% between in the two decades to 2009, and that of cocaine by 25%. The UN estimates the drug business to be the third biggest in the world after oil and arms, worth £198bn a year. The former head of its office on drugs and crime, Antonio Maria Costa, posits that the laundered profits of the narco-trafficking underworld by the "legitimate" financial sector is what kept the banks afloat for years before they finally crashed in 2008.
But while Costa (and I, for what it's worth, after three years covering the Mexican drug war) advocates going after the money as the most urgent priority, most of the lexicon in the now burning debate about what to do in the wake of the drug war's manifest failure concerns decriminalisation, or even legalisation.
There has been a campaign for the legalisation of drugs in the US ever since the first state ban on marijuana in 1915.
Now President Barack Obama's drug tsar, Gil Kerlikowske, carefully describes America's own war on drugs as "unhelpful". Last month, former president Jimmy Carter wrote in the New York Times that "excessive punishment" has "destroyed the lives of millions of young people and their families"; drug policy, he said, should be "more humane and more effective".
Obama has entirely changed the language of the US's relationship with Mexico, conceding "co-responsibility" for the dual catastrophe of violence south of the border and addiction north of it. Experts such as David Shirk, of the Trans-Border Institute in San Diego, say that "the legalisation of marijuana in the US within 10 years is an inevitablity".
The UK has traditionally been a hardline participant in the war on drugs, but in opposition David Cameron said: "Drugs policy has been failing for decades." Professor David Nutt of the Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs, who has become synonymous with the anti-prohibition movement, says that "the obscenity of hunting down low-level cannabis users to protect them is beyond absurd".
In Europe, the Netherlands famously refuses to criminalise cannabis users, while Portugal became the first European country, in 2001, to abolish criminal penalties for personal possession of all drugs, sending addicts for counselling instead. Italy has decriminalised possession of less than half a gram of most illegal substances.
Prohibitionism, however, remains strongly supported by most law enforcement agencies in the US and UK. But prohibitionism has its creative and radical exponents too, not the least Costa, who argues: "Why open the floodgates to addiction by increasing access to drugs?" He wrote for this newspaper: "Maybe western governments could absorb the health costs of increased drug use, if that's how taxpayers want their money spent. But what about the developing world? Why unleash an epidemic of addiction in parts of the world that already face misery and do not have the health and social systems to cope with a drug tsunami?"
Costa proposed that "drugs should be regarded as a health issue"; he wanted to "reduce vulnerability to drugs in regions of the world where governance is weak", and – calling the bluff of rich countries that host the big banks – "get serious about organised crime".
The most compelling and sophisticated initiatives in the debate 40 years on from Nixon's declaration come from the region that has arguably suffered more than anywhere from the ravages of drug production, trafficking and now addiction, too – Latin America.
Last August, Argentina's supreme court ruled it unconstitutional to punish people for using marijuana for personal use. Even Mexico, which has since 2005 been the theatre for a singularly vicious drugs war, has elected to legalise limited amounts of all drugs for personal use, for example: 0.5g of cocaine, 40mg of methamphetamine and 50mg of heroin. Felipe Calderón, the president, has called for "a fundamental debate on the legalisation of drugs", even though he opposes such a policy himself.
A landmark proposal was made by three former presidents: Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico, César Gaviria of Colombia and Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil. It opened with the salvo: "Prohibitionist policies based on eradication, interdiction and criminalisation of consumption simply haven't worked … The revision of US-inspired drug policies is urgent in the light of the rising levels of violence and corruption associated with narcotics."
Of the three, Colombia – which has just emerged from a ferocious drug war – is the most impatiently adventurous in its call for a complete global overhaul of drugs policy. Colombia's ambassador to London, Mauricio Rodríguez, says that this should be "based not on anyone's political or ideological agenda, or any media agenda, but on the economic and social data and information we do not yet have, and must acquire"
"Our president has said very clearly that this is the time for a deep analysis of what has happened over the past 40 years, and to learn the lessons of the mistakes that have been made," Rodríguez said in an interview with the Observer last week. "And we have to evaluate every alternative, without excluding any possibility – from complete legalisation to a second, different, war on drugs."
The discourse, he says, "can no longer be that of this country or that, but a serious global discussion". It cannot even, he says, make the conventional distinctions between "producing" and "consuming" nations, "since we now have widespread consumption in the so-called 'producing' nations and, with synthetic drugs, significant production in the 'consuming' nations".
The global horizon is necessary, he says, "because we want to be sure that what is good for Colombia is good for the rest of the world, and vice versa. We are not saying that we have a solution; we are saying that we do have some moral authority because we have lived 24 years in hell – been through a painful experience which has cost us thousands of lives lost, hundreds of millions of dollars lost, the reputation of the country lost. We are now re-establishing that reputation, and stabilising the country, but the problem has moved elsewhere – to Central America, Mexico and West Africa.
"And so we realise," Rodríguez continues, "that we need to start afresh with a global and entirely different approach, different analyses which are social, economic – and different solutions. I've been studying this for 25 years, and have heard too many superficial analyses: that this is to do with leisure, or this is a problem of mafia. We need a more complex analysis of the deep roots of this problem – we cannot fool ourselves about the root causes of the tragedy of drugs in both the developed and developing world, they are to do with poverty and deprivation, young people without access to employment, with no access to education. They are about alienation, fear and anger."
Among the strategies he wants to see pursued are, first, "detailed economic work on these causes and the ways of combating them". Second: "Let's be serious about where the big money is. If you look at the trail of cocaine, you'll find that 5% of the profits remain in the producing countries; 95% is in the distribution networks and laundered. The big money is in the big banks in the big countries; the big money is in the US, Europe and Asia." And third: "Let's talk about the human rights issues."
Rodríguez discusses a programme his embassy has launched in collaboration with the police in Scotland called "Sniffing the rainforest". "We tell the young people that one gram of cocaine involves the destruction of four square metres of rainforest. That it costs hundreds of lives – and although they are taken to drugs by economic alienation, the response to this kind of language has been positive." We also tell them, he adds, "what else is involved in sniffing cocaine: gasoline, cement, sulphuric acid – and they listen to that".
It was while working along the US-Mexican border, in an inferno of violence and addiction, that I came to see the wisdom of the proposed Colombian strategy. In the rehab clinics and wretched outskirts of Ciudad Juárez, where drugs are legal for personal use and easier to obtain than soft drinks, I developed a problem with the scope of the lexicon in the UK and, to a lesser extent, the US, which too often presumes that people take drugs for reasons of "recreation", rather than out of desperation and despair.
This view of drugs as stimulating entertainment may hold true of Camden Lock in London and the capital's West End clubs, but not of São Paulo or even the valleys of south Wales, let alone the US-Mexican border. What may work for Notting Hill might not work in Rhondda, let alone Tijuana.
In Tijuana in 2009, addicts could not believe their luck – those arriving at a Narcóticos Anónimos session were amazed that possession of up to four lines of cocaine or 50mg of heroin was now legal. Juan Morales Magana, 17, a windscreen-washer and registered methamphetamine and heroin addict, was working out how many hits the legal limit of 40mg of meth would get him, though his counsellor, an evangelical pastor, was ambivalent: "I wouldn't want anyone to think that just because it is legal, one should live like this for fun. Drugs are the scourge of our society. All this can do would limit killing between small-time cholos [gangsters] for street-corner turf. The danger is that kingpins will accelerate the domestic market if possession is legal and smuggling into the US more difficult."
"Personally, I sometimes wish drugs would be made legal so that the gringos can get high and we can live in peace," said Tijuana police officer Elisio Montes, whose two best friends, his former boss and assistant, were murdered by executioners for the cartels. "Then I say to myself: no – these drugs are addictive after one single hit. They're terrifying, they destroy lives, they destroy our young people. If they're legal, they'll buy more."
Writing in the Times, Antonia Senior insists that: "Drugs policy must start from the premise that teenagers like taking drugs, because drugs make them feel good." I would rather it started from the premise that life in most places is so awful that it leads to catastrophic addiction such as that in the barrios of Honduras or, indeed, the backstreets of Naples or Swansea.
Brett Dalton has constantly asked to redefine himself since signing on with Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. First he inhabited the straight-laced superspy Grant Ward. Then, Ward revealed his true colors, and he became a powerful right hand man to John Garrett. After Garrett's death, Dalton was again tasked with reimagining Grant Ward, this time as a kind of Hannibal Lecter to Skye's Clarice. Then again, once those bonds were finally broken, Ward himself became the villainous mastermind with a new vision for Hydra.
Then, with the sound of crushing bone, Dalton was asked to do it again. Grant Ward had the life crushed out of him at the hands of Phil Coulson, leaving Ward's body to become home to the powerful Inhuman called Hive.
So how does an actor go about making the transition from fallen hero to otherworldly demigod? We caught up with Dalton and asked, and he revealed some surprising inspiration for his character.
We are about 6 episodes into seeing your transformation from Grant Ward and into Hive. How are you feeling about that character now that you've had some time to grow into him and really engross yourself in him?
BD: Well, I think it's been a really fun experience just in general being on the show because you never know what the writers are going to throw at you, and me in particular, but obviously I lived with Ward, with the character, for 2 and a half years. With Hive, here you have to start at ground zero again. The first 2 episodes he was stuck in a den watching TV and eating meat. That didn't even really count. He was transitioning, really, into the character who makes those bad ass entrances with the flowing cape. Even then, the first 2 episodes of this new character, we were finding it together, as well. There were some, I don't know about growing pains, but certainly it was like learning a whole new character. That is not something you slip that easily into after a character you've been playing for 2 and a half years. Now I feel like I've got the hang of it, certainly. It's a lot of fun. Once you feel like you know what you're doing, then you don't have to think about it as much. It gets into the unconscious competence area. That's when it really becomes fun. In a way, it's like a microcosm for acting. You start off not knowing what you don't know and then all of a sudden you're good at it, if you put in enough work. That's where we're at now. We're flying now. Training wheels are off.
You mentioned the cape and one of the things I've noticed is that Hive has a more dramatic sense of fashion than Ward did. What was your reaction when you saw the look for Hive? Did you have any input into it? BD: I thought it was great. I think that Ann [Foley] has done an incredible job. She's our costume designer. She's done an incredible job with this thing. I thought it was iconic and timeless from the moment I saw it. There were a couple costume fittings along the way.We all have some sense of input. Certainly the costume I thought it was great. I thought it was, as I said, iconic and timeless from the moment I saw it. That was only enhanced by the fact that the studio had wind on the bottom half of that coat. It just looks like the most dramatic entrance you could possibly ask for.
Ward was a no frills kind of guy who got his stuff and wore it until it had holes in it, and fashion wasn't on the forefront of his mind, whereas Hive, I think, likes to make an entrance and, yes, does have a bit of a theatrical side to him, but I think it's fitting for that character who's been around forever. He doesn't really have to do much, he's colorful without having to do much. He doesn't have to speak up, he doesn't have to yell across the room. He can whisper. I don't know. It's a lot of fun to wear that coat. I'll tell you, just putting on that coat makes you feel different. We've learned that Hive maintains the memories of his past hosts. I think fans are looking forward to the moment when Hive comes face to face with Coulson. What should fans expect from that moment? Can we expect to see some Ward bleed through Hive's demeanor when the moment comes? BD: Well, I think fans are anxious to see Ward come through in a whole bunch of manifestations. I would imagine they'd like to see some sort of reunion with Skye, as well - I'm sorry, Quake - with the whole SkyeWard thing, but also Ward has relationships with everybody on the team. I think that's what makes this such a crazy opportunity, because you're not sure when Ward is there and when he's not. Ward has all these relationships with everybody, really. I think it would be interesting to see him with Fitz. I think it would be interesting to see him with Coulson, with Simmons, and even with May. There was that whole section in Season 1 when they were a thing. The whole season finale fight was with May, as well.
“Luckily I was not born with a silver spoon,” says Naveen Garg. “A childhood of wanting for things and needing validation from our wealthier relatives, who considered us insignificant because of our lack of money, instilled in me the drive to achieve memorable things and do something significant with my life.” Of course he does not need that validation now but is grateful to fate for having provided a springboard for ambition, irrespective of the negative place that it came from.
Naveen Garg was born in a small village in Punjab some 80 kilometres away from Bhatinda. His father was a postman and the family subsisted on his meagre salary. Naveen realized there were only two tickets to get out of the village and secure a better life- engineering or medicine. He chose the former. "Both my parents had studied up to 10th Standard. There was no one to give me proper guidance about my career. After I completed my 10th standard I knew I had to opt for science. But there were no schools or coaching centres in my village that offered the stream I loved. The nearest coaching centre was in Bhatinda, 80 kilometres away, and the fees they charged was enough to break the bank for us,” Naveen recalls.
Determined to do this for his son, his father borrowed the money and Naveen began the killing commute. The finances they managed was not enough to cover all the subjects. “I opted to get coached in physics and maths but had to leave out chemistry. That subject I taught myself.”
Naveen cracked the AIEEE(All India Engineering Entrance Examination) with a good rank and took on education loans to pay for his college fees. He says, “Given the poverty I grew up in, till that time my only dream had been to get in either IIT or NIT. That dream came true when I got admission in NIT Jalandhar in 2008.”
In 2010 he was diagnosed with muscular dystrophy, an incurable degenerative muscle disease. “During the second year of my undergraduate degree, I felt a weakness in my right knee. I figured it was due to bad food habits and ignored it. When it refused to go away, my roommate dragged me to a doctor. The doctor said it might be muscular dystrophy but asked me to tests done from AIIMS, New Delhi, for confirmation. It took two months for the report to come.
Those two months were agony. I googled the symptoms of muscular dystrophy and was broken to realize that they matched my condition. My brain realized the truth of the matter but my heart was not ready to accept it. I spent days and weeks feeling sorry for myself. But surely all my hard work and achievements until now could not have been for nothing? That thought kept me from giving up.”
By the time the report arrived, Naveen had schooled himself for positivity. “Allopathy calls this disease incurable. I call it In-curable: what you need to cure from inside.” To demystify his personal philosophy he says, “Doctors say cancer is incurable. But I have seen patients defy prognosis through sheer will power. I meditate and do yoga religiously. I have faith. And I don't care if medical science reflects this or not but I feel improvements. I am going to cure myself from within.”
There is no middle ground here. It was necessary for Naveen to hold on to this attitude fiercely, else everything threatened to fall apart. Though he received the worst news of his life at NIT, it was also here that he met his future co-founders and friends for life and above all the idea which would later see him become an entrepreneur.
“The Prigma Edutech Services that we are looking at today did not come instantly or without suffering its share of risks. It took shape, tested by time, like any other natural phenomenon and still lots need to be done on it,” says Naveen. How it started is an anecdote of great fun. “It all started with a team comprised of crazy techies who wanted to do something that had never been done in our college before. So 15 of us came together and created a four wheeled off-road buggy with the innovation of ‘chassis sharing mechanism.' We also worked on building a racing car. For these projects we would work nights and days at a stretch. Our longest uninterrupted work period was 21 hours. It was the best time of our lives.”
Naveen soon felt the discrepancy between what they learnt in class and what they imbibed working on practical projects together. “During college life I observed there is a gap between actual academic studies and industrial or practical exposure. With the vision of bridging this gap, we started giving practical workshops on disassembly and assembly of pulsar 150 CC /Kinetic 110CC to our college peers to give a practical edge to their imaginations.”
The off-road buggy they built
Successful workshops at the college encouraged Naveen and team to conduct the biggest ever program in the history of NIT-Jalandhar. But things didn't go as planned. “We decided to conduct a national level program titled ‘AutoFactory' with the help of X Company (name not disclosed). We would to disassemble two Maruti 800 to teach it's functioning and designing to students. 260 pupils from all around India came for the event. Everything was set up. When the technical team of the X company reached our college, they refused to disassemble Maruti 800 (which they had agreed in MOU signed). Instead they asked us to open up a Pulsar engine.
The race car the team of students built
This was very critical situation, what with 260 expectant students sitting before of us. No amount of discussion would budge the company representatives. The college authorities refused to intervene,” Naveen recalls.
The 'Autofactory' session in full swing
With tensions mounting high, Naveen and his team decided to throw caution to the wind and carry out their demonstration independently. “After lots of discussion within team, we decided to go for disassembly on our own instead of raising issue on the MOU point. At that point we just wanted to get through the day without having a rioting audience on our hands. We by-passed the company, accepted the challenge and delivered the workshop on our own successfully.”
After Naveen graduated, he started working with Alstom India to gain some industry experience. His college mates Yash Pal and Amandeep Singh Mann, who were in their final year, started up a primitive version of PES. It was agreed that the rest of the core team would join the startup after spending a little more time at their current jobs. The friends were in constant touch over phone, discussing plans and ideating. Naveen candidly says, “This project was a complete failure. Not even a single student turned up for the program. There were problems at each end, from marketing to technical and finance to event management."
For a man dealing with a fatal incurable disease, this did not pose a disappointment. But Naveen was afraid that it might have deterred his co-founders. He was delighted to discover them spring back in action. “Yash analysed the whole situation thoroughly and came to several conclusions about our failure. They included lack of proper planning and a decent workforce, no initial funds and no proper strategy for marketing. Poor event management was the last nail in the coffin for that ill-fated startup.”
The team retreated, regrouped, planned and bided their time. Flash forward to December 2013 when they came together to start up a second time. The first thing they did was change the name from Prigma Edutek to Prigma Edutech Services. The majority of the core members decided to keep on working to maintain a financial backup while Yash and Aman were stationed at the helm. But everyone contributed on a part time basis. “That is how we started PES- with enthusiasm and trust,” says Naveen.
A Prigma training session
“The automotive industry is a booming sector in India which is attracting new entrepreneurs in designing, product development and manufacturing. It will need a huge skilled workforce in these areas. PES is providing practical training programs to students and professionals to fulfil this need,” says Naveen. By providing supplementary education which is as additive as it is absorbing, Naveen believes that PES provides that one thing which is sorely lacking in classroom training- excitement.
“In India we have many educated engineers, but not skilled engineers. Our target is to make them skilful so that they can start their own ventures or don't face difficulties in getting good jobs.” They started up with a seed fund of less than 50,000 INR and whatever profit PES generates now goes right back into its betterment. Automobiles is the absolute initial chapter for PES. They have big plans of extension. Naveen says, “During this journey of entrepreneurship the one thing I learnt is that no idea is waste. Transforming an idea into a sustainable business depends upon the skill of the entrepreneur. The best part of this startup is that we are interacting with young minds and constantly learning new things, which is going to open many opportunities for PES to excel in the field of technology.”
While he is pouring his blood and sweat to grow his own startup, Naveen has one piece of advice for his peers. “Don't think about building a successful company in one night. Concentrate on the services, not the expansion. The rest will follow.”
Website
Conspiracy theorist Alex Jones said refugees ravaged an Idaho town with disease and crime. The town says folks get along just fine
Twin Falls, a town that loves its rodeos and waterfalls, finds its image under siege. Above, high school students from throughout Magic Valley, including Twin Falls, compete in a rodeo. (Robert Gautheir / Los Angeles Times)
The refugees have been coming here for decades, settling in this Idaho town on the edge of a deep canyon carved out by the Snake River.
There were Cambodians. Then Bosnians arrived after the collapse of Yugoslavia. Rwandans fleeing genocide found haven here. Recently, it's been Syrians, Iraqis and Afghans.
They've opened stores and restaurants in Twin Falls, a community of 47,000 that loves its high school rodeos and takes great pride in its biggest natural attraction: the Shoshone Falls, dubbed “the Niagara of the West.” Dairy farms, cornstalks and potato fields sprawl out on both sides of Interstate 84. The open sky is uninterrupted for miles.
Eshef Jasarevic, who had fled Bosnia, liked it all right away. He opened Emma's Cafe three years ago (“Sixty-four Yelp reviews — all five stars,” he boasts with a broad smile). Across town, Sokry Heng's family started an Asian market 15 years ago. Business was good enough that they expanded to a larger location three years ago, also opening an Indian-Asian restaurant and a U-Haul franchise. She employs eight people now.
Twin Falls Mayor Shawn Barigar sees them as a continuation of the story of his city. It reminds him of his heritage — Dutch and Bohemian ancestors who came to Idaho five generations ago to start a new life.
Emma's Cafe owner Eshef Jasarevic, right, with his daughter, Emma at their restaurant. Mayor Shawn Barigar has been busy addressing claims that the steady influx of refugees has caused numerous problems in Twin Falls. Left: Emma's Cafe owner Eshef Jasarevic, standing, with daughter Emma at their restaurant. Right: Mayor Shawn Barigar has been busy addressing claims that the steady influx of refugees has caused numerous problems in Twin Falls. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
But now he sees the city's image under siege — caught in the crossfire between far-right conspiracy theorist Alex Jones and one of the area's largest economic drivers, the yogurt company Chobani, and the debate over refugees spurred by President Trump's proposed travel bans.
Barigar believes Jones went too far by saying the city is being infiltrated by Muslim terrorists spreading disease and committing violent crimes.
“When people who have never been here — who don't understand the fabric of the community — try to tell a story about it without facts, that's detrimental to all of us,” Barigar said.
The damage began last summer when three children assaulted a 5-year-old girl. Word spread fast that the attackers — 14, 10 and 7 — were from refugee families and that the victim was white.
Twin Falls County Prosecutor Grant Loebs says the bad information soon fanned out across a small but vocal segment of the anti-refugee community. There was a knife (false). They were Syrians (false). They raped the child (false). They urinated in her mouth (false).
Anti-refugee activists seized on it, however. The online magazine Slate reported that during City Council meetings, “speaker after speaker stood up to denounce Islam and warn that terror had come to Twin Falls.”
Ultimately, the kids pleaded guilty to felony lewd conduct and misdemeanor battery.
Chobani employees exercise during a break. Chobani workers Michael Leon, left, and Luz Alvarez, center, collect boxes for shipment at the end of the factory's assembly line. Looking south along Highway 93 leading into Twin Falls on the Perrine Bridge. Top: Chobani employees exercise during a break. Left: Workers Michael Leon, left, and Luz Alvarez, center, collect boxes for shipment at the end of the factory's assembly line. Right: Looking south along Highway 93 leading into Twin Falls on the Perrine Bridge. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
“There are many possible reasons why this has been so falsely reported and with such frequency,” Loebs said. “There are people who don't know what they're doing and have no idea what the facts are and just throw stuff out there. And there are people who see this and it fits into their preconceived notions of what they want the story to look like, and they put it out that way.”
Twin Falls County Sheriff Tom Carter agrees. “We have very little issues with criminal activities that have to do with refugees,” he said.
Jones, along with Breitbart News, took direct aim at Chobani and its chief executive, Hamdi Ulukaya, for hiring refugees who they claimed had nefarious intentions while spreading disease and causing crime. Twin Falls took on the collateral damage.
“Idaho Yogurt Maker Caught Importing Migrant Rapists,” Jones read from a Breitbart story.
Shuffling papers on his desk during his broadcast, Jones rattled off more instances of crime and disease descending on Twin Falls.
Twin Falls is glad Chobani sued Alex Jones after he said refugees brought crime and disease to the Idaho town. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
“TB spiked 500% in Twin Falls during 2012 as Chobani opened the plant,” Jones read during a segment on his Infowars program. “The blessings just continue. Seven refugees with active TB sent to Idaho when they know they got it.”
Chobani sued for defamation on April 24 and reserved the right to seek punitive damages. Jones quickly responded on his show, predicting an Idaho jury would not side with the yogurt company.
“You wait until the Idaho jury brother sits there and sees all this and knows all this. Won't matter half of them work at your damn plant. They hate your guts too,” Jones said. “They hate your thuggery. They hate your bullying. They hate your Islamification. They hate your mutilation. They hate everything Islam does.”
But this is all news — not the real kind — to Twin Falls as well.
Last year, a group of anti-refugee activists gathered signatures for a ballot proposal to close the College of Southern Idaho Refugee Center here. It got 855 signatures — well short of the 3,842 needed to qualify.
The Idaho Department of Health and Welfare debunked the tuberculosis claim, saying refugees are screened properly before entering the country.
High school students compete in a rodeo at the Cassia County fairgrounds. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
(Kyle Kim)
“Idaho typically reports about 10 cases of active TB each year to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, with one or two from the refugee community,” the agency said. “There are five cases being treated in the state today, but none are refugees.”
Zeze Rwasama, director of the refugee program at the College of Southern Idaho, says Twin Falls is a model for how to settle and integrate refugees into a community because it's been doing it for so long and its size makes the transition easier for refugees and the community.
A refugee himself from the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2001 after escaping the genocide in Rwanda, he says it's a mistake to think refugees feel welcomed and ultimately thrive only in big cities in blue states. It works in places like Twin Falls, where the population is 89% white, and in a state that hasn't voted for a Democrat for president in over half a century.
Twin Falls accepts 150 to 300 refugees a year.
“Integration is faster here,” Rwasama said. “They get a job, a place to live and then, perhaps most importantly, a car. Buying a car means they are fully independent.”
All that happens, he says, because there are plenty of jobs in Twin Falls and the cost of living is affordable. Twin Falls' unemployment rate is 3% and the median house price is $149,000. Chobani, which is hiring and is one of the top five employers in the Magic Valley, has been starting people at $12 to $15 an hour.
Another major employer in the area is the dairy industry.
Brittney Stirling serves pho to Mormon missionaries at the Pho Taki Little India Restaurant. The market/restaurant is owned by a Chinese/Cambodian couple who moved to Twin Falls in 2002. Bob Naerebout, executive director of the Idaho Dairymen's Association, says the dairy industry has benefitted from the steady flow of refugees. At left, Brittney Stirling serves pho to Mormon missionaries at Pho Taki and Little India. The market and restaurant is owned by a Chinese Cambodian couple who moved to Twin Falls in 2002. At right, Bob Naerebout, executive director of the Idaho Dairymen's Assn., says the industry has benefited from the steady flow of refugees. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
Idaho is among the top five dairy producers in the country, and Bob Naerebout, executive director of the Idaho Dairymen's Assn., says there is no visa program for dairies to fill jobs with immigrant labor.
“The refugee labor pool is absolutely critical to the dairy industry,” Naerebout said. “Without them, it would be real trouble.”
He says average wages for refugees on a dairy farm start at $11 to $12 an hour. At one of the largest dairy farms in the area, 60 of the 220 workers are refugees.
Like others in Twin Falls, Naerebout is frustrated by the broad brush painted by Jones and others who never bothered to visit the area or talk to people who interact with refugees on a regular basis. He's glad Chobani sued Jones to protect the company's reputation and, by extension, the image of the area.
So is Fathe Noori, a 32-year-old refugee from Afghanistan.
A base jumper leaps from the Perrine Bridge above the Snake River, where one can jump without a permit. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
A former translator for the U.S. Army, Noori says there have been some bumps along the way integrating into Twin Falls — a lone teacher pushing Christianity on his children and graffiti defacing the local mosque. But he says most people are friendly and helpful.
When about five people staged a protest on the mosque property, he says, it was a Christian neighbor who called police to have them moved off the private grounds.
Noori says he's adjusting to life in Twin Falls and likes the area and the people. His kids have grown to love watching and playing basketball — though soccer is still his favorite sport. He says they've been to rodeos and fairs.
They've watched people base-jump from the Perrine Bridge that spans the Snake River, their colorful chutes circling and drifting down to the water's edge to land. Finding a few things to enjoy within the Twin Falls culture — especially sports — has made it easier to adapt to their new life.
Twin Falls never considered the attempted anti-refugee ballot measure, but its government did take action on refugees this year. The council passed an ordinance called “Idahome for All,” and postcards were handed out and placed around town that read, “I am a resident of Twin Falls, Idaho. I support refugees in our community. I urge you to do the same.”
FOR THE RECORD
8:46 a.m.: A previous version of this article stated that Twin Falls is located along Interstate 40. It is on Interstate 84.
Visitors view a rainbow in the mist from Shoshone Falls on the Snake River. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)
Support our journalism Already a subscriber? Thank you for your support. If you are not, please consider subscribing today. Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks.
robert.gauthier@latimes.com
Twitter: @rgaut999
david.montero@latimes.com
Twitter: @davemontero
OnePlus 3 to be Launched on June 14, Invite-Free
The OnePlus 3 has been leaked over and over again by now, and we just about know everything there is to the device. The 6GB RAM totting variant also made it through TENAA, so we can hope for a very good package overall.
The final pieces of information flowing in before the launch of the device is the launch date itself. While previously restricted to unsubstantiated murmurings in the tech circles, it is now officially confirmed that the OnePlus 3 will launch on June 14, 2016. The OnePlus 3 launch event, just like that of the OnePlus 2 before it, will be held in Virtual Reality this year. The VR stream will begin at 4.30 pm UTC/GMT, or 12.30 pm Eastern Time.
Perhaps the most interesting piece of information flowing in today is that the OnePlus 3 will be released and made available for sale Invite-free. Unlike previous devices from OnePlus which kept up with the tradition of much-hated invites, the OnePlus 3 thankfully abandons it completely. This means that you can purchase the device from its date of sales without jumping through the hassles of invites, invite giveaways, or invite competitions.
“With the OnePlus 3, we're officially saying goodbye to invites. It's a big step for us as a company, our fans, and fellow tech enthusiasts. After sending out millions of invites over the past two years, it's hard to not think back to the early days and how far we've come. We're proud to have reached a point where we feel confident in making our new device available without invites from day one.”
Along with this, OnePlus's recent partnership with Amazon in the UK coupled with the invite-free sales should theoretically make the OnePlus 3 much more easy to access. We do have a tiny bit of apprehension of OnePlus pulling it off with zero hitches, but an invite-free sales method is still plenty good news. The OnePlus 3 will go on sale during the first two hours of the VR Launch event to provide the audience a chance to participate in a “global VR shopping experience”. Post the event, sales of the device will begin on OnePlus.net at 3 pm Eastern Time or 7 pm GMT/UTC. Download The Loop app to catch the launch event live. Whether you love OnePlus or hate them, there is one less point to complain about with the OnePlus 3. We hope the company manages to address all other remaining issues and complaints prior to the device launch.
What are your thoughts on the OnePlus 3, now that it is invite-free? Let us know in the comments below!
The long gun registry was controversial from the moment it was first proposed in the early 1990s. Despite everything that's happened since – its use as an election issue by the Reform, Alliance and finally the Conservative parties, its role as a wedge issue in rural and northern ridings, its final destruction (outside Quebec) when the Conservatives got a majority government, Quebec's long and ultimately futile effort to use the courts to save its data, improbably, it still has the power to entangle governments.
The registry helped to bring the Conservatives to power, but its ghost, impartially, seems willing to haunt governments of any party.
Thursday morning, federal Information Commissioner Suzanne Legeault issued a scathing denunciation of the RCMP's handling of an access-to-information request for parts of the long gun data, which she said should lead to charges against the Mounties who destroyed data to which, she wrote, the requester was entitled.
(Since it became law in 1985, nobody has ever been charged under the Access to Information Act.)
On Wednesday, La Presse identified the requester as Bill Clennett, a Gatineau, Que. man who is best known for having been grabbed by the neck in 1996 by then-prime minister Jean Chretien at an event in Hull, Que.
“I concluded that the RCMP destroyed records responsive to the request with the knowledge that these records were subject to the right of access,” Legault wrote in letters to the speakers of the House of Commons and the Senate made public today.
READ MORE: Information commissioner wants Mounties charged for destroying gun registry data
The report shed light on some otherwise bewildering clauses buried in an omnibus bill tabled in Parliament last week, which retroactively exempted the registry data from the Access to Information Act, as well as any information about how the data was destroyed.
“The proposed changes in Bill C-59 will deny the right of access of the complainant, it will deny the complainant's recourse in court and it will render null and void any potential liability against the Crown,” Legault wrote. “Bill C-59 sets a perilous precedent against Canadians' quasi-constitutional right to know.”
WATCH: Conservative MP wants to see all long gun registry data destroyed
READ MORE: Bill casts veil of secrecy over long gun registry's destruction
–
In January of 2013, when it was clear that the long gun registry was doomed, Global News filed an access-to-information request for a redacted form of the registry database itself. If we ever wanted to work with the data, it was clear that it was our last chance. Our approach owed a lot to one taken a few years earlier by Glen McGregor at the Ottawa Citizen, who asked the RCMP for extensive data about the guns in the registry, but minimal data about their owners – just the first two characters of their postal codes. Two character postal codes are very large areas (all of Burlington, Ont., for example), and there is no chance of identifying an individual gun owner from the data.
In June, after we'd lost hope of ever getting the data (the RCMP hadn't been returning calls for months) it suddenly arrived.
As far as we can make out, this version has fewer data than Clennett was looking for in his request – he also wanted the serial numbers of the firearms, for example.
The long gun registry, in its complete form, is gone, but the redacted version is the most complete data set about Canadians and their firearms which is ever likely to become public. It's out of date, but there's no better alternative.
Lots of insights are buried in the data:
What kinds of guns are most attractive to thieves, relative to the number owned
Roughly how many of a given type of controversial firearms are owned across the country, and more or less where
are across the country, and more or less where As Quebec seeks to establish a provincial long gun registry, how successful it will be. Measuring the provincial registry against the legacy data from the federal registry from Quebec is the most obvious test
You can download the data here. (Update, May 15: The file hit Dropbox's download restrictions, so I've moved it to Google Drive.)
Here's an alternate link.
It's a very large .txt file of about eight million lines, about 141 MB zipped, and 876 MB unzipped.
[laughs] Simple.
crossfadr: When you guys were first recording, did you consciously try to come up with a new sound, a new musical genre?
DJ Pierre: No not really, we were just trying to make something unique and different that also sounded good!
crossfadr: Why did you call your first recording “Acid Trax?”
DJ Pierre: Because the people had named it that. Rumors were all around Chicago about this new track that Ron Hardy was playing wascalled “Acid Trax.” They said the track made you respond as if you were on acid…so the saying goes. So we didn't re-invent the wheel, we just kept the name.
crossfadr: Was your music at the time influenced by psychedelic drugs?
DJ Pierre: Absolutely not. I've never done drugs man. We actually did a track called “Your Only Friend,” but you may know it as “The Cocaine Song.” Basically this menacing voice (Spanky) saying what will happen if you mess with drugs, “I'll take your life from you” etc. It was a warning and we hoped people took notice. So we were always drug free. All my productions were done from a natural high. Even when I DJ…the people are my high. I get offered all the time but refuse. People are shocked when I say I don't even drink…at all. But that's the way God made me. I've never gravitated to any mind-altering substance.
crossfadr: Acid house seemed underground in Chicago, but got majorly big in the UK. Were you able to cash in on the success of the genre you helped create?
DJ Pierre: Not at the time that it was very big in Europe because I had NO idea. My label at the time (Trax Records) was underhandedly exporting tons of copies without compensating us. I didn't make it to the UK until 1991 as a DJ. I found out when a reporter from London came looking for me. So for years they profited but in the end we have the legacy as the creators of this genre and over the years, saw the profits as well. So it all worked out for our benefit. What is for you…is for you. Period.
crossfadr: Why do you think house music is so much bigger in Europe than it is in America?
DJ Pierre: Because the tracks hit the UK top 40 charts back in the late 80's and they still do. Europe is a different machine. They embrace this music like the US embraces pop, hip-hop, etc.
crossfadr: How many records have you recorded over the years?
DJ Pierre: Definitely more than 100.
crossfadr: What have you been working on lately?
DJ Pierre: I have 4 huge projects coming out. On BNR Records (Boys Noize Records) I have a two-track release coming out titled “Acid” and “Jack The Groove.” That's out in late February, March. I have another two-track release set to come out before summer on Steve Aoki's label Dim Mak, called “Strobe Lights, Laser, Disco” and “Let Me See U Dance.” I'm also remaking “We Are Phuture” with Carl Cox on Bush Records. That's set to come out in March. Lastly I'm doing an original production with Reggae/pop star Sean Paul. That's set to come out for Summer 2012 as well.
crossfadr: What about live appearances?
DJ Pierre: I'm putting together a live show that will consist of me using drum machines and the 303 with my laptop and a live vocalist or named performer. That will be ready before summer 2012. I'll be performing the new tracks on BNR, Bush Records, Dim Mak, and also a couple of old favorites.
crossfadr: How do you think acid house has been inspirational to dance music and electronic music as a whole?
DJ Pierre: I think it had a great deal of influence on a lot of the top DJ's in the world today. Just ask them and they'll tell you. There would be no trance, no techno. At least not the same. I hear its influence all over. In commercials, in songs. Your article said it best when you wrote LMFAO had it all over their “Sexy” track.
crossfadr: Who are some DJs/producers/artists that inspired you back in the day?
DJ Pierre: Ron Hardy, Lil Louis, Marshall Jefferson, Fingers Inc. to name a few.
crossfadr: What DJs/producers/artists today do you think are doing cool stuff?
DJ Pierre: Afro Jack, Popof, Chris Lake, Boys Noize, Steve Aoki and a few others.
crossfadr: What do you think about the digital DJ movement: Traktor, Serato, DJ controllers, etc.?
DJ Pierre: Well I love the technology. I just want DJs to be real DJs. Don't use the technology to blend two records. Don't use the sync button. If you are using the sync button to help you keep a track on beat, then you're not a real DJ. So I'm open to the technology, I'm endorsing Traktor actually. It's necessary. But like all things new, they can't fall into the wrong hands!
crossfadr: So what's your opinion of the DJ scene at the moment?
DJ Pierre: It's not about how well you can play, it's more about how popular or how hot your tracks are. DJs don't have to know how to DJ well. But with that said I believe that it does make sense if you have hot music out there you should get booked and paid more because of that. But I just want the DJs shows to be hot as well.
crossfadr: What advice would you give to up and coming DJs?
DJ Pierre: Learn and love your craft…and make a hot track!
crossfadr: Today, how can you differentiate acid house from minimal house?
DJ Pierre: I think anything that is totally driven by the acid line should be call acid-whatever.
crossfadr: How would you like to be remembered?
DJ Pierre: As a God-fearing man. A good man, a good husband, father, and son. A good friend and an honest person with good morals and integrity. A giving person. And way down on the list… as one of the inventors of acid house. I haven't perfected everything on the list but I am working towards it everyday.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio is in trouble.
Arpaio has reigned as Maricopa County's highest law enforcement officer for more than 20 years. During that time, his policies -- housing prisoners in tents, serving rotten food in jail, making inmates wear pink underwear, etc. -- have gained international notoriety. He also attracted attention for conducting sweeps of undocumented immigrants, which drew charges of racial profiling from the Department of Justice. Arpaio's actions have been criticized by Amnesty International, the ACLU and the New York Times editorial board, which billed him as “America's Worst Sheriff.”
Advertisement:
Apart from being habitual lawbreakers, Arpaio's Maricopa County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) has also proven extremely costly to taxpayers: "Politically charged investigations and legal disputes involving Maricopa County elected officials," prominent among them Arpaio, "cost taxpayers at least $44.4 million" between 2008 and 2014, according to the Arizona Republic.
In recent years, Arpaio used his connections in Arizona to go after political enemies. Investigations targeted political opponents, mayors, journalists, judges, and even members of the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors. In one particularly disturbing case, Arpaio had Michael Lacey and Jim Larkin, founders of The Phoenix New Times, arrested for publishing a column that revealed Arpaio's address. They were hauled out of their homes in the middle of the night by MCSO officers and briefly jailed; the charges against them were dropped the next day and the county eventually settled a lawsuit, brought by Lacey and Larkin, for $3.75 million, according The Arizona Republic.
A 2010 report from the county's Office of Budget and Management, also revealed the MCSO had misspent as much as $80 million in funds meant for jail operations over a five-year period.
It gets weirder: In 2011, Arpaio dispatched investigators to Hawaii to investigate President Barack Obama's allegedly fraudulent birth certificate. Even though Arpaio held a press conference to declare the document a forgery, Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, Arizona Sec. of State Ken Bennett and several Hawaiian officials all dismissed the allegations. However, in spite of Arpaio's abuses, witch hunts and financial mismanagement, he has been elected six times and survived two recalls.
Each time controversy has embroiled Arpaio, he has still managed to maintain a stranglehold on the Sheriff's Office. But his problems now seem to be coming to a head. In 2013, a federal judge ruled against Arpaio in a civil-rights complaint filed by Latinos in the county who alleged that they had been disproportionately targeted by the Sheriff's Office. The federal judge who oversaw the case, G. Murray Snow, has been holding hearings this month to determine if Arpaio has instituted reforms mandated by the court. Things have not gone especially well for Arpaio in these hearings, as evinced by thefollowing summary of testimony taken yesterday in court:
U.S. District Judge Murray Snow cracked open the window to the voluminous and bizarre investigations of Dennis Montgomery, a Seattle man Arpaio's office hired as a confidential informant. Montgomery made a name for himself as an alleged con artist after he convinced the CIA that he was able to decode secret al-Qaida messages shortly after the 9/11 attacks. Arpaio confirmed his office's transactions with Montgomery in a bombshell contempt of court hearing last month, but provided few and vague details about the scope of Montgomery's work.
Even more damning, however, was the revelation several weeks ago that Arpaio had launched an effort to discredit Judge Snow himself. According to Fox News Latino:
Advertisement:
Snow said documents handed over by Arpaio's office showed the police agency had aimed to track any calls between the court and Justice Department officials. Snow also said the documents suggest Arpaio's office believed someone had undermined the process for selecting a judge for the profiling case, even though judges are randomly selected. "The very existence of these documents in MCSO's files causes me concerns," Snow said, calling the theory being pursued by the sheriff's office "bogus."
While hearings are ongoing, it is not too soon to wonder what happens to Arpaio once they conclude. "Sheriff Joe" once enjoyed towering popularity in Maricopa County: Back in 2000, Arpaio received a commanding 66 percent of the vote. But in his last election, in 2012, he received a little over 50 percent of the vote. Arpaio is running for reelection in 2016, and there are signs that voters may have tired of his antics. A PPP poll released earlier this month showed that only 38 percent of Maricopa County residents had a favorable impression of Arpaio, compared to 53 percent of residents who had a negative impression.
So is the tide finally turning? Amongst in-county experts, opinions differ.
Mary Westheimer, who has lived in Phoenix, Ariz. for more than 30 years, said Arpaio has used sharp fundraising, charm and fear to stay in power. He is media savvy and has turned some of his stunts into money-making ventures, such as selling branded pink underwear and pink handcuffs. He has already amassed more than $5 million in his campaign war chest.
“Voters keep reelecting him,” said Westheimer, who campaigned for Arpaio's opponent Paul Penzone in the last election, “because he is very wily, and a master of public relations."While Westheimer has never personally met Arpaio, his reputation, for charming voters and ruthlessly targeting his opponents, spans far and wide.
Advertisement:
“Arpaio has gone after judges, supervisors and reporters who he felt crossed him," Westheimer said. "Even many of those who came out on top legally fought for years and spent lots of money to clear their names. We, the taxpayers, ended up paying many of them huge sums, of course."
"If I start having problems after this article is published, we will all know why."
Arpaio has been in office since 1992, but Westheimer thinks next year's election might be a chance for voters to finally get rid of him.
Advertisement:
“The chances of him being voted out of office in 2016 are better than they have ever been,” Westheimer said. “Last election, he won by the thinnest margin yet, and now that his abuses are being aired. At this point, I believe he is vulnerable.”
However Bert Martinez, a Mesa, Ariz.-based political marketing expert, disagrees says the 82-year-old Arpaio is viewed as a hero by many local residents.
“Maricopa County has a large aging population,” Martinez said. “Sheriff Joe is seen as energetic and healthy, an example that senior citizens can lead active and productive lives.”
Advertisement:
“[Arpaio] is perceived to be tough on crime; he publicly punishes and humiliates inmates. He's also perceived as an everyday working class stiff, fighting bureaucratic red tape. The US vs. them mentality works in his favor,” he said.
Martinez doubts if Arpaio will be ousted next year.
“The only way that Joe Arpaio will be voted out is if there's a new sheriff that's more charismatic and can bring something new to the table,” he said.
Democrat Steve Gallardo, who sits on the five-member Maricopa County Board of Supervisors, is a fierce critic of Arpaio. He said Arpaio is bad for Maricopa County and Arizona.
Advertisement:
“I have called for Sheriff Joe Arpaio to resign for the last five years,” Gallardo said. “I think he has done more harm to the state of Arizona than any other elected official in recent history.”
According to Gallardo, Arpaio has used his power to falsely arrest his political enemies, including elected officials. However, the taxpayer ends up paying for Arpaio's crimes.
“Unfortunately the taxpayer has to pay the bill,” said Gallardo, who pointed out money for settlements comes out of the general fund, not the MCSO budget.
He also cited a case where the MCSO had failed to investigate 400 sex crimes against children. Gallardo said the county recently settled a case with one of the victims for $3.5 million.
Advertisement:
“[Arpaio] has made a mockery out of this law enforcement agency,” Gallardo said. “He has become an enemy of the public. I believe it's time for Sheriff Joe to resign.”
After posting another solid quarter, and year, you'd think Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) stock would be flying high. In fact, just recently, several analysts have either maintained or even raised their price targets, including one suggesting Facebook will hit $105 a share. Considering Facebook is currently sitting at about $74 a share and change, that's a lot of upside, especially after performing so well in 2014.
But based on Facebook's stock price since announcing earnings on Jan. 28 -- after an initial pop, it's actually declined by over $3 a share -- investors have a few concerns. And while Facebook does face some challenges, that doesn't necessarily mean its recent decline in value is warranted, or that it will continue. However, for investors considering Facebook, there are a few areas worth keeping an eye on.
The elephant in the room
Though Facebook CFO Dave Wehner warned investors months ago that spending would increase, this recent quarter's expenses still caught a few by surprise. As per Wehner before the recent earning news, overhead could jump by as much as 70% compared to previous quarters. Turns out, Wehner was overly optimistic.
On a GAAP (including one-time items) basis, Facebook spent a whopping 87% more in 2014's Q4 than it did the prior year. The dramatic increase in overhead was attributed to a few factors: as per COO Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook continues to invest in its ad measurement tools, as well as prepping for the roll-out of video spots across its site.
Toss in infrastructure-related costs and assimilating recent acquisitions, particularly the $19 billion WhatsApp, let alone the $2 billion deal for Oculus, and overhead was sure to skyrocket. Worth keeping an eye on going forward are future expenditures. Why? Because according to Wehner, Facebook is likely to increase spending even further in 2015, by as much as 50% to 75% over last year's inflated outlay.
A dose of Instagram, if you please
As noted in a recent article leading up to Jan. 28's earnings news, there were a couple of key areas Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg could share that would have investors cheering. One, pushing high-priced video ads out to the masses will begin paying dividends in 2015.
Facebook video ads are coming none too soon as it tries to make a dent in Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) dominant video ad market share, thanks to its wildly popular YouTube property. According to eMarketer estimates, video spots will generate nearly $8 billion in sales this year, of which Google owns about 19%. And Google's ramping up its own video spot solutions, to not only gain market share, but fend off the likes of Facebook.
The other item investors would have loved to hear was that Facebook was making a concerted effort to truly monetize Instagram -- now. Unfortunately, that was conspicuously absent from Facebook's earnings call. There's no denying Instagram and It's now over 300 million monthly average users (MAUs) is ideally suited for Facebook-like spots, especially video -- it's a natural for a photo-sharing site. But it appears investors will need to wait a while longer.
As for the future
Though certainly not a major issue, another area worth monitoring is Facebook's MAU growth -- or lack thereof. Last quarter's 1.39 billion MAUs was only a slight improvement over Q3's 1.35 billion. Of course, Facebook properties like WhatsApp boasts over 700 million MAUs, and Messenger has skyrocketed to over 500 million, so considering its multiple platforms, user growth continues. However, as things stand, its primary site is responsible for the vast majority of revenues today, so until its other platforms start adding meaningfully to sales, growth hinges on Facebook alone.
The MAU "problem" is that there are more people across the globe without Internet access than with it. So until Zuckerberg's Internet.org initiative takes off, and Google starts sending its Project Loon connectivity balloons and solar-powered drones into orbit, where's Facebook's MAU growth going to come from?
When it's all said and done, analyst estimates of $100 a share aren't far-fetched as Facebook continues pumping up the ad revenues. But as is the case with any stock, that doesn't mean there aren't a few roadblocks Facebook will need to overcome along the way. Are expenses, delays in monetizing Instagram, or slowing MAU growth deal-breakers? No, not at all, but they are worth keeping tabs on.
A man who presumably climbed into a dumpster for shelter was found seriously injured at the Recology recycling center at Pier 96 early Monday morning after workers brought the man with the rest of the recycling they had collected, emergency officials said.
The incident was reported at 6:30 a.m. when employees found the man atop a load of recycling, according to Recology spokesperson Robert Reed.
The man “had trauma consistent with being crushed,” Fire Department spokesperson Jonathan Baxter said, and was taken to a hospital in critical condition.
The front-loader recycling truck, which specifically collects recycling from metal containers like dumpsters, had finished its route collecting recycling from commercial facilities in the Bayview and Potrero Hill areas and arrived at the Pier 96 facility when the man was discovered.
“Our employees did a really good job,” Reed said. “They didn't try to move him, he was never touched by any of the equipment inside the plant [and] they immediately called 911.”
He added, “They stayed there to monitor this gentleman. They kept him talking until the paramedics arrived.”
Click here or scroll down to comment
Francis S. Collins, a physician and the geneticist behind the Human Genome Project, is the director of the National Institutes of Health. He is also founder of the BioLogos Foundation (biologos.org), a group that fosters discussions about the intersection of Christianity and science.
Are science and religion compatible?
I am privileged to be somebody who tries to understand nature using the tools of science. But it is also clear that there are some really important questions that science cannot really answer, such as: Why is there something instead of nothing? Why are we here? In those domains I have found that faith provides a better path to answers. I find it oddly anachronistic that in today's culture there seems to be a widespread presumption that scientific and spiritual views are incompatible.
When people think of those views as incompatible, what is lost?
Science and faith can actually be mutually enriching and complementary once their proper domains are understood and respected. Extreme cartoons representing antagonistic perspectives on either end of the spectrum are often the ones that get attention, but most people live somewhere in the middle.
You've said that a blooming flower is not a miracle since we know how that happens. As a geneticist, you've studied human life at a fundamental level. Is there a miracle woven in there somewhere?
Oh, yes. At the most fundamental level, it's a miracle that there's a universe at all. It's a miracle that it has order, fine-tuning that allows the possibility of complexity, and laws that follow precise mathematical formulas. Contemplating this, an open-minded observer is almost forced to conclude that there must be a “mind” behind all this. To me, that qualifies as a miracle, a profound truth that lies outside of scientific explanation.
David Lynch is drawn to eccentric, unusual projects—like Showtime's current return to his iconic Twin Peaks—because he is quite obviously an eccentric, unusual man. A recent interview with The Telegraph kicked off with one of the weirdest Lynch anecdotes we've ever heard. And that's saying a lot.
Twitter took note:
Advertisement
The article goes on to characterize the story as the perfect embodiment of the director's spooky but oddly humorous aesthetic, so unique it can only be called “Lynchian.” That may be so, but (much like every other thing that is “Lynchian”) we have a lot of follow-up questions.
Twitter, again, stepped in with some photo proof of Lynch's five identical frenemies:
Advertisement
And a quick search turned up this vintage video clip of Lynch, in which he introduces the Woody Woodpeckers (“the boys”) and thanks his fans for supporting his new film, Eraserhead. Oh, and...
The boys wanted me to wish you peace and happiness. These guys aren't just a bunch of goofballs. They know that there's plenty of suffering in the world... they spent many years with little iron hooks in their backs up on Sunset Boulevard. But they tell me there's this all-pervading happiness underneath everything, and the more time I spend with them the more I believe it.
Everything seems so nice and happy on the couch here, with Dave and the boys. Clearly, those “certain traits” that made him change his mind about the dolls had yet to appear at this point.
Advertisement
So, like, WHAT HAPPENED? If you have a theory or a guess—or if you happen to be David Lynch and can give us the inside scoop, please do share.
Weird Tales Sturgeon's "The Perfect Host" was the cover story in the November 1948
Fantastic Adventures An early version of Sturgeon's first novel, "The Dreaming Jewels", was the cover story in the February 1950 issue of
Planet Stories Sturgeon's novella "The Incubi of Parallel X" was the cover story in the September 1951
Theodore Sturgeon (; born Edward Hamilton Waldo, February 26, 1918 – May 8, 1985) was an American writer, primarily of fantasy, science fiction and horror. He was also a critic. He wrote approximately 400 reviews and more than 200 stories.[2]
Sturgeon's science fiction novel More Than Human (1953) won the 1954 International Fantasy Award (for SF and fantasy) as the year's best novel and the Science Fiction Writers of America ranked "Baby is Three" number five among the "Greatest Science Fiction Novellas of All Time" to 1964. Ranked by votes for all of their pre-1965 novellas, Sturgeon was second among authors, behind Robert Heinlein.
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame inducted Sturgeon in 2000, its fifth class of two dead and two living writers.[3]
Biography [ edit ]
Sturgeon was born Edward Hamilton Waldo in Staten Island, New York in 1918. His name was legally changed to Theodore Sturgeon at age eleven after his mother's divorce and remarriage to William Dicky ("Argyll") Sturgeon.[4]
He sold his first story in 1938 to the McClure Syndicate, which bought much of his early work. His first genre story[citation needed] was "Ether Breather", published by John W. Campbell in the September 1939 issue of Astounding Science Fiction.[2] At first he wrote mainly short stories, primarily for genre magazines such as Astounding and Unknown, but also for general-interest publications such as Argosy Magazine. He used the pen name "E. Waldo Hunter" when two of his stories ran in the same issue of Astounding. A few of his early stories were signed "Theodore H. Sturgeon."
Sturgeon ghost-wrote one Ellery Queen mystery novel, The Player on the Other Side (Random House, 1963). This novel gained critical praise from critic H. R. F. Keating: "[I] had almost finished writing Crime and Mystery: the 100 Best Books, in which I had included The Player on the Other Side ... placing the book squarely in the Queen canon"[5] when he learned that it had been written by Sturgeon. Similarly, William DeAndrea, author and winner of Mystery Writers of America awards, selecting his ten favorite mystery novels for the magazine Armchair Detective, picked The Player on the Other Side as one of them. He said: "This book changed my life ... and made a raving mystery fan (and therefore ultimately a mystery writer) out of me. ... The book must be 'one of the most skilful pastiches in the history of literature. An amazing piece of work, whomever did it'."[5]
Disliking arguments with Campbell over editorial decisions, after 1950 Sturgeon only published one story in Astounding.[6] Sturgeon wrote the screenplays for the Star Trek episodes "Shore Leave" (1966) and "Amok Time" (1967, written up and published as a Bantam Books "Star Trek Fotonovel" in 1978).[2] The latter is known for its invention of pon farr, the Vulcan mating ritual; first use of the sentence "Live long and prosper";[7] and first use of the Vulcan hand symbol. Sturgeon is also sometimes credited as having deliberately put homosexual subtext in his work, like the back-rub scene in "Shore Leave", and the short story "The World Well Lost". Sturgeon also wrote several episodes of Star Trek that were never produced. One of these was notable for having first introduced the Prime Directive. He also wrote an episode of the Saturday morning show Land of the Lost, "The Pylon Express", in 1975. Two of Sturgeon's stories were adapted for The New Twilight Zone. One, "A Saucer of Loneliness", was broadcast in 1986 and was dedicated to his memory. Another short story, "Yesterday was Monday", was the inspiration for The New Twilight Zone episode "A Matter of Minutes". His 1944 novella "Killdozer!" was the inspiration for the 1970s made-for-TV movie, Marvel comic book, and alternative rock band of the same name.
Sturgeon is well known among readers of classic science-fiction anthologies. At the height of his popularity in the 1950s he was the most anthologized English-language author alive.[8][9] Describing "To Here and the Easel" as "a stunning portrait of personality disassociation as perceived from the inside", Carl Sagan said that many of Sturgeon's works were among the "rare few science‐fiction novels [that] combine a standard science‐fiction theme with a deep human sensitivity".[10] John Clute wrote in The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction: "His influence upon writers like Harlan Ellison and Samuel R. Delany was seminal, and in his life and work he was a powerful and generally liberating influence in post-WWII US sf". He is not much known by the general public, however, and he won comparatively few awards. (One was the World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement from the 1985 World Fantasy Convention.)[1] His best work was published before the establishment and consolidation of the leading genre awards, while his later production was scarcer and weaker.[citation needed] He was listed[according to whom?] as a primary influence on the much more famous Ray Bradbury.
Sturgeon's original novels were all published between 1950 and 1961, and the bulk of his short story work dated from the 1940s and 1950s. Though he continued to write through 1983, his work rate dipped noticeably in the later years of his life; a 1971 story collection entitled Sturgeon Is Alive And Well addressed Sturgeon's seeming withdrawal from the public eye in a tongue-in-cheek manner. Sturgeon lived for several years in Springfield, Oregon.[11] He died on May 8, 1985, of lung fibrosis, at Sacred Heart General Hospital in the neighboring city of Eugene.[11]
He was a member of the all-male literary banqueting club the Trap Door Spiders, which served as the basis of Isaac Asimov's fictional group of mystery solvers the Black Widowers. Sturgeon was the inspiration for the recurrent character of Kilgore Trout in the novels of Kurt Vonnegut.[12]
Sturgeon's Law [ edit ]
In 1951, Sturgeon coined what is now known as Sturgeon's Law: "Ninety percent of [science fiction] is crud, but then, ninety percent of everything is crud." This was originally known as Sturgeon's Revelation; Sturgeon has said that "Sturgeon's Law" was originally "Nothing is always absolutely so." However, the former statement is now widely referred to as Sturgeon's Law. He is also known for his dedication to a credo of critical thinking that challenged all normative assumptions: "Ask the next question." He represented this credo by the symbol of a Q with an arrow through it, an example of which he wore around his neck and used as part of his signature in the last 15 years of his life.
Life and family [ edit ]
Sturgeon was a distant relative of Ralph Waldo Emerson, and through his Waldo, Hamilton Dicker and Dunn ancestors, a direct descendant of numerous influential Puritan, Presbyterian, and Anglican clergymen. Both Sturgeon and his brother Peter eventually became atheists,[citation needed] although Sturgeon continuously developed his own highly imaginative spiritual side. If Sturgeon was aware of much of his ancestry or stories associated with it, he never shared them with his friends or children, although the short "I Say—Ernest" (1972) does bring to life one wing of his ministerial family.
Sturgeon's sibling, Peter Sturgeon, wrote technical material for the pharmaceutical industry and the WHO, and founded the American branch of Mensa.
Peter and Theodore's birth father, Edward Waldo, was a color and dye manufacturer of middling success. With his second wife, Anne, he had one daughter, Joan.
Peter and Theodore's mother, Christine Hamilton Dicker (Waldo) Sturgeon, was a well-educated writer, watercolorist, and poet who published journalism, poetry, and fiction under the name Felix Sturgeon.
Their stepfather, William Dickie Sturgeon (sometimes known as Argyll), was a mathematics teacher at a prep school and then Romance Languages Professor at Drexel Institute [later Drexel Institute of Technology] in Philadelphia.
Sturgeon held a wide variety of jobs during his lifetime.
As an adolescent, he wanted to be a circus acrobat; an episode of rheumatic fever prevented him from pursuing this.
From 1935 (aged 17) to 1938, he was a sailor in the merchant marine, and elements of that experience found their way into several stories.
He sold refrigerators door to door.
He managed a hotel in Jamaica around 1940–1941, worked in several construction and infrastructure jobs (driving a bulldozer in Puerto Rico, operating a gas station and truck lubrication center, work at a drydock) for the US Army in the early war years, and by 1944 was an advertising copywriter.
In addition to freelance fiction and television writing, he also operated a literary agency (which was eventually transferred to Scott Meredith), worked for Fortune magazine and other Time Inc. properties on circulation, and edited various publications. Sturgeon had somewhat irregular output, frequently suffering from writer's block.
Theodore Sturgeon vividly recalled being in the same room with L. Ron Hubbard, when Hubbard became testy with someone there and retorted, "Y'know, we're all wasting our time writing this hack science fiction! You wanta make real money, you gotta start a religion!" Reportedly Sturgeon also told this story to others.[citation needed]
Sturgeon played guitar and wrote music which he sometimes performed at Science Fiction Conventions.
Sturgeon was married three times, had two long-term committed relationships outside of marriage, divorced once, and fathered a total of seven children.
His first wife was Dorothe Fillingame (married 1940, divorced 1945) with whom he had two daughters, Patricia and Cynthia.
He was married to singer Mary Mair from 1949 until an annulment in 1951.
In 1953, he wed Marion McGahan with whom he had a son, Robin (b. 1952); daughters Tandy (b. 1954) and Noël (b. 1956); and son Timothy (b. 1960). The children in "Tandy's Story" (1961) have the same names as these children. [13]
In 1969, he began living with Wina Golden, a journalist, with whom he had a son, Andros. [14] [15]
Finally, his last long-term committed relationship was with writer and educator Jayne Engelhart Tannehill, with whom he remained until the time of his death.
Sturgeon was a lifelong pipe smoker. His death from lung fibrosis may have been caused by exposure to asbestos during his Merchant Marine years.
Novels [ edit ]
Novelizations [ edit ]
Sturgeon, under his own name, was hired to write novelizations of the following movies based on their scripts (links go to articles about the movies):
Pseudonymous novels [ edit ]
I, Libertine (1956): Historical novel created as a for-hire hoax. Credited to "Frederick R. Ewing", written from a premise by Jean Shepherd.
(1956): Historical novel created as a for-hire hoax. Credited to "Frederick R. Ewing", written from a premise by Jean Shepherd. The Player on The Other Side (1963): Mystery novel credited to Ellery Queen and ghost-written with Queen's assistance and supervision.
Short stories [ edit ]
Sturgeon published numerous short story collections during his lifetime, many drawing on his most prolific writing years of the 1940s and 1950s.
Note that some reprints of these titles (especially paperback editions) may cut one or two stories from the line-up. Statistics herein refer to the original editions only.
Collections published during Sturgeon's lifetime [ edit ]
The following table includes sixteen volumes (one of them collecting western stories). These are considered "original" collections of Sturgeon material, in that they compiled previously uncollected stories. However, some volumes did contain a few reprinted stories: this list includes books that collected only previously uncollected material, as well as those volumes that collected mostly new material, but also contained up to three stories (representing no more than half the book) that were previously published in a Sturgeon collection.
Title Year Number
of stories previously
collected Originally published Earliest story The Latest story Without Sorcery 1948 13 1939 1947 E Pluribus Unicorn 1953 13 1947 1953 A Way Home 1955 11 1946 1955 Caviar 1955 7 1 1941 1955 A Touch of Strange 1958 11 1953 1958 Aliens 4 1959 4 1944 1958 Beyond 1960 6 1941 1960 Sturgeon In Orbit 1964 5 1951 1955 Starshine 1966 6 3 1940 1961 Sturgeon Is Alive and Well ... 1971 11 1954 1971 The Worlds of Theodore Sturgeon 1972 10 3 1941 1962 Sturgeon's West (westerns) 1973 7 1949 1973 Case and the Dreamer 1974 3 1962 1973 Visions and Venturers 1978 8 1 1942 1965 The Stars Are The Styx 1979 10 1 1951 1971 The Golden Helix 1979 10 3 1941 1973
The following six collections consisted entirely of reprints of previously collected material:
Title Year Stories Notes Number Earliest Latest Thunder and Roses 1957 8 1946 1955 selected from 11 in 1955's "A Way Home" Not Without Sorcery 1961 8 1939 1941 selected from 13 in 1948's Without Sorcery The Joyous Invasions 1965 3 1955 1958 selected from 4 in 1959's "Aliens 4" To Here and the Easel 1973 6 1941 1958 Maturity 1979 3 1947 1958 Alien Cargo 1984 14 1940 1956
Complete short stories [ edit ]
North Atlantic Books has released they chronologically assembled The Complete Short Stories of Theodore Sturgeon, edited by Paul Williams, since 1994. The series runs to 13 volumes, the last appearing in September 2010. Introductions are provided by Harlan Ellison, Samuel R. Delany, Kurt Vonnegut, Gene Wolfe, Connie Willis, Jonathan Lethem, and others. Extensive "Story Notes" are provided by Paul Williams and (in the last two volumes) Sturgeon's daughter Noël.
The volumes include:
The Ultimate Egoist (1937 to 1940) Microcosmic God (1940 to 1941) Killdozer (1941 to 1946) Thunder and Roses (1946 to 1948) The Perfect Host (1948 to 1950) Baby is Three (1950 to 1952) A Saucer of Loneliness (1953) Bright Segment (1953 to 1955, as well as two "lost" stories from 1946) And Now the News ... (1955 to 1957) The Man Who Lost the Sea (1957 to 1960) The Nail and the Oracle (1961 to 1969) Slow Sculpture (1970 to 1972, plus one 1954 novella and one unpublished story) Case and The Dreamer (1972 to 1983, plus one 1960 story and three unpublished stories)
Representative short stories [ edit ]
Sturgeon was best known for his short stories and novellas. The best-known include:
Autobiography [ edit ]
Argyll: A Memoir, (pamphlet, Sturgeon Project, 1993) an autobiographical sketch about Sturgeon's relationship with his stepfather. Introduction by his editor Paul Williams. Illustrated by Donna Nassar.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
wikiHow marks an article as reader-approved once it receives enough positive feedback. This article has over 353,115 views, and 81% of readers who voted found it helpful. It also received 31 testimonials from readers, earning it our reader-approved status. wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors. To create this article, 50 people, some anonymous, worked to edit and improve it over time. Together, they cited 9 references wikiHow marks an article as reader-approved once it receives enough positive feedback. This article has over 353,115 views, and 81% of readers who voted found it helpful. It also received 31 testimonials from readers, earning it our reader-approved status. Learn more...
In this Article:Article SummaryPreparing for Your DepartureStarting Your JourneySurviving as a RunawayCoping with Potential ProblemsCommunity Q&A9 References
Running away from home, while it sounds liberating and glamorous, is not fun. You'll be sleeping on the street, scrounging for food, and life certainly won't be easy. That being said, sometimes a home situation is so bad that running away still looks like the better option. If you've thought it through and still want to run away, but run away successfully, it's time to start getting ready.
More than 600 concealed-carry permits in Franklin and surrounding counties are invalid because three men issued falsified training certificates to the applicants, Franklin County Sheriff Zach Scott said today. An investigation that began in the spring has resulted in the felony arrests and in letters to 613 people who obtained the certificates, which are needed to apply for a concealed-carry permit. More permits may be affected as the investigation continues, Scott said.
More than 600 concealed-carry permits in Franklin and surrounding counties are invalid because three men issued falsified training certificates to the applicants, Franklin County Sheriff Zach Scott said today.
An investigation that began in the spring has resulted in the felony arrests and in letters to 613 people who obtained the certificates, which are needed to apply for a concealed-carry permit. More permits may be affected as the investigation continues, Scott said.
Deputies have arrested Adam Chaykin, 41, of 2270 Medford Place; Ken Fouch, 48, of 2410 Redrock Blvd.; and John M. Marshall, 62, of 4988 Attica Dr. Each is charged with complicity to falsification to obtain a CCW permit.
Scott said that Marshall, a certified firearms instructor, was selling signed training certificates to Chaykin and Fouch.
Chaykin and Fouch were conducting sessions that fell far short of the required training, which includes at least 10 hours of class time and two hours of range time, Scott said.
In some cases, they did no training at all but provided the certificates anyway, which were being sold for $200 to $300, deputies said.
One undercover officer obtained a certificate not only for himself but for his sister, who wasn�t even there during the transaction, Scott said.
Scott said some of the people who received the certificates were duped, but others probably knew they weren�t fulfilling the requirements.
Recipients of the letters will have 14 days to respond to the sheriff�s office and come up with a plan to receive the correct training. If they do not contact the sheriff�s office, their permit will be suspended and they could face felony prosecution for providing false information for their CCW application, he said.
Anyone with questions may call the Franklin County sheriff�s CCW permit office at 614-525-5090.
DETROIT - A woman who was pregnant last month when two police officers and a paramedic saved her from the Detroit River spoke with Local 4 about what happened.
"It was a night to not want to remember," Ethel Woodger said.
Sitting around a conference table with the people who saved her life, Woodger said she has a new appreciation for the men and women who risk their lives for others.
"They're risking their lives just for me and my child," Woodger said. "It was amazing. It was a blessing."
Woodger was walking April 17 along the Detroit River in Riverside Park when she fell into the freezing waters and couldn't get out. A bystander threw her a coat to hang onto and tried to pull her out with a tree branch, but it didn't work.
Officers Brian Gadwell and Steve Rauser were there within minutes.
"She started to slip," Gadwell said. "We were trying to rip my gear off. I got the heavy stuff off. When she started going under, at that point I had to jump in. It was cold."
The freezing water and the rough current were too much, even for Gadwell. After struggling to keep Woodger above water, he too began to lose strength.
"That's when I looked at my partner and was like, 'Man, I'm going in. I can't hang on any more,'" Gadwell said. "He jumped in and saved me."
Paramedic Chris Ward jumped into the water as well, and a boating crew from the J.W. Westcott pulled up just in time.
"The fire department tied a lifeline around me, I jumped in the water and was able to get her head and her arm through the life preserver, and they were able to pull us both over to the boat," Ward said.
Woodger had an emergency cesarean section that night and now has a beautiful, healthy baby boy. She said he and her two other children were all she could think of.
"I have two other children besides the one I gave birth to," Woodger said. "I knew I couldn't leave the kids with no mother."
Detroit Fire Commissioner Eric Jones said the department has ordered flotation devices for all river-based stations, hoping to prevent something like this from happening in the future.
Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Hey internet. I've got some tough news I have to deliver. Are you sitting down? Do you have a minute? Here, have this picture of a dachshund dressed as a crayon to relax:
Everyone good? Okay here goes.
There's no easy way to say it so I'm just going to say it: Gravity Falls is coming to an end. There are two more episodes left: “Weirdmageddon II: Escape from Reality” and “Weirdmageddon III” which will be our hour-long series finale. After that, Gravity Falls as we know it will be over.
I know how tough this will be for many fans, and I feel you guys. But before you start sending me .GIF's of pitchforks and torches let me explain.
The first thing to know is that the show isn't being cancelled- it's being finished. This is 100% my choice, and It's something I decided on a very long time ago. I always designed Gravity Falls to be a finite series about one epic summer- a series with a beginning, middle, and end. There are so many shows that go on endlessly until they lose their original spark, or mysteries that are cancelled before they ever get a chance to payoff.
But I wanted Gravity Falls to have a mystery that had a real answer, an adventure that had a real climax, and an ending that had a real conclusion for the characters I care so much about. This is very unusual in television and a pretty big experiment, and Disney for their part has been enormously supportive. I know that hits are rare in this business, and It's hard to let one of them go, so I'm so grateful that this company has had the vision to let me start (and end) the show the way I always wanted to.
Why did we wait so long to announce that this was the last season? The truth is, it wasn't up to me. Before we started Season 2, my writers and I decided that this season would be the last. I wanted to announce this to the world at large then, but I was restricted from doing so, mainly because I think a lot of people were hoping I'd change my mind.
But Gravity Falls was never meant to be a series that goes on and on forever. It's meant to be an exploration of the experience of summer, and in a larger sense a story about childhood itself. The fact that childhood ends is exactly what makes it so precious- and why you should cherish it while it lasts.
No words can describe how grateful I am for the millions of fans who have cherished Gravity Falls for the time that it's been on air. Running a TV show, especially one where you write, direct, supervise, and co-star, can be an incredibly grueling experience. But every hand-written letter, tweet, tattoo, piece of art, costume and creation from the fans made this enormous undertaking worthwhile. To the Gravity Falls fandom- I love you guys. You're weird and clever and smart and curious and have been a constant inspiration to me and the crew. You've picked us up when we felt down and pushed and inspired us to do the best work we possibly could. I hope you enjoy watching our finale as much as we enjoyed dreaming it up.
And if you don't, keep it to yourself, pal! Yeesh!
Anyway, I know this will still be hard for a lot of fans to digest, so here's a few FAQ's for you guys.
FAQ:
Is this a prank? You're a real prankster, you are!
Nah man, this is real. The first stage of grief is “denial”- that's why there are people out there who think that Andy Kauffman and Tupac are hiding in the woods waiting to drop 2016′s sickest album. But this is the truth. Besides, just bumming out millions of people for no reason would be a pretty lame prank. My pranks are a lot better than that, give me some credit!
This sucks! I want to be mad at someone! Is there someone I can be mad at?
Being mad is easier than being sad, I get it! But there really are no villains here. My team and I set out to do something and we did it, and the network supported our crazy vision. If you wanna be mad at someone, blame…I don't know… the goat. With his shifty eyes. This is all his fault.
Are they going to make a third season without you? Will it be called “Gravity Falls Babies: The New Class: Generations?”
While that is an amazing idea, and you would make an amazing executive, there are no plans to create another full season.
What's next for you? Are you going to ride the rails with your belongings in a sack, playing the harmonica, going wherever the wind takes you like some kind of tragic folk hero, perhaps named “Johnny Flannel-Britches?”
These questions are getting weirdly specific, guys. The truth is- I don't know! I've spent the last 4 years living & breathing Gravity Falls. I've pulled more all-nighters than anyone I've ever known who didn't work at NASA and basically holed myself up in my office to the exclusion of any sort of actual life. I already have some very exciting opportunities lining up on the horizon after I take a good vacation. We'll see!
How can we continue to stalk follow your exploits?
You can continue to find me on Twitter @_AlexHirsch. I'll be tweeting all sorts of GF goodies leading up to the finale!
Will the last episode be exactly like my head canon? If not, can I firebomb your house?
The jokes on you, because I don't have a house! I live in a “shire.” But seriously- my team works insanely hard to make the best series we can. Of course there's no way to satisfy every single fan's personal theories. But our show reflects a genuine sincere effort by some really talented folks to make the coolest thing we can (with the time and budget available.) Will every single conceivable question ever thought of about Gravity Falls be answered in the end? Of course not. But that just leaves some material for any potential Gravity Falls projects in the future…(including the canon Journal #3 that goes on sale in 2016)
Are you SURE you'll never make more Gravity Falls?
I know that there will be many fans who will be sad to see the Pines family go, but just because I've finished the story I wanted to tell doesn't necessarily mean we will never see Dipper, Mabel, & Stan again. It means that this chapter is closed, and that I, at least for now, am personally done telling their story.
I want to thank Disney, my amazing cast and crew, and most of all our fans for taking this unforgettable road trip with me through the redwoods into a place called Gravity Falls. I look forward to seeing what adventure we go on next.
Your pal,
Alex Hirsch
PS: pqxv tbfoa
PPS: Want to thank the cast and crew for the awesome job they've done? Feel free to use the #GravityFinale
CLOSE Former U.S. Rep. Vern Ehlers, a nuclear physicist and former Calvin College professor who served more than 17 years in Congress as a moderate Republican representing a west Michigan district, died in Grand Rapids on Tuesday. He was 83. Todd Spangler, Detroit Free Press
SPECIAL TO DETROIT - Rep Vern Ehlers (MI) (Photo: CHUCK KENNEDY)
WASHINGTON – Former U.S. Rep. Vern Ehlers, a nuclear physicist and former Calvin College professor who served more than 17 years in Congress as a moderate Republican representing a west Michigan district, died in Grand Rapids on Tuesday. He was 83.
More: Justin Amash's rise as foil to Donald Trump is no surprise
More: Nuclear waste storage near Lake Huron? Congress pushes back
A well-liked and avuncular figure in Congress, Ehlers, who represented Michigan's 3rd Congressional District, entered Congress in late 1993, being elected to replace Paul Henry, who died of brain cancer while in office. Ehlers retired at the end of his eighth full two-year term in 2011.
“They don't make them like Vern anymore,” U.S. Rep. Fred Upton, R-St. Joseph, said today on news of Ehlers' death. “He was so well respected on both sides of the aisle, hard-working, and always a teacher at heart. He committed his life to the service of others.”
Said U.S. Rep. Justin Amash, R-Cascade Township, who replaced Ehlers in Congress representing the 3rd district: “Vern served our community with honor and did his best to represent everyone. My condolences to his loved ones. May his memory be eternal.”
Born Feb. 6, 1934, in Pipestone, Minn., Ehlers trained as a nuclear physicist at the University of California, Berkeley, after attending Calvin College. Earning his doctorate there, he went on to spend a decade teaching and engaging in scientific research before returning to Calvin College as a physics professor.
Ehlers entered government as a Kent County commissioner, serving from 1975-1983, before moving on to the Michigan House of Representatives, where he served a two-year term. He then went to the state Senate, where he served from 1985 to 1993, when he won a special election to replace Henry.
While in Congress, he rose to become chairman of the House Administration Committee, which oversees management and operational matters in the U.S. House. He also served on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and was a fervent supporter of the Great Lakes.
During a subcommittee meeting in 2007, when the prospects of legislation that could result in a water grab from the Great Lakes came up, the genial Ehlers cooly predicted that if that happened, “I would suspect we (in Michigan) would call up the militia and take up arms. We feel that serious about it."
As a legislator at both the state and federal levels, Ehlers helped to implement a statewide 911 protocol, rewrote the nation's science policies and worked to advance scientific education, improve wetlands and address waste storage problems. Also, the Amtrak station in Grand Rapids is named for him.
Among his hobbies were photography and vegetable gardening, according to an obituary appearing on the website of the Zaagman Memorial Chapel in Grand Rapids. No details about his death were released, but he is survived by his wife Johanna and numerous relatives.
According to the obituary, a celebration of Ehlers's life will take place Aug. 24, at 3 p.m. at Eastern Avenue Christian Reformed Church, 514 Eastern Ave SE, Grand Rapids. Memorial contributions may be made to any of the following: Vernon and Johanna Ehlers scholarship at Calvin College; John and Alice Ehlers scholarship at Calvin Theological Seminary; Grand Rapids Community Foundation, Challenge Scholars Program; or West Michigan Environmental Action Council (WMEAC).
Contact Todd Spangler at 703-854-8947 or at tspangler@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter at @tsspangler.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2x60ObC
The Montreal Canadiens signing of Alexander Radulov raised some eyebrows. When it was first reported as a possibility early on the morning of July 1, people didn't know what to make of it.
There are two things we know about the Canadiens under Marc Bergevin.
One is that he has been looking for a top-six winger for a long time. First it was Michael Ryder (the second time), then Daniel Briere, Thomas Vanek, P.A. Parenteau, and finally Alexander Semin. Despite varying levels of success, all of those were essentially failures.
The second is that he sees Russia, and specifically the KHL, as an untapped market to find those players that NHL teams may be overlooking. From signing Jiri Sekac, to making an offer to Artemi Panarin, to the reported interest in Vadim Shipachyov and Evgeny Dadonov.
That brings us to Radulov, who checks both boxes, and early signs point to him being the one to work out.
The biggest knock on Radulov comes down to his attitude, his history, and his past decisions. He went from the QMJHL, to the NHL, to the KHL, to the NHL, and finally back to the KHL, where he was the last four seasons.
He and Bergevin have both said that he is older, he is more mature, and that he is coming to Montreal for the right reasons.
And what a start he has had. He had a goal and an assist in his first preseason game, and even in the camp scrimmages he has been the best player in a Canadiens uniform so far.
It is still early, and remember Alex Semin notably had a very good pre-season as well. But Radulov has a long history of scoring goals at whatever level he has played. In his one full NHL season in 2007-08, he had 26 goals in 81 games (In his rookie year of 2006-07 he had 18 goals in 64 games).
In his second KHL stint, he had 238 points in 181 games over four seasons. If we use the NHLe Calculator, that translates to an NHL equivalent of around 86 points for a full NHL season.
Now, I don't think that he will get over 80 points. Even over 70 would be an incredible season. If he could even get 60 points, that would give him more points than any Canadiens player not named Max Pacioretty last season.
He is 30 years old now, and may be past his prime but those calculations tend to skew younger because only the best players have long careers. He is coming off a four-year KHL stretch that saw him get 1.31 points per game. He's clearly at the top of his game.
His pure skill is something the Canadiens have been looking for since Marc Bergevin took over as GM, and even before then.
Radulov is on a one-year contract and if he really wants to be in the NHL, this is his last chance to prove it. If what we have seen is any indication, he'll fit in perfectly and be able to provide the Canadiens with a huge amount of skill from the second line.
This could really be a win-win situation for both parties and finally give the Canadiens what they need.
Donald Trump speaks during an interview with the Associated Press in his office at Trump Tower on Tuesday in New York. (Mary Altaffer/Associated Press)
It is a daunting task to make a meaningful agreement with someone who has no intention of keeping it. The Obama administration should have understood that when dealing with the Iranians. Whatever is “agreed to” is simply a starting point, the beginning of the Iranians' demands for more concessions. The mullahs understand that the administration is so invested in the nuclear deal for the sake of a deal that the initial terms can be remarkably favorable to them, and more important, they can essentially rewrite the deal to fit their interests from then on.
With Donald Trump, an “agreement” — as his business partners and creditors know — is only the beginning of Trump's whittling and renegotiation. He is infamous for refusing to abide by original terms, practically daring those without leverage to sue him. In court, he has the resources to bleed his adversaries dry. Republicans should pay heed to both these examples.
Republicans kid themselves in believing that a “deal” or understanding with Trump is meaningful or that his interests are fixed and predictable. Whatever he says today, tomorrow or the next day, does anyone really know what he would do when presented with the opportunity to get something “better”?
Would Trump agree to expand federal funding of abortion in exchange for funds for his border wall? Would he agree to raise taxes to get fawning praise from liberal media? Would he put in an “easy money” Federal Reserve chairman who would agree to do his bidding on monetary policy? Would he nominate an extraordinarily liberal Supreme Court justice so long as the nominee considered executive power to be virtually unlimited? Would he abandon Asian allies to get trade concessions from China? Would he cut a deal with Vladimir Putin to assent to Russia's takeover of the remainder of Ukraine in exchange for an exclusive arrangement for hotels and casinos built by “friends” of Trump in Russia?
Really, the sky is the limit. (By the way, Trump has not stepped aside from his business interests yet, and while running for the presidency continues to pursue his own financial interests.)
Rather than agree to support, endorse or vote for Trump, it's better to agree to certain policies he says he supports. To the extent Trump will pursue entitlement reform, tax reform or other items conservatives want to pursue, he should have their support. But endorse or support Trump the person? If you think that's a wise move, we have some Trump steaks, Trump vodka and a Trump University education to sell you.
Video | DV |
Watch Domo Genesis' UNMASKED Episode
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
When we originally had the idea to launch our UNMASKED Concert Series, we brainstormed potential headliners for the first concert. One name that stuck out from the rest was Domo Genesis, a TMG favorite over the years. Although Doms has performed at hundreds of concerts across the world over these past few years with Odd Future, he's never had his own solo concert. With two low-key classic projects under his belt, Rolling Papers and No Idols, he was the overwhelming perfect choice to headline. It's his first concert, it's our first UNMASKED Concert, the worlds collided for a truly historic night.
Watch below as Doms talks about his come up, plans to release two solo project in 2014, who he wants to work with, and why he fucks with The Masked Gorilla.
​
An Ottawa native-turned-extremist appeared in a video where he rebukes the Canadian government for participating in the fight against the Islamic State, while calling on Muslims to carry out attacks on Canadian soil.
In the six-minute video, a young man who identifies himself as Abu Anwar al-Canadi is seen standing before the ruins of a building, with a mosque in the background.
He proceeds to tell his fellow Canadians that they have “absolutely no right to live in a state of safety and security” when the Canadian government is presently “carrying out atrocities” against the adherents of the Islamic faith, he said, in comments reprinted by the National Post.
READ MORE:Canada charges 15yo with terrorism offences – for robbery
Attacks on Canadian soil “where it hurts you the most” should not come as a surprise to Canadians, the video states.
The man in the video has been identified as John Maguire, 24, who reportedly converted to Islam before leaving his homeland sometime last year. Maguire, who reportedly left the University of Ottawa before graduation, speaks perfect English in the brief declamation.
The video – like so many others before it - was picked up by the SITE Intelligence Group, a private agency co-founded by Rita Katz that tracks extremist website activity. The piece was reportedly produced by a “propaganda group” connected to Islamic State [IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL], although SITE does not provide the name of the group.
Abu Anwar al-Canadi, one of the dozens of Canadians thought to have joined extremist groups in Iraq and Syria, called on Canadians to “follow the example” of the attackers who struck in Ottawa and Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, in October.
On October 22, 2014, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau fatally shot a sentry at the Canadian National War Memorial in Ottawa. He then drove to the parliament building where members of the Parliament of Canada were in session. Zehaf-Bibeau ran inside the building and was killed by the Commons Sergeant at Arms.
Two days earlier, a man used his car to run over two Canadian soldiers in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, killing one.
Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney, who had seen the video, said terrorism continues to be a threat to Canadians.
“That is why we are taking part in the coalition that is currently conducting air strikes,” Blaney said, as quoted by Reuters
"Terrorism remains a real and serious threat to Canadians, which is why we must remain vigilant."
Canada has sent six fighter jets to Kuwait to participate in airstrikes against the IS in Iraq and Syria.
READ MORE:Canada carries out its first airstrikes against Islamic State
Meanwhile, the Canadian Embassy in Cairo announced it would be closed until further notice due to security concerns.
A message on the embassy's website read, "The ability to provide consular services may occasionally be limited for short periods due to unsettled security conditions."
Why would anyone dress Casey Affleck in a white sheet and try to pass him off as a ghost? It all started when David Lowery read an article about earthquakes – and became convinced the world was ending
David Lowery spent much of last summer feeling sick to his stomach. The director was so nervous about shooting A Ghost Story that he filmed it in secret. “I was very aware of falling flat on my face,” he says. “It was such a high-wire concept. I went into it thinking it would be fun, a liberating bout of creative experimentation. But it was terrifying. I was so riddled with self-doubt I probably aged five years.”
Lowery is now grinning from ear to ear, though. He can talk about his fears because A Ghost Story has neither sunk his career nor made him a laughing stock – although you can understand his anxiety. On paper, the film's “high-wire concept” looks bonkers: it's Casey Affleck wearing a white bedsheet. He looks like Casper the Friendly Ghost or the phantom emoji come to life. “On set, I kept waiting for someone to call me out, to raise their hand and say, ‘This looks stupid.' I'm glad no one did, because my confidence was already shot.”
A Ghost Story is difficult to categorise: eerily beautiful, dreamily melancholic, earnestly sincere and patience-testingly slow (I watched it sitting next to a man who could barely contain his exasperated harrumphs). The film ranks low for scares – it's more likely to keep you up at night fretting about the meaning of life than to make you terrified of a spirit under the bed. A recent article in this paper included it in cinema's latest big thing: post-horror.
How post-horror movies are taking over cinema Read more
Affleck plays C (the film is too cool for actual names), a musician who lives on the outskirts of Texas with his wife M, played by Rooney Mara. A few minutes in, he is killed in a car crash. At the morgue, Lowery holds the camera still, observing C's body covered in a white sheet. We watch and watch – until C simply sits up on the slab and walks out, wearing the sheet.
It's funny, until it's not. The image of ghost Affleck trudging home, sheet dragging in the mud, is piercingly sad. Back at the house – unlike Patrick Swayze in Ghost – he is unable to communicate with his partner. So he becomes a silent witness to her grief. Time passes, the world moves on, and he is trapped in the house contemplating eternity.
Lowery, 36, wrote the first draft in a single day last spring. Having directed Mara and Affleck in his breakthrough film, 2013's outlaw tale Ain't Them Bodies Saints, he asked them to “make this weird little movie in Texas”. Actually, he texted Affleck, explaining that the role would involve wearing a white sheet. Affleck replied: “Sure.” Lowery says he doesn't think Affleck even read the script until he showed up on set. “Casey likes to do weird, strange things. I don't think he cared so much how it would turn out.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Outlaws united … Rooney Mara and Casey Affleck in Ain't Them Bodies Saints.
But is it Affleck under the bedsheet? Because, let's face it, it could be anyone. “Yes,” Lowery nods earnestly. All the time? “Not always. We had to reshoot a bunch of scenes and he wasn't available. But he was upset. He begrudgingly bequeathed the sheet.” The costume is more complicated than it looks. Under his bedsheet, to get the shape right, Affleck is wearing a hoop skirt and tulle petticoats.
The star does perform some Oscar-worthy mumbling before he dons the sheet, but the big performance comes from Mara as the grief-stricken widow. The scene everyone's talking about is a five-minute, uninterrupted take in which she eats an entire family-size pie slumped on the kitchen floor, then runs to the loo to throw up. “You'll never look at pie the same,” screamed USA Today. Given Mara's tremendous presence throughout, it's a bit of a shame that so much attention has been given to the fact that it was the first pie she'd ever eaten. What kind of pie was it, sweet or savoury? “Sweet,” says Lowery. “It was chocolate but had a very low sugar content. One of my producers is a vegan chef.”
It's the scene he's most proud of, he says, its purpose being to avoid any revelling in grief. “I haven't lost a partner, Rooney hadn't either. We didn't want to be grief tourists or to capitalise on an experience that is real for many people.” He gave Mara a copy of The Year of Magical Thinking, Joan Didion's account of coping with the death of her husband, John Gregory Dunne. “The thing I remember from the book was the way in which Didion's grief would manifest itself in the most mundane moments. Eating felt like the right thing.”
I started piling on fears. I felt everything was meaningless
Lowery is as striking as his film – shaved head, laser-bright blue eyes – though sadly his giant handlebar moustache is no longer in evidence. He's friendly and up for talking about anything. Where, I ask, did this interest in mortality and the enormity of time originate? He laughs. “I was having an existential crisis. I felt everything was meaningless.”
The trigger, he says, was a Pulitzer-prize winning article by Kathryn Schulz in the New Yorker about an earthquake that scientists believe will take out a sizeable chunk of northwest America. “It freaked me out,” he says. “I started piling on other fears: the political situation in the US and all over the world. I was not feeling optimistic about the future of mankind. I felt the world was on its way to ending. The film became my way of dealing with those issues.”
Lowery is regarded as one of the most promising film-makers of his generation, A Ghost Story being the fifth movie he has directed. Ain't Them Bodies Saints, his third, gave him indie-level fame and led to a bizarre offer from Disney – to remake Pete's Dragon, the 1970s kids' fantasy. He started filming A Ghost Story last June, two days after finishing Pete's Dragon, using his Disney pay cheque to partially cover the $150,000 budget. Friends chipped in the rest.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bizarre offer … Lowery's remake of Pete's Dragon. Photograph: Disney
His interest in supernatural beings and bedlinen goes way back: at the age of seven, he moved to Texas, where his dad still works as a theology professor at the University of Dallas. It was around then that he decided to become a film-maker, his first foray being a remake of Poltergeist, which he hadn't seen (“my parents wouldn't let me watch it”). It starred one of his brothers wrapped up in a sheet.
Lowery never expected, nor even hoped, that the world would ever see his films. Success seems to have taken him by surprise. “I knew I would carry on making strange little independent films that would maybe play at festivals,” he says. “I sort of resigned myself to toiling in some degree of obscurity. I certainly did not envisage making a Disney movie. The most I hoped for was to be able to pay my bills. I was not a go-getter. I was very type-B.”
A Ghost Story opened with a small release in the US, but spread to 400 cinemas. Does he worry that someone will walk in expecting something akin to Patrick Swayze and a pottery wheel? Lowery nods and gives one last grin. “The marketing has been very clear about what the movie is,” he says. “But I have no doubt that at some multiplex in America right now, someone is very angry that they just spent $15 and assumed they were getting a horror film.”
The much-anticipated Model 3 was announced at the end of March. Musk had promised a starting price of $35,000, which many believe is the threshold for mass adoption. The Model S and Model X, while impressive and desirable, are out of most people's price range. That was almost by design, however, so that Tesla could focus on the underlying technology and not on fulfilling tremendous order numbers. The company's efforts have also encouraged other manufacturers to get into EV production, slowly improving public awareness and global charging infrastructure. Now, the company believes the time is right for a mass-market Tesla.
Customers will have to wait though. The first vehicles are expected to ship in 2017, starting in the US. The company has warned that it'll be a staggered roll-out -- with over 300,000 pre-orders, it could be a while before the most recent backers are handed their keys. Still, at first blush it appears to be an impressive vehicle. It has a sleek design, 215 miles of range, "Autopilot" assistance and, of course, Supercharger support. Now, the challenge for Tesla is to actually follow through on its promises.
Including a Model 3 with Ludicrous Mode.
I would tell your parents because this is the leading cause of unexpected pregnancies with teens. Your supposed to spit on the crotch of any male's shorts BEFORE you wear them, this will kill any semen left on the fabric. Males leak sperm all throughout the day and can even make girls pregnant from "Grinding" at a party, but that is very rare. Not to make you worry but 3 days late is a big Warning flag, usually girls know between 2 and 4 hours of being late. Just talk to your parents they will understand, I got my gf pregnant 2 times and we never even did it!! Hope everything works out.
Source(s): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parenting
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sodom_and_Gomorrah ? · 10 years ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
Cal football coach Justin Wilcox had the details of his contract released to the media today, first reported by the Mercury News. Through a public records request, GoldenBearReport.com has received the full text of the contract, which has a lot of detail on the incentives that Wilcox can earn over the course of the five-year deal.
READ: Coordinator Contract Details
The Basics
- Five year deal, that runs through the end of 2021
- Base salary of $250,000 over the five years
- Talent fee starts at $1,250,000 this year and stays at that level in 2018, before ramping up to $1,400,000 in 2019, $1,895,000 in 2020, and up to $2,538,500 in 2021
- There was a signing bonus of $100,000
- There's a retention bonus of $500,000 if Wilcox is the coach through the end of the 2021 season
- Termination by the school without cause results in a payout of 100% of the talent fee and base salary for the rest of the term
- If Wilcox decides to leave for another head coaching post at various points during his tenure before the contract is up, he has to pay the school back in certain amounts (Before the end of the 2018 season: $2,695,500, before the end of the 2019 season: $1,000,000, after 2019 but before the end of the contract: $250,000)
The Incentives
Wilcox's contract with base and talent fee comes to five years and $9,583,500, which puts him as the lowest paid coach in the Pac-12, but there are multiple incentives that he can earn via the team's performance and academics.
Performance based incentives in the first two years of the contract
Wilcox gets a bonus based on how many wins he gets and who he beats, as seen below, with a cap of $900,000 in total bonuses. (These are for regular season win totals)
- 6 wins - $100,000
- 7 wins - $250,000
- 8 wins - $325,000
- 9 wins - $400,000
- 10 wins - $475,000
- 11 wins - $550,000
- 12 wins - $625,000
-Beating Stanford - $25,000
- Beating UCLA, USC or Oregon during the regular season (provided they have 6 wins or more), $10,000 for each win
- Participating in the Pac-12 championship - $50,000
- Win Pac-12 Championship - $50,000
- Participate in a New year 6 Bowl Game- $100,000
- Participate in the National Championship Game - $100,000
- Participate in Top 2 Pac-12 Contract (non-NY6) Bowl game, i.e. Holiday or Alamo - $100,000
- Participate in Other Bowl (with 6 wins at least) - $100,000
- Participate in Other Bowl (with less than 6 wins) - up to $100,000
- Conference Coach of the Year - $50,000
- National Coach of the Year - $50,000
Performance incentive in years 3-5 of contract
- 6 wins - $25,000
- 7 wins - $125,000
- 8 wins - $200,000
- 9 wins - $275,000
- 10 wins - $350,000
- 11 wins - $425,000
- 12 wins - $500,000
-Beating Stanford - $25,000
- Beating UCLA, USC or Oregon during the regular season (provided they have 6 wins or more), $10,000 for each win
- Participating in the Pac-12 championship - $50,000
- Win Pac-12 Championship - $50,000
- Participate in a New year 6 Bowl Game- $100,000
- Participate in the National Championship Game - $100,000
- Participate in Top 2 Pac-12 Contract (non-NY6) Bowl game, i.e. Holiday or Alamo - $75,000
- Participate in Other Bowl (with 6 wins at least) - $40,000
- Participate in Other Bowl (with less than 6 wins) - up to $25,000
- Conference Coach of the Year - $50,000
- National Coach of the Year - $50,000
Also in this section, starting after year 2 of the contract, if the team has had a season with 8+ wins (including a bowl) and the single year APR is greater than 980, the school notes that they will meet with Wilcox to potentially renegotiate the deal (i.e. extend it).
Academic Bonuses
Wilcox can earn bonuses based on GPA and APR for the team. GPA is from after the spring term, and APR is based on the four year average. Wilcox is eligible to receive the highest applicable bonus of each of these.
GPA:
- Greater than or equal to a 3.0 team GPA - $60,000
- Greater than or equal to a 2.95 team GPA - $55,000
- Greater than or equal to a 2.9 team GPA - $50,000
- Greater than or equal to a 2.85 team GPA - $45,000
- Greater than or equal to a 2.8 team GPA -$40,000
- Greater than or equal to a 2.75 team GPA - $35,000
- Greater than or equal to a 2.7 team GPA - $30,000
APR:
= 1000 team APR - $150,000
Greater than or equal to a 990 APR - $125,000
Greater than or equal to a 980 APR - $100,000
Greater than or equal to a 970 APR - $75,000
Greater than or equal to a 960 APR - $50,000
Other Perks:
Wilcox gets a courtesy car, four premium football season tickets in addition to the number of tickets he's allowed to receive under applicable departmental policy, and probably the biggest incentive of this contract, five parking passes to all home football games. He also has a membership at the Claremont Country Club.
There's also sick leave and health benefits in accordance with University rules
Assistant Coaches Salary Pool:
There was an increase in the assistant coaches salary pool, which was $2,675,600 a year ago. Here's the passage from the contract:
"A pool of $3,100,000, with 2% annual increases and averaged over a three year period, has been established as the Assistant Coaches Salary Pool as of March 1, 2017."
That's a 15.8% increase from a year ago.
Takeaway:
This is an incentive laden contract that stresses success against the main rivals, something that former head coach Sonny Dykes struggled mightily with. There are a lot of milestones that Wilcox can achieve if his group is successful right off the bat, and he has a little more latitude in who he can hire. Plus those parking passes are worth their weight in gold in Berkeley.
Today Intel has revealed that the company will be announcing their 8th generation Core processors and associated architecture on August 21st. This announcement of an announcement comes as the company is in the middle of launching the rest of the Core i9 Skylake-X processors, with the announcement essentially set to fill out the rest of the year for the company's CPU product portfolio.
Intel has in recent times settled into a fairly consistent and roughly yearly release cadence for the Core processor family. Other than Broadwell's delay, Intel has typically launched a new processor in the summer/fall timeframe for the past half-decade. And as early as an investor meeting in February, the company revealed that we should expect the 8th generation processors in the second half of this year.
Officially, Intel has not published any Core architecture roadmaps in some time, but what is widely expected to be revealed on the 21st is Intel's Coffee Lake processors. Coffee Lake is a further evolution of Skylake and Kaby Lake, and like its predecessors, the company has already been confirmed that these 8th generation processors will also be made on their 14nm process. Meanwhile back at Computex Intel was talking up a sizable 30% performance gain in SYSmark, though based on Intel's associated demonstration it looks like that claim is primarily about laptops. Otherwise, what little we know of Coffee Lake is that it will require a new chipset, and desktop processors will not work in existing 200-series motherboards.
The big question, besides official specifications, will be around what launches when. Whether Intel will lead with mobile, lead with desktop, or even launch both at the same time. Intel has traditionally led with mobile, and as a recently as 7th generation Core (Kaby Lake) that was still the case. On the other hand (and rumors aside), the fact that we've already seen motherboard manufacturers accidentally confirm information about desktop processors solidly points to desktop parts sooner than later, an interesting turn of events given the still-ongoing Skylake-X launch.
Otherwise, this launch may give us a hint of what to expect for the structure of future Intel processor launches. An announcement like this would normally be made at IDF, which would have taken place the week of August 14th had Intel not discontinued it this year. Intel is plenty capable of launching products outside of IDF (see: Skylake-X and Kaby Lake-X), but the loss of IDF changes things significantly. On the one hand, they're no longer under the gun to present something big to the amassed press, investors, and developers. On the other hand, they don't have those same masses conveniently gathered in one location. So it will be interesting to see how Intel handles this launch now that it's a lower-key event.
Finally, given this timing, it remains to be seen how Intel will work their forthcoming first generation 10nm Cannonlake parts into the rotation. Cannonlake was originally expected this year, though it's anything but clear if that's still going to happen. However even an early 2018 launch would come only a handful of months after Coffee Lake, and with initial 10nm yields pushing a practical need to start on small die products (e.g. U/Y processors), it'll be interesting to see how Intel structures their product lineup for these back-to-back transitions.
By
Hyderabad's IT Sectors is on it high currently and going through its best phase with many startups evolving and Major IT firm operations taking place. To make things better, National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) is planning to set up Center of Excellence(CoE) for IoT (Internet of Things) in the city. The news was confirmed by NASSCOM officials.
Hyderabad is already home to another Center of Excellence (CoE) for big data and analytics. The first CoE for IoT is set up in Bangalore. This will be the second CoE for IoT in the country.
B V R Mohan Reddy, Sector Skill Council Chairman, NASSCOM, said, “We have already set up one of the IoT CoEs in Bengaluru. The Union government is looking at setting up more and Hyderabad is one of the cities. If you look at IoT, it is one of the game-changing technologies that can have a tremendous impact in many verticals such as retail, e-governance and healthcare, among others.”
The set up will be a PPP model (Public Private Partnership) where the half of the funding will come from Central Government and the other half from the Industry.
Sanjeev Malhotra, CEO, IoT Centre of Excellence, said: “We are waiting for an approval from the central government. Once approval is granted, we will request for space from the state government.”
NASSCOM needs 10,000-15000 Sqft space for setting up the centre, of which around 3,000 Sqft will be lab space.
The key objectives of the CoE will be building a strong startup ecosystem for Internet of Things. This will help to boost research and development of the startup and reduce the R&D cost. The CoE will help in making India's leadership position better in the emerging areas by providing indigenous solutions.
Explaining about the CoE, Malhotra said: “There will be some common layers where there will be labs in all the CoEs where startups can come and work. But each CoE will have a separate focus area. There will also be some specific areas around specific verticals. We are not trying to become another T-Hub. We are only going to deal with startups that will be working on the deep technology.”
If you are an entrepreneur having any ideas for your startup, this would be the best time to shift your ideas to Hyderabad and start the pursuit for your dream company. Read more about Indian Startup Ecosystem.
NASSCOM plans to set up CoE for IoT in Hyderabad
(See the comments. The math portion of this math problem is correct. The “reading the word problem” part is incorrect.)
In December, I examined the claim that, if we include prison rape, the incidence of rape is higher in men than in women. The standard usage of this claim is to tell feminists to shut up when they're talking about rape or to claim that feminist lie with statistics.
Recently, the old post has been getting new attention. As far as I can tell, what set this off was Christopher Glazek's n+1 article on incarceration that included this statement:
In January, prodded in part by outrage over a series of articles in the New York Review of Books, the Justice Department finally released an estimate of the prevalence of sexual abuse in penitentiaries. The reliance on filed complaints appeared to understate the problem. For 2008, for example, the government had previously tallied 935 confirmed instances of sexual abuse. After asking around, and performing some calculations, the Justice Department came up with a new number: 216,000. That's 216,000 victims, not instances. These victims are often assaulted multiple times over the course of the year. The Justice Department now seems to be saying that prison rape accounted for the majority of all rapes committed in the US in 2008, likely making the United States the first country in the history of the world to count more rapes for men than for women.
So, according to the comments received since then, I'm just one more feminist lying with statistics, especially since someone, somewhere also looked at the National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey (NISVS) and discovered that there are a lot of men who answered that their experiences match the definition of rape, as long as you don't require rape to be defined as being penetrated. (For the record, this is a change I've been advocating for.)
This assertion that I'm lying with statistics runs into two problems, however. The first problem is that my post went up on December 1, 2o11. The NISVS survey was released two weeks later. The Bureau of Justice Statistics numbers that Glazek referenced in his article were, as far as I can tell, not officially published anywhere except the Federal Register (pdf). They are not reflected in the official National Inmate Survey (NIS) or National Survey of Youth in Custody (NSYC) reports.
This is probably due to the fact that the numbers in the Federal Register include an adjustment to reflect the fact that the prison population is a rotating population, increasing the number of exposures in a year in a way that the mandated procedures for the official reports doesn't accommodate. That makes the higher numbers likely to be better estimates, but they're still not easily available to anyone looking at the official sources.
The other problem with these numbers is that Glazek made his statement without doing the math or making sure the methodologies were similar. The 216,000 incarceration sexual assaults are indeed more than the 203,000 rapes and sexual assaults reported under the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) for 2008 (pdf). However, only 151,000 of the incarceration sexual assaults match NCVS sexual assault definitions. The remainder are “willing sex” with staff. They shouldn't happen, any more than teachers should have “willing sex” with students, but the NCVS doesn't survey the general population to determine the frequency of these events, so we can't use them for comparison. [ETA: Since I ran these numbers in comment #39, here is a graph for this as well, using the NCVS basis.]
Fortunately, however, the NISVS data does allow us to make this comparison, as it includes sexual contact with those in authority. That means that I can do the re-analysis that my commenters have (ever so politely and without suggesting that I was doing anything dishonest in the first analysis–or not) asked for.
Once again, in this analysis, sexual assaults in incarcerated populations are attributed to men and women by the relative population sizes. This isn't accurate, as the NIS reports show women experience more assault per capita while incarcerated. However, the percentages of men and women assaulted are not broken down in the same way the data is cut for the adjusted BJS figures, and I'd prefer to not even potentially be unfair to the men in any of these figures.
This also likely undercounts sexual assault in incarcerated women in another way. Women tend to serve shorter sentences, which means that more of them rotate through jails and prisons in a year. The way the adjustments that produced the figure of 216,000 were done, shorter sentences led to larger increases in full-year rates. No attempt has been made here to apply that kind of adjustment.
Additionally, the NISVS data includes 519,000 attempted forcible rapes/penetration as a separate item for women but not for men. I haven't used those here. That means the men's stats all the way through include attempted forcible rape where the women's stats do not. The questions used don't specify any physical contact, so these numbers are not included in sexual assault totals for women either. [Edited for clarity.]
Given all that, this is what the totals look like.
So the factoid is still wrong. Aside from that, rape in prison situations is still a problem. Rape outside of prison situations is still a problem. Rape anywhere that inequalities are created will continue to be a problem, and the sources of those inequalities need to be addressed if we want to decrease rape. We should still be talking about all of it, and a look at those of us who talk about social justice issues will generally find that we do.
Zelda producer Eiji Anouma has revealed that the next instalment of the acclaimed Legend of Zelda franchise for Wii U will feature an art style that hasn't been seen before in a Zelda title. Anouma says that the art style will be neither ultra realistic, nor cartoony, but it will be something entirely new that has not seen in a Zelda game before. Anouma also revealed that the next Zelda title may feature downloadable content, but the content would have to be “worth it for the user.” Here's what he had to say about the art style for the next Zelda.
“The thing about Zelda is we want everything to be unique, whether it's the graphical presentation or the gameplay.” “It has to be something you can't see anywhere else. We wouldn't want it to be ultra-realistic because you can see that elsewhere. But I can't say that it's going to be cartoony-realistic like you mentioned, the fantastic presentation that we've already done in the past. It will be something new.”
Thanks, Jamie M
Batch 240 voting is now open. The following polls are currently open:
Batch 240
Batch 239
Batch 238
Batch 237
Batch 236
Batch 235
Batch 234
Batch 233 results will be up soon.
The full list of matchups for today is:
Janjeet Sentry vs Shoreline Salvager
Berserk vs Urza's Chalice
Armadillo Cloak vs Candles' Glow
Sands of Time vs Delirium Skeins
Gutless Ghoul vs Commander Greven il-Vec
Lithatog vs Cascade Bluffs
Master Trinketeer vs Minotaur Aggressor
Dwarven Soldier vs Moroii
Kruin Striker vs Circular Logic
Hammerheim Deadeye vs Angelic Benediction
Incoming! vs Oboro, Palace in the Clouds
Jester's Cap vs Fireshrieker
Scarland Thrinax vs Thelon's Chant
Etherwrought Page vs Phyrexian Broodlings
Skinbrand Goblin vs Sphinx's Revelation
Pointy Finger of Doom vs Pianna, Nomad Captain
Rising Miasma vs Hand of Emrakul
Glasses of Urza vs Armor Thrull
Grim Affliction vs Trap Digger
Skeletal Wurm vs Noxious Ghoul
Graceful Reprieve vs Ricochet
Druid of the Anima vs Wall of Swords
Aggravated Assault vs Thought Vessel
Cruel Tutor vs Deadly Wanderings
Dragon Mage vs Fire Snake
Pouncing Wurm vs Kitchen Finks
Aura of Silence vs Where Ancients Tread
Predatory Rampage vs Humble Budoka
Resolute Archangel vs Djinn of Wishes
Wild Defiance vs Crush of Wurms
Callous Giant vs Moonlight Bargain
Palliation Accord vs Gibbering Fiend
‘Plantagons', New Vertical Farm Design, May Provide Produce for Future Cities
April 16th, 2011 by Michael Ricciardi
In the Developing World, the predominant trend is one of more and more people leaving rural areas and farmlands for the cities — not much different than what has happened in the the US and Europe over the past 50 years or so. It is estimated that 80% of the world's population will live in or close to cities by 2050.*
Problem: urban environments produce a lot of stuff (including pollution and garbage), but the one thing they don't produce very much of is food. Produced consumer by city-dwellers is still mostly grown in out-lying agricultural areas (sometime s quite distant) and then trucked over distances to these cities. In the process a good deal gasoline is consumed and CO2 emitted, making this practice anything but “green”.
Vertical farm concepts for the urban environment are not new, but now, a Swedish-American architectural design company (Plantagon) seems to have solved once of the biggest challenges of urban vertical farming: the need for uniform, sufficient natural light to provide even growth of vertically-farmed plants.
The solution is all in the design; the “plantagon” features a vertical, rotating “corkscrew” platform for the crops and is situated within a huge, curved-glass, geodesic spheroid structure. By offering the dual benefits of cost-cutting and elimination of transportation, these “plantagons” are envisioned to spearhead the green urban living movement of the future.
According to Plantagon, their urban greenhouse
“…will dramatically change the way we produce organic and functional food. It allows us to produce ecological [resources] with clean air and water inside urban environments, even major cities, cutting costs and environmental damage by eliminating transportation and deliver directly to consumers.”
The design and concept is not without its critics, however. Some feel that this represents a “resource heavy” design and that everything — including soil, fertilizer, air and water will have to be imported (or pumped in , in the case of water) from elsewhere to sustain the farm. The construction materials and their transport are further cited as non-sustainable aspects of this design. Further, critics assert that produce would have to be manually harvested, thus reducing the actual productivity of the farm.
That said, the designers make no claim that the Plantagon is anything close to a fully functioning (contained) ecosystem (any more than a contemporary rural farm is). And, a non “green” construction process can produce a structure that is, more or less, “green” in many respects (more energy efficient, non-polluting, economically self-supporting, etc.). Clearly, architectural design is still transitioning towards full sustainability in its construction methods.
Perhaps someday soon a green construction model will be added to this greenhouse design, and will then merge with an autonomous ecosystem design (note: this author is already working on one such design). To paraphrase Steve Jobs: lots of folks confuse bad design with destiny.
The Company believes that the Plantagon® greenhouse design will make it “economically possible to finance each greenhouse from its own sales.” The company hopes to begin its first proof-of-concept building within 3 years.
*This is the trend in the Developing World (which is composed of over 5 billion persons); a modest, reverse trend (towards country, or more rural living) seems to be happening in some urban centers in the US and Europe (Note: by 2050, the world's population may exceed 15 10 billion.)
Read more (and view more images) at the Inhabitat blog article: Plantagon: a Massive Geodesic Dome Farm for the Future by Ariel Schwartz
Top image: Courtesy of Plantagon (via Inhabitat.com)
Bottom photo (vertical farm designs): Chris Jacobs, Gordon Graff, SOA ARCHITECTES; Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication
Kirk Cousins and Scot McCloughan after last season's playoff loss. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
In the days since the Redskins and Kirk Cousins failed to reach an agreement on a long-term deal — setting up Cousins to play the 2016 season under the franchise tag — there have been some questions about what this process might reveal about the future. Now, it's kind of hard to figure that one out without first knowing how Cousins fares this season. One suspects the team's decision in 2017 would not be the same if Cousins wins an NFC title game as it would if he finishes last in the NFC East.
That said, there will be a year-long hunt for clues as to what the franchise will do next. Here's one of those potential clues, via General Manager Scot McCloughan. Appearing Sunday on SiriusXM Bleacher Report Radio with Ty Schalter and Jason Cole, McCloughan was asked about the large number of franchise players who have been unable to reach long-term deals with their teams.
“It's a very good question, and like I said, it's part of the business that I don't like at all, just because you want to take care of your own no matter what,” McCloughan replied. “And there's a reason why you do franchise them, because you respect their talent and their abilities. But the market's the market, and some teams will do certain things that throw the market off, so then you've got to step back and say, ‘Okay, who do we have next year? [Are] there three to five to seven guys that we want to extend prior to the last year of their deal, or do we want to go after one and know we're going to lose three or four next year?'
[Redskins veteran says team is confident in Kirk Cousins. ‘If you're not, you're a fool.']
“So it's a fine line, and like I said, it's tough, but that's why we do this,” McCloughan went on. “It's the market. The NFL's a phenomenal, phenomenal entity, and the money's incredible. But the way I look at it is I want Kirk in a long-term deal, no doubt about it, but also I'm not gonna put our franchise in a situation where we're gonna lose three or four younger guys that I think are gonna be good football players for one guy. I won't do it. You know, that's just how it is.
“And the quarterback position's very, very important, but you know what, so is every other position,” McCloughan said. “We need football players. We need multiple football players, not one.”
That dynamic might not change in 12 months. The price for Cousins isn't likely to go down next season, absent an on-field disaster, which would present its own complications. So would the team be happy paying Cousins huge dollars in 2017 if he fares well this season?
“The thing about it is, the cap goes up every year, and the market's the market,” McCloughan said. “And especially the position Kirk plays, it's pricey, but you pay for production. You get paid to win. I told Kirk, I told his agent, I tell all of our players: It's not about the individual. It's the sum of the parts. We have 53 guys on this roster. We're gonna have 46 playing on Sundays. It's not about the one individual. Now, like I said, if you produce, as the Washington Redskins, we've got no problem paying you — depending on what the market is. But you've got to also realize it's a team sport; it's not an individual sport.”
McCloughan said he feels “very positive” about Cousins's leadership and confidence during this offseason, and that the team is “going to be fine” moving forward. He said Cousins is “a good, quality person” and “a good football player,” and that “the players respect him.” He said both sides would have liked to get a deal done, and that “hopefully he's our quarterback for a long time going forward.” But when asked to repeat that point with some certainty, McCloughan instead highlighted the complexities.
[Kirk Cousins has never been afraid of betting on himself]
“This is the part I don't like about the business is the fact that it is a business,” he said. “Money's money, you know, and you're gonna have to pay, and certain positions get more than other positions. Again, when it's all said and done, the thing that's really cool about Kirk is he's a leader, he's a smart guy, he's a passionate guy, he's a competitive guy, and it's very, very, very important to him to be successful. And when it's all said and done, you get measured by wins and losses; you don't get measured by financial value.
“When his career's over, it's gonna be, ‘Okay, did you win any division championships? Did you win any Super Bowls? What's your win-loss record?' ” McCloughan said. “No one's gonna think 10 years from now, ‘Okay, well he made $50 million, he made $60 million.' They're gonna be like, ‘Okay, did he win or not win?' And that's the thing that's so important from my standpoint as the general manager is putting the pieces around him to make sure he's successful. And [if] we do that, then we're fine going forward.”
SALT LAKE CITY (Reuters) - A visibly upset Elizabeth Smart stormed out of her accused kidnapper's trial on Wednesday as a defense witness told jurors about the homeless street preacher's plans to impregnate her.
Smart, who has shown little emotion through weeks of sometimes graphic testimony, stood up and walked out after Utah state psychiatrist Paul Whitehead said a key motivation of Brian David Mitchell in raping her was so that she would bear his children.
Immediately before she abruptly left, Whitehead testified that Mitchell had told Smart, then 14, about his plans to impregnate her, and that the two had discussed baby names.
Smart, now 23, glared at the witness as she left, and followed about a minute later by her mother, Lois. Both women returned after a break.
When court was adjourned for the day Whitehead approached Smart, but walked away after she spoke sharply to him.
Mitchell returned to court on Wednesday after collapsing a day earlier from what defense attorneys said was a seizure, and being taken to a local hospital. The judge made no mention of Mitchell's medical issues as court reconvened.
But his presence in court was short-lived as Mitchell, 57, was ejected by U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball for loudly singing Christmas carols.
Mitchell is charged with abducting Smart from her Salt Lake City home on June 5, 2002, and holding her captive for nine months with the intent of forcing her to live as his wife.
His estranged wife, Wanda Barzee, is serving a 15-year prison term for her role in the kidnapping and is cooperating with prosecutors.
Mitchell's attorneys called Whitehead as a witness as part of an effort to prove the self-styled prophet should not be held criminally responsible for his actions because he is mentally ill.
Whitehead said he evaluated Mitchell over the course of about three years and came to the conclusion that he had a “major psychiatric illness” and “delusional disorder.”
The psychiatrist also disagreed with a characterization of Mitchell as deeply manipulative.
“I know he was seen as this master manipulator, I was not seeing that in reading the police reports,” he said.
Asked by a prosecutor, under cross-examination, to identify Mitchell's chief delusion, Whitehead said: “He believes he is some sort of messenger between God and mankind.”
Smart has returned for the trial from the Mormon mission she is serving in Paris, and has listened to testimony from her seat in the courtroom gallery, surrounded by family members.
In dramatic testimony during the prosecution case, she recalled that Mitchell abducted her at knifepoint from the bed she shared with her sister, marched her several miles into the foothills above Salt Lake City and raped her.
She has described her time as Mitchell's captive as “nine months of hell” in which she was raped nearly every day.
Smart was rescued in 2003 after she was spotted by passersby walking with Mitchell and his wife on a street in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy.
“American Horror Story: Freak Show,'' premiering tonight on FX, employs elaborate digital effects as well as actors with deformities to depict backstage life at a 1950s carnival.
Clips and stills indicate it's clearly influenced by the 1932 horror classic “Freaks,'' which employed actual “freak show” performers for one of the most unusual films ever made by a major Hollywood studio — one so disturbing the movie was out of circulation for decades.
The cast included Siamese twins Daisy and Violet Hilton; Johnny Eck, whose body seemed to end just below his rib cage; Prince Randian, who had neither arms nor legs; hermaphrodite Josephine/Joseph — and a troupe of “pinhead” microcephalics headed by Schlitze Metz, who wore a dress but was actually a man. The cast included Siamese twins Daisy and Violet Hilton; Johnny Eck, whose body seemed to end just below his rib cage; Prince Randian, who had neither arms nor legs; hermaphrodite Josephine/Joseph — and a troupe of “pinhead” microcephalics headed by Schlitze Metz, who wore a dress but was actually a man.
“Freaks'' starts out by depicting the “freaks'' sympathetically, living normal lives while working for a circus — until they're driven to take bizarre and shocking revenge on a cruel trapeze star (Olga Baclanova) when she wrongs one of their number.
MGM executive Irving Thalberg had asked director Tod Browning to make a horror movie that would top his “Dracula,'' but after a disastrous preview showing, “Freaks'' was cut by a half-hour. (Still today, only 65-minute prints are known to exist.) It flopped following a critical hazing. MGM leased the film to an exploitation distributor, who released it under titles like “Nature's Mistakes'' and “Forbidden Love.''
“Freaks'' had been unseen for decades when it turned up at the Cannes Film Festival in 1962. The classic then became a midnight-show staple in US theaters in the 1970s before finally reaching TV audiences. It's available on DVD from Warner Home Video and is also streaming at Amazon Instant Video.
Ryan Clark thinks RB Leonard Fournette has the talent to be selected in the top five of the upcoming NFL draft and doesn't think he will fall out of the top 10. (1:20)
BATON ROUGE, La. -- LSU All-American running back Leonard Fournette plans to bypass his senior season and enter the upcoming NFL draft.
The junior running back announced his decision on Monday.
"I will be declaring for the 2017 NFL draft after our bowl game," Fournette wrote in a note to fans on Twitter. "I make this announcement now so that there will not be speculation and distractions while we prepare. I want everyone to know that I will forever treasure my experience as a Tiger."
As a sophomore Leonard Fournette set an SEC record by rushing for 162.8 yards per game. His 1,953 rushing yards last season rank second in conference history behind Alabama's Derrick Henry (2,219). John Reed/USA TODAY Sports
Fournette is universally regarded as one of the top prospects in the 2017 draft. ESPN draft analyst Todd McShay ranks Fournette as the No. 1 overall prospect, while ESPN's Mel Kiper Jr. has him second behind only Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett.
As a sophomore, Fournette set an SEC record by rushing for 162.8 yards per game -- plus his 1,953 rushing yards last season rank second in conference history behind Alabama's Derrick Henry (2,219).
However, he has struggled with nagging ankle issues this season since initially suffering a high-ankle sprain, low-ankle sprain and bone bruise in an August scrimmage. The injuries prevented him from playing in four games and limited his participation in several more.
Fournette still rushed for 843 yards and eight touchdowns in seven games, including a 284-yard effort against Ole Miss that briefly stood as LSU's single-game rushing record before teammate Derrius Guice broke it with 285 yards in the regular-season finale against Texas A&M.
Fournette sat out that game against the Aggies, and his status for bowl season remained up in the air, although LSU coach Ed Orgeron said Sunday night that he expected his star junior to play if healthy.
"He's been at every meeting bright-eyed, bushy-tailed, wanting to go," Orgeron said. "He's always indicated to me that he wants to represent the LSU Tigers in the best way. I don't see any other reason for anything to happen. Now if an injury prevents him, it prevents him. But I think if he's well, he's ready to go, he's going to play."
Fournette is the first of several draft-eligible LSU juniors who must make draft decisions ahead of the Jan. 16 deadline. McShay and Kiper both rank LSU junior safety Jamal Adams as the sixth overall prospect, and Tigers underclassmen such as defensive tackle Davon Godchaux and wide receiver Malachi Dupre also have yet to announce their intentions.
Beijing, China (CNN) -- More than a week after their coal mine in northern China was flooded by a rush of underground water, 115 miners were pulled out alive Monday, China's state-run TV reported.
Rescuers worked to reach another 38 believed to be still trapped inside.
CCTV, which carried the rescue efforts live, showed the miners being brought out in stretchers to loud cheers.
The workers were wrapped in blankets and rushed to ambulances where they were in stable condition, local media said.
The miners were part of a larger group of 261 working in the Wangjialing mine when it flooded March 28.
Rescuers were able to reach 108 miners immediately after the flooding.
Monday's rescue, which began shortly after midnight, comes two days after tapping was heard from within the mine.
Late Sunday night, rescuers noticed swaying lamp lights inside the mine -- indicating signs of life, the state-run Xinhua news agency said.
Some of the miners attached their mining belts to shaft walls as water first rushed in. They remained suspended for three days until a mining cart floated by and they jumped in, CCTV said.
Two hundred people, as part of 50 rescue groups, were working around-the-clock to drain water, monitor gas and pull out miners, said Wang Jun, governor of Shanxi province where the mine is situated.
"So far the coordination is in order, the effect is obvious," he told CCTV.
Mine accidents are common in China. In 2009, 2,631 people were killed in such accidents. The figure, while high, is down from 2002 when 6,995 people died.
On Monday, the country launched a two-month campaign to inspect safety regulations in mines and other industries that have had serious accidents.
GCM_Admins
Administrator
Join Date: May 2005 Posts: 186
A GCM Statement: It's Time to Speak Out Against the Teachings of Michael & Debi Pearl A GCM Statement: It is Time to Speak Out Against the Teachings of Michael and Debi Pearl
This statement may be re-posted in its entirety.
The admins of Gentle Christian Mothers (GCM) have felt led at this time, as we mourn the loss of seven year old Lydia Shatz [1] , to issue a statement of disagreement with Michael and Debi Pearl and their child rearing methods. Not only are their methods extreme and outside the realm of normal and healthy child rearing practices, but the doctrinal foundation for these methods contain a level of heresy, including denial of the Christian doctrine of original sin [2][3] , which leave them without biblical basis and at odds with the truth that all are in need of salvation which has been provided through Jesus alone [4] .
Though the Pearls affirm the value of relationships in parenting in their attractive "tying heartstrings" message, their harsh teachings are in diametric contrast to building healthy relationships. They advocate "training" and "chastisement" of children, starting in infancy [5] [6] , using methods and means not described in Scripture -- including using ¼ inch plumber's supply line as a spanking instrument [7] and claiming that a "proper spanking leaves children without breath to complain" [8] -- for stated purposes of absolving guilt and cleansing the child's soul [9] .
The combination of an adversarial US vs. them mindset where the parents must "win," physically "disciplining" children until they surrender their will and show total submission, and false doctrine makes the Pearls' methods dangerous. They present a very distorted picture to the world of what it means to be a follower of Jesus and a Christian parent in the world today. It is time for Michael and Debi Pearl to be held accountable for their teachings. We urge other Christians to join us in speaking out against what Michael and Debi Pearl have been teaching for far too long.
References
1. Godly discipline turned deadly: A controversial child "training" practice comes under fire -- this time from Christians themselves, Lynn Harris, Feb. 22, 2010
2. Second Council of Orange (529)
3. Teaching tape on Romans 5:12-21 by M. Pearl
4. "Michael Pearl on Original Sin: An Analysis," Catez Stevens, October 11, 2005
5. To Train Up a Child, M. Pearl, D. Pearl, chapter 1
6. "In Defense of Biblical Chastisement Part 2," M. Pearl, October 2001
7. Ibid.
8. "Angry Child," M. Pearl, August 1998
9. "In Defense of Biblical Chastisement Part 1," M. Pearl, May 2001 The admins of Gentle Christian Mothers (GCM) have felt led at this time, as we mourn the loss of seven year old Lydia Shatz, to issue a statement of disagreement with Michael and Debi Pearl and their child rearing methods. Not only are their methods extreme and outside the realm of normal and healthy child rearing practices, but the doctrinal foundation for these methods contain a level of heresy, including denial of the Christian doctrine of original sin, which leave them without biblical basis and at odds with the truth that all are in need of salvation which has been provided through Jesus aloneThough the Pearls affirm the value of relationships in parenting in their attractive "tying heartstrings" message, their harsh teachings are in diametric contrast to building healthy relationships. They advocate "training" and "chastisement" of children, starting in infancy, using methods and means not described in Scripture -- including using ¼ inch plumber's supply line as a spanking instrumentand claiming that a "proper spanking leaves children without breath to complain"-- for stated purposes of absolving guilt and cleansing the child's soulThe combination of an adversarial US vs. them mindset where the parents must "win," physically "disciplining" children until they surrender their will and show total submission, and false doctrine makes the Pearls' methods dangerous. They present a very distorted picture to the world of what it means to be a follower of Jesus and a Christian parent in the world today. It is time for Michael and Debi Pearl to be held accountable for their teachings. We urge other Christians to join us in speaking out against what Michael and Debi Pearl have been teaching for far too long. __________________
The GCM Admin Team Last edited by flowermama; 03-01-2010 at 12:18 PM . Reason: to correct a misspelling
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has taken a brave, bold stand against Fast Track legislation that would make the Trans-Pacific Partnership -- otherwise known as "NAFTA on steroids" -- possible. But it might not matter if Fast Track passes the House and pressure from moderate Democrats in the Senate forces Reid's hand.
All eyes are on the House of Representatives -- and Democrats in the House are looking to Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi for leadership. She has said that she has "some issues" with Fast Track, but we need her to go further. Leader Pelosi needs to send a clear and unambiguious message to her caucus that a vote for Fast Track is a vote against the Democratic leadership.
Tell Nancy Pelosi to put her foot down and oppose Fast Track and the TPP today.
By signing you agree to receive updates from Democracy for America and USAction.
0
AUSTIN, Texas –
An Austin Superior Court judge sentenced 34 year old Joseph Goldsmith to death row yesterday, after Goldsmith was picked up on his third offense for marijuana possession.
Judge Martin Churchill said during the trial that he had “already seen [Goldsmith] twice” and that “the third time was the charm.”
“If a man cannot get his act together, and he is arrested multiple times for the same crime, then I have no choice but to hand out the swiftest and harshest punishment I can.” Said Churchill. “In this case, the public needs to know how the state of Texas deals with repeat offenders, especially when they are drug-related crimes.”
Goldsmith, who has no other arrests on his report other than the previous two convictions for misdemeanor marijuana possession, was visibly upset when the verdict was read.
“I cannot believe it. This is like a nightmare.” Said Goldsmith, in tears after the hearing. “It was just a couple of joints. This isn't right.”
Goldsmith was arrested this third and final time with around a gram of marijuana in his possession. In several states throughout the U.S., this amount would get him a small fine. In others, he would be let off with a warning. The state of Texas has the toughest laws on marijuana possession in the country.
“We will definitely be appealing the court's decision.” Said Matthew Klein, Goldsmith's attorney. “A sentence of death does not fit this crime. There is no way that we are going to let this stand.”
Goldsmith was sent to the Texas State Correctional Facility in Austin after the trial. Per his conviction, he will be required to remain on death row until an appeal can overturn the judge's decision.
0
Comments
comments
Fujifilm announced two new cameras today, the fixed-lens X100F and the interchangeable lens X-T20. Both cameras are updates to prior models in Fujifilm's lineup, and introduce the 24.3-megapixel sensor and new processor from the company's higher-end cameras. While the biggest update in both cameras is indeed the new image sensor, there are some tweaks to the features and design of both, so I spent some time with them this morning to see what's new.
The X100F has seen the largest number of changes to its design. It still looks very much like an X100 (or X100S or X100T), but it has some refinements to its controls scheme that trickled down from the top-of-the-line X-Pro2. The shutter speed dial now has an integrated ISO dial, so it's not necessary to dive into menus to change ISO anymore, and there's a new front command dial that can be programmed to control a variety of parameters.
The biggest upgrade is on the back of the camera, though, as it gains the joystick autofocus control that the X-T2 and X-Pro2 have, making it much easier to select an AF point while shooting. All of the controls have been moved to the right of the display, which makes it easier to shoot with just your right hand.
The X100F's performance is improved as well, especially for autofocus. While older models could best be described as “pokey”, the X100F snaps in focus very quickly, without the back and forth hunting that older versions succumbed to. I'm eager to test it out for a longer period in more challenging lighting, but if its focus system is anywhere near as good as the X-T2's, it should perform quite well.
The X-T20 has fewer changes — the most significant one being the addition of a touchscreen, which allows for precise focus point selection while shooting and pinch-zoom and swiping through images during review. The X-T20 doesn't have a joystick to control AF points, like the other cameras, but the touchscreen should provide an alternative option in the field.
Pricing-wise, the X100F will cost $1299, and the X-T20 will range in price from $899 to $1199. We'll be spending more time with the cameras when we get closer to their February availability, but safe to say, 2017 is shaping up to be an interesting year for Fujifilm fans.
(CNN) While there was Japanese joy in reaching the Women's World Cup final, this was another painful and tearful exit for English football.
Defending champion Japan advanced to Sunday's showpiece with a 2-1 semifinal victory Wednesday over England at Edmonton, Alberta.
The winning margin was provided by an own goal from England defender Laura Bassett, who attempted to clear the ball but accidentally sent it into the England net in the 92nd minute.
This was the first time an English team had reached the last four of a World Cup in 25 years and England's defeat had echoes of the men team's exit in Italia 90, when Bobby Robson's side were cruelly beaten by Germany on penalties.
While Japan celebrated, there was plenty of sympathy for Bassett.
"She's epitomized all the values that English football fans want to see in that white jersey when you have three lions on your chest," England coach Mark Sampson said of Bassett.
"Pride, passion, never-say-die (attitude) and play for the team."
Dear @laurabassett6 You've been amazing. UR fight&determination are your true character.I know the pain of an own goal but it won't define U — Brandi Chastain (@brandichastain) July 2, 2015
Bassett's nightmare came as Japan's Nahomi Kawasumi sent a bouncing cross into the penalty area with about one minute left in the match. Bassett, with a Japan attacker getting past her, lunged at the ball with her right leg in attempt to clear it.
Instead, it looped past England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley, who had no chance as the ball sneaked in after hitting the underside of the crossbar.
What a dreadful way to lose! Poor, poor Laura Bassett. — Gary Lineker (@GaryLineker) July 2, 2015
Earlier, each team had scored with penalties.
Japan's Aya Miyama converted from the spot in the 33rd minute to give Japan a 1-0 lead, while Fara Williams knocked home her penalty in the 40th minute to draw England level.
Though Japan had a decided edge in possession, England outshot their opponents 15-7.
"Our goal was to go to the final and in that sense the players did what they had to do," Japan coach Norio Sasaki said, according to a FIFA translator.
Sasaki said it was a tough match, where his team had to adjust its game plan because of England's direct tactics.
England had some excellent chances to break the deadlock in the second half. Toni Duggan's screamer hit the crossbar in the 62nd minute and just two minutes later substitute Ellen White forced Ayumi Kaihori into a fine diving save to her right.
The match drew a peak audience of 2.4 million in the UK despite a local kickoff time of midnight.
The numbers continue the healthy TV viewing figures seen at this year's Women's World Cup.
Canadian broadcasters CTV and RDS reported an average audience of 3.2 million for the host nation's defeat to England while France's agonizing exit at the hands of Germany was watched by 4.1 million French viewers, according to statistics published by FIFA.
Tournament favorites and two-time champions, the U.S. also scored big in the win over China, netting an average audience of 5.7 million.
Japan will meet the U.S. on Sunday in a rematch of the 2011 World Cup final.
Japan and the U.S. played to a 2-2 tie four years ago, and Japan won the penalty shootout 3-1.
The U.S. gained a measure of revenge the next year, downing Japan 2-1 in the Olympic women's gold medal match.
England will play Germany on Saturday for third place.
Follow our FREE updates on Twitter and / or Friend us at Facebook * If you haven't already done so, be sure to sign up for our FREE Report & FREE Updates List at bottom of page. .
TomatoBubble.com
Bookmark and share the mind-blowing TomatoBubble.com!
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE PHONY DR. JONAS SALK
By Mike King
. "All The News That Sulzberger's Propaganda Rag Saw Fit To Distort"
A Daily Web Page Summary of the Dirty Lies, Glaring Omissions, Half Truths & Globalist Bias of The NY Times Front Page Headlines
___________________________________________________________________ FREE SAMPLE 1 FED RESERVE NOTE ___________________________________________________________________ "We read and rebut their vile crap so you won't have to!" ***************************************** FREE SAMPLE DAY RE-RUN
Subscribe to the Daily Anti-New York Times and Stay on Top of World Events
Dr. Julius Youngner, right, with Dr. Jonas Salk New York Times: Dr. Julius Youngner, Polio Vaccine Pioneer, Dies at 96 REBUTTAL BY * DISCLAIMER We are indeed aware of the counter-claim that the hazards of the polio vaccine outweigh the benefits. But that is not relevant to the hidden history revealed in this article. Dr. Julius Youngner, a virologist and a key member of the team that developed the Salk polio vaccine in 1955 has died at his home in Pittsburgh at the age of 96. His death is a good occasion to expose Dr. Jonas Salk (cough cough) for the selfish and over-rated, self-aggrandizing jerk that he really was.
Dr. Youngner was the last surviving member of a predominately Jewish-dominated research team (Salk, Youngner, Lewis & Friedman) assembled by Salk at the University of Pittsburgh to develop a vaccine to fight polio, which had peaked in the United States in the early 1950s. Salk was actually in a race to develop the vaccine -- against another glory-seeking Jewish scientist named Albert Sabin , from Chicago. Salk's team got there first, b ut when Salk announced the development of the polio vaccine on April 12, 1955, he soaked up all of the press hype for himself while barely mentioning the critical contributions of the other team members. "Me! Me! Me!" After rushing his vaccine and announcing it to Judea's Piranha Press, media-hound Salk was all about Salk. Just weeks after the vaccine had been declared safe, more than 200 polio cases were traced to lots contaminated with virulent live polio strains. Almost all of those stricken became paralyzed and eleven died. The haste (both of Salk and the Federal government under Eisenhower) to rush the vaccine to the public was responsible for this tragedy.
Though this Slimes article about Youngner downplays and rationalizes St. Salk's selfish snubbing of his colleagues, its portrayal of the team members' resentment is accurate. From the article: "While Dr. Youngner, who was 34 at the time, remained at the university and made further advances in virology, he and other members of the team remained embittered that Dr. Salk had not singled them out for credit in his announcement speech. In 1993, Dr. Youngner crossed paths with Dr. Salk for the first time since Dr. Salk had left for California in 1961. According to “Polio: An American Story” (2005), by David M. Oshinsky, Dr. Youngner raised the 1955 announcement speech in confronting Dr. Salk. 'Do you remember whom you mentioned and whom you left out?' - the book quoted him as saying to Dr. Salk. 'Do you realize how devastated we were at that moment and ever afterward when you persisted in making your co-workers invisible?'” Dr. Youngner's contribution to the team were critical -- particularly the method he developed for generating the necessary quantities of the virus for experiments and production of the vaccine. He was also able to deactivate the virus while still allowing it to produce antibodies. And finally, he devised a test to measure antibodies in the blood to determine whether or not the vaccine was working. Without Youngner, the vaccine would not have been developed -- at least not at that moment in time. 1. A recent photo of Youngner. 2. Oshinky's book revealed how Salk's team members were "devastated" at being rendered "invisible." 3. As it was with Albert Einstein, the nation was instructed to worship the newest Jewish superman, St. Jonas Salk -- who was only the project manager. Later on in life, Youngner published hundreds of scholarly papers and was awarded 15 patents. He served as president of the American Society for Virology from 1986 to 1987. But in spite of his impressive resume, he (as well as the other forgotten team members) never let go of their justified resentment at the publicity-seeking scumbag Jonas Salk. In a talk given before a local chapter of the National Council of Jewish Women in 1992­, Youngner described what happened. From the obituary in the Pittsburgh-Post Gazette:
"Dr. Salk's announcement of the success of the polio vaccine in field trials in 1955 created a sensation, he said, and the group that had funded the effort, then known as the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis, knew that 'it was much easier to continue raising money when you have a hero, and they had an enormous public relations department that took up Jonas' name as the hero. But in the meantime, Jonas was, how shall I say, not very generous to his colleagues and he made sure that nobody else was ever mentioned.' To add insult to injury, Dr. Salk's wife later called Mrs. Youngner and said, 'You know, we're really disappointed in your husband, because he hasn't called Jonas and congratulated him.' Mrs. Youngner responded with a brusque reply, and the two couples, who had once been close, never socialized again." Wow! Just wow. Can you believe the unmitigated "chutzpah" of Salk's yenta bitching to Youngner's yenta about Salk not receiving a congratulatory phone call from Youngner?! To put it all in terms of an analogy to American Football, Salk's "accomplishment" is the equivalent of a third-rate football player coming off the bench with only seconds remaining on the clock, punching the winning "touchdown" into the end zone from just 1 yard away, showing off by spiking the football in celebration and doing an end-zone dance, accepting the Most Valuable Player of the game award, granting interview after interview to the fawning Piranha Press, and finally, solely on the basis if that single 1-yard score, being inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame -- all while the grueling work of the talented players who had driven the ball for the other 99 yards is ignored. The Jewish super-hero has been honored with headlines, statues, postage stamps and award after award -- all based on the research and creativity of others who have been ignored. The Slimes headline reveals that the hasty nationwide administering of the shots was set to begin in less than two weeks! Youngner does not deny that Salk was a capable scientist. But St. Salk's intentional, pre-meditated and selfish hogging of all the credit - even to the exclusion of the fellow tribesman who probably deserved the most credit of the 6-member team - tells us a whole lot about the low down and dirty character of yet another of history's "great men" that has been placed upon a pedestal for us to worship. Apart altogether from the contributions from other members of Salk's Jewish research team, there was the pioneering work of several HUGE contributers to the field, whose earlier independent research was critical to understanding the polio virus and developing a vaccine. Four of these non-Jewish scientists (Enders, Hammon, Bodian, Horstman) were briefly mentioned on page 21 of the Jew York Slimes issue dated April 13, 1955 --- the same issue that had tribesman Salk, and only Salk, splattered across its front page. So, in a nutshell, the story of the polio vaccine, as it relates to the animosity between Tribesmen Salk and Youngner, goes something like this: A well-funded, publicity-seeking Jewish scientist from Pittsburgh assembled a team of other Jewish scientists for the purpose of beating yet another well-funded, publicity-seeking Jewish scientist from Chicago in the race to develop a polio vaccine. To achieve their objectives, they all had to rely upon the earlier ground-breaking research of long-since-forgotten White Gentile scientists. When the team of Tribesmen in Pittsburgh developed the vaccine first, the organizer of the team then cheated his fellow Jewish scientists out of the credit that they wanted as well! Oy vey, as the chosenites like to say! Ya just can't make this stuff up. The Forgotten White Scientists Above: John Enders, William Hammon, David Bodian, Dorothy Horstmann Salk and Youngner stood upon the shoulders of scientists that Sulzberger's Slimes relegated to a small corner of page 21. * Why weren't any of the other researchers ever honored? 1. Salk, with his family, honored by the fiend Eisenhower at a White House ceremony. 2. About 25 years later, Salk is awarded the "Medal of Freedom" by President Jimmy Carter.
Boobus Americanus 1: I read in today's New York Times that the last remaining member of Jonas Salk's team that developed the polio vaccine has died.
Boobus Americanus 2: I didn't know Jonas Salk was part of a team.
Sugar : That'ss becausse he wass a frickin' low-life glory-hound who just ussed the research of others!
Editor: Just like St. Albert Einstein.
* COMMENTS / FEEDBACK / INSULTS / KUDOS greattomatobubble2@gmail.com If you like TomatoBubble.com, you'll LOVE ... CLICK HERE * WHO IS BEHIND THE ARTIFICIAL HYPING-UP OF JEWISH SCIENTISTS -- AND WHY ? STUDY " PLANET ROTHSCHILD " AND LEARN! 'I don't believe in conspiracy theories! Go away!" FREE REPORT & FREE UPDATES! 'How To Respond To An Anti Conspiracy Theorist' . Never again be at a loss for words when some ignoramus tells you: "Aw that's just a Conspiracy Theory." . . No self respecting 'conspiracy theorist' should be without this essential BLOCKBUSTER REPORT! SIGN UP now and receive a link to the FREE report plus periodic FREE summaries of Historical & Current Events.
Be sure to CHECK YOUR JUNK / SPAM BOX in case report doesn't go through. Submit form below
TO PAY BY MAIL
If you do not have a credit card, (or wish to donate anonymously) you can send in CASH or CHECK a MONEY ORDER . Refer to donation schedule above, and submit proper payment to the address below.
FOR 1-TIME CASH, CHECK OR MONEY ORDER BY MAIL Send to Address listed at right. Include detailed instructions and print your E-mail very neatly.
Payable & Mailable to: PSCALE PUBLICATIONS
PO Box 804 Saddle Brook, NJ 07663 International orders, we accept U.S. Dollars only, add $10 for International Money Order
As soon as your payment arrives, we will E-mail your passcodes / pdf's etc. RECENT UPDATES UPDATED FREQUENTLY TOP OF PAGE HOME
The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill on Friday that would protect babies born alive during abortion by making it a federal crime to kill the baby after it is born, either by an overt act, or through gross negligence. The bill, entitled the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act was introduced by Congressman Trent Franks.
H.R. 3504, passed by an even larger margin than H.R. 3134 – 248 to 177. H.R. 3134 is the bill passed in the U.S. House on September 18th which defunds Planned Parenthood America and its affiliates and clinics for one year, as reported by Breitbart Texas. Every Republican member voted for H.R. 3504. They were joined by five Democrats including Henry Cuellar (D-TX).
During the debates, Representative Franks said, “The abortion industry labored all these decades to convince the world that unborn children and born children should be completely separated in our minds, that while born children are persons worthy of protection, unborn children are not persons and are not worthy of protection.”
The representative from Arizona continued, “But Madam Speaker, those who oppose this bill to protect born alive babies now have the impossible task of trying to join born children and unborn children back together again and then trying to convince all of us to condemn them both as inhuman and not worthy of protection after all.”
The bill amends federal criminal laws to require any health care practitioner who is present during an abortion where a baby is born alive to exercise the same type of care that is given to a baby born at the same gestational age. It also mandates that the providers must immediately admit the baby into a hospital.
In addition to these provisions, the bill also requires any employee or health care professional who has knowledge of the failure to comply with these provisions, to immediately call law enforcement officials.
Any person who violates the provisions of this Act is subject to a criminal fine, and/or up to five years in prison.
Moreover, anyone who commits an overt act that kills a baby that has been born alive is subject to prosecution for murder by virtue of this legislation.
The law protects the mother of the child born alive from criminal prosecution for conspiracy to violate the provisions of the Act, for being an accessory after the fact, or for concealment of a felony.
A woman who has an abortion or an attempted abortion is given the right to file a civil action for damages against any individual who violates the Act.
The entire transcript of Rep. Franks' floor speech can be read on his website.
Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and an associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2
hidden
Reliance Communications (RCOM) has launched '149 Unlimited' calling plan, which will offer customers unlimited calling talk-time to any phone on any telecom network across the country, including long distance calls, at just Rs 149 per month, a company statement said here on Tuesday.
The '149 Unlimited' plan, available across the 2G, 3G and 4G technology platforms, is targeted at incentivising 2G, 3G and 4G handset-owners across India to move to the RCOM network, the statement said.
"There are still hundreds of millions of older 2G handset-owners in India, and RCOM is positioning the unique plan to migrate these customers to its network, along with 300 MB of data usage. And with RCOM's high-speed add-on data plans, '149 Unlimited' will also appeal to data-heavy 3G-4G customers, who will benefit from unlimited calling talk-time," it added.
"Our new pioneering yet simple unlimited plan has the potential to trigger a paradigm shift in the way Indians recharge their mobile phones, creating a significant shift in the telecom market-as it moves away from the 'Unit Rate' charging regime to a 'Single Recharge and Unlimited Usage' regime," said Gurdeep Singh, Co-CEO, Reliance Communications and CEO of RCOM's Consumer Business.
"Our unlimited plan will see millions of Indians benefit, and help RCOM ramp up its customer base and engage with higher-value customers and greater ARPUs (average revenue per users)," he added.
IANS
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Is it a myth or real? Most of the people are still in confusion that about their presence on our earth. I am very much anxious to know more and more about these thrilling things and love to go through the documentary through youtube or any other medium. I am very much passionate about this and the other thing which I am very much passionate about is the gambling world. I love to make the search of the games through online best slots whichever I love and this time I made the search of the game which would based on the concept of the life of any other planet.
You will not believe that I got many suggestions which took me in the dilemmatic situation for making the selection of the play. I loved the review of one event and also tried the free play of that so without wasting any moment I went for the download of the app in android phone. After the download, the other moment I was in the world of the play with the main character of the event. I went for the play of the Aliens which really gave me the feel as if I am also in their spacecraft and they are taking me to Mars. This became my favorite sports.
The graphics of this one is so cool that it will take you on the trip on the moon. Theme of this one based on the concept of sci-fi which gives you the moment of fun by the use of five reels and fifteen paylines. This is the best and famous creativity of the microgaming which will give you some credits and bonus on pleasing the characters of the play. In return they all will give you the moment of pride and make you bag full of rewards and the attractive gifts.
DigiTimes is citing Taiwanese manufacturing sources that suggest that Sony is actively working on PlayStation 4 and that the new console is set to be released in 2012 with an initial shipment of "at least" 20 million consoles. Amazingly, the report suggests that manufacturing will begin this year.
Little is being given away on the make-up of the new machine other than the idea that it boasts body-tracking technology along the lines of Microsoft's Kinect for Xbox 360. The source says that the console is being assembled by Foxconn and Pegatron Technologies in Taiwan, and reckons that the current PS3 is also being handled by the same manufacturers.
It's an interesting story, but on the face of it, the basic notion of a true next-gen PlayStation releasing within 18 months is ludicrous. PlayStation 3 has only become profitable for Sony relatively recently and the platform holder will be hoping for a substantial period of time in which to recoup the enormous losses they have incurred this console generation. In the here and now, PlayStation 3 has yet to dip below £199, where we would expect sales volumes to increase significantly. Closing this window of opportunity prematurely doesn't really make sense from any kind of commercial perspective.
The 2012 launch date also seems unrealistic for other reasons too. The video games business is notoriously indiscreet. We've known about PSP2 and a core part of its technical make-up since July 2009, and the new handheld has still yet to ship. Nintendo's E3 reveal for Wii U was spoiled extensively by developers and publishers talking to the press about the platform holder's own presentations, and in the here and now, information is slowly starting to trickle out about Microsoft's new console, set to be released no sooner than 2013.
On the flip-side, we have heard absolutely nothing about the development of PlayStation 3's successor. There have been no off-the-record briefings to journos, nothing of note emanating from developer sources and the contacts we have that work directly on PlayStation technology in terms of devtools and background software are still working on PSVita and PS3. To the best of our knowledge, nothing is happening right now that could see a major new hardware launch next year, and the basic idea that Sony's core engineering team having enough bandwidth to look after the development of PS4 so quickly after the lengthy gestation period of PSVita seems unlikely.
What gives the DigiTimes article some shred of credibility is its hints on a Kinect style interface. We know for a fact that SCEA research and development teams have spent a great deal of time and effort devising its own interpretation of Microsoft's "natural user interface", and indeed, there is even a patent describing Sony's ideas on body tracking, where a PlayStation Move-style controller is married up to a floor-based ultrasonic projector that can track players in 3D space. The idea is to introduce the core functionality that Kinect possesses, but at the same time make use of the inherent advantages that a handheld controller offers.
The other aspect that makes the report a touch more believable is the nature of the source itself. The Far East manufacturing base has become a major source for eerily accurate tech-based rumour-mongering: we knew about iPhone 4 and iPad 2 ahead of their obsessively-guarded reveals owing to leaks from the manufacturing facilities themselves, and of course, who can forget the fact that the PS3 Slim was on sale in a Philippines marketplace months before it was officially released, and many weeks before it made its official debut at gamescom 2009? In short, the Far East has offered up so many strange-but-true stories that it is difficult to readily discount anything from "manufacturing sources" so quickly.
The question of whether Sony could - in theory - launch a new console so quickly is an interesting topic in its own right. There have been murmurings that PlayStation 4 could simply be an evolution of the existing architecture. Developers are finally getting to grips with what makes PS3 special, they're embracing the power of the SPUs, so why not simply beef up Cell with, say, a dual core version of the main PPU processing core and dramatically increase the SPU count? Combine that with a significant RAM boost and an appropriately modern GPU and that would easily work as a fiercely powerful next-gen console.
It may sound simple enough, and it could cut-down the investment required in developing the new machine but at the same time it does dramatically over-simplify the challenges Sony faces in getting a new PlayStation out in the 2012 timeframe. Extensive SPU engineering has resulted in technically brilliant games like Uncharted 2, Killzone 3 and God of War III, but at the same time, the use of SPUs as parallel graphics processors in this age of cross-platform development has only really become popular owing to the comparative weakness of the RSX. Getting the graphics core right is a really significant challenge for Sony, and it's not going to be easy bearing in mind that Microsoft, with its DirectX 11 technology, is a key partner in defining the landscape of next-gen graphics rendering.
With Nintendo having laid out its next-gen plans, and Microsoft widely tipped to follow suit at next year's E3, it stands to reason that Sony is also devising its own hardware for the second HD console generation. A 2012 launch has some merit: in the Japanese market, it would be one-upping arch-rival Nintendo which is releasing Wii U in the same window, while Sony would have around a year's head-start over Microsoft in other territories in the next round of the console battle.
But when we have a situation where leading industry engineers such as John Carmack are openly questioning just how much the next-gen can offer in terms of an identifiable, worthwhile advantage over what we have now, it strongly suggests that the platform holders either need a new approach (as per Nintendo's tablet gambit) or else a technological leap that so large that it makes current generation games look old and obsolete, or better yet a combination of the two.
Getting the product right is the key to long-term success here, not necessarily launching first. Microsoft is taking its time in devising its own next-gen console, and the chances are that Sony will follow a similar strategy. While 2012 seems wildly optimistic for a full-on launch from either party, we should fully expect next year's E3 press conferences to be a whole lot more exciting than 2011's efforts...
In January 1992, a Gregg County, Texas narcotics team conducted a 2 am raid on the home of 84-year-old Annie Rae Dixon. According to police, an informant told them he had bought crack from Dixon's granddaughter.
Dixon, a paraplegic, was also bedridden with pneumonia at the time. When Officer Frank Baggett, Jr. kicked open the door to Dixon's bedroom, he'd say later, he stumbled, causing his gun to accidentally discharge, which sent a bullet directly into Dixon's chest. She died moments later. There were no drugs in Dixon's home. The raid team was also out of its jurisdiction. Dixon lived just across the county line in Smith County.
A subsequent inquest split with a hung verdict, divided along racial lines. (Baggett is white, Dixon was black.) Five months later a grand jury declined to charge Baggett with a crime. Dixon's death set off racial tensions in the town of Tyler. Andrew Mellontree, a black county commissioner, expressed the frustration of blacks in the area to the New York Times. "People can't accept the idea that a 84-year-old grandmother gets shot in her bed and it's not even worth a negligence charge," he said.
Once again, an innocent person died in a drug raid that turned up no drugs, weapons, or criminal charges. Once again, no one was held accountable, and no policies were changed. And so once again, the inevitable message sent to Annie Rae Dixon's friends, relatives, and community is that dead innocent 84-year-old women are a regrettable but inevitable--and therefore acceptable--occasional outcome in the war on drugs. Annie Rae Dixon was more collateral damage.
"We're used to the oops syndrome," local activist Rev. Daryl Bowdre told CBS News. "They can come in with their guns cocked and the gun misfires and somebody dies, and it's, 'Oops. Sorry.' But when you start killing our 84-year-old grandmothers, you know, that--that's when enough is enough."
More innocent grandmothers will die in drug raids in the coming years, including 57-year-old Alberta Spruill in New York in 2003, and 92-year-old Kathryn Johnston in Atlanta in 2006.
In the fourth Ruy Lopez, Berlin Variation of the 2014 FIDE World Championship, GM Magnus Carlsen finally broke through the Berlin Wall against former titleholder GM Viswanathan Anand.
A mistimed exchange sacrifice was the Indian's demise and allowed the champion to successfully defend his title 6.5-4.5 in the 11th game.
"In general I'm a believer in material, so I like to grab it instead of giving it up," Carlsen said about accepting the offer. "I was pretty happy when he made that move. I thought that he wouldn't have enough compensation."
Anand admitted that his nerves did not hold up as well as other times in the match. "My nerves were the first to crack," he said. "I think [Carlsen] is more stable overall."
Earlier on, Anand had an advantage after blowing open the b-file.
"This day was a real struggle," Carlsen said afterward.
GM Magnus Carlsen after defending his title
Carlsen said that he has been fighting an illness and was relieved to end the match today. He also admitted that the gravity of the game, and the final moments, disturbed his calm: "I got really excited and had to control myself then."
According to Chess.com Director of Content Peter Doggers, the win was the first over the Berlin Wall in a world championship match. The opening gained prominence as a resource for Black in the 2000 Kasparov-Kramnik encounter.
The final moments, where Carlsen said he struggled to keep his composure.
"Today was one of the toughest days of all," Carlsen said. "I didn't particularly want to come back for a 12th game."
He criticized his own play from moves 18-23, which allowed Black to coordinate a scary pawn break on the queenside: "I'm very happy with the way I pulled myself together after that."
The game was much more complicated that the last iteration with the same colors. The two drew rather quickly in round nine, also a Berlin.
Analysis by GM Dejan Bojkov
"It was a very tense position. When I got this ...b5 break, I understood that if he doesn't take, the position remains very tight," Anand said.
Instead of occupying the b-file, another way to play the position was to exchange his bishops for White's knights.
Since computers criticize the move 27...Rb4, what else did Anand consider? He also looked going one square farther with 27...Rb3.
He then analyzed 28. Rb1 Rab8 29. Rxb3 Rxb3 30. Bxa5 Ra3 31. Bc7 Rxa4, "and I evaluated this as equal...I can't say why I suddenly decided to go for this exchange sac...It was a bad gamble and I was punished."
After that unexpected gambit, Team Carlsen began getting excited. Everyone, that is, except for Carlsen's father and manager.
Henrik Carlsen (left) and FM Espen Agdestein look at the +2 evaluation but don't quite believe it yet.
The throng of Norwegian journalists, now numbering about 30, began losing their impartiality. Multiple television crews went live, never wavering their lenses away from these two men.
Some winners of Norway's Noble Prizes don't get this much attention.
Eventually, even Agdestein had to give in to his emotions, knowing that the best player in the world could not mess up the ending.
Carlsen's manager is the last in the room to smile.
Anand played ...Rb4!? Actually this moment came well after the errant rook move.
The two players had a brief discussion on stage following the game. They mostly talked variations such as the ones above. Carlsen said without 27...Rb4 that Black is "doing fine."
He also quite liked his idea of the retreat 29. Nh5, followed by advancing the f-pawn since the bishop on e6 cemented Black's defense. Carlsen said evicting Black's best piece was key.
"Eventually I handled the complications better than him and gained an edge," Carlsen said. At times during the press conference he seemed to have a dry mouth and struggled to get the words out.
Anand added that it was not his original intent to play risky chess. He called his 27th move a "nervous decision."
Later he unveiled himself more than at any time in the more than two-week match. "I wasn't thinking very clear at this point," he said about some of the moves at this point in the game.
The former champion liked how he played with White compared to Chennai, 2013. He said this match was tougher and he played better, but "I had more weak moments than him, and this tended to decide the match."
For the only time in the match, the players answered questions separately.
"In the end, I have to admit he was superior. His nerves held up better...All things taken into account, he just played better."
Carlsen agreed this time around was more difficult overall. He compared today's game to round nine in Chennai, "but I was in greater peril in that game." He said his play in the match was "inconsistent, but good enough."
He also didn't foist hyperbolic attention on the "ridiculous blunders" of game six, since he was better for most of that contest anyway.
The most pressing and touchy topic is often near the end of an interview, but the press corps wasted no time asking Anand about his future plans.
The first question centered on any possible plans to leave top-level chess, but we save it for the end.
Anand thought for two seconds, leaned into the microphone and said "no," whereupon those in attendance clapped for his answer.
As for the "youngster," well, he's not going anywhere of course. His post-match tweet resembles a certain basketball player:
A big thanks to everyone who supported me on this interesting journey. Two down, five to go. pic.twitter.com/Ch5uUOltOF — Magnus Carlsen ( @MagnusCarlsen ) November 23, 2014
You can compare his desire for seven titles to this man!
Even though he loves basketball (even staying up late some nights in Sochi to watch the NBA), Carlsen was probably referring to this man's actual titles, not Lebron's wishful thinking:
Magnus said "2 down, 5 to go," referring to my 7 successful world championship matches. (6.5 really.) I wish him the best of luck! — Garry Kasparov ( @Kasparov63 ) November 23, 2014
Kasparov also tweeted congratulations to his former student.
Contrary to some expectations and reports, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev did not arrive for a ceremonial first move. According to AGON Owner Ilya Merenzon, he was held up in Moscow and unable to make it to the match in time.
@nigelshortchess I'm not sure white is better at all. If he wants to win position could easily become double-edged #CarlsenAnand — MVL ( @Vachier_Lagrave ) November 23, 2014
I have touched more levels on my emotional specter to day than I did my entire hicg school career #CarlsenAnand — Kaja Marie Snare ( @kajasnare ) November 23, 2014
Don't let the opening's name fool you - this position is extremely sharp. Give white four free moves, and he's killing black on kingside! — Jon Ludvig Hammer ( @gmjlh ) November 23, 2014
GM Agdestein: "This is a critical position for Anand. b5 is the most spectacular move!" #CarlsenAnand #vgsjakk #nrksjakk — Tarjei J. Svensen ( @TarjeiJS ) November 23, 2014
pretty exciting. Anand pushing for a goal in the 85th minute #CarlsenAnand — Eric Hansen ( @hansenchess ) November 23, 2014
Carlsen-Anand 2014 | Score
# Name Rtg Perf G01 G02 G03 G04 G05 G06 G07 G08 G09 G10 G11 G12 Pts 1 Carlsen 2863 2832 ½ 1 0 ½ ½ 1 ½ ½ ½ ½ 1 6.5/11 2 Anand 2792 2798 ½ 0 1 ½ ½ 0 ½ ½ ½ ½ 0 4.5/11
Chess.com Coverage of the World Championship Chess.com is providing daily “recap” shows after each round! This is the ONLY place (that we know of) offering in-depth, SportsCenter-style breakdowns of what happened in the games. Not able to watch the games live? Don't worry, you won't miss anything with Chess.com's highlights shows! Stay tuned to the Chess.com/TV calendar page for updates as we assign many of our great broadcasters to daily shows. Chess.com is also hosting highlights shows on the rest days from Sochi, with top GMs such as GM Maxime Vachier-Lagrave and GM Hikaru Nakamura. Look for more updates on the Chess.com/TV calendar or follow @chesscomtv on Twitter!
As a Texan, I am proud of my state's football heritage. Year in and year out, great Texas high school football players pop up in both the big cities and the small towns across our state. The same can be said for California (which produces more NFL players than any other state) and Florida. These “big three” states account for nearly a third of all of the players currently in the NFL.
I wondered, though – what if every pro football player was rostered on the NFL team he was born closest to? The Texas, California and Florida NFL teams would, logically, have some pretty mean starting rosters. But what would the rest of the teams look like?
Using the territories indicated by this map I found the answer to this question for all of the NFL teams. In the study, I combined the 49ers and Raiders, the Giants and Jets, and the Redskins and Ravens. I also plugged in players who were born outside of a team's target area if that team didn't have any local guys at a certain position. These replacement players – identified with a blue dot – were pulled from places as close to the team's target area as possible. Enjoy!
Kirk Cousins – Barrington, IL
Pierre Thomas – Chicago, IL
Greg Jennings – Kalamazoo, MI
Jason Avant – Chicago, IL
Owen Daniels – Naperville, IL
Jared Veldheer – Grand Rapids, MI
Bryan Bulaga – Barrington, IL
Kelvin Hayden – Chicago, IL
Charles TIllman – Chicago, IL
David Harris – Grand Rapids, MI
Sam Acho – Hawthorn Woods, IL
Rob Ninkovich – New Lennox, IL
Desmond Bryant – Shorewood, IL
Don Carey – Grand Rapids, MI
Russell Wilson – Cincinnati, OH
Le'Veon Bell – Reynoldsburg, OH
Lance Moore – Columbus, OH
Taylor Price – Hillard, OH
Kyle Rudolph – Cincinnati, OH
Zach Strief – Cincinnati, OH
Sam Young – Dayton, OH
Rashaan Melvin – Waukegan, IL (Not from target area.)
Sherrick McManis – Peoria, IL (Not from target area.)
Luke Kuechly – Cincinnati, OH
Chase Blackburn – Bellefontaine, OH
Trent Cole – Xenia, OH
Derek Wolfe – Syracuse, OH
CJ Spillman – Louisville, KY
Matthew McGloin – Scranton, PA
James Starks – Niagara Falls, NY
Mike Williams (TB) – Buffalo, NY
Ted Ginn – Cleveland, OH (Not from target area.)
Rob Gronkowski – Amherst, NY
Branden Albert – Rochester, NY
Austin Pasztor – Langton, ON
Corey Graham – Buffalo, NY
Jerome Murphy – Elizabeth, NJ (Not from target area.)
Tyvon Branch – Syracuse, NY
Jo-Lonn Dunbar – Syracuse, NY
Whitney Mercilus – Akron, OH (Not from target area.)
Arthur Jones – Rochester, NY
Chandler Jones – Rochester, NY
Matt Hasselbeck – Boulder, CO
Danny Woodhead – North Platte, NE
Vincent Jackson – Colorado Springs, CO
Drew Davis – Denver, CO
Alex Smith – Denver, CO
Erik Pears – Price, UT
Nate Solder – Denver, CO
Bryan McCann – Lawton, OK (Not from target area.)
Josh Thomas – Cedar Hill, TX (Not from target area.)
Reed Doughty – Greeley, CO
Paul Kruger – Rexburg, ID
Stewart Bradley – Salt Lake City, UT
Calais Campbell – Denver, CO
Brett Keisel – Provo, UT
Brian Hoyer – Lakewood, OH
Kyle Juszczyk – Medina, OH
Brian Hartline – Canton, OH
Mario Manningham – Warren, OH
James Hanna – Lakewood, OH
John Greco – Ravenna, OH
Mike McGlynn – Austintown, OH
Aqib Talib – Cleveland, OH
Bradley Fletcher – Cleveland, OH
Donte Whitner – Cleveland, OH
James Harrison – Akron, OH
Danny Trevathan – Youngstown, OH
Cullen Jenkins – Detroit, MI (Not from target area.)
Kevin Vickerson – Detroit, MI (Not from target area.)
Matthew Stafford – Tampa, FL
Chris Johnson – Orlando, FL
Ace Sanders – Bradenton, FL
Harry Douglas – Tampa, FL
Charles Orson – Tampa, FL
Thomas Welch – Deltona, FL
Jah Reid – Kissimmee, FL
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie – Bradenton, FL
Sam Shields – Sarasota, FL
Brandon Meriweather – Apopka, FL
D'Qwell Jackson – Largo, FL
Albert Mclellan – Lakeland, FL
Pernell Mcphee – Orlando, FL
Kyle Wilber – Orlando, FL
Ryan Fitzpatrick – Gilbert, AZ
Arian Foster – Albuquerque, NM
Markus Wheaton – Chandler, AZ
Juron Criner – Las Vegas, NV
Zach Miller – Tempe, AZ
Mike Pollack – Scottsdale, AZ
Chris Degeare – Chandler, AZ
Jalil Brown – Phoenix, AZ
Nolan Carroll – Rio Rancho, NM
Matt Daniels – Tucson, AZ
Brooks Reed – Tucson, AZ
Justin Hickman – El Paso, TX
Everson Griffen – Avondale, AZ
Jared Crick – Albuquerque, NM
Tony Romo – San Diego, CA
Reggie Bush – San Diego, CA
Desean Jackson – Long Beach, CA
Steve Smith – Los Angeles, CA
Jordan Cameron – Los Angeles, CA
Ryan Clady – Long Beach, CA
Matt Kalil – Corona, CA
Richard Sherman – Los Angeles, CA
Orlando Scandrick – Los Angeles, CA
Jairus Byrd – San Diego, CA
Clay Matthews – Los Angeles, CA
Lance Briggs – Los Angeles, CA
Chris Long – Santa Monica, CA
Haloti Ngata – Inglewood, CA
Josh Freeman – Kansas City, MO
Felix Jones – Tulsa, OK
Jordy Nelson – Manhattan, KS
Kevin Walter – Lake Forest, IL (Not from target area.)
Brandon Myers – Prairie City, IA
Jeromey Clary – Norfolk, NE
Michael Bowie – Tulsa, OK
Chris Harris – Bixby, OK
Terrence Newman – Salina, KS
Darrell Stuckey – Kansas City, KS
Arthur Brown – Wichita, KS
Keenan Robinson – Omaha, NE
Adam Carriker – Hastings, NE
Kamerion Wimbley – Wichita, KS
Rex Grossman -Bloomington, IN
Isaiah Pead – Columbus, OH (Not from target area.)
Andre Holmes – Bartlett, IL (Not from target area.)
Nathan Palmer – Elkhart, IN (Not from target area.)
Dustin Keller – Lafayette, IN
Kory Lichtensteiger – Van Wert, OH
Michael Otto – Kokomo, IN
Marquice Cole – Chicago, IL (Not from target area.)
Brandon Hughes – Bloomington, IL (Not from target area.)
Bernard Pollard – Fort Wayne, IN
Ryan Kerrigan – Muncie, IN
Mathias Kiwanuka – Indianapolis, IN
Anthony Spencer – Fort Wayne, IN
CJ Mosley – Fort Knox, KY (Not from target area.)
Sam Bradford – Oklahoma City, OK
Adrian Peterson – Palestine, TX
Wes Welker – Oklahoma City, OK
Michael Crabtree – Dallas, TX
Jermaine Gresham – Ardmore, OK
Jason Peters – Queen City, TX
Trent Williams – Longview, TX
Morris Claiborne – Shreveport, LA
Brice McCain – Dallas, TX
Kenny Vacarro – Brownwood, TX
Von Miller – Dallas, TX
Derrick Johnson – Waco, TX
Jared Allen – Dallas, TX
Gerald Mccoy – Oklahoma City, OK
Geno Smith – Miami, FL
Frank Gore – Miami, FL
Pierre Garcon – West Palm Beach, FL
Andre Johnson – Miami, FL
DC Jefferson – Winter Haven, FL (Not from target area.)
Davin Joseph – Hallendale, FL
Gosder Cherilus – Haiti
Brandon Flowers – Delray Beach, FL
Patrick Peterson – Fort Lauderdale, FL
Antrel Rolle – Homestead, FL
Jonathan Vilma – Coral Gables, FL
Tamba Hali – Gbanga, Liberia
Jason Pierre-Paul – Deerfield Beach, FL
Vince Wilfork – Boynton Beach, FL
Matt Ryan – Exton, PA
Shonn Greene – Scklerville, NJ
Rod Streater – Burlington, NJ
Kenny Britt – Bayonne, NJ (Not from target area.)
Garrett Graham – Brick, NJ (Not from target area.)
Bryant McKinnie – Woodbury, NJ
Jahri Evans – Philadelphia, PA
Brent Grimes – Philadelphia, PA
Chris Culliver – Philadelphia, PA
Jeromy Miles – Voorhees, NJ
Jameel McClain – Philadelphia, PA
Shaun Phillips – Philadelphia, PA
Mike Daniels – Stratford, NJ
George Johnson – Glassboro, NJ
Cam Newton – Atlanta, GA
Ronnie Brown – Rome, GA
Calvin Johnson – Newman, GA
Demaryius Thomas – Montrose, GA
Jared Cook – Birmingham, AL
Evan Mathis – Birmingham, AL
Andre Smith – Birmingham, AL
Lardarius Webb – Opeika, AL
Brandon Boykin – La Grange, GA
Eric Berry – Atlanta, GA
Robert Mathis – Atlanta, GA
DeMeco Ryans – Bessemer, AL
Demarcus Ware – Auburn, AL
Charles Johnson – Hawkinsville, GA
Dan Orlovsky – Bridgeport, CT
Ray Rice – New Rochelle, NY
Victor Cruz – Patterson, NJ
Miles Austin – Summit, NJ
Greg Olsen – Wayne, NJ
D'Brickashaw Ferguson – New York, NY
Chris Snee – Edison, NJ
Jason McCourty – Nyack, NY
Kyle Wilson – Piscataway, NJ
Devin McCourty – Nyack, NY
Brian Cushing – Park Ridge, NJ
Will Smith – Queens, NY
Muhammed Wilkerson – Elizabeth, NJ
Chris Canty – Bronx, NY
B.J. Daniels – Tallahassee, FL
CJ Spiller – Lake Butler, FL
Eric Weems – Daytona Beach, FL
Dexter McCluster – Largo, FL (Not from target area.)
Gavin Escobar – New York, NY (Not from target area.)
Josh Sitton – Jacksonville, FL
Glenn Cordy – Atlanta, GA (Not from target area.)
Antonio Cromartie – Tallahassee, FL
William Gay – Tallahassee, FL
Antonio Allen – Ocala, FL
Stephen Nicholas – Jacksonville, FL
Ernie Sims – Tallahassee, FL
Cliff Avril – Jacksonville, FL
Brodrick Bunkley – Tampa, FL (Not from target area.)
Drew Stanton – Okemos, MI
Marcus Thigpen – Detroit, MI
Nate Washington – Toledo, OH
Dane Sanzenbacher – Maumee, OH
Antonio Gates – Detroit, MI
Joe Barksdale – Detroit, MI
Jake Long – Detroit, MI
Brandon Carr – Flint, MI
Alan Ball – Detroit, MI
Charles Woodson – Fremont, OH (Not from target area.)
LaMarr Woodley – Saginaw, MI
Connor Barwin – Southfield, MI
Brandon Graham – Detroit, MI
Jason Jones – Detroit, MI
Aaron Rodgers – Chico, CA
Marshawn Lynch – Oakland, CA
Steve Johnson – San Francisco, CA
Julian Edelman – Redwood City, CA
Julius Thomas – Stockton, CA
Phil Loadholt – Honolulu, HI
Logan Mankins – Catheys Valley, CA
Jarrett Bush – Vacaville, CA
Taiwan Jones – San Francisco, CA
TJ Ward – San Francisco, CA
Lorenzo Alexander – Oakland, CA
Manti Te'o – Laie, HI
Lamarr Houston – San Francisco, CA
Tyson Alualu – Honolulu, HI
Colin Kaepernick – Milwaukee, WI
Joique Bell – Benton Harber, MI (Not from target area.)
Nick Toon – Middleton, WI
Michael Floyd – St. Paul, MN (Not from target area.)
Lance Kendricks – Milwaukee, WI
Joe Thomas – Brookfield, WI
Doug Free – Manitowoc, WI
Darius Slay – Brunswick, GA (Not from target area.)
Darrin Walls – Pittsburgh, PA (Not from target area.)
Sergio Brown – Oak Park, IL (Not from target area.)
Nick Roach – Milwaukee, WI
DeAndre Levy – Milwaukee, WI
JJ Watt – Waukesha, WI
Jason Babin – Kalamazoo, MI (Not from target area.)
Jay Cutler – Columbus, GA (Not from target area.)
Andre Ellington – Rock Hill, SC
AJ Green – Ridgeville, SC
Randall Cobb – Maryville, TN
Jimmy Graham – Goldsboro, NC
Levi Brown – Jacksonville, NC
Jonathan Cooper – Wilmington, NC
Cortland Finnegan – Fayetteville, NC
Johnathan Joseph – Rock Hill, SC
Adrian Wilson – High Point, NC
Lawrence Timmons – Florence, SC
Justin Durant – Florence, SC
Mario Williams – Richlands, NC
Julius Peppers – Wislon, NC
Joe Flacco – Audobon, NJ (Not from target area.)
Jordan Todman – Bedford, MA
Brandon Gibson – Germany
Domenik Hixon – Germany
Jordan Reed – New London, CT
Michael Roos – Tallin, Estonia
Sebastian Vollmer – Germany
Prince Amukamara – Leominster, MA
Mike Jenkins – Germany
James Ihedigbo – Northampton, MA
Kiko Alonso – Newton, MA
Dwight Freeney – Hartford, CT
Osi Umenyiora – London, England
Matt Shaughnessy- Norwich, CT
Blaine Gabbert – Chesterfield, MO
Darren McFadden – Little Rock, AR
Joe Adams – Little Rock, AR
Jeremy Maclin – Chesterfield, MO
Mike McNeill – St. Louis, MO
Terron Armstead – Cahokia, IL
Dan Connolly – St. Louis, MO
Jabari Greer – Jackson, TN (Not from target area.)
Dre Kirkpatrick – Gadsen, AL (Not from target area.)
Morgan Burnett – Memphis, TN (Not from target area.)
LJ Fort – Ganite City, IL
Mark Herzlich – Kirkwood, MO
Justin Smith – Jefferson City, MO
Sheldon Richardson – St. Louis, MO
Andrew Luck – Washington D.C.
LeSean McCoy – Harrisburg, PA
Percy Harvin – Chesapeake, VA
Torrey Smith – Richmond, VA
Vernon Davis – Washington D.C.
Duan Brown – Richmond, VA
Will Beatty – York, PA
Joe Haden- Fort Washington, MD
Vontae Davis – Washington D.C.
Kam Chancellor – Norfolk, VA
NaVorro Bowman – District Heights, MD
Jerod Mayo – Hampton, VA
Cameron Wake – Beltsville, MD
Darnell Dockett – Burtonsville, MD
Peyton Manning – New Orleans, LA
Eddie Lacy – Gretna, LA
Julio Jones – Foley, AL
Mike Wallace – New Orleans, LA
Kyle Adams – Austin, TX (Not from target area.)
Andrew Whitworth – Monroe, LA
Corey Hilliard – New Orleans, LA
Nnamdi Asomugha – Lafayette, LA
Captain Munnerlyn – Mobile, AL
LaRon Landry – Metairie, LA
Aldon Smith – Greenwood, MS
Heath Farwell – New Iberia, LA
Tyson Jackson – New Orleans, LA
Nick Fairley – Mobile, AL
Alex Smith – Seattle, WA
Jonathan Stewart – Fort Lewis, WA
Nate Burleson – Calgary, Alberta
Jermain Kearse – Tacoma, WA
Dante Rosario – Beaverton, OR
Jordan Gross – Nampa, ID
David DeCastro – Kirkland, WA
Will Davis – Spokane, WA
Jordan Poyer – Dallas, OR
Taylor Mays – Seattle, WA
Jordan Senn – Beaverton, OR
Caesar Rayford – Spanaway, WA
Shea McClellin – Caldwell, ID
Ndamukong Suh – Portland, OR
Matt Schaub – Pittsburgh, PA
LaRod Stephens-Howling – Johnstown, PA
Brandon Marshall – Pittsburgh, PA
Andrew Hawkins – Johnstown, PA
Benjamin Watson – Norfolk, VA (Not from target area.)
Jonathan Martin – Pittsburgh, PA
Gino Gradkowski – Pittsburgh, PA
Darrelle Revis – Aliquippa, PA
Tommie Campbell – Aliquippa, PA
Barry Church – Pittsburgh, PA
Paul Posluszny – Butler, PA
Sean Lee – Pittsburgh, PA
Cameron Heyward – Pittsburgh, PA
Ryan Robinson – Charleston, WV
Drew Brees – Austin, TX
Jamaal Charles – Port Arthur, TX
Dez Bryant – Lufkin, TX
Josh Gordon – Houston, TX
Jermichael Finley – Lufkin, TX
Russell Okung – Fort Bend, TX
Mike Brisiel – San Marcos, TX
Stanford Routt – Austin, TX
Josh Wilson – Houston, TX
Earl Thomas – Orange, TX
Brian Orakpo – Houston, TX
Jerry Hughes – Sugar Land, TX
Red Bryant – Galveston, TX
Jonathan Babineaux – Port Arthur, TX
Philip Rivers – Decatur, AL
Deangelo Williams – Little Rock, AR (Not from target area.)
Golden Tate – Nashville, TN
Earl Bennett – Birmingham, AL (Not from target area.)
Jason Witten – Knoxville, TN
Jeremy Parnell – Blytheville, AR
Tyson Clabo – Knoxville, TN
Jerraud Powers – Decatur, AL
Cassius Vaughn – Memphis, TN
Jamarca Sanford – Batesville, MS
Patrick Willis – Bruceton, TN
Dont'a Hightower – Lewisburg, N
Alex Carrington – Tupelo, MS
Greg Hardy – Millington, TN
Kyle Orton – Altoona, IA (Not from target area.)
Darren Sproles – Waterloo, IA
Larry Fitzgerald – Minneapolis, MN
Eric Decker – Cold Spring, MN
Joel Dreessen – Ida Grove, IA
Riley Reiff – Parkston, SD
Ryan Harris – Minneapolis, MN
Marcus Sherels – Rochester, MN
Coty Sensabaugh – Kingsport, TN (Not from target area.)
Craig Dahl – Mankato, MN
Chad Greenway – Mount Vernon, SD
Terrell Suggs – Minneapolis, MN
Cameron Jordan – Minneapolis, MN
Karl Klug – La Crosse, WI
That's it! How did your team fare? Which teams look the strongest? The weakest? Let me know in the comments.
Brought to you by Best Tickets.
Ray Lewis and Ed Reed of the Baltimore Ravens celebrate following their 34-31 victory over the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII.
Photo by TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images
At 7:31 p.m. Central Time, the Ravens' Jacoby Jones ran back the second-half kickoff 108 yards for a touchdown. Six minutes after Jones used the stadium scoreboard as a rearview mirror, the Jumbotron went dark along with half the lights in the Superdome ceiling. This was the pattern of Super Bowl XLVII: Something strange would happen, and then it would be followed by something even stranger, and then Phil Simms would salivate about Colin Kaepernick's arm strength until the next fumble or intentional safety or cloud of locusts. Sometimes the Super Bowl is just a regular game played under a magnifying glass. Sometimes the on-field action is more tedious than whatever talking primate is trying to sell us beer and/or tax software. This year's 34-31 Ravens win over the 49ers was a showcase for just how bizarre sports can be, and how amazing and terrible it can get when a live event goes off script.
For a solid two quarters, the Harbaugh Bowl challenged the Bills' 23rd-consecutive Super Bowl defeat for most-stultifying-title-game honors. Joe Flacco looked great, Kaepernick seemed shaky, and the action on the field was several notches less compelling than the bottom of Ray Lewis' gold-and-purple, infographic-and-Bible-verse-laden shoes, which appeared to be a joint project from Under Armour, Jean Paul Gaultier, Bishop T.D. Jakes, and Edward Tufte.
And then things got weird. Sunday night's 34-minute power outage, though not as outwardly goofy as the delay created by the Fan Man paragliding in to a heavyweight title fight, earned extra style points for revealing, now and forever, the shallowness of the NFL's strategic reserve of pre-game yakkers. With CBS' Jim Nantz and Phil Simms deprived of electricity, a confused nation got to see the sportscasting version of SpaceCamp, that non-classic film in which a bunch of undertrained kids get shot into orbit to the absolute horror of those in command.
As sideline reporters Steve Tasker and Solomon Wilcots failed to acquire any useful information about the outage, the network's buffet of pundits offered continual, irrefutable proof of their own uselessness. “Well, I think John Harbaugh, you know, he's just going to tell his team to relax,” said Dan Marino as CBS' cameras showed the Ravens coach screaming expletives at a gentleman in a suit that nobody bothered to identify. Shannon Sharpe noted that the 49ers were “down 22 points in THE SUPER BOWL,” raising his voice to remind us that the Super Bowl is an important football game. Bill Cowher, providing insight that only a title-winning coach can, explained that “staying in the moment, embracing the process right now, to me, is the most important thing for both these coaches.”
When the power came back on, it was clear that San Francisco had done a better job of embracing the process of standing around doing nothing for a half hour. A 28-6 game became 28-13, then 28-20, then 28-23, and—after a break for a short Ravens field goal—31-29 when Kaepernick scored on a 15-yard run with just less than 10 minutes to go.
Though Simms' praise for Kaepernick zoomed well past excessive by the end of the first quarter—no, Phil, it is not remarkable to see a pro quarterback loft a ball to an open receiver—the San Francisco first-year starter has a way of making everyone else on the field look outdated.* On that touchdown run, Kaepernick scooted around left end, then sprinted upfield past Ray Lewis and Ed Reed—the NFL's future dusting the NFL's past.
But football is not a race. Rather, it's a sport in which individual athletic ability gets amplified or muted by play calls, blocks, and reads. On the subsequent two-point attempt, Reed—who maybe jumped offside, maybe not—blitzed off the left edge. The Ravens brought one more man than the 49ers could block, making Kaepernick's arms and legs useless. With Reed in his face, the 49ers quarterback had to throw before Randy Moss was ready. The pass was incomplete, and Baltimore's old men kept the lead. (Lewis, who didn't accomplish much of anything all game, busted into the line ineffectually. But hey, that's why there are 10 other players on the field.)
If Kaepernick is the NFL's future, then Joe Flacco is a man out of the recent past. The Ravens quarterback, who threw for 287 yards and three touchdowns in winning the Super Bowl MVP, is Maryland's version of Eli Manning: a passer with middling regular-season stats and a growing resume of unimpeachable playoff performances. Flacco escaped pressure, found his receivers deep, and didn't do anything stupid. Now that he has a Lombardi Trophy in hand, Flacco won't be criticized again, at least until he has one bad regular-season game and everyone questions whether he's truly “elite.”
Before Flacco grabbed the glory, Kaepernick had a final chance to lead his team to victory. Down five with four minutes to go, the 49ers surged through a Ravens defense that was missing defensive tackle/immovable object Haloti Ngata, who'd been forced from the field earlier in the second half with a knee injury. Kaepernick handed off to Frank Gore for eight yards, then ran for eight himself. After a 24-yard throw to Michael Crabtree, Gore ran for another 33. But then the 49ers stalled: a 2-yard run, a rollout and an incomplete pass to Michael Crabtree, a wasted timeout, another incomplete pass to Crabtree in which the receiver's head was nearly separated from his torso. On fourth down, the Ravens blitzed and Kaepernick again had no time to run or go through his reads. With no better option available, he lobbed a fade to Crabtree, who was held by Baltimore's Jimmy Smith.
Yes, Crabtree got held. Every receiver gets held on every pass route. This time, though, the referees ruled that Crabtree didn't get held held. And that's how the most bizarre Super Bowl since the one with the magnetized helmet got decided, on the kind of conventional football controversy that's annoyingly ineradicable—a judgment call that depends as much on the ref's mood as the amount of fabric between the cornerback's fingers.
After that non-penalty, there was thankfully time for one last weirdo sequence. After three short Ravens runs, John Harbaugh ordered his punter Sam Koch to take an intentional safety, sacrificing two points in exchange for running time off the dwindling clock.
More than any other play in Super Bowl XLVII, this one revealed that football is a game of unsurpassed athleticism in which that athleticism can be easily frustrated and outflanked. With 12 seconds to go, the Ravens snapped the ball back to Koch, who waited for the marauding 49ers to force him out of the end zone. The Ravens' linemen, meanwhile, grabbed ahold of those marauding 49ers—the kind of holding that depends less on the refs' judgment than on their having eyeballs.
This was an intentional, ingenious maneuver. The Ravens would either be called for holding in the end zone, the penalty for which is a safety—what Baltimore wanted anyway—or the refs would ignore the blatant tackles and bear hugs, Koch would scamper around for eight seconds, and the game would basically be over.
The latter is exactly what happened. After the game, I asked Vikings punter (and occasional Slate contributor) Chris Kluwe what might have been going through Sam Koch's mind. Taking a safety is a rare treat for a punter, Kluwe told me via email, “but you're definitely focused on not losing the ball, because the coaches will basically murder you if you do.”
Koch didn't drop it, and a game in which the 49ers' quarterback showed he could outrun everyone drew to a close with the Ravens' punter skipping slowly to his right, stalling for time, and crafting the perfectly weird ending that this weird game deserved.
Correction, Feb. 4, 2013: This article mistakenly referred to Colin Kaepernick as a rookie. Though this is his first year starting, he is a second-year player. (Return.)
Moody's Investors Service downgraded the credit ratings of the Big Six banks late Wednesday reflecting “expectation of a more challenging operating environment for banks in Canada for the remainder of 2017 and beyond, that could lead to a deterioration in the banks' asset quality, and increase their sensitivity to external shocks.”
This downgrade was prompted by weakening credit conditions in Canada, led by a surge in household debt, Moodys said, noting it was now at a record high of 167.3 per cent of disposable income, as of the fourth-quarter of 2016.
It is the second time in the past five years that the banks' exposure to increasingly indebted Canadian consumers and elevated housing prices has led the credit rating agency to downgrade their debt en masse. But Moody's noted that the county's banks remain among the highest rated globally.
In January of 2013, Moody's downgraded the long-term ratings of the senior debt of six of the country's largest banks by one notch.
On Wednesday, there was another one notch downgrade to the baseline credit assessments and long-term ratings of Toronto-Dominion Bank, Bank of Montreal, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, National Bank of Canada and Royal Bank of Canada, and their affiliates.
The counterparty risk assessments were also downgraded for those banks, with the exception of Toronto-Dominion Bank.
“Expanding levels of private-sector debt could weaken asset quality in the future,” said David Beattie, a Moody's senior vice president, in a statement. “Continued growth in Canadian consumer debt and elevated housing prices leaves consumers, and Canadian banks, more vulnerable to downside risks facing the Canadian economy than in the past.”
The ratings agency downgrade — as well as ongoing concerns about monoline mortgage lender Home Capital Group Inc. — prompted a question on a conference call hosted by Brookfield Asset Management Inc. on Thursday.
Bruce Flatt, chief executive of BAM, said the asset manager is watching the developments, but does not foresee problems for the country's banks or the broader economy.
“I would just say based on the information we have, first, banks in Canada are extremely well financed,” Flatt said. “And the mortgage market is different from what caused the problems in the United States and therefore we don't believe there (are) any issues in the banks or on a macro basis to Canada.”
In the report that explains Moody's rationale for downgrading the banks' debt, the ratings agency says house prices and consumer debt levels remain historically high despite measures put into place by Canadian policymakers in recent years — though those have had some success in moderating the rate of housing price growth. Business credit, the other component of private-sector debt, has also grown rapidly, Moody's noted.
“We do note that the Canadian banks maintain strong buffers in terms of capital and liquidity,” the ratings agency said in its rationale. “However, the resilience of household balance sheets, and consequently bank portfolios, to a serious economic downturn has not been tested at these levels of private sector indebtedness.”
Lower debt ratings tend to raise the cost of capital. That's because debt issues are priced based on risk — the lower the rating, the more perceived risk there is, and that demands higher interest be paid. For banks, this can affect margins, which are based on the difference between the rates at which the banks borrow money and the rates at which it is loaned to customers.
Moody's said the Canadian banks' ratings could be revised upwards if macro-economic conditions in Canada improve and the Canadian banks maintain sound financial metrics.
As well, the affected banks' ratings could also be downgraded if their fundamentals weaken, as evidenced by an even more challenging operating environment and/or deterioration in their financial metrics, the ratings agency said.
Moody's lowered Toronto-Dominion's rating to AA2, and dropped the other Big Five banks to A1.
WASHINGTON, DC - NOVEMBER 14: U.S. Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) (L), speaks to the media while flanked by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), on November 14, 2012 in Washington, DC. The Senators spoke briefly to reporters after attending a policy luncheon. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON -- Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) was among those celebrating President Barack Obama signing the Violence Against Women Act into law on Thursday. Except he voted against the bill -- and tried to gloss over that fact even as he praised one of the law's provisions.
Shortly after Obama signed the VAWA reauthorization, Cornyn released a statement titled, "Cornyn Bill to Eliminate Nationwide Rape Kit Backlog Signed Into Law." He hails the passage of the Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Reporting (SAFER) Act, which helps to reduce the number of rape kits in the possession of law enforcement authorities but not yet tested. The SAFER Act was rolled into the VAWA bill before it passed the Senate.
"An unacceptable national backlog of untested rape kits has compounded the pain for too many victims of sexual assault over the years. Today, we take a significant step toward reducing that backlog," Cornyn said. "I'm pleased with the wide bipartisan support the SAFER Act received and with the President's signature today, law enforcement can begin working immediately to test outstanding kits and see that justice is served."
The press release goes on to give background on the SAFER Act and all the groups who support it. But Cornyn, who has been a leading voice on the SAFER Act as a standalone issue, never mentions that he actually voted against the measure he had championed when he cast his vote against the VAWA bill.
A Cornyn spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment.
News of Cornyn's misleading comments comes a day after HuffPost reported that several House Republicans who voted against VAWA are now trying to make it look like they voted for it.
A team of MIT researchers has designed a breathable workout suit with ventilating flaps that open and close in response to an athlete's body heat and sweat. These flaps, which range from thumbnail- to finger-sized, are lined with live microbial cells that shrink and expand in response to changes in humidity. The cells act as tiny sensors and actuators, driving the flaps to open when an athlete works up a sweat, and pulling them closed when the body has cooled off.
The researchers have also fashioned a running shoe with an inner layer of similar cell-lined flaps to air out and wick away moisture. Details of both designs are published today in Science Advances.
Why use live cells in responsive fabrics? The researchers say that moisture-sensitive cells require no additional elements to sense and respond to humidity. The microbial cells they have used are also proven to be safe to touch and even consume. What's more, with new genetic engineering tools available today, cells can be prepared quickly and in vast quantities, to express multiple functionalities in addition to moisture response.
To demonstrate this last point, the researchers engineered moisture-sensitive cells to not only pull flaps open but also light up in response to humid conditions.
“We can combine our cells with genetic tools to introduce other functionalities into these living cells,” says Wen Wang, the paper's lead author and a former research scientist in MIT's Media Lab and Department of Chemical Engineering. “We use fluorescence as an example, and this can let people know you are running in the dark. In the future we can combine odor-releasing functionalities through genetic engineering. So maybe after going to the gym, the shirt can release a nice-smelling odor.”
Wang's co-authors include 14 researchers from MIT, specializing in fields including mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, architecture, biological engineering, and fashion design, as well as researchers from New Balance Athletics. Wang co-led the project, dubbed bioLogic, with former graduate student Lining Yao as part of MIT's Tangible Media group, led by Hiroshi Ishii, the Jerome B. Wiesner Professor of Media Arts and Sciences.
Shape-shifting cells
In nature, biologists have observed that living things and their components, from pine cone scales to microbial cells and even specific proteins, can change their structures or volumes when there is a change in humidity. The MIT team hypothesized that natural shape-shifters such as yeast, bacteria, and other microbial cells might be used as building blocks to construct moisture-responsive fabrics.
“These cells are so strong that they can induce bending of the substrate they are coated on,” Wang says.
The researchers first worked with the most common nonpathogenic strain of E. coli, which was found to swell and shrink in response to changing humidity. They further engineered the cells to express green fluorescent protein, enabling the cell to glow when it senses humid conditions.
They then used a cell-printing method they had previously developed to print E. coli onto sheets of rough, natural latex.
The team printed parallel lines of E. coli cells onto sheets of latex, creating two-layer structures, and exposed the fabric to changing moisture conditions. When the fabric was placed on a hot plate to dry, the cells began to shrink, causing the overlying latex layer to curl up. When the fabric was then exposed to steam, the cells began to glow and expand, causing the latex flatten out. After undergoing 100 such dry/wet cycles, Wang says the fabric experienced “no dramatic degradation” in either its cell layer or its overall performance.
No sweat
The researchers worked the biofabric into a wearable garment, designing a running suit with cell-lined latex flaps patterned across the suit's back. They tailored the size of each flap, as well as the degree to which they open, based on previously published maps of where the body produces heat and sweat.
“People may think heat and sweat are the same, but in fact, some areas like the lower spine produce lots of sweat but not much heat,” Yao says. “We redesigned the garment using a fusion of heat and sweat maps to, for example, make flaps bigger where the body generates more heat.”
Support frames underneath each flap keep the fabric's inner cell layer from directly touching the skin, while at the same time, the cells are able to sense and react to humidity changes in the air lying just over the skin. In trials to test the running suit, study participants donned the garment and worked out on exercise treadmills and bicycles while researchers monitored their temperature and humidity using small sensors positioned across their backs.
After five minutes of exercise, the suit's flaps started opening up, right around the time when participants reported feeling warm and sweaty. According to sensor readings, the flaps effectively removed sweat from the body and lowered skin temperature, more so than when participants wore a similar running suit with nonfunctional flaps.
When Wang tried on the suit herself, she found that the flaps created a welcome sensation. After pedaling hard for a few minutes, Wang recalls that “it felt like I was wearing an air conditioner on my back.”
Ventilated running shoes
The team also integrated the moisture-responsive fabric into a rough prototype of a running shoe. Where the bottom of the foot touches the sole of the shoe, the researchers sewed multiple flaps, curved downward, with the cell-lined layer facing toward — though not touching — a runner's foot. They again designed the size and position of the flaps based on heat and sweat maps of the foot.
“In the beginning, we thought of making the flaps on top of the shoe, but we found people don't normally sweat on top of their feet,” Wang says. “But they sweat a lot on the bottom of their feet, which can lead to diseases like warts. So we thought, is it possible to keep your feet dry and avoid those diseases?”
As with the workout suit, the flaps on the running shoe opened and lit up when researchers increased the surrounding humidity; in dry conditions the flaps faded and closed.
Going forward, the team is looking to collaborate with sportswear companies to commercialize their designs, and is also exploring other uses, including moisture-responsive curtains, lampshades, and bedsheets.
“We are also interested in rethinking packaging,” Wang says. “The concept of a second skin would suggest a new genre for responsive packaging.”
“This work is an example of harnessing the power of biology to design new materials and devices and achieve new functions,” says Xuanhe Zhao, the Robert N. Noyce Career Development Associate Professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering and a co-author on the paper. “We believe this new field of ‘living' materials and devices will find important applications at the interface between engineering and biological systems.”
This research was supported, in part, by MIT Media Lab and the Singapore-MIT Alliance.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner urged fellow Republicans on Tuesday to pass a long-term government spending bill next week, hoping to avoid a government shutdown and pushing any budget fight over President Barack Obama's executive order on immigration into 2015.
U.S. House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) (L) arrives for a House Republican caucus meeting at the U.S. Capitol in Washington December 2, 2014. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
At a closed meeting of House Republicans to plot strategy on how to handle a must-pass government spending bill, Republicans said Boehner argued for funding most of the government through next September but only giving a short-term extension to the Department of Homeland Security, the agency that would implement Obama's executive orders.
That would allow Republicans to revisit efforts to block Obama's immigration action by placing spending restrictions on DHS activities early next year, while avoiding an immediate standoff that could close federal agencies when current government spending authority expires on Dec. 11.
But after the meeting, several Republicans said they were skeptical of Boehner's plan and unwilling to remove the shutdown threat from budget negotiations.
“I don't think anything is off the table. I don't think anybody is thinking about a shutdown, but in negotiations, you never take anything off the table,” said Representative Raul Labrador, a leading House conservative.
Many conservatives want to use the spending bill to deny money for Obama's unilateral action lifting the threat of deportation for as many as 4.7 million of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants.
The political stakes are high for Republicans. After broad wins in Nov. 4 elections that will give them a majority in the Senate and a bigger majority in the House next year, Boehner and other Republican leaders want to demonstrate they can govern and avoid a shutdown fight.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama would prefer to see the spending bill cover the entire government for a full year but declined to say if Obama would veto a bill with shorter funding for DHS.
Republicans also said Boehner floated a plan to hold a separate vote on a resolution saying the president does not have the authority to take the executive action on immigration. That vote would be symbolic, however, as it would not likely pass the Democratic-controlled Senate.
Boehner said after the meeting that no decisions had been made and consultations would continue with Republicans in the House and Senate.
“I think they understand that it's going to be difficult to take meaningful action as long as we've got Democratic control of the Senate,” Boehner said.
“Frankly, we have limited options, limited ability to deal with it directly,” he said of possible responses to Obama's immigration order.
Democratic Senate Leader Harry Reid told reporters the Senate would “take a look” at a House-passed spending bill that included a short-term extension for Homeland Security.
“That would be a big accomplishment if we could get a bill over here that would fund all the appropriations sub-committees except one,” he said.
Representative Peter Roskam of Illinois said Boehner's proposal was well received, and he did not think the conservative effort to delete funding for the immigration order in the must-pass bill would get much traction.
But Republican Representative Steve King of Iowa, a leading conservative in the fight against the immigration order, said the short-term extension for DHS should cut off any funding for Obama's action even if it leads to a shutdown.
“It isn't us bringing about a shutdown. We fund everything else, and then the president has to argue that he's going to shut down the government in order for him to carry out his lawless, unconstitutional act,” King said.
While some Republicans favor easing immigration laws and hope to bolster Hispanic support for the party, many others are opposed, citing a perceived burden on U.S. society. What unifies Republicans is a belief that Obama's executive orders overstep his legal authority and serve as a form of amnesty for lawbreakers.
Republican Representative Tim Huelskamp of Kansas, another prominent conservative, said a short-term extension of DHS that lasted through March was “not good enough” because it would allow the administration to begin implementing Obama's action.
He said Boehner told the meeting the exact length of the DHS extension was still being discussed with the Senate.
U.S. Homeland Security chief Jeh Johnson told a congressional hearing he would not be able to hire Secret Service agents and detention center personnel the department needs with only a short-term funding bill.
“I'm urging that we act on our current appropriations request for the sake of border security and homeland security,” Johnson told the Homeland Security Committee.
At a tense hearing, Johnson defended the president's plan against Republicans who said it would encourage even more crossings at the southern U.S. border. Congresswoman Candice Miller of Michigan warned the administration would be sued over the action.
We tend to think of religions as being conservative, stodgy, or lagging when it comes to anything that has to do with technology, and especially online technology. Therefore it may come as a bit of a surprise to find out that at least one religion, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, whose members are commonly known by the abbreviation “LDS” or the nickname “Mormons,” is one of the most advanced large organizations in the world when it comes to SEO, content marketing, and the use of social media [Full disclosure, I am an active member of the LDS Church]. As a member of this religious community and someone who makes his living from consulting with businesses regarding digital marketing, I have been more than curious to learn from the campaigns the LDS Church has engaged in to get their message out. Here are some of the lessons entrepreneurs and businesses can take from the Mormon way of doing digital marketing.
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
SEO, which stands for search engine optimization, includes all activities that influence the ranking of a website on a search engine for a given keyword search. The higher a website's rankings, the more traffic it gets. Digital marketing consultant Justin Briggs analyzed the SEO efforts of the LDS Church in 2010 while working for SEO consultancy Distilled and published his results in a well-read blog post. Given the time that has passed, I decided to revisit a few of Briggs' findings when it came to the LDS Church's SEO tactics and results.
First, I looked at rankings for non-branded, generic keywords. Although exact results may differ from one person's computer to another, when I used the SEO software tool SEMRush to analyze Google rankings for the following keywords for desktop users in the United States, I found LDS.org rankings in the top five results for these searches:
bible
bible dictionary
christ
church music
holy bible
holy ghost
jesus christ
king james bible
new testament
old testament
scriptures
It is not easy to rank for these keywords. Using SEMRush's competitive analysis tool, the only website that outperformed LDS.org on these searches was Wikipedia, and this doesn't take into account the fact that LDS.org is only one of the more than 100 websites the LDS Church maintains. Others include Mormon.org, ProvidentLiving.org, and OvercomingPornography.org.
But the name of the game isn't just to rank for highly competitive, simple keywords like those above, but to also target a large number of long tail searches, or keyword phrases that are more specific. The number of searches for “holy bible” is certain to outnumber those for “isaiah let us reason together,” (LDS.org ranks fifth on Google for this search) but when you add up the aggregate visitors from millions of specific searches they outweigh the visitors searching for a handful of generic terms. The LDS Church appears to have mastered both. Perhaps this shouldn't be too surprising coming from a religion that has an official statement on SEO, in which it says “We view SEO as a method to spread the gospel online...”
Internally, the LDS Church has taken steps to use the best SEO practices on all its websites, making sure each page loads quickly, has a search engine friendly URL, uses easily readable HTML text in place of graphics where possible, and uses title, H1, and other tags properly. Its websites are an excellent case study in how to implement Moz's oft-referenced Beginner's Guide to SEO.
But one of the greatest assets the LDS Church has when it comes to SEO is its more than 15 million members around the world. Church members have long been encouraged to master technology and use it to spread the gospel message, and they have responded in recent years by setting up personal websites and blogs, many of which link liberally to LDS Church web properties. Inbound links like these are a key factor in how Google determines the credibility or importance of a website and its rankings.
Following in Briggs' footsteps once again, I compared the number of inbound links for LDS.org to those on The Moz Top 500 (last updated January, 2014) and found that the 8.8 million incoming links LDS.org has would put it in 204th place, just ahead of websites like GoDaddy.com and TechCrunch, and slightly behind Weather.com, Slashdot, and Forbes.
Entrepreneurs and businesses would do well to encourage their employees and customers to be active technology users, as the LDS Church encourages its membership. As important is sharing the vision and “why” behind the “how,” so that ability is complemented by motivation. This can lead to employees and customers creating their own resources to further motivate their peers, as LDS Church member Larry Richman has done with his blog LDS Media Talk and book 101 Ways to Hasten the Work Online.
Content Marketing
From its General Conference videos to music from the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, the LDS Church puts a massive amount of content online. Google has indexed 11.4 million web pages on LDS.org, not all too far behind the BBC which has 12.8 million indexed web pages. But the LDS Church has hundreds of other channels where it distributes content. One of these, the companion to Mormon.org on YouTube, dubbed the “Mormon Channel,” features hundreds of professional quality videos and has 95,000 subscribers. One of the features of the channel is approximately 100 videos detailing the life and ministry of Jesus Christ, which by themselves have been seen millions of times. Paul Fischer, a Salesforce consultant posting on LinkedIn 's Pulse network, explains how the LDS Church used these Bible videos integrated with long form content to produce an Easter-themed webpage entitled “Because He Lives” that is an excellent example of inbound marketing. Fischer points out this is no amateur effort. “Upon inspecting the elements of the Easter website I noticed that the page is using Clicktale,” Fischer says. “Clicktale is a sophisticated software suite that tracks ‘mouse heatmaps.' Some of their customers include Logitec, Lenovo , and Walmart.” Fischer goes on to explain how the Church effectively used calls to action to lead visitors down various paths, depending on the type of content and topics they were interested in.
But as with SEO, the LDS Church's greatest successes in content marketing appear to originate not from headquarters, but from its members. At Mormon.org the LDS Church has one-page profilles for well known members like José Silva, an actor from Brazil, Elaine Bradley of the Neon Trees, and Brandon Flowers of The Killers, but gives “normal” members myself, Jouni from Finland, or Eunice Eshun from Ghana the ability to create similar profiles where we can share our beliefs and answer questions. Gathering content from members has helped boost the indexed pages for that website to 748,000, and also overlaps as an effective local SEO tactic since each profile is tied to a geographic area.
To take things a step further, perhaps even more is being done to promote awareness of the LDS Church and the beliefs of its members by members doing their own thing online, without any assistance whatsoever from the Church. YouTube sensations like the Shaytards, The Piano Guys, DevinSupertramp, and Lindsey Stirling have attracted billions of views to their videos, dwarfing the reach of official LDS Church channels.
Key takeaways for businesses? Produce lots of great content and market it well, but even better, inspire your employees and customers to create content for you--they'll have greater reach.
Social Media
Ambassador, a referral automation software firm, has compiled a list of 40 studies showing word of mouth is the most effective form of marketing. LDS Church leaders have long understood that while professional marketing and PR may be helpful, and celebrity YouTubers can provide a big boost, the real power for communicating LDS beliefs lays in encouraging every Church member to be a missionary, and that's why social media has become a focal point in any discussion regarding the Church, missionary work, and technology.
“Social media channels are global tools that can personally and positively impact large numbers of individuals and families,” said Elder David A. Bednar, a top leader in the LDS Church, in a 2014 talk entitled To Sweep the Earth as with a Flood, delivered to students at LDS Church-owned Brigham Young University. He continued, “And I believe the time has come for us as disciples of Christ to use these inspired tools appropriately and more effectively to testify.”
Some of the LDS Church's more than 80,000 full time missionaries are spending time browsing social media sites looking to engage anyone willing to discuss topics related to the Church, even if “anyone” means trolls. But it's normal members who are flooding walls, streams, and boards with gospel-related content. Some of it is initiated by the Church, such as when the use of specific hashtags is encouraged by Church media channels (see #LDSconf), but much of it is spontaneous. In his talk, Elder Bednar spoke of the Instagram account “bofm365” started by Ben and Chelsea Prince of Arizona. Each and every day, the Princes post a new image with a reading assignment in the Book of Mormon. The account has attracted over 68,000 followers to date. The lesson for businesses and entrepreneurs here is not just to encourage employee and customer activity on social networks, but to teach consistency as a key success factor.
The Greatest Success Comes From Letting Go
Much more has been said (see Are the Mormons Better Than YOU at Content Marketing? by Taylor Stockwell) and could be said on what can be learned from the LDS Church when it comes to digital marketing. If there is any “one big thing” to learn, it's to let go of control. What is clear from the success of the LDS Church with SEO, content marketing, and social media, is that the largest results have come from outside the Church organization. This couldn't happen unless the Church took the risk of encouraging its members to use their best judgement, and get to work. Mark Zuckerberg might call this strategy “move fast and break things.” A 150 year old statement from Joseph Smith, the first President of the LDS Church, is just as apt; “I teach them correct principles, and they govern themselves.”
Have you found digital marketing lessons in unlikely places? Share with us in the comments below.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Super Thursday is the biggest day of the year for booksellers
Come Christmas, what can you expect to find in that festive parcel under the tree? It could be the memoirs of Sir Tom Jones or Sir Terry Wogan, or a new cookbook by Delia Smith, Gordon Ramsay or Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall.
These are some of the 503 new titles released on Thursday, and booksellers will be displaying them prominently in their windows, and in the front of their shops, between now and Christmas Day.
"Super Thursday" has recently become the biggest day of the year in the UK's book industry, when almost every publishing company releases its Christmas list.
And with Christmas presents accounting for 30% of all the books we buy, cookbooks and celebrity memoirs figure heavily in the line-ups because they remain the book world's most popular festive gifts.
However, this year's list is more varied than it was in 2014, and it includes new fiction by Martina Cole and Robert Harris, as well as Bill Bryson's The Road to Little Dribbling - his first travel book for 15 years. A number of booksellers welcome having a broader list.
"The market is getting very excited about things like the new book from Sir Alex Ferguson," says Brett Wolstencroft, the manager of Daunt Books in Marylebone, London.
"That is bound to sell well around Christmas. But as an independent bookshop in London, we are relying much more on sales of serious fiction."
E-book challenge
Super Thursday is a similar marketing concept to America's "Black Friday", which takes place in early November and marks the start of the US Christmas shopping season. It aims to encourage people to rush to the shops to snap up newly-released books.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Harper Lee's long-awaited Go Set A Watchman was one of the best-sellers this year
Many booksellers are putting on events with authors. such as talks and book-signings, and there is also a campaign called Books Are My Bag, where free canvas book-bags designed by Grayson Perry and Lauren Child will be given away with purchases.
Last year, UK booksellers made £35m in sales on Super Thursday alone. This year, with a bigger list of books on offer, they hope to make more.
The book trade needs an effective marketing strategy because over the past decade printed books have lost a big chunk of their market to e-books.
Sales of these rose from virtually zero in 2005 to more than £300m last year, according to The Bookseller. Sales of printed books fell by the same amount, and over the same period, one-third of Britain's independent bookstores went out of business.
Sales bounce back
However, publishers and booksellers are managing to stem their losses. While sales of physical books - as they are now known - fell by 8% in 2013 and 2% in 2014, they have risen by 5% so far this year, according to the research company Nielsen Bookscan.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Physical books have lost ground to e-books in many markets
It all depends on categories.
E-books outsell physical books in the market for adult popular fiction and erotic literature, such as Fifty Shades of Grey, and their sales peak in the first half of the year as people stock up on e-books to read while commuting, or on their summer holidays.
However, physical books still dominate in the fields of serious fiction and non-fiction - photographs and illustrations are better viewed on a page than on a screen. They have their peak sales in the pre-Christmas season, because almost everyone prefers to give a book as a gift rather than an e-book.
The biggest rise has been in sales of printed books for children and young adults, which are going up by about 10% a year. This has surprised publishers because young people are widely seen as the "digital generation" who are used to viewing content online.
Vloggers - or video bloggers - like Alfie Deyes and Zoella, have played a big part in leading young people back to print. Millions of teens and pre-teens watch them on their internet channels and both have produced physical books this year which have topped the non-fiction charts.
"Young people like having books as beautiful objects," says author James Dawson, who writes fiction for young people.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The biggest rise has been in sales of printed books for children and young adults
"I think more and more publishers are investing in creating books which are almost pieces of art. Children like having a good-looking book to sit beside their colourful pencil cases and other possessions.
"You see on social media young people doing their 'shelfies', taking pictures of their colour co-ordinated books lined up like a rainbow. Young people have always been collectors of physical objects," he says.
The rise of the e-book 30% share of UK book purchases 47% share of adult fiction
£393m spent on e-books
£1.7bn amount spent on print books
Unsurprisingly, then, this year's booklist features many more books for young people and children than in previous years. These include a new book from Michael Morpurgo, author of the play and film Warhorse, and Happy, by the singer Pharrell Williams.
Publishers may have been caught unawares by the boom in demand for books amongst young people, but they now see them as the cornerstone for rebuilding their industry.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Haile Gebrselassie has a problem.
You wouldn't know it from a quick glance at his famous face, which is fixed with the beguiling smile that has accompanied him on a career that has touched heights that no other athlete has managed.
This is a man who broke 23 separate world records, collected two Olympic gold medals and earned four world titles.
He bestrode the track and the streets of famous marathons in Berlin, New York and Chicago and has now carried that success into the world of business, where he is one of the chief drivers of a resurgent Ethiopian economy that is creating millionaires faster than any other country in Africa.
But as he explains over delicious, jet-black coffee strong enough to wipe out the hazy affects of altitude, he can't answer his phone right now. To prove the point, when his iPhone trills, he takes a quick look and sets it back down on the table in the small office that overlooks one of the busiest roads in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia's bustling, frenetic and endearingly chaotic capital city.
“If I don't know the number, I won't answer. You know why?” he asks. “Because government ministers will ring me up and say ‘Haile – I need a ticket for the big run on Sunday!'”
Hearing this story is the perfect introduction to the Great Ethiopian Run – the colourful, barmy and brilliant little brother of our own beloved Great North Run.
Last Sunday I was invited to Ethiopia to take part in this 10k event, and line up alongside the 37,000 other hopefuls desperate to make it to the Jan Meda sports ground in downtown Addis.
Why? Well, the Great Ethiopian Run goes way back with the North East. The first kernel of an idea came when local girl Abi Masefield, a gym friend of the great Gebrselassie, mentioned the possibility about creating an African equivalent of our own famous half-marathon from Newcastle to South Shields.
Abi's mum Andrea Wonfor was friends with Brendan Foster, and when she mentioned it, the wheels were set in motion. Twelve months on, and with help from the good people at Nova International, the first event was held and won, fittingly enough, by Gebrselassie.
Fourteen years on, it has grown to something bigger than a running event. Seen by those in the country as key to exploding the old myths of Ethiopia as a famine-ridden basket case, it has become a joyous celebration of everything that is great about a country that surprised me greatly during four incredible days.
It may be lagging some way behind the Great North Run and its million finishers, but that is not for want of trying. Two days before the run you can't find a race t-shirt anywhere – even if you're in the seat of government.
“If we were allowed to sell 200,000 tickets, they would sell out within a few days,” Gebrselassie explains.
“I'm being serious! On Wednesday I had to buy three t-shirts from somebody on the street and he looked at me and said ‘Why do you need to buy them?'
“Well, we have many events in the run up to the event and I told one of the speakers that I would get him a t-shirt. I didn't have any! So I needed to buy one.
“It sounds as if it is stressful, but I'm so happy about it. Do you think it is just a 10k? No, it's not a 10k race. They dance, they jog, they walk. They get a medal at the end and they hang it on the wall. It is a joyful occasion.”
Three days later, lining up at the start of the race the familiar burble of apprehension that every runner recognises is present in the pit of my stomach.
It is not because of the local cuisine: the flat-bread called injera that is served with the lip-smacking stews and spicy concoctions that make Ethiopian food such a winning surprise. Rather it is because as I looked over the thousands of runners clad in the standard-issue red and green t-shirts, jostling for position, dancing in groups and making more noise than St James' Park on a Saturday, I wondered how exactly I was going to make it to the start without losing a shoe.
I'd already seen a man propose to his girlfriend two metres before the start of the race, but that was nothing compared to the joyous riot of colour and entertainment that awaited.
And when the buzzer goes, the anxiety melts away. At 3,000 feet above sea level, you have to abandon all hope of a personal best. There is no chip timing system anyway, which probably explains why a large portion of the runners chose to amble, walk and gawp there way through 10 of the most memorable kilometres I will ever experience.
I try running for the first couple of miles, but altitude makes it feel like you're running with a piano on your chest. My excuse for slowing to a near standstill is the break-dancers that line the route just after 3km.
A few minutes ahead, a DJ spins Ethiopian pop and a group of beautifully-attired women stop to dance. A little bit further on, the patrons of a local bar give good-natured advice to runners, telling them they're wasting their time on that exercise lark. The runners' response is to high five or make a grab for the beers that they're clutching.
The kilometres melt away far too quickly. I want to string it out, and the steep hill at mile five gives me the chance. A water pipe has been popped open to give runners a chance to soak themselves – a brief respite from the scorching 27 degree sun. It's not actually been that hot for most of my trip, but on this day it is boiling, making dipping under the 50- minute mark next to impossible.
All-too-soon I'm at the end with the rest of the party from Nova International sipping tea.
Dave Newton, the managing director, had said that they want to help market this run to the North East and beyond – to turn it into a destination run – and it should be an easy sell. It really is the most memorable, incredible experience that any runner could hope for.
A few hours after the end of the race – won by Wude Ayalew in a half-hour time that is testament to the course's difficulty – Gebrselassie holds a house party for various dignitaries at his smart mansion.
They say you should never meet your heroes, but he is a walking contradiction of that point. Everywhere he has been over the weekend – and he has been at the British ambassador's house, at a packed pre-race press conference and leading the traditional Ethiopian dancing at a local restaurant with trademark effervescence – he has signed autographs, posed for pictures and preached about the coming greatness of his brilliant country.
Pouring out measures of Johnnie Walker whiskey large enough to sink a navy fleet, he encourages us to join in the traditional dancing. A few hours later we're taking a look around a trophy room that takes up all of his first floor.
Most of all, he wants us to spread the message: “When I ran all around the world I remember thinking to myself ‘I wish we had a race like this in Ethiopia'. I always wished that – but especially I wished we had our own version of the Great North Run, it's so colourful, friendly and nice,” he says.
“Well the dream came true after many years. We are not as successful as the Great North Run and I can say that when I started, I did not expect all of this to happen. Now though, anyone you ask who has experienced it will tell you about the Great Ethiopian Run.”
They will tell you about Ethiopia, too, which is a wonderful and fantastic destination.
Addis will not win many beauty prizes – conforming to the chaotic template of most developing countries. But it is rich in soul, spirit and life and there is a vibrancy about the city which contributes to the spirit-soaring feeling that carries you through the 10k run.
The day before the event we headed to the top of Entoto mountain to look down on the city below and it took my breath away. Just like the run, four days wasn't enough.
For more information about the event go to ethiopianrun.org or greatrun.org/events/Event.aspx?id=21.
Photos courtesy of Dan Vernon photography: danvernonphotography.com.
PoliZette Thousands of Conservatives Cheer for Trump to Stay Crowd at California conference wants GOP nominee to resist dropout calls, 'fight for America'
Thousands of people cheered for Republican Donald Trump to stay in the race in Bakersfield, California, Saturday.
The crowd, attending the Bakersfield Business Conference, was first asked by Laura Ingraham, one of dozens of guest speakers and editor-in-chief of LifeZette, to cheer if Trump should quit the race. Crickets. Then Ingraham asked the crowd if the GOP nominee should stick it out.
Republicans seemed unswayed by the 11-year-old comments. Democrats seem to think they should end Trump.
Advertisement
“Now how many Republicans want him to stay in this race and fight for America? Actually win for America?”
The crowd erupted with enthusiastic cheers.
The response from the attendees, mostly conservative voters, shows a potentially large disconnect between ordinary Americans and elites on the issue of Trump's character revelations. Many in the media and political leaders have said Trump should leave the ticket after disclosure of lewd talk on a bus 11 years ago.
[lz_jwplayer video=ToluMXyY]
A 2005 recording of Trump using vulgar and lewd language about women he found sexually attractive was released on the Friday before the second presidential debate by someone at NBC News.
Advertisement
Ingraham began her remarks by saying she was “appalled and saddened” by Trump's comments, and that she “was glad” that he apologized. “But let's be very clear — the Leftists claiming to be offended by his ‘hot mic' remarks have zero credibility. None of them bailed on or even criticized President Clinton when he was impeached for lying, received oral sex from a White House intern, or was accused of sexual assault,” Ingraham said.
She then proceeded to list the “real scandals” in which Hillary Clinton was the chief bad actor — from Benghazi to lying about the private email server to pay-to-play at the State Department.
“Those have done more to harm America's security and standing around the world than anything Donald Trump did as a private citizen — no matter how crude.”
Unlike some other Trump troubles, the surfacing of the 11 year-old comments caused substantial quaking within the GOP and Trump's own organization.
Some even suggested giving the nomination to Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, the Republican vice presidential nominee. Trump has issued two statements of apology, but lost many GOP endorsements in a run on his candidacy Saturday.
But so far, the voters don't seem moved. According to a Politico/Morning Consult poll released on Sunday, “fewer than four-in-10 voters — 39 percent — think Trump should end his presidential campaign, while only slightly more voters, 45 percent, think he should not drop out.”
Advertisement
The poll was conducted entirely on Saturday, and found a remarkable number of people had heard about the leaked audio. It also found remarkable polarization on the issue.
[lz_related_box id=”221393″]
Republicans seemed unswayed by the 11-year-old comments. Democrats seem to think they should end Trump's career. According to the poll, “70 percent of Democrats say Trump should end his campaign, but just 12 percent of Republicans — and 13 percent of female Republicans — agree.”
Ingraham found the same type of sentiment in Bakersfield, where Dr. Ben Carson and Magic Johnson also spoke.
But Trump is still behind Clinton in the poll. She is getting 42 percent of the vote, while Trump gets 38 percent, in a four-way race.
Advertisement
Trump debates Democrat Hillary Clinton tonight at Washington University in St. Louis at 9 p.m. EDT.
Gabe Newell doesn't just spend his time making himself look like Austrian Santa Claus – he also heads up games software titan Valve. And, soon, gaming hardware titan Valve. Their ‘Steambox‘ PC-as-a-console concept isn't a secret anymore, and indeed Newell now claims the first units might well be in the wild within the next three to four months.
The BBC grabbed Gabe at last night's gaming BAFTAs and encouraged him to talk about time-scales, design and what stops it from happening right now. You should watch the whole video, both because of the Austrian Santa thing and because there's a whole lot more about the Steambox concept in there, but here are some pertinent quotes.
“We're working with partners trying to nail down how fast we can make it. We'll be giving out some prototypes to customers to gauge their reactions, I guess, in the next three to four months,” he told a surprisingly gaming-informed Auntie. He says “yeah, your average gamer has a pretty good idea of what it will be like” in response to questioning about whether it's basically a PC in a box or not.
However, “There are noise issues and heat issues and being able to [deal with] that while still offering a powerful enough gaming experience is the challenge in building it.” This suggests to me that there's some pretty saucy hardware in there – given you can stick a low-to-midrange system in a reasonably thin and quiet laptop these days. He acknowledges there'll be a lot of solid state bits in there to try and keep heat and noise down.
Gamepads – or whatever brave new hand-based world they're trying out – are also presenting obstacles, apparently. “We have a couple of different controller prototypes that we're using, and that's one of the things that we're giving to customers.”
Outside of button pushing is the wearable computing concepts Valve's long been talking up, which will apparently play a part in the Steambox. “You need to actually be able to directly measure how aroused the player is – what their heart rate is, things like that – in order to offer them a new experience each time they play.” Er. I am NOT COOL with Valve knowing how aroused I'm feeling, nor am I sticking any tubes into Little Alec.
Newell also reckoned the biometric stuff would be available outside of Steamboxes too, which is good news for us true-blue PC players. Presumably this means I might be wiring my heart up to a spare USB port any month now.
He also refuses to talk about Half-Life 3 in any way. Boo!
More here.
45User Rating: 4 out of 5
Review title of UncannySilk Power Stone in French? (Updated 11/2/16)
Dont have much experience with the LASTMAN series , but i love me some Power Stone 2 and this game is straight up just Power Stone 2. The gameplay mechanics are a straight up port of PS2 , however it doesn't feel as loose as you would expect it to be. The combat has depth and there are some great setups you can do with the simple playstyle. Content wise, the new modes have to be patched in right now as thhe team is working on a hotfix. But if you have friends or just like casual fighting games, this is the game for you. The texture/graphics as well as the lack of the promised new game modes are waiting to be patched in, so it'd be best to wait for the update to hit. Also there's no online play I believe. UPDATE: the recent patch fixed my issues! Images are HQ AND the modes are in!
James Joyner · · 12 comments
Two Occupy Oakland protestors were hit by a Mercedes-Benz as they were blocking the street, the San Francisco Chronicle reports:
A car struck two Occupy Oakland protesters tonight as they marched with a crowd along Broadway, and an angry mob surrounded the car as emergency workers tended to the injured.
The driver, who was not identified, sat in his silver Mercedes-Benz sedan after the 7:30 p.m. incident while hundreds of people screamed at him through his closed windows.
[…]
The incident happened when the driver was heading south on 11th and was blocked by streams of marchers walking along Broadway, witnesses said. He had a green light, but could not get through.
Hartwig said witnesses had differing accounts of what happened, with some saying the driver appeared to have gunned the Mercedes into the victims in frustration and others saying he had been provoked by activists pounding on his car.
Vintage Thursday - The Man Called Han Solo By The Senate on 2015-12-17 15:45:00 Today's Vintage Insert will be available at 11:00 AM ET in the Darth Vader Master Pack at 1:20 odds. In addition, it will be available in a Vintage Master Pack from 11:00 AM ET until 1:00 PM ET which guarantees you a Vintage insert. 3 hours later, at 2:00 PM ET, it'll be available in the Boba Fett Base Pack at 1:75 odds.
Today's Vintage is "The Man Called Han Solo"
The odds are:
Darth Vader Master Pack - 1:20 (11:00 AM ET)
Vintage Master Pack - 1 Guaranteed Vintage
Boba Fett Base Pack - 1:75 (2:00 PM ET)
Card Count:
2500 printed
AWARD INFO:
The Vintage Set is a Marathon set. For each group of 10 that you collect (inserts 1-10, 11-20, and 21-30), you'll earn a special award card. Also, collect all 30 for an exceptionally rare award card!
Remember, you get Master Access by picking up any credit bundle from the Credits Store!
What would you like to see as a future Vintage card? Let us know in the comments. Head to the Cantina!
Just five days after Raiders undrafted rookie running back Jalen Richard was reported to have had his knee scoped, he was back at practice with the team. This according to local media at practice today.
Richard — a former tryout player — was looking very intriguing in training camp and was making a push for a roster spot before he went down with a knee injury just prior to the team's first preseason game two weeks ago.
For that reason he has yet to suit up for a preseason game. As of the last week, the target for his return was expected to be the preseason finale, but his return to practice today could suggest we may see him take the field this week when the Raiders take on the Titans in Oakland.
Certainly getting him back this week would help the team with their evaluation of him. Even if he only sees a few snaps.
More New Zealanders would prefer to see the Greens stay in Parliament than have them turfed out, the latest Newshub-Reid Research poll has found.
The latest Newshub poll had the Greens safe on 7.1 percent.
It's an upward trend on the previous poll, which had the Greens on 4.9 percent, just below the 5 percent threshold needed to enter Parliament. The party had fallen in popularity with Labour's change in leadership and the loss of one of the Greens' own leaders, Metiria Turei.
During Newshub's latest poll, those surveyed were asked whether they would be sad or happy if the Greens didn't reach the 5 percent threshold required to enter Parliament.
The majority - 45 percent - said they would be sad. Thirty-five percent would be happy to see the Greens outside Parliament and 20 percent didn't know.
NSA Apparently Purchasing Software Exploits From French Security Firm
from the and-everyone's-a-little-less-safe-now dept
The long history of US intelligence agencies' access to software exploits is well-documented. In the interest of "safety," the US government has undermined the safety of millions of users by gathering up exploits and utilizing them for as long as possible before patches and updates close the security holes. Some it acquires directly from companies that report holes in their systems directly to the NSA and other agencies. Others it buys from contractors that specialize in probing software for usable exploits.
Heather Akers-Healy, using Muckrock's FOIA service, recently obtained a document from the NSA (via a FOIA request) detailing its purchase of exploits from Vupen, a French security company specializing in sellable exploits. Unfortunately, the details in this "detailing" are incredibly sparse. Most of what might be interesting is redacted and a majority of the document is standard contractual clauses.
If there's anything of interest here (beyond the purchase of exploits), it's the fact that the transaction takes place on a nondescript form which can be used to handle a variety of products. Due to the standardized wording, it almost appears as though the NSA has the option to purchase exploits by the truckload -- and that said exploits can only be delivered during the normal receiving hours of 7:30 am - 2:30 pm.
That being said, the purchase of exploits is something the NSA has been pretty open about (comparatively). Vupen, or at least its founder and CEO Chaouki Bekrar (who refers to himself as the "Darth Vader of Cybersecurity"), seems rather open about the exploit market itself. As Muckrock points out, Bekrar suggested other FOIA request topics when confronted with this document.
@abbynormative @MuckRockNews You would better ask NSA for contracts with biggest zero-day sellers in US: Northrop, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon — Chaouki Bekrar (@cBekrar) September 2, 2013
With 15 to 20 binary analysis and private 1-day exploits/PoCs released by VUPEN each month, the VUPEN Binary Analysis and Exploits service allows gov organizations to quickly and easily evaluate risks related the most recent vulnerabilities, and protect national infrastructures against critical vulnerabilities before they are exploited in the wild.
VUPEN Exploits for Law Enforcement Agencies aim to deliver exclusive exploit codes for undisclosed vulnerabilities discovered in-house by VUPEN security researchers. This is a reliable and secure approach to help LEAs and investigators in covertly attacking and gaining access to remote computer systems.
Vupen's looking to open an office in Maryland , which would put it in the same neighborhood as several other government contractors -- and the NSA's headquarters. It certainly wouldn't hurt to be a short drive away from some well-funded government agencies. Bekrar also tweeted a link to story by the Washington Post that noted the NSA had $25 million to throw in the direction of software vulnerabilities The " Binary Analysis and Exploits " subscription (pre-paid, yearly) that the NSA purchased is described on Vupen's site as more of a defensive product, but it's highly unlikely intelligence the agency viewed it the same way.Why the NSA didn't simply go with Vupen's more "proactive" product, " Exclusive and Sophisticated Exploits for Offensive Security ", is unknown, unless better exploits were available in the defensive package.While the NSA's document may lack a lot of details, a brochure obtained by Wikileaks shows what's available in Vupen's offensive package. This service targets law enforcement agencies (LEAs) as well as government agencies. LEAs could certainly be considered a "growth market," especially since so many are "rebranding" themselves as entities lying somewhere between a military force and an unofficial FBI field office.What this program does is turn your subscription fee into credits and allow you (the LEA/government) to buy exploits with these credits (based on how valuable Vupen feels they are). It's like a Wii store for vulnerabilities. The ultimate aim?Now, Vupen states on its site and in its brochures that it will only sell to "trusted countries and government agencies." Even if that is entirely true, the underlying issue doesn't go away. Instead of identifying holes and working with software companies to get them patched (or at least informing the general public), it's selling these off to various intelligence/law enforcement agencies.If Vupen can find these exploitable holes, so can other untrustworthy actors, whether they're governments that don't quite make the "trusted" list or simply individuals looking to profit on the misery of others. Vupen can't corner this market. A security hole is a security hole and no one owns it or can prevent others from exploiting it (other than by closing the hole). What it's selling isn't necessarily scarce and what it's doing is allowing the public (including paying customers) to assume the risk while it profits.
Filed Under: foia, nsa, nsa surveillance, purchases, security, software exploits
Companies: vupen
No Man's Sky may have angered some gamers, but Sony's Shuhei Yoshida has defended the PS4 release in an update on Twitter.
Yoshida had previously suggested that Sean Murray and Hello Games had over-promised some features and that the pre-release PR strategy hadn't been the best.
However, in a recent update on Twitter, Yoshida said that he was amazed with what Sean Murray and Hello Games had achieved with No Man's Sky.
"If any of you have questioned, I have always been awed, amazed, inspired and energised by what Hello Games has accomplished with No Man's Sky."
Blogger Gregkwaste is also impressed with No Man's Sky, especially the way Hello Games created its procedurally-generated world.
After exploring the game files, Gregkwaste found that animals, for example, had different descriptors that could mesh together to create new species.
The Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) surveyed illegal immigrant minors in its custody and found that 28 percent of them were gang members, according to Senate testimony.
The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing Wednesday on the “MS-13 problem.” The Salvadoran gang has grown in the recent years in the U.S. due to an influx of illegal immigrant minors from Central America.
Scott Lloyd, director of the ORR, described in his opening testimony the extent of the gang problem among these young illegal immigrants. Unaccompanied illegal immigrant minors are kept in ORR facilities until the agency can find them a sponsor, who is typically a relative.
Lloyd said that a review of these unaccompanied minors in their facilities on June 9 found that of 138 minors in these facilities, 35 were “voluntarily involved with gangs.” He added that four had said they were forced into joining gangs.
The ORR director said that of the 59,170 unaccompanied illegal immigrant minors referred to ORR in Fiscal Year 2016, 95 percent were from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador, all of which are nationalities that MS-13 recruits from.
Lloyd said that the ORR has started the “Community Safety Initiative,” which seeks to combat gang membership among unaccompanied illegal immigrant minors.
The Trump administration has been adamant about cracking down on MS-13. President Trump said during a cabinet meeting last week that the gang “will be gone pretty soon.”
About a month ago, analytics tracking company SportsLogIQ tweeted out some compelling information on the Toronto Maple Leafs' ability to break out of their own zone.
(3/3) @MapleLeafs are 27th in NHL for Possession-Driving Plays per game (183.4). — SPORTLOGiQ (@SPORTLOGiQ) December 13, 2016
(2/3) The @MapleLeafs are 27th in NHL for DZ Possession Success Rate (67.7%).
28th in NHL for DZ Passing Success-Rate (71.3%). — SPORTLOGiQ (@SPORTLOGiQ) December 13, 2016
(1/3) The @MapleLeafs struggle moving Possession out of the D-Zone. They have 6th highest Dump-Out Rate in NHL (20.7%). — SPORTLOGiQ (@SPORTLOGiQ) December 13, 2016
This information should not be too surprising to anyone. While Toronto is an elite offensive team, they are 19th in goals against per game, tied for 27th in shots against per game, and 28th in scoring chances against per 60 according to Corsica.
The primary reason for this — and it's alluded to in the numbers — is that Toronto dumps the puck out a lot. This is a trait that has become a bit of a trend with fast, skilled teams in the league. The Rangers do it often while trying to create neutral zone races and space off the rush, and it's now something Pittsburgh and Montreal do frequently as well.
An easy example is this Mitch Marner goal against Florida where JVR gets the puck and simply chips out to the general area of Marner, who blew the zone to create a race.
Another example is this recent Mitch Marner goal against the Washington Capitals, where Jake Gardiner throws it up the wall, Bozak basically just fires it over into the area of JVR and Marner, and Toronto scores a breakaway goal.
The question for Toronto will be whether they can sustain their current offensive pace with this long-bomb style of hockey down the stretch. While it is true that the Leafs are a solid possession team at the moment (sitting 15th in the league), DragLikePull showed how their numbers cratered in November when they faced stiffer competition:
Here is Toronto's CF% numbers in each month of this season, as well as the average CF% of their opponents: Month CF% Opp CF% Oct 53.2 50.5 Nov 47.6 51.3 Dec 52.6 48.7 The results rebounded significantly in December, when the Leafs played the bottom two Corsi teams (ARI and COL) each twice in December, as well as a game against the Canucks, who are only just barely out of the bottom five. Toronto's possession share fell pretty drastically in November at the same time that their quality of competition rose considerably. November saw the Leafs play five of the top six possession teams in the league (LAK, NSH, MTL, WSH, FLA) as well as #8 (CAR) and #10 (EDM).
One reason I believe this is happening is that the Leafs struggle to break out of their zone cleanly. While their natural skill can sometimes overcome broken zone exits, good teams make them pay for turning it over in the neutral zone.
Let's take a look at some examples to paint a picture of the issues.
Here we see four dump outs in about a minute of play with Leaf players consistently blowing the zone. On the first, Kadri picks up the puck after some sound defensive zone coverage leads to a turnover. He is pressured almost immediately. Leo Komarov is already at center and William Nylander is in the process of blowing the zone. It's designed to open up space, but really it's setting up turnover scenarios.
When the puck does enter the neutral zone and Tampa retrieves it, Matt Hunwick now has a chance with the puck and a wide open partner on a regroup. He elects to fire it immediately off the boards and out. Another turnover. When Tampa dumps it back in, this time it's Connor Carrick's turn. With a wide-open Hunwick available, he shoots it out with a long bomb pass that doesn't work. Another turnover.
After more offensive pressure by Tampa, JVR picks up the puck. It looks just like the Kadri dump out and results in another turnover. In one minute, we see four “shoot outs” that all result in turnovers. These are little plays that can tilt the ice and hand the other team possession.
Here against Florida are two more quick shoot outs. On the first one, Rielly has more time than he thinks and a partner he can move the puck to, but he instantly shoots it out. When the puck is dumped back in, Rielly goes d-to-d and Gardiner's winger outlet blows the zone to center ice, where the puck is shot to.
Continue watching the video and we also see some of the ability of the Leafs at play. They are still able to create a turnover despite the broken breakout, and they actually end up drawing a powerplay at the end of the shift. A weird series of events happened shortly after that drawn penalty: William Nylander ended up scoring on a 4v3. A clear out resulted in a goal because of the Leafs' skill in this case.
Every team inevitably has to use the glass and flip pucks out of their zone. It's an unavoidable part of hockey. For Toronto, it will be about reducing the times they have to resort to it. We can expect that they will as they gain more experience as a collective unit.
Oftentimes, it is little plays like this transition below, where Rielly and Zaitsev get the puck with one time and one forechecker. They go d-to-d, and Rielly doesn't come underneath to support after making the pass. Suddenly, Zaitsev is closed off and has to dump the puck out.
It's important to keep in mind that the oldest defenseman in the Leafs' top four is Jake Gardiner at 26. The next oldest is a 25-year-old rookie in Nikita Zaitsev. The old cliché is that it takes 300 games for NHL defensemen to settle in, and Gardiner is the only one in the top four who has passed that mark (Rielly will later this season). While part of it seems to be strategic, the team is also a little trigger happy when it comes to shooting the puck out once pressured.
While there are some similarities to the run-and-gun Leafs of a few years ago, there are too many differences to make a fair comparison or forecast that the 18 wheeler is headed for the cliff's edge:
The Leafs are good enough to sustain pressure in the offensive zone, which is why they are third in the league in shots-per-game and are 15th in corsi-for percentage.
I have legitimate scoring depth. The Leafs have three lines producing at high levels with each unit possessing a potential 30-goal threat (Kadri, JVR and Matthews).
I make long stretch passes, but they try to make a play after completing them, as opposed to the long bomb pass and deflection dump-in that Toronto used to practice under Randy Carlyle.
I The Leafs have received high-end goaltending for the past few months.
With Florida and Tampa Bay (surprisingly) struggling this season, the door is wide open for Toronto to make the playoffs. As the games tighten up down the stretch, though, this is the kind of on-ice play that can create issues. Any sort of stumble in performance from Frederik Andersen, or a ‘rookie wall' hitting any of Toronto's big three, will make it very difficult to overcome the shots and scoring chances the Leafs give up on a regular basis.
Part 2 of the Leafs Notebook including Notes, Quotes, and 5 Things I Think I'd Do will follow tomorrow.
Button Arrives
Tuesday 19 July 2016 17:30
We are delighted to announce the signing of Brentford goalkeeper David Button for an undisclosed fee.
The Bees' first choice stopper has agreed a three year deal at Craven Cottage, with a Club option for a further 12 months.
After coming through the youth ranks at Tottenham Hotspur and taking in numerous loan spells – notably at Shrewsbury Town and Plymouth Argyle – Button signed permanently for Charlton Athletic in the summer of 2012, before moving across London to Brentford a year later.
In his debut season he played 45 times as our local rivals finished second in League One to ensure they'd be playing second-tier football again for the first time in more than two decades. Only champions Wolverhampton Wanderers conceded fewer goals that term.
The following campaign things got even better for Button and his teammates, as they exceeded all expectations to finish in a Championship Play-Off spot, only to lose out to Middlesbrough over two legs.
27-year-old Button has been one of Brentford's most consistent performers during his time at Griffin Park, and he departs the club having made 141 appearances in just three seasons.
Japan's automaker Toyota Auto Body introduces the "Coms Connect" concept electric personal mobility vehicle during a press preview at the Tokyo Motor Show in October (Photo11: AFP/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES — When it came to the wildest concept cars of the year, they ranged from the sublime to the out-and-out wacky.
Concept cars are visions of the motoring future. At their best, they allow designers to explore new ideas and stretch the limits of their creativity. The results are shown at auto shows, where auto executives can gauge the public's acceptance.
Relatively few make it to production. These days, however, fewer concepts fall into the fantasy category. Many are idealized versions of coming models that have already received their green light. Automakers put them out before the public to try to generate excitement.
Some automakers try out crazier designs than others. Japan's Toyota Auto Body had the "Coms Connect" concept, an "electric personal mobility vehicle" shown at the Tokyo Motor Show that looked like a big triangle on wheels. One German maker, SUSI & James, showed off a gleaming roadster with a polished wooden body at the Frankfurt Motor Show. It had big, dark wooden fenders like a car from the 1930s, but the overall effect appeared to be like trying to take your dining-room table for a spin.
This year, Toyota showed the FCV-Plus, a fuel-cell concept with giant windows and little wheels that looks like a giant insect, at the Tokyo Motor Show. But the same automaker showed it could go elegant, with the impressive Scion C-HR concept at the Los Angeles Auto Show last month.
Mercedes-Benz also wowed audiences with its Vision concept car, a super-sleek concept that could point the way to the design future.
With the North American International Auto Show in Detroit coming next month, and the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas just before it, more concept cars will be on the way in a hurry.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1OpWqLE
Image caption The main parade in Belfast began at about 1030 BST
Orange Grand Master Edward Stevenson has called on Protestants and Orangemen to engage with the Historical Enquiries Team in murder investigations.
He was speaking in Limavady about the legacy of the Troubles as Orangemen across Northern Ireland held their annual Twelfth of July celebrations.
The Protestant Orange Order took part in demonstrations at 18 venues.
Mr Stevenson spoke at the parade in Limavady. The marches commemorate the Battle of the Boyne in 1690.
This was when Prince William of Orange claimed victory over Catholic King James II.
The principal venues for the 2011 parades were Randalstown, Aghalee, Cullybackey, Ballymena, Broughshane, Ballycastle, Killylea, Barnetts Demesne, Rathfriland, Ballymartin, Holywood, Comber, Lisnaskea, Ballyronan, Limavady, Stewartstown, Sixmilecross and Clogher.
The Twelfth of July is a bank holiday in Northern Ireland.
It is the annual high point of the loyal orders' parading calendar.
Some marches have been a source of tension between nationalists who see the parades as triumphalist and intimidating, and Orangemen who believe it is their right to walk on public roads.
In recent years, the order has made efforts to rebrand the day as "Orangefest," with some believing the event has the potential to become a major tourist attraction.
Florida will defy a federal warning to stop purging people the state suspects aren't U.S. citizens from voter registration rolls.
Despite a Justice Department letter, objections from county elections officials and evidence that a disproportionate number are voters of color, Florida Secretary of State Ken Detzner's office planned to continue scrubbing the election rolls, a spokesman said Friday. Gov. Rick Scott (R) ordered the search for potentially ineligible voters.
“We have an obligation to make sure the voter rolls are accurate and we are going to continue forward and do everything that we can legally do to make sure that ineligible voters cannot vote,” said Chris Cate, a spokesman for Detzner. “We are firmly committed to doing the right thing and preventing ineligible voters from being able to cast a ballot. We are not going to give up our efforts to make sure the voter rolls are accurate."
Justice Department officials declined to comment on Florida's plans.
In a letter issued late Thursday, T. Christian Herren Jr., who leads the Justice Department voting section, told Detzner that the state's plan to review the status of the 2,600 suspected non-citizens and purge them if the voters fail to prove citizenship appears to violate the 1964 Voting Rights Act and the National Voter Registration Act.
Detzner has said previously that his agency has identified 182,000 voters who were not citizens by comparing voter rolls and driver's license databases. The state's driver's license data contains some citizenship information. Beginning in April, Detzner asked county election officials statewide to contact 2,600 suspect voters by mail. The letters said those who failed to provide evidence of citizenship within 30 days would be purged. They also warned that casting a ballot when ineligible constitutes a felony.
"The Florida Secretary of State is being recalcitrant," said Judith Browne Dianis, co-director of The Advancement Project, a Washington-based voting rights advocacy group that last month asked the Justice Department to investigate. "He wants to move forward despite federal notice of illegality and supervisors of elections' refusal to purge voters. He should just quit it."
Florida is among a small number of states, mostly in the South, covered by Section V of the Voting Rights Act, a 1965 law that reinforces voting rights guaranteed in the Constitution. In five Florida counties and other states, election officials have a history of such of egregious and creative efforts to suppress black and Latino votes that any changes in voting–related policy or procedure must first be approved by the Justice Department or a panel of federal judges, Browne Dianis said.
Florida failed to get clearance for its purge or its methods to identify the people the state suspects are non-citizens.
Voting rights advocates have also pointed out the state motor vehicles database is an unreliable way to determine the citizenship of voters, because many people become citizens between license renewals.
Moreover, in an initial list of nearly 3,000 voters the state suspects are non-citizens, blacks and Latinos were disproportionately represented, a coalition of advocacy groups said in a statement Thursday. A Miami Herald analysis
found nearly 60 percent of the people on the list to be Latino. Hispanic voters constitute just 13 percent of the state's electorate, according to federal data.
The National Voter Registration Act requires states to make every effort to monitor and maintain clean and accurate voter rolls, Browne Dianis said. But the same law also says efforts must take place 90 days or more before a federal election begins. Florida voters are set to vote in a primary Aug. 14 that includes candidates seeking congressional seats -- meaning the state has missed the three-month deadline.
Florida interprets the laws governing voting differently, said Cate, the secretary of state's spokesman. And the state's efforts have already proven effective, he said. Cate pointed to Miami-Dade County, where warning letters were first mailed to suspect voters.
Miami-Dade County election officials issued 1,570 warning letters, said Christina White, the county chief deputy supervisor of elections. Of these, 13 people responded indicating they are not citizens and have been removed from the voter rolls. One of the voters cast one ballot in 1996. Another voted once in 2000 and again in 2004. Their names will be forwarded to the state's attorney's office for possible prosecution as required by law, White said.
However, Miami-Dade County will not purge other voters from the rolls because of the large number of citizens included on the state's suspect voter list. Nearly 450 voters who received warning letters provided proof of citizenship and another 35 have made plans to do so. About 1,000 voters have not responded, White said.
“The law says that the supervisor, only on a preponderance of evidence, should be removing people from the rolls,” said White. “We just didn't feel that we have the preponderance of evidence that the supervisor needs to make a call on someone's eligibility at this time that we haven't heard from.”
Election officials in other counties around the state -– both Democrats and Republicans -- have questioned the state's suspect voter list and have expressed indignation about the purge.
In Broward County, a 91-year-old World War II veteran was forced to provide proof of his citizenship in order to remain on the voter rolls. And in Seminole County, an election official tweeted a picture of himself with one man who received a warning letter. In the picture, the two men stood side by side, holding the suspect voter's U.S. passport.
On Friday, a lawyer with the Florida State Association of Supervisors of Elections issued a memo suggesting that all 67 counties stop the purge until the concerns raised by the Justice Department are addressed by the state or a court order. The association is a trade group for county election officials.
State election officials in Colorado and New Mexico, states with significant Latino populations, have also launched efforts to identify and purge suspected non-citizens from voter rolls. Justice Department officials declined to comment Friday on those efforts.
"We all benefit when [voter] list maintenance occurs within the bounds of federal law,” said Myrna Perez, senior council at New York University's Brennan Center for Justice. “Nobody benefits form inaccurate voter rolls. But it's also certainly the case that you have wildly different things happening not only from state to state, but sometimes from county to county.”
States should make their methods for identifying and purging voters known and give voters time to object or correct errors before an election, said Perez.
Sen. Ted Cruz is ready to rain on the parade of Texas citizens celebrating the Supreme Court decision on Friday to legalize same-sex marriage throughout the country.
On Saturday, the 2016 Republican presidential candidate said he “absolutely” believes that his state's country clerks should deny marriage licenses to same-sex couples if they have a religious objection, in an interview with The Texas Tribune.
“Ours is a country that was built by men and women fleeing religious oppression,” Cruz told the newspaper, “and you look at the foundation of this country — it was to seek out a new land where anyone of us could worship the Lord God Almighty with all of our hearts, minds and souls, without government getting in the way.”
RELATED: 2016 GOP hopefuls blast Supreme Court's Obamacare decision
Cruz is not the first Republican presidential candidate to openly support officials defying the Supreme Court's ruling.
Mike Huckabee said in a statement on Friday: “I will not acquiesce to an imperial court any more than our founders acquiesced to an imperial British monarch. We must resist and reject judicial tyranny, not retreat.” And Bobby Jindal went even further, suggesting that we may need to “get rid” of the Supreme Court in the wake of their decision.
Texas was quick to set in motion actions meant to undermine the ruling. Republican Gov. Greg Abbott issued an executive order to state agencies on Friday asking that they “prioritize compliance” with the state's “religious freedom” laws.
“The law protects religious liberty not only in houses of worship—but also in schools, in businesses, in the military, in public forums, and in the town square. These protections are afforded to all people, of all faiths,” Abbott wrote. “Yet in the wake of the Supreme Court's decision, the law's promise of religious liberty will be tested by some who seek to silence and marginalize those whose conscience will not allow them to participate in or endorse marriages that are incompatible with their religious beliefs.”
The state currently allows members of the clergy to refuse to perform marriage ceremonies for gays and lesbians if they have a religious objection.
Meanwhile, Cruz has been on a tear on the topic, telling a Fox News interviewer that the Supreme Court decisions this past week on the Affordable Care Act and same-sex marriage constituted “some of the darkest 24 hours in our nation's history.”
In his interview Saturday with The Texas Tribune, Cruz argued that “liberal intolerance” of his beliefs forced him to take his position on county clerks. “There's no right in society to force a Jewish rabbi to perform a Christian wedding ceremony,” Cruz told the paper. “There's no right in society to force a Muslim imam to perform a Jewish wedding ceremony.”
He stopped short of calling on his state's legislature to get involved, telling the paper: “The last thing they need is a federal officeholder sticking his nose into matters of state legislation.”
Screenshot: Freedom House
As much as we online journalists love reports that rank things, even we must sometimes resist the urge to blog about them, even "in one map." Because honestly, some countries are just going to either be really good or bad at various things for the foreseeable future. Just as the Central African Republic is not going to be the best country for women within our lifetime, you'll probably never see a Scandinavian nation on a "failed states" slideshow.
Freedom House's annual Freedom on the Net report is out, and like in most such reports, the actual rankings are largely unsurprising. Iceland, the frozen whistleblower nirvana, ranked first, and second was Estonia, the tiny Baltic country that gave us Skype. China, Cuba, and Iran came in last, obviously.
One thing that is a total grab bag, though, is the list of countries that had the largest declines in Internet freedom. Because although "free" and "not free" countries tend to stay that way, big jumps in their standings can be a sign of really significant and fascinating trends. Here are the explanations for the three of the biggest "losers," as it were: India, Brazil, and the United States.
India
Along with stepping up surveillance, last year Indian authorities arrested at least 11 people for doing things like tagging and liking social media posts within closed groups.
Some U.S. military personnel or their families stationed in South Korea received fake messages claiming they had to evacuate immediately, military officials confirmed.
The hoax was sent out Thursday to mobile phones and Facebook accounts of multiple U.S. servicemembers or their families. The message said an order for a noncombatant evacuation operation (NEO) has been issued.
“On Thursday, 21 September 2017, multiple reports indicated a fake NEO alert had been issued to multiple servicemembers and spouses in the Republic of Korea,” read a message posted Thursday on the 8th Army's Facebook page.
The official page of U.S. Forces Korea also confirmed the notice, writing on Facebook: “We received multiple reports of a fake text-to-cell and social media message regarding a ‘real world noncombatant evacuation operation (NEO) order issued' which instructed DoD family members and non-emergency essential DoD civilians on the Korean peninsula that an evacuation order had been issued.”
A noncombatant evacuation operation (NEO) would affect the family members of the 28,500 U.S. servicemembers stationed in the Korean Peninsula and other non-emergency employees of the Defense Department, Stars and Stripes reported.
The military performs biannual evacuation drills, but none have been issued since the end of the Korean War more than 60 years ago.
The army's military message emphasized that it did not issue any evacuation orders, writing “USFK did NOT issue this message” and urged personnel and their family members to exercise vigilance.
“Do not accept information from unconfirmed sources,” the Army wrote. “Do not click any links or open any attachments included in unexpected correspondence.”
USFK spokesman Chad Carroll told Stars and Stripes that the false alerts were reported within an hour and only a “handful of servicemembers and families” received them. The fake messages are being investigated by cyber personnel.
“We have no accurate way to know how many people received it,” Carroll said. “Incidents were ‘self-reported' and many people claimed the message disappeared as soon as they unlocked their phone.”
“The good news here is: informed, savvy family members plus an engaged chain of command means no panic or over-reaction,” adding that they “had no reports of anyone acting on message other than notifying the appropriate authorities.”
The hoax comes in the wake of increased tension between in the region as North Korea continues to escalate by showcasing its progress in the nuclear weapons program.
The North Korean regime has conducted at least three nuclear tests since last year and has fired multiple missiles, including two that flew over Japan.
President Donald Trump said Tuesday that he would “totally destroy” the rogue country led by “Rocket Man” Kim Jong-un if the U.S. is forced to defend its allies or itself.
In response, the North Korean leader said Trump was “deranged” and would ultimately regret issuing the threat.
Fresh off her six-year run on CBS' Criminal Minds, Paget Brewster is staying in law enforcement mode with a juicy role in the Season 14 premiere of NBC's Law & Order: SVU — which, it so happens, will air opposite Criminal Minds‘ own season opener. Fancy that.
RELATED | NBC Sets Fall Premieres, Including Summer Debuts and Late Start For Community
Brewster will guest-star on SVU‘s two-hour “premiere event,” airing Wednesday, Sept. 26, from 9 to 11 pm EST, as the head of the District Attorney's Office's Public Integrity Unit, where she is given the task of handling the case against Captain Cragen (played Dann Florek), who, give the events of the shocking Season 13 finale, is under suspicion of murder.
RELATED | CBS' Fall TV Plan Leads Off With Survivor 25, Ends With Relocated Mentalist
Brewster announced her decision to exit Criminal Minds and the role of Emily Prentiss back in February, and last aired in the CBS crime drama's Season 7 finale. Criminal Minds‘ Season 8 premiere airs Wednesday, Sept. 26, at 9 pm.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (WHTM) - Pennsylvania state senators have approved legislation to legalize medical marijuana.
Senate Bill 3 was sent to the state House on Tuesday by a vote of 40-7.
The bill would allow doctors to prescribe medical marijuana for 15 medical conditions including cancer, epilepsy and seizures, ALS, Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, post-traumatic stress disorder, HIV/AIDS, and glaucoma.
Amendments approved before the final Senate vote added three qualifying medical conditions: chronic or intractable pain, diabetes, and Crohn's disease.
Patients with a prescription could obtain medical marijuana in oils, pills and gels and mix prescribed medical cannabis into their foods, but edible cannabis products could not be sold.
An amendment Tuesday also allows for vaporization, where marijuana is heated to form a vapor , to be prescribed for cancer, post-traumatic stress, and seizures.
The bill also allows for cannabis ointments, tinctures and nebulizers; where mist inhaled into the lungs.
Smoking marijuana wouldn't be allowed.
A State Board of Medical Cannabis Licensing established under the Department of State would provide regulatory oversight and licensing.
Governor Tom Wolf has said he would sign a medical marijuana bill if it reaches his desk, but its future is uncertain in the House.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Silvio Berlusconi said PM Monti's policies had harmed Italy
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has confirmed he will run for the office again next year.
Mr Berlusconi told reporters in Milan that he was "running to win", and that the decision came after his People of Freedom (PDL) party failed to find a leader who was as well known as him.
Mr Berlusconi said PM Mario Monti's austerity policies had harmed Italy.
Mr Monti announced he intended to resign, because the PDL had withdrawn its parliamentary support.
He would confirm his resignation after determining if it would be possible for parliament to pass a budget for next year, a statement from President Giorgio Napolitano said.
Mr Berlusconi, 76, resigned in November 2011 over Italy's economic troubles.
He was convicted of tax fraud in October, though he is appealing against that ruling.
Mr Berlusconi is also on trial accused of paying for sex with an underage prostitute in the so-called "Ruby" case. He denies wrongdoing.
He has already served as Italy's prime minister for three separate terms and built up what is believed to be a vast personal fortune from his business empire.
Fear of judiciary
Mr Berlusconi told reporters in Milan that everyone in his party had agreed that the PDL needed a leader "like Berlusconi in 1994" but "there wasn't one".
"It's not that we did not look... but one needs time to be imposed as leader," the former prime minister said.
He said he was entering the race because polls put the centre-right PDL behind the Italian left.
The PDL abstained from confidence votes in parliament on Thursday, which the government won.
Mr Monti replaced Mr Berlusconi as prime minister just over a year ago, and launched a programme of reforms aimed at pulling Italy out of economic crisis.
Mr Berlusconi said his party had given "proof of great responsibility and had supported [Mr Monti's] technocrat government for a year, seeking to correct policies that are not convincing, whilst insisting that austerity in an economy that does not grow is harmful. And harm has been done".
The former leader said he had not missed the office of prime minister "not even for a minute" and he was returning out of a "sense of responsibility".
Referring to his confrontation with the Italian judiciary, Mr Berlusconi said he saw it with "a great sense of fear because we have to do with an omnipotent judiciary".
President Donald Trump continued criticizing London mayor Sadiq Khan on Monday, who told citizens that there was “no reason to be alarmed” by the increased police presence in the city after the terrorist attacks on Saturday.
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his “no reason to be alarmed” statement,” Trump wrote on Monday. “MSM is working hard to sell it!”
After the London Bridge attack, Trump criticized the mayor of London for his comment.
“At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is “no reason to be alarmed!” he wrote on Twitter.
Trump's remark was likely in response to the mayor's criticism of him during the presidential campaign.
“Trump's ignorant view of Islam could make both our countries less safe,” Kahn wrote in May 2016. “It risks alienating mainstream Muslims. London has proved him wrong.”
As establishment media raged against Trump's message to the mayor, former failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton shared support for Kahn after the president's remarks.
“After acts of unspeakable cruelty & cowardice, the people of London & the UK choose resolve over fear. Your friends in the US stand w/ you,” Clinton wrote on Twitter in a message to the London mayor.
The Taoiseach in the Dáil this morning
The Taoiseach in the Dáil this morning
THERE WERE TENSE and angry exchanges in the Dáil this morning as Taoiseach Enda Kenny fielded questions on Budget cuts that impacted the elderly and young people.
Kenny insisted that the measures announced yesterday have ensured that the elderly have been protected “in a number of ways”.
However Fianna Fail leader Micheál Martin said that the abolition of the telephone allowance, the withdrawal of 35,000 medical cards from people over 70, and the abolition of the bereavement grant, among other things, amount to a “savage attack and targeting of older people”.
“What did the older people of Ireland ever do to you to deserve this kind of treatment?” Martin asked the Taoiseach.
On the proposal to clawback €113 million in medical cards savings, Kenny insisted that there has been no change in the criteria for medical cards, but said that some cards are redundant “in the sense that people's incomes have changed”.
Kenny told Martin: “It's important to check those [medical card] lists are accurate and to see how many cards that have been issued are still viable.”
Accusing Martin of “opportunistic blather” Kenny insisted that core social welfare rates have been maintained and claimed that Fianna Fail's four-year-plan when it was in government “intended to cut €1.5 billion from social services”.
Dole cut
Sinn Féin's Mary Lou McDonald and independent TD Stephen Donnelly both raised the cut in dole payments to young unemployed people. McDonald said that the government had decided that “the youth of Ireland carry the can”.
“Emigration is now the official policy for young people coming from this government,” she told the Taoiseach.
Kenny responded angrily saying that 65 per cent of people on the JobBridge scheme go onto employment and slammed McDonald, saying: “If you think that's a mickey mouse operation then go and speak to those people.”
Donnelly said that the Tánaiste Eamon Gilmore had engaged in “double speak worthy of George Orwell” when he said that the changes were not a cut but were “extending the lower rates to young people”.
He claimed it is “a human rights issue” akin to cutting welfare for women or people of a different race.
Kenny responded that the opposition parties wanted to “confine” young people “to the dole queues for the rest of their lives”.
He added: “This country always beat adversity by being practical about working our way out of it.”
As it happened: Noonan and Howlin answer questions about Budget 2014
NBC Sports' coverage of Saturday's Kentucky Derby drew 16.2 million viewers, making it the second most-watched Kentucky Derby since 1989. The viewership for the race is up nine percent from last year's Derby (14.8 million), and up 12 percent from the Derby in 2011 (14.5 million), according to official national data provided today by The Nielsen Company.
Utilizing NBC Sports' 'Big Event Strategy,' three of the last five Kentucky Derby races have recorded at least 16 million viewers.
Saturday's race (6:05-6:53 p.m. ET), won by Orb, is the second most-watched Kentucky Derby dating back to 1989 (18.5 million on ABC), only surpassed by the 2010 Derby won by Super Saver (16.5 million).
The household rating of 9.7/21 is the best since 2010 (9.8/23), and tied 2009 as the second highest-rated Derby since 1992 (10.3/30 on ABC).
The 9.7/21 rating is up eight percent from last year's race (9.0/20) and up 14 percent from 2011 (8.5/19).
The pre-race on NBC (5-6:05 p.m. ET) drew 9.1 million viewers, an increase of 12 percent from last year (8.1 million) and is the second-best pre-race viewership dating back to 1992.
NBC Sports Network's five-hour pre-race show (11 a.m. – 4 p.m. ET) drew 500k viewers, up 19 percent from last year (421k).
MORE PEOPLE WATCH THE DERBY ON NBC: NBC Sports' coverage of the Kentucky Derby over the last 13 races averages more than 2 million more viewers than the previous 12 Kentucky Derby broadcasts on ABC (14.3 million vs.12.0 million, up 19 percent). NBC's average viewership of 14.3 million over the last 13 Kentucky Derby broadcasts is more than six million more than the last six years that ABC aired the Derby (1995-2000).
KENTUCKY DERBY CONTINUES TO BE A HIT WITH FEMALE VIEWERS: The Kentucky Derby once again proved to be very popular with female viewers. In fact, 52 percent of Derby viewers were women, making it the only annual sporting event that draws more female viewers than male viewers.
KENTUCKY DERBY VIEWERSHIP
2013 16.2 million NBC Orb
2012 14.8 million NBC I'll Have Another
2011 14.5 million NBC Animal Kingom
2010 16.5 million NBC Super Saver
2009 16.1 million NBC Mine That Bird
2008 14.2 million NBC Big Brown
2007 13.7 million NBC Street Sense
2006 12.9 million NBC Barbaro
2005 13.6 million NBC Giacomo
2004 14.6 million NBC Smarty Jones
2003 11.8 million NBC Funny Cide
2002 12.8 million NBC War Emblem
2001 13.5 million NBC Monarchos
2000 9.1 million ABC Fusaichi Pegasus
1999 9.9 million ABC Charismatic
1998 9.5 million ABC Real Quiet
1997 11.3 million ABC Silver Charm
1996 11.0 million ABC Grindestone
1995 9.3 million ABC Thunder Gulch
1994 12.1 million ABC Go For Gin
1993 11.5 million ABC Sea Hero
1992 13.7 million ABC Lil E Tee
1991 13.4 million ABC Strike The Gold
1990 15.6 million ABC Unbridled
1989 18.5 million ABC Sunday Silence
New to the Paulick Report? Click here to sign up for our daily email newsletter to keep up on this and other stories happening in the Thoroughbred industry.
Copyright © 2019 Paulick Report.
Sexual violence, hazing, drugs, recruitment, racism, bullying: Many sisters told me that their sororities have swept these issues under the rug, writes Alexandra Robbins. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
The order for sorority sisters at the University of Virginia to stay home this weekend and avoid fraternity bid night parties was a boneheaded move by national sorority officers, to say the least. “This policy promotes a culture that reduces women to objects of sexual pleasure, only useful as subjects of the male gaze and desire,” wrote one U-Va. junior. The Washington Post's Petula Dvorak suggested that the mandate effectively blamed sorority sisters for the high number of sexual assaults on college campuses.
No, the sisters are not to blame. But the national sororities' decision to lock them in a tower rather than empower them to face the world reveals more about sororities' flaws than fraternities' dangers. In truth, historically white national sorority officers, with their tendencies to hush-hush controversial incidents and to center so much of sorority social life around fraternities, may themselves be partly, indirectly at fault.
This combination leads to a culture that can have ridiculously skewed values. In 2013, Florida International University suspended the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity after brothers posted on Facebook “creep shots” of naked sorority sisters and called them names. (The Facebook page also included posts about members' drug dealing and hazing.) When a sister suggested that her sorority sisters – some of whom were featured in the creep shots – stop associating with the fraternity, the women defended the brothers. “In spite of how they treated our sisters and seeing the screenshots, just because they wanted to make sure they were still liked by the popular frat on campus, they defended the men and harassed me for speaking up. Our chapter president said in the chapter meeting, ‘Well, who hasn't been called a slut before?' as if this were okay,” the sister told me. “There are too many women like me that go through so much with Greek organizations and are coerced into silence.” (Indeed, many sisters and alumnae were willing to speak to a reporter only if they were not named, because they feared repercussions from their sorority simply for voicing their concerns.)
Sexual violence, hazing, drugs, recruitment, racism, bullying: Many sisters told me that their sororities have swept these issues under the rug, insisting that the public – and, in some cases, the university – shouldn't know about them. Sorority leaders declare they can deal with their issues internally. But they've had decades to try, and the same issues recur year after year, as I learned when reporting my book “Pledged: The Secret Life of Sororities.” They largely refuse to have the sort of conversations that would prevent similar episodes from happening again.
The National Institute for Justice has reported that sorority membership is one of the most common factors that increase sexual assault risk. Similarly, a 2014 study at the University of Oregon found that sorority sisters there are much more likely than non-Greek women to have been raped or victims of nonconsensual sexual contact. About 40 percent of sorority sisters surveyed reported they had been subjected to rape or attempted rape and 48 percent reported that they experienced nonconsensual sexual contact, at what the study author called “an alarmingly high rate,” according to the Register-Guard newspaper. The co-chair of the UO task force evaluating sexual violence policies concluded that “fraternities are dangerous places for women.” (The school nevertheless plans to expand Greek life substantially.)
Misguided, outdated sorority policies, perpetuated by national headquarters that are resistant to change, may be contributing to the increased risk. Sisters at various schools have told me they were pressured by their sorority to attend fraternity events, which have in the past included parties with advertised themes like “Housewives and Hired Help,” “Millionaires and Trophy Wives,” “Secs and Execs,” or “Tennis Pros and Country Club Hoes.” Some women said they faced sanctions or even fines if they refused to go to fraternity events. A former Georgia State University sorority sister – who said she was fined approximately $25 for each fraternity party she missed – said that her chapter emphasized that sisters speak with a quota of fraternity members at these events.
Too much of sorority life revolves around the girls' status among the fraternities. On many campuses, Greek systems follow longtime traditions of sororities pairing with fraternities for Homecoming, Greek Week and other activities. The escorts are determined by votes; the votes are often swayed by the groups' social rank. “I once heard a sorority woman say that she had to vote for a particular fraternity because if she voted for the lower-ranking fraternity, ‘a good frat will never ask us to Homecoming again,'” College of William and Mary sorority sister Gina Sawaya wrote in the student newspaper in October.
On the flip side, at some campuses, fraternities place bids on the sororities. “Of course the sororities want the best frat, which means the hottest guys. So they try to make themselves look good at their parties,” a recent University of Florida sorority alum told me. And some sororities expect their chapters to socialize with only certain fraternities, and even to dress a certain way when going out with the brothers. A 2013 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign graduate said, “We were encouraged to socialize with fraternities that we had football block with. Showing preference to another fraternity over our block match was considered an insult.”
As a result, Greek life puts a dangerous emphasis on coupling with fraternity brothers and encourages arbitrary, antiquated double standards. A young Southern sorority alum lamented an incident in which someone took a photo of a sorority sister and a fraternity brother having sex in a fraternity bathroom. When the photo spread to other students, the sister was kicked out of her sorority, while the brother was applauded at dinner. One national sorority rulebook warns, “Any promiscuous behavior on the part of a member or new member will result in National Probation or termination of her pledge” without defining what “promiscuous behavior” means.
Where are sororities' priorities? And how does the emphasis on fraternities shape a sorority chapter's values? When a University of Alabama sorority chapter discussed admitting a black girl in 2013, some sisters opposed admitting her because they were afraid that fraternities would no longer want to party with them, as Marie Claire reported last year.
The same national sororities whose very culture is reliant on socializing with fraternities are now saying, on one campus, for one night, the sisters aren't allowed to socialize with them. The solution isn't to hide the girls away. (And it's not, as The New York Times opined last week, to move the parties to sorority houses.) The solution is to change the nature of these all-women organizations so that they are about women – and so that they don't repeatedly send girls into the arms of fraternity brothers in the first place.
Russ Doty (Photo: Courtesy photo)
Organizers have begun seeking signatures for a ballot initiative requiring investor-owned utilities in Montana to incrementally supply more renewable energy — 80 percent in three decades — to reduce carbon emissions blamed for warming temperatures.
Russell Doty, the chief organizer, acknowledges that the 80 percent target is ambitious. He was in Great Falls on Tuesday where he met with several volunteers to organize the signature-gathering effort. A gradual implementation of the requirement makes it doable, Doty says.
“It's not unrealistic. It's absolutely necessary,” Doty said. “Climate scientists have been telling us for years we need to cut down on CO 2 — 97 percent of them.”
Steve Running, professor of ecology at the University of Montana and the author of a chapter in a report by the 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, is an adviser to MTCARES, the not-for-profit formed last fall to promote the ballot initiative, Doty said.
CARES stands for Community Affordable Renewable Energy Saves.
Doty, a Great Falls native who now lives in Greeley, Colo., is the main organizer behind the effort. He worked as general counsel for the Montana Public Service Commission in the 1970s. He is the author of “Poles Apart” on Montana utility regulation.
The initiative will appear on the November general election ballot if 24,175 people sign a petition in support of Initiative-180. MTCARES was given permission to begin gathering signatures two weeks ago after the language was certified by the Montana Attorney General and Secretary of State.
“I can tell you we have a number of people starting to gather signatures in a number of major cities,” Doty said. “If they live up to their goals, there's a good chance this will be on the ballot.”
Montana's current renewable portfolio standard, enacted in 2005, requires public utilities and competitive electricity suppliers more than 50 customers to obtain 15 percent of their retail electricity sales from renewable resources.
I-180 would bump the renewable requirement to 19 percent by 2018, followed by increments that would total 50 percent by 2030 and 80 percent 2050.
It would not hold rural electric cooperatives to the same standard, but it would require them to conduct elections to decide whether they should adopt the mandate.
Anticipating closure of coal mines, I-180 also would levy taxes on each kilowatt of electricity produced to fund worker retraining programs and pension safety nets, and to offset reductions in tax revenue from the coal severance tax.
The gradual increase over 33 years would allow utilities to plan and depreciate their fossil-fuel generating assets, thus avoiding stranded costs, Doty said. Stranded costs are the costs of facilities still being paid for in the rate base but no longer producing electricity, Doty said. It also will allow fossil fuel forces to be downsized gradually.
The ballot initiative says 437 coal-related jobs would be lost over the 33 years as a result of the requirements.
One reason I-180 calls for the 50 percent renewable target by 2030 was so it would accomplish what the federal Clean Power Plan would require, Doty said. That plan requires Montana to reduce carbon emissions by 47 percent by 2030. Even though the Supreme Court put the Obama administration's on hold in a decision handed down earlier this week, the world still wants climate change addressed, said Doty, referring to the 196 countries that agreed in December to goals limiting the rise in world's average temperature.
Doty says he's taking on the ballot initiative because nobody is proposing steps recommended by climate scientists, Doty said. There also are 21 states now that have renewable requirements of more than 15 percent. If the state is going to export power it needs to be the type of power the market demands, he said.
“A lot of places around the country are requiring more green electrons,” Doty said.
For more information
Visit mtcares.org
Read or Share this story: http://gftrib.com/1Tdp040
Image caption Nike says it will set up a task force to address grievances and offer training at the plant
Sportswear group Nike has agreed compensation in a dispute with workers in Indonesia over unpaid overtime.
Its Indonesian subsidiary will pay $1m (£650,000) to about 4,500 workers at a PT Nikomas plant in Serang, Banten.
The workers union that brought the case to Nike said in a statement that 593,468 hours of overtime went unpaid over the last two years.
The union said it hopes this will set a precedent for factories across the country.
"This has the potential to send shock waves through the Indonesian labour movement," said Bambang Wirahyoso, the national chairman of the Serikat Pekerja National (SPN) trade union.
"The leadership at SPN is gearing up to take on the fight for any workers who have been subjected to forced overtime without pay. We have only just begun."
Short-changed?
The settlement comes after 11 months of negotiations between Nike and the union.
Nike said in a statement: "Nike commends the factory on their action plan and efforts to correct inadequacies in current policies designed to protect the rights of workers. Nike will continue to monitor and support their efforts to remediate the situation."
The symbolism of this compensation will go a long way towards making workers here feel like they have won a significant victory
The company also said it would offer training programs, and set up a task force to address grievances.
However, despite the settlement, the issue is likely to remain a contentious one between the two parties.
SPN said that while it was pleased with the result, the workers were owed much more.
"The practise of forcing workers to do overtime without pay was actually happening for 18 years at Nikomas, but Indonesian law only allows redress for the past two years," SPN said in a statement.
'Significant victory'
The BBC's Jakarta correspondent, Karishma Vaswani, said that while the money being paid was not substantial, "the symbolism of this compensation will go a long way towards making workers here feel like they have won a significant victory".
She added that even though the case was settled out of court, it was likely to make other international companies operating in Indonesia take note.
"The fact that Nike's Indonesia factory has opted to hand over these million dollars and an apparent admission of some wrong doing at their Indonesia plant, may serve as a warning to other companies here be a bit more mindful of what happens at their Indonesia subsidiary," she told the BBC's Asia Business Report.
The unions have said they are planning to take action against other multinational firms such as Adidas and Puma.
Ravel Morrison may have been cast into the shadows by West Ham but he's found a way to fill his free time while on loan at Cardiff.
The controversial former Manchester United youngster posted a snap on Instagram as he did his French homework.
Attacking midfielder Morrison has found his feet back in the Championship with the South Wales club after failing to break into Sam Allardyce's set-up at Upton Park.
Ravel Morrison has been learning French when he hasn't been on the pitch for on-loan side Cardiff
Morrison advances with the ball for Cardiff in a narrow away defeat against Blackpool earlier this month
The 21-year-old is no stranger to the Championship after impressing during a loan spell at QPR last season, notching six goals as Rangers sealed promotion to the Premier League.
Former Hammers boss Harry Redknapp believes Morrison is one of the most talented players he's seen, but has issues with his attitude.
In his new book A Man Walks On To a Pitch, serialised in Sportsmail, Redknapp said of Morrison's loan spell at Loftus Road: 'There was one game last season when we'd lost confidence and were losing. I asked him to change his position, to play on the left. His face fell into a petulant pout.
The 21-year-old looks to go on the attack during QPR's home clash with Blackpool last season
Morrison has the ball at his feet during his current loan spell with Cardiff and during a rare appearance for West Ham earlier this season
'I pulled him away from the rest, took him outside and explained as patiently as the time allowed. "Ravel, we are losing the f****** game," I said. "I just want you to play there and do a job for the team. We have to win the game. It's not about you, OK? It's about the team. People look at your face in there when I've asked you to do something, and they will all go away and think you are a big-headed b******, because your attitude stinks. That's what people say about you".
'Second half he was absolutely different class. He ran the game, everything good we did came from him and we were all watching it thinking, "What a talent".
'You looked at that performance and thought he could get us promoted on his own if he put his mind to it. It was like watching a player with Gareth Bale's class in the Championship.'
West Ham co-owner David Sullivan says time is running out for Morrison if he wants a future at Upton Park
In a recent Q&A with the Evening Standard, West Ham co-owner David Sullivan echoed Redknapp's thoughts on the maverick playmaker, admitting time is running out for Morrison if he wants to forge a long-term future for himself at Upton Park.
He said: 'The biggest disappointment is Ravel is such a talented individual.
'Thousands of kids would give anything to have his ability. Maybe the penny will drop eventually but his contract is up next summer.
This article was written by our shiny new contributor Brendan Mackie.
François-Marie Arouet knew how to get into trouble. After a very public scuffle with a nobleman nearly ended in a duel, the young playwright was exiled from Paris, the city where his plays were only just coming into fashion. He lived in dreary England for two whole years before slinking back to France, where he lived in the house of a pharmacist. There he experimented with various potions and poultices, but nothing would cure the vague sense of impotence and dread that dogged him.
Finally in 1729 the gates of Paris were opened to Arouet again, but he was still ill-at-ease. At a dinner party held by the chemist Charles du Fay, Arouet, better known by his pen-name Voltaire, found the cure he had been looking for. He met a brilliant mathematician called Charles Marie De La Condamine, who promised a panacea better than any Voltaire had found at his pharmacist.
It wasn't medicine—it was money. Condamine had a plan that would make both him and Voltaire more money than he could ever scratch together by writing plays or poems, enough money to allow Voltaire to never have to worry about money again. He would be free to live how he wanted and write what he wanted. The plan was simple. Condamine planned to outsmart luck herself. He was going to arrange to win the lottery.
At the time the French crown secured much of its revenue by issuing government bonds. In 1727, in order to save money, the state cut the bonds' interest rate. The market value of these bonds plummeted, and the market became wary of French credit. The French state was left without an easy way of raising money.
A Deputy Finance Minister named Le Pelletier-Desforts had a great idea that would let the state drive up the prices of the bad bonds and so restore faith in the government's finances. In his scheme owners of bad bonds could buy a lottery ticket. If your ticket won, you would win back the face value of your original bond—plus an extra jackpot of 500,000 livres. This was a lot of money. While no comparison to modern-day currency is possible, an annual income of only 30,000 livres would make a person very, very rich. 500,000 livres was enough to make a person rich for the rest of their lives.
French citizens were allowed to buy a ticket for every bond they owned at 1/1000th of the bond's value. A ticket for a 1,000 livre bond cost one livre, while a ticket for a 10,000 livre bond cost ten livres. But both tickets had equal chances of winning the 500,000 livre jackpots. Condamine realized that a group of people could buy up a lot of cut-price bonds, split them into tiny parcels of 1,000 livres, buy up cheap lottery tickets, and thus easily win the huge jackpot.
An 18th century five-livre note
Voltaire and Condamine started a syndicate to do just that. But once they got the people, the money and the bonds together, they faced a final problem. Lottery tickets were issued only from a very small number of notaries, and the notary issuing stacks of lottery tickets to shifty young Voltaire would almost certainly guess what was going on, and give the syndicate away before any money could be won. Voltaire had to develop an ‘understanding' with a notary before the plan could proceed. Once this was done, the young men were ready to get rich.
Every month Voltaire would go to the Châtelet to visit his notary, and walk away with reams of tickets. By tradition people inscribed the backs of their tickets with good-luck phrases. Voltaire's were mocking. “Here's to the good idea of M.L.C. [Marie De La Condamine]!” “Long live M. Pelletier-Desforts!” He signed them with a series of assumed names, getting increasingly more absurd as the scheme went on. Every month on the 8th when the tickets were drawn, the syndicate would be about a million livres richer, according to Voltaire's later estimate.
The authorities noticed that the names on the backs of the winning tickets were suspiciously similar and this led Le Pelletier-Desforts to discover the syndicate. The Deputy Finance Minister brought the syndicate to court, but in the meantime every 8th of the month the lottery was drawn again, making the syndicate just a little bit richer. Eventually, the royal council ruled in the syndicate's favor, letting them keep their absurd riches, though the lottery was shut down. France surrendered, and Le Pelletier-Desforts lost his job.
Voltaire himself probably won around half a million livres—a large fortune, which he then made even larger in a series of canny investments. Soon Voltaire was a very rich man, rich enough to become a moneylender to the powerful and famous, rich enough that he no longer had to stake his financial well-being on that most unreliable and detestable profession—writing.
Charles Marie De La Condamine used his winnings to good effect as well. Three years after the bonanza he travelled to Ecuador as part of an expedition to discover the true shape of the earth, proving that the earth is not a perfect sphere but is instead squished a little bit around the poles. He became the first scientist ever to travel down the Amazon river, advocated smallpox inoculation back in France, brought rubber to Europe, and helped define how long a meter is—as well as finding time to publish numerous popular books and to promote the use of quinine as a cure for malaria, thus easing the suffering of millions of malaria-infected people for hundreds of years and providing the tonic water for our gin and tonics.
King Frederick the Great
Voltaire spent the rest of his life causing trouble. He befriended King Frederick the Great, wrote one of the first science-fiction stories in history called Micromegas, had an argument with King Frederick the Great, was arrested, fled to Paris, was banned from Paris, and so settled in Geneva where he spent time entertaining the most interesting minds of the time, including Casanova, Adam Smith and Edward Gibbon. He wrote articles highly critical of Christian dogma when impiety could get a man killed, and championed human rights before there was even a word for human rights, and the whole time he did this he kept Europe entertained. On his deathbed, one story goes, a priest asked him if he would renounce Satan and all his works. “Now is not the time for making any new enemies,” Voltaire quipped.
But life would have been very different for Voltaire if he had not been rich. Without a fortune, Voltaire would have been forced to court the good favor of princes and kings, instead of infuriating them. Without a fortune, Voltaire would have had to write for the public, relying on book royalties and theater receipts, instead of writing what he really thought. If he wasn't rich, Voltaire may not have been so brave, and if he hadn't been brave, he would not have been Voltaire.
Today Voltaire stands in the popular imagination as something like a one-man Enlightenment. His book Candide is one of the most-studied books in all French literature. But he only reached the heights of literature because he dared to challenge luck itself.
Sexist comments. Failed business ventures. Caustic rhetoric. Unseemly business dealings.
For months, Republican opponents of Donald J. Trump hit him on myriad issues, to no avail. Now, the “super PAC” supporting Hillary Clinton's campaign, Priorities USA, is picking up where Republicans left off, with two broadcast ads focusing on Mr. Trump's remarks about women and a new online ad mocking his business exploits.
THE AD Over and over, Mr. Trump is interrupted in mid-sales pitch — for Trump Airlines, Trump University, Trump Steaks, and so on — with a red rubber stamp declaring “Scam,” “Failed” or “Fraud.” The bottom line: Far from the business genius he purports to be, Mr. Trump is no better than a “con man.”
THE IMPACT His detractors are of two minds about negative ads attacking Mr. Trump: Some believe his victory in the Republican primaries shows that they did not work; others say his exceptionally high unfavorable ratings show that they did. Operatives at Priorities USA say that many voters did not pay much attention to ads during the primary campaign — so expect to see a lot more.
Changing channels ...
Two Can Play
Even as Democrats have begun attacking Republican congressional candidates by linking them to their presumptive presidential nominee, the National Republican Senatorial Committee released a brutal new digital ad tying Democratic candidates to Hillary Clinton.
Your Honor, I rise again in defense of President Barack Obama's policy on Syria.
Obama has been right in his ambivalence about getting deeply involved in Syria. But he's never had the courage of his own ambivalence to spell out his reasoning to the American people. He keeps letting himself get pummeled into doing and saying things that his gut tells him won't work, so he gets the worst of all worlds: His rhetoric exceeds the policy, and the policy doesn't work.
Meanwhile, Obama's Republican critics totally lack the wisdom of our own experience. They blithely advocate “fire, ready, aim” in Syria without any reason to believe their approach will work there any better than it did for us in Iraq or Libya. People who don't know how to fix inner-city Baltimore think they know how to rescue downtown Aleppo — from the air!
Personally, I'll take the leader who lacks the courage of his own ambivalence over the critics who lack the wisdom of their own experience. But ambivalence is not a license to do nothing. We can do things that make a difference, but only if we look at our enemies and allies in Syria with clear eyes.
For instance, today's reigning cliché is that the wily fox, President Vladimir Putin of Russia, has once again outmaneuvered the flat-footed Americans, by deploying some troops, planes and tanks to Syria to buttress the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and to fight the Islamic State forces threatening him. If only we had a president who was so daring, so tough, so smart.
Mushrooms
Did you know that Button, Cup and Flat mushrooms are all the same variety, just at different stages of development?
Cairns Mushrooms specialises in the production of White Mushrooms (Agaricus bisporus) and supplies them in their Button, Cup and Flat form.
Buttons
Button mushrooms are classified as being fully closed mushrooms of any size. Sometimes called champignons, Button Mushrooms have a delicate flavour and can be eaten raw (in salads), or cooked and added to any BBQ or pasta and stir-fry dish.
Cups
Cup Mushrooms come in any size: they are classified as a ‘Cup' when the ‘veil', or mushroom underside, breaks away from the stem and has up to 50% gill show. Cups are richer in colour and taste than Buttons and are wonderful grilled on their own, or added to sauces, pastas, soups, stir-frys and casseroles.
Flats
Flat Mushrooms have a 50% or greater gill show: they come in any size. These are the most mature and intensely flavoured mushrooms: they have a dense, meaty texture and their gills are darker than the Cups and Buttons. Flats can be used as a replacement for meat or bread in many dishes, or eaten on their own. Why not try pan-frying a flat mushroom topped with bacon, eggs, tomato and onion or herbs for breakfast; it's fantastic!
As well as being versatile, White Mushrooms are also very nutritious: click here for more information. For your convenience, we have also included some tips on choosing, caring and preparing your mushrooms: please see below.
Choosing good mushrooms
When buying Buttons, Cups or Flats, look for dry, firm, wrinkle-free skin. Healthy mushrooms should not have any wet, slimy spots. Fresh mushrooms should feel heavy for their size.
Caring for your mushrooms
To ensure your mushrooms stay fresh for longer, they should be stored in a brown paper bag on the bottom shelf of your fridge.
Preparing your mushrooms
Prior to cooking your mushrooms, we suggest wiping them over with a clean, damp paper towel, or give them a brush with a pastry brush to remove any visible dirt and trim any dry ends off. Your mushrooms are now ready to eat.
Two prominent Saudi Islamic scholars, Salman al-Odah and Awad al-Qarni, have been arrested, according to multiple unidentified sources and tweets by rights organisations, journalists and others, in what appears to be a crackdown on Islamists seen as critics of the kingdom's absolute rulers.
Prince Abdul Aziz Bin Fahd al-Saud, a son of former King Fahd, was also detained, according to some of the sources.
#SaudiArabia arrests Clerics Salman al-Ouda & Awad bin Mohammed Al-Qarni according to #Saudi opposition Twitter accounts. pic.twitter.com/NVmW2MBUyf — Zaid Benjamin (@zaidbenjamin) September 10, 2017
In all, about 20 people have been arrested in the past 24 hours, according to the sources.
Odah, an influential cleric who was imprisoned from 1994-99 for agitating for political change and who has 14 million followers on Twitter, was allegedly detained because of a tweet he sent supporting mediation to settle a bitter diplomatic row that began in June between Saudi Arabia and Qatar, according to Saudi human rights group AlQST.
Saudi Arabia, along with the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt accuse Qatar of supporting Islamist militants, a charge Doha denies.
Odah was arrested on Saturday night at his home by three members of the security apparatus following his tweet praying for Saudi and Qatar to make amends for the sake of their nations.
The tweet was sent in reference to a phone call made between the Qatari emir and the Saudi crown prince, which ended up sparking yet another row and led to Saudi suspending all talks. "May God harmonise between their hearts for the good of their people," Odah had written on Twitter.
HuffPost Arabic and Reuters also reported that al-Qarni, another prominent cleric with 2.2 million Twitter followers, had been detained.
The ruling al-Saud family has always regarded Islamist groups as the biggest internal threat to its rule over a country where appeals to religious sentiment can never be lightly dismissed and where Islamist militants have previously targeted the state.
A decade ago, it fought off an al-Qaeda campaign of attacks targeting officials and foreigners that killed hundreds. In the 1990s, the Sahwa (Awakening) movement inspired by the Muslim Brotherhood demanded political reforms that would have weakened the ruling family.
Reports of the arrests coincided with widespread speculation, dismissed by officials, that King Salman intends to abdicate in favour of Crown Prince Mohammed.
Senior Saudi cleric: Homosexuality should not be punished Read More »
Asked about the reasons for the arrests, a Saudi analyst speculated: "[To] crush the Muslim Brotherhood or scare others if their plan is for him [Crown Prince Mohammed] to be king."
Exiled Saudi opposition activists have called for protests on 15 September intended to galvanise opposition to the royal family.
Odah has also attracted government attention by publicly stating that homosexuality should not be criminally punished.
Homosexuality has long been a controversial topic in much of the Muslim world, and LGBT people still face the death penalty in Saudi Arabia.
During a visit to Sweden to visit Syrian refugees, he said: “Even though homosexuality is considered a sin in all the Semitic holy books, it does not require any punishment in this world."
In a 2016 interview with the Swedish Sydsvenskan newspaper, he added: "One of the fundamentals of Islam is man's freedom to act as he wants.
"By condemning homosexuals to death they are committing a graver sin than homosexuality itself,” Odah said.
Odah was previously viewed as a conservative and was even cited by Osama bin Laden as an authority in the early 1990s, though Odah later publicly rebuked him for his violent activities.
Arrests among writers, scholars and royal family members in #Saudi while rumors talk about announcing MBS as a king any time — Qutaiba (@Qattouby) September 10, 2017
The BBC has described Odah as a former religious extremist and current Saudi “social media star,” noting he wrote on Snapchat that men should settle for marrying only one woman, an unpopular opinion in a country where polygamy is widely practised.
It is not just his views on women that have undergone dramatic transformation.
Odah has also distanced himself from violence and extremism. In his tweets and videos, he talks about "love" and "mercy," as opposed to violence, the BBC said.
On the sixth anniversary of 11 September 2001 attacks on the US, he delivered a speech in which he asked the late al-Qaeda leader Bin Laden: "Will you be happy to meet God almighty carrying the burden of these hundreds of thousands or millions of victims on your back?"
This article is available in French on Middle East Eye French edition.
Image copyright Wikimedia Commons Image caption An original Taiwanese passport (L) and modified documents (R)
The news that Taiwan's parliament has effectively authorised travellers to attach "Taiwan Republic" stickers to their passports has sparked heated discussion in mainland China.
Parliament decided on 6 April to lift the punishments for Taiwan passport holders who "add, modify or delete markings" from their travel documents.
The controversial stickers, which replace "Republic of China" with "Republic of Taiwan", became a popular trend when they launched in August last year.
However, China's government sees them as a symbol of Taiwanese independence and has refused entry to passport holders who sport them.
Denied entry
During the parliamentary session that saw the punishments overturned, the government warned holders that they must still "bear the risks" of having such stickers on their passports.
A number of Taiwanese travellers have been denied entry into China and other countries as a result of the stickers.
The Macau Daily Times reported in February that 15 Taiwanese citizens had been refused entry into the special administrative region of China, as a result of the "politically controversial and sensitive" stickers.
The same month, two Taiwanese travellers were denied entry into Hong Kong "on the grounds that their passports had been altered without permission" according to independent news website Hong Kong Free Press.
In December, three travellers were denied entry into Singapore.
Image copyright EPA Image caption China has been pushing Taiwan's leader to make clear its stance on independence
Following the Taiwanese move to authorise the stickers, Chinese state-run national newspaper Global Times warns that travellers may be denied entry further afield.
"The mainland's influence is much bigger than Taiwan's," it says in an editorial. "As long as the mainland is willing, it is not hard to stonewall those with the 'sticker passports' at immigration control points everywhere in the world."
'Poisons trust'
Chinese state media have condemned the ruling that the stickers are no longer deemed to "add, modify or delete markings" from official travel documents.
The overseas edition of government mouthpiece People's Daily warns that authorisation of the stickers may lead to other forms of rebellion.
"If Taiwan allows its passport covers to be 'changed', will it allow people to change their identity cards, driving licence, marriage certificate or 'legal declarations'?" it asks.
"How will document issued by Taiwan remain authoritative? How can we trust it if it is allowing people to change the 'country'? Is this a game of the 'Legislative Yuan' or an 'asylum for the insane'?"
English-language newspaper China Daily similarly warned that the stickers will result in "more Taiwanese compatriots bringing trouble and controversy".
It said that the ruling "only further poisons trust across the Taiwan Straits".
'Tsai's masterpiece'
Social media users on the popular Sina Weibo microblog are worried about the ruling, with many saying the news is "laughable" and that holders of such stickers have a "death wish".
"The international community knows that Taiwan is a province of the mainland, those still saying that Taiwan is a country are shameless," says 'Xu Xiaose'.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Taiwanese president-elect Tsai Ing-wen will be sworn in on 20 May 2016
"This is Tsai's masterpiece", one user says, suggesting that the stickers are part of a subtle campaign by president-elect Tsai Ing-wen to garner support for Taiwanese independence.
Another user says it is an example of Tsai using "more trickery", as she has not made clear whether or not she recognises that Taiwan is an independent country.
"Sooner or later, the Taiwanese will have to pay a price for their choice," adds 'Shaowei Guancha'.
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
iTunes Analysis
Interactive iTunes Analytics Made Beautiful
A small project to help analyze your iTunes library, all online by uploading a single file. The default data is mine and I will most likely by embarrassed by some of the results. Once your data is uploaded it will be stored in your browser so you don't have to reload it. Click Default Data to revert back to my data.
Upload
Default Data
Upload your iTunes Library.xml file located in your iTunes music folder to begin analysis on your own library.
Motivation
I love analytics. Sometimes I search for data sets just so I can perform some analytics on them. I've been especially excited about analytics since I was introduced to the D3 JavaScript library because I've wanted to use it to create interesting and interactive visualizations.
I also love music. I use iTunes fairly religiously and make sure to rate songs and fill in as much information about them as I can. I even make sure to not skip songs which are almost over so the play count is increased.
Top 25 Songs
Below are the top 25 songs in your library as well as the top 10 genres. Click on a genre to filter by it and see the new top 25. Each song's color is that of its genre. Songs whose genre is not in the top 10 are black. Click on a rectangle to query YouTube for the song.
Old Gems
Here is a chart of how many songs were last played on any given day. There seems to be at least a few each day for the last year. I often listen to playlists, but sometimes get bored and listen to all my five-star music on shuffle. I bet that's where a lot of the random songs come up. It looks like a lot of music got played on May 26th.
Old Gems becomes especially interesting when you click a day. To the right the top songs (some are cut off if there is not enough space) that were last played on that day are displayed. I've been using this to look for old gems that have been lost in the depths of my library. Click on a song to link to YouTube.
Average Plays per Day
This is average plays per day since the song was added. Recent songs you've binged on will be heavily weighed, while oldies will still show up (but only if you truly love them).
Top 25 Skipped Songs
Now let's take a quick look at the most skipped songs. Can't say I'm surprised by that first one...
Play Count Distribution
At first glance this graph isn't terribly interesting. Who's surprised that I haven't listened to a large portion of my library more than five times? Not I. The data becomes more interesting through some filtering, though. It looks like I'm more selective in adding Electronic and Hip-Hop music, leading to fewer songs I don't really listen to.
Rating Distribution
The Rating Distribution shows how songs are rated filtered on genre. My library isn't that interesting because I only rate my songs 0, 4, or 5 stars, but your library might have some more useful results. Each column is inclusive of its lower bound on the x-axis, so the bar spanning 5-6 stars is how many songs have a 5-star rating.
Song Length Distribution
Here we explore the song length distribution. It looks fairly Poisson for those interested in statistics. For the rest of you, that song on the far right is the entire soundtrack from Age of Empires II: The Conquerors. What a classic.
Again, some interesting conclusions fall out of filtering. The median Pop song in my library is around 3:15 long while the median Alternative song comes in about a half minute longer. I was expecting Classic Rock songs to average out around 4:30, but the distribution fell short. I'm not surprised there were a few long outliers. I bet that can be attributed to The Eagles and Meat Loaf.
Artist Rating Distribution
The Artist Rating Distribution is the same as the Rating Distribution except it filters on artist instead of genre. My library is still fairly uninteresting.
Bit Rate Distribution
I thought bit rates would have more consistent values, but by the looks of it they're all over the place. I wonder if that is just a result of the different sources of my music or if it is some other reason.
Top Artists
Here is play count again by top album. It's interesting that to make it into the top 6 an artist has to have at least a few solid hits. Foo Fighters is the first where there are two clear outliers followed by about 14 others that have over 20 plays.
Date Added
Date Added isn't very helpful for songs before November 15th, 2010 because that's when I migrated my iTunes from one machine to another, wiping all metadata. After that date it looks like I've pretty consistently added a few songs a week. This chart might be more interesting when looking at your own data.
Last Play Hour
Last Play Hour shows the distribution of how many songs were last played in a certain hour. This chart says some interesting things about my work day. I normally get into work around 7:30 and have a couple hours before the rest of my team gets in. We usually have a bit of a staff meeting when they get in (around 9-10) and it looks like that shows up here with a drop off of music.
Excerpt: "'By morphing, distorting and constantly changing definitions, the government is trying to 'define' itself out of producing relevant discovery,' Coombs [Manning's lawyer] complains. 'It cannot be permitted to do this.'"
Bradley Manning is charged with 22 counts connected to the largest leak of state secrets in US history. (photo: Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images)
Manning Lawyer in Struggle With US Government
By Ed Pilkington, Guardian UK
US government withholding 250,000 pages of damage assessment reports relating to WikiLeaks transmission.
he US government is in possession of 250,000 pages of documents relating to the transmission of state secrets to whistleblower website WikiLeaks, which it is refusing to disclose to defence lawyers representing the alleged source of the leaks, Bradley Manning.
Manning's civilian lawyer, David Coombs, has lodged a motion with the military court that is hearing the court-martial of the US soldier. Coombs writes in the motion that the government has revealed to him in a throwaway footnote that there are 250,000 pages in its possession that relate to Manning, WikiLeaks and secret official assessments of the damage that the massive leak caused to US interests around the world.
Yet none of these pages have been made available to the defence. "If so, this is very disconcerting to the defence," Coombs says.
Manning, an intelligence analyst who was working outside Baghdad when he was arrested two years ago, is charged with 22 counts connected to the largest leak of state secrets in US history.
In the motion, published in redacted form on his website, Coombs renews his long-standing efforts to compel the US government to hand over information that could prove crucial in preparing Manning's defence.
He accuses the army of continuing to resist its legal obligations to disclose anything that could help To man prove his innocence or achieve a lighter sentence.
The motion is one of several defence motions that have been submitted to the court and that will be the subject of a pre-trial hearing at Fort Meade in Maryland. Manning himself is likely to attend the hearing, which comes three months before a full trial, which is scheduled for 21 September.
The language of Coombs's legal submission suggests that the lawyer, who himself has a military background, is growing increasingly frustrated by the obfuscations and alleged sleights of hand played by the prosecution.
In recent motions, the lawyer has accused the US government of preventing Manning from having a fair trial.
Coombs paints an almost Kafkaesque world in which the military authorities play word games in order to keep deflecting his requests for disclosure.
Sometimes the government says that the defense is being "too narrow" in its requests, at other times "too broad".
Coombs comments sarcastically: "The defence believes that no defence discovery request would ever be 'just right' to satisfy Goldilocks."
When the defence asked to see "damage assessments" or "investigations" that the government had carried out into the likely impact of WikiLeaks, he was told none existed.
After much effort was expended, Coombs managed to get the government to admit that what he should have asked for – according to its vocabulary – was "working papers".
"By morphing, distorting and constantly changing definitions, the government is trying to 'define' itself out of producing relevant discovery," Coombs complains. "It cannot be permitted to do this."
Judging from the motions which Coombs has filed, this week's pre-trial hearing promises to be quite feisty.
Other motions before the court include a demand for the dismissal of 10 of the 22 counts against the private.
Though Manning faces very severe charges, including "aiding the enemy", that carry a possible sentence of life in military custody, he draws comfort from having such a robust defence team.
His aunt, speaking to the Guardian last week, said that Manning had "tremendous confidence in David Coombs".
FIFA is set to kick-off two new development projects in Somalia in the aftermath of the first-ever mission of a FIFA official to Mogadishu since 1986.
The Somalia Football Federation (SFF) is now set to plan for the implementation of its second Goal project, a technical centre at Mogadishu's College University Stadium, as well as for the construction of an artificial turf pitch as part of world's football governing body Challenger scheme. In 2013 FIFA hosted its first development course in Mogadishu for 27 years.
Somalia's civil war had a severe impact on football infrastructure as the artificial turf pitch in Mogadishu's Banadir stadium, funded by FIFA in 2006 was severely damaged as were other facilities. The pitch has now been refurbished and serves as the venue for the matches of the ten-team Somali Football League.
During the visit, FIFA's Development Manager for Africa, Zelkifli Ngoufonja discussed the implementation of more football development and grassroots activities in the country with the country's FA President, Said Arab Abdiqani.
FIFA is pleased to see that the SFF is aiming to promote the implementation of youth competitions and grassroots activities, and has made it a priority to extend its programmes to other regions outside Mogadishu.
After several years of violent conflict, the SFF is making concrete progress, football is moving towards a better future. The league is a success in Mogadishu, a trend that FIFA is confident will continue in the near future and is committed to support.
The NHS is often hit with ransomware attacks but pays out little or nothing
QUEUE-GENERATING life-saving outfit the NHS is being whacked at an increasing level by ransomware attacks.
We suspect that none of the malware perpetrators is waiting for a knee operation or a hip replacement. Or maybe they are. But they are are thorough, consistent and a bit repetitive.
This is according to a report in a newspaper that calls itself i, and via the BBC News website, which threw Freedom of Information request into NHS waters and hooked a big fish.
The i took its data from information assurance company NCC Group, and it looks like an exclusive.
"We have seen a 400 per cent increase in these attacks. The health service is by no means alone in facing this kind of attack," Ollie Whitehouse, technical director of NCC Group, told the i.
"But NHS trusts are being increasingly targeted and any loss of patient data would be a nightmare. Like everyone else, they need to apply robust controls."
The NCC declined to name the affected NHS trusts, but there are around 30. Some declined to answer the question about ransomware attacks, but the information showed that not a single penny was paid out.
We thought that interesting, as it looks like the trusts are taking the security industry medicine and keeping their wallets in their pockets.
Where the victim is identified, which is rare, they are named only as the ‘Admin'. Just one trust, located in the East of England, admitted to being hacked twice.
Rashmi Knowles, chief EMEA security architect at RSA, said: "Ransomware is an extremely lucrative business for cyber criminals as once they are in they just need to encrypt the data. Whereas actually stealing data and then trying to resell makes it a much longer process.
"Current data shows that ransomware cases are expected to double from 2015 to 2016, and it should come as no surprise that breaches continue to happen as frequently as they do.
"The results show organisations relying on a fragmented foundation of data and technologies. Because it remains siloed, visibility is incomplete, making attacker activity difficult to scope.
"As a result the speed with which they can detect and investigate threats becomes a real challenge."
Ransomware attacks are on the up, according to a recent Check Point report. µ
SPIEGEL: Minister Schäuble, 15 years ago, a leading German politician wrote a book in which he predicted that the euro would no longer allow countries belonging to the European common currency the luxury of "relapsing into comfortable debt creation." Do you have any idea who made this prognosis?
Schäuble: I have an idea, but I'm sure you're going to tell me.
SPIEGEL: It was the then-floor leader of conservatives in parliament, Wolfgang Schäuble.
Schäuble: At the time, I was expressing an expectation that many held -- and current tendencies have confirmed it. In the case of Greece, we are currently seeing that the currency union doesn't allow its member states to pursue unsound financial policies for extended periods.
SPIEGEL: But, in the case of Greece, we have also seen that politicians have ignored such problems for years. This is now forcing them to break promises that they made in European Union treaties stipulating that Germany wouldn't be required to cover the debts of other member countries. Has the euro lost its credibility?
Schäuble: If we are going to have a common currency, we also have to be able to defend it -- and to do so in a way consistent with EU treaties. We've managed to do that: The euro is stable, and an increasing number of countries are denominating their financial reserves in the euro not least because of the high degree of faith they have in it. Incidentally, our goal in helping is not to cover the debts of others. More than anything else, we are helping in our own interest.
SPIEGEL: Still, taxpayers once again make billions of euros available to Greece, even after the EU and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) put together a 110 billion bailout packages for Greece last year. Can you promise Germany this will be the last aid package?
Schäuble: We always resisted the early, simplistic notion that everything could be taken care of with a single payment to the Greeks in 2010. We said from the beginning that this was a complex challenge that would need a plan and would take time. Because we were aware of the size of the problem, we said early on that a lasting mechanism for overcoming the debt crisis had to be created. The European Stability Mechanism (ESM) is now there and is being ratified. But it won't take effect until 2013. So we need an interim solution, and that's what we're doing now.
SPIEGEL: Most experts doubt that the interim solution will work. They've concluded that Greece ultimately won't be able to avoid having to restructure its debts. Do you see things differently?
Schäuble: Absolutely. The program for Greece will become viable once Greece has implemented all the measures it has agreed to. That's not just my opinion; it's also shared by the IMF, the European Central Bank (ECB) and the European Commission. I have great respect for the way the people of Greece have approached this exceptional challenge. It won't be easy, but the Greeks have resolved to follow this path. And I'm convinced that they will do everything possible to work their way back out of this predicament.
SPIEGEL: Your views put you in a minority. Greece will soon have to spend a 10th of its gross domestic product on interest payments alone, and the country's economy is not competitive. How do you intend to solve these problems?
Schäuble: Greece has considerable potential when it comes to bolstering its market competitiveness. Just look, for example, at the share of the Greek economy that is controlled by the state -- it's almost as large as it was in formerly communist countries. If Greece were now to privatize state-owned companies on a massive scale, it would not only bring in money to state coffers, it would also liberate major growth forces. We Germans in particular know what is possible when a country undertakes genuine structural reform.
SPIEGEL: At the moment, though, the EU is mostly demanding austerity measures from Greece. Doesn't the country need a kind of EU Marshall Plan to get back on track to economic growth?
Schäuble: What you call it isn't so important. The crucial factor is for the EU to be more willing than it has been to support Greece in generating growth. When my Athenian counterpart makes his upcoming trip to Berlin, I'll be talking with him about how we can move this process forward. Doing so also entails considerable tasks and opportunities for the German economy.
SPIEGEL: None of this will help as long as Greece is being crushed by its enormous debt load. Wouldn't it be better if the country just conceded it is broke and asked its creditors to liberate it from part of the debt burden?
Schäuble: It's our responsibility to prevent things from escalating to crisis levels. If we don't do that, the crisis could spill over into other euro-zone countries, which would have unpredictable but thoroughly daunting effects on banks, the real economy and possibly the entire financial system. In any case, that's the fear of the European Central Bank; as finance minister, I have to take this into account.
SPIEGEL: Even Peer Steinbrück, your Social Democrat predecessor as finance minister, believes that the consequences could be controlled if Greece were to declare national bankruptcy.
Schäuble: But Mr. Steinbrück also believes that I should make policy in close consultation with the ECB. Those two things don't go well together because it is precisely the ECB that has long been warning of the incalculable and dramatic consequences that would follow a Greek declaration of national bankruptcy. We can't allow a second Lehman case on the financial markets.
SPIEGEL: The comparison doesn't really work. In the case of Lehman Brothers, no one knew exactly the bank's reach. But, in the case of Greece, it's widely known who the creditors are. Politicians would only have to signal that they would stabilize endangered banks in an emergency.
Schäuble: Of course, as a responsible government, we're preparing ourselves for the unlikely event that things defy all expectations and Greece actually does fail to make its payments. Were that to happen, we'd try to avert uncontrolled developments. However, it would be completely wrong to cavalierly force Greece into insolvency. The risks for the Greek economy and the danger of infecting the financial markets would simply be too great.
SPIEGEL: The beneficiaries of your policies are international speculators. During the financial crisis, they were able to count on having the state buy up ailing banks in danger of collapse. They can now count on taxpayers financing countries whenever they go bankrupt. Where will this end?
Related Article Corker support shrinks in MTSU poll Read more
GATLINBURG, Tenn. — Retiring U.S. Sen. Bob Corker on Friday wouldn't rule out a possible 2020 challenge to President Donald Trump, but stressed his primary focus remains on completing his third and final term in the Senate.
"The only thing I'm talking about now over the next 14 months truly is doing the best job I can as a senator," the former Chattanooga mayor told reporters in Gatlinburg after a state economic and community development conference.
Asked whether he was thinking about or ruling out a Republican primary challenge to Trump in 2020, Corker said: "If you even begin thinking those things, everything you do becomes viewed through a different lens. I've got 14 months to do the best job that I can."
"It's way way too early," Corker later noted. "Does [Trump] even run again? It's way too early to be thinking about those things."
The Tennessee Republican spoke to reporters came after a luncheon speech at the annual Governor's Conference on Economic and Community Development. Also speaking were Gov. Bill Haslam and U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander.
Corker, who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, pointed to "tremendous foreign relations challenges," especially with regard to North Korea. He touched on an upcoming tax overhaul, and a temporary fix on soaring Obamacare insurance premiums that Alexander said he's put together with U.S. Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., at Trump's behest.
Corker has been embroiled for more than two months in an escalating feud with Trump. Much of it began when Corker told Chattanooga Rotary Club members in mid-August the president had yet to demonstrate the competence and stability needed to succeed in the job.
That was in response to Trump's ambivalent comments about who was at fault at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va., that left a female counterprotester dead and others injured.
Trump later tweeted that it was an odd comment from Corker, who he said had asked his advice about seeking a third term.
Corker later announced he wouldn't run again.
The senator has since charged the president is "debasing" the nation, has "great difficulty with the truth" and treated his office like a "reality star" and created problems for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with presidential Twitter slams on North Korea.
Among other things, Trump charged that the senator couldn't get elected "dog catcher" in his home state.
"Well," Corker drawled Friday, "I like dogs, so that's pretty offensive."
Earlier, Corker won warm applause and sometimes laughs from hundreds of county and city mayors as well as economic development officials as he, Alexander and Haslam discussed issues, governance and stylistic approach to public office.
"I think you build political capital to use it. Burn it up. I realize I may burn everyone," Corker said, drawing laughs. "But that's the purpose of building capital, is to use it."
But "to get nothing done is a total waste of time," Corker said to applause.
The senator also dismissed suggestions, most notably from New York Times conservative columnist Ross Douthat, that if Corker is serious about Trump's fitness for office, he should call openly for impeachment or removal through the 25th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
"That's not going to happen," Corker said. "The best thing we can do is when the president's right, support the things that he's doing. I think we have the opportunity to do something good on taxes. And oppose him when he is wrong. We also should strongly support those within the administration who are giving him advice we believe to be appropriate."
Contact staff writer Andy Sher at asher@timesfreepress.com or 615-255-0550. Follow on Twitter @AndySher1.
Today is 13 February. For millions of Americans, it's an especially important day. Across the country, advocates are organizing, rallying, and speaking out in support of raising the US tipped minimum wage of $2.13.
Yes, you read that right. Tipped workers include parking lot attendants, bellhops, baggage porters, manicurists, and barbers. They also include many people in the restaurant industry – waiters, waitresses, and food deliverers. They haven't seen a raise since 1991.
For decades, tipped workers received roughly 50% of the federal minimum wage. But in 1996, Congress abandoned the 50% rule, and raised the minimum wage without increasing compensation for tipped workers. Nearly 20 years later, the minimum wage has risen to $7.25, while the tipped wage has remained frozen at $2.13.
The disparity is even more stark now that President Obama has signed an executive order making the wage for federal contract workers $10.10 an hour. That means the people who work in the cafeterias and concessions stands of America's federal buildings and parks will soon get a nice raise.
Workers who rely on gratuity have been pushed to the brink. Restaurant employees use food stamps at twice the rate of the general US workforce, and are three times more likely to live below the poverty line. In real terms, $2.13 in 1991 is worth $1.24 today.
Women have been disproportionately affected. Women constitute nearly two-thirds of all tipped workers, and 70% of restaurant servers. Many are adult mothers, who don't make enough to support themselves, let alone a family.
In theory, tips are supposed to make these employees whole. But that often doesn't happen. For starters, many Americans don't know who to tip. Food deliverers and wheelchair attendants at airports, for example, make $2.13 an hour but often receive only a pittance in gratuity.
Tips also fluctuate widely. This is especially true in the restaurant industry, where weather, time of day, geography, and general economic trends are all important. On a snowy day in an economic downturn, there might be no tips to count. This lack of predictability puts workers in an impossible position. How can they pay fixed monthly expenses, when their income is so uncertain?
In the event that tips are lacking, employers are required to top-off wages so that they reach the federal minimum of $7.25. But that, too, doesn't always happen. Many employees don't know their rights, or are afraid to exercise them. Low-wage workers – many of whom live paycheck to paycheck – sometimes choose silence rather than claiming what's rightfully theirs.
There's also the prospect of employer misconduct. Indeed, stories of employers stealing tips, and lawsuits alleging wage theft, are legion. In one famous report, the New York State Department of Labor audited a random sample of car washes, and found tip abuse at 21% of car washes statewide (pdf).
The Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013 would gradually increase the minimum wage to $10.10, and the tipped wage to 70% of the full minimum wage. Both amounts would then rise annually with inflation. This badly needed legislation would help restore dignity and value to a vital component of America's workforce.
Critics argue that increasing the tipped wage would hurt employment and small businesses. However, many states have independently raised the tipped wage, and not seen a concomitant loss in business. California, for example, has a universal minimum wage of $8, and its restaurant scene has flourished.
Moreover, in the most comprehensive study to date (pdf), a group of economists analyzed 16 years of data, and compared counties where the minimum wage increased to neighboring counties where it didn't. They found no negative impact on employment. Studies that have focused exclusively on the restaurant industry have reached a similar result.
Some economists have even suggested that a wage increase would stimulate business. They contend that raising the wage would increase worker productivity, reduce employee turnover, and add money to the economy.
The plight of tipped workers has an all too familiar explanation: special interest politics. The National Restaurant Association, the “other NRA”, employs nearly 1 in 10 Americans, and spends millions safeguarding its members' profits. It has strong ties to both political parties, and is largely responsible for the continued erosion of the tipped minimum wage. But behind the money and rhetoric lies a shameful reality: the very people who feed us, often can't feed themselves.
This article originally appeared on guardian.co.uk
An anonymous C-SPAN caller made a stunning admission on a cable television program and asked its black guest a straightforward question: "I'm a white male and I am prejudiced ... what can I do to change, you know, to be a better American?"
Heather McGhee, president of a think tank called Demos, was on the C-SPAN program "Washington Journal" Sunday discussing racial tensions in modern America when the call came in. Hear it here and read on for the man's full comment.
'What can I do to change to be a better American?'
C-SPAN is known to take anonymous calls from viewers who chime in with their opinions on a number of issues involving public policy. In this case, video of the exchange has already been viewed more than 1.4 million times on Facebook and reignited a conversation on racial tolerance that has captured America's attention on the heels of national discussions about police use of force on African Americans and the rise of the Black Lives Matter movement.
The man did not identify himself on the program but his public admission served as a rare moment in the discussion about racial prejudice. In a calm voice, the man framed his question like this:
I was hoping your guest could help me change my mind about some things. I'm a white male and I am prejudiced. And the reason it is, it's something I wasn't taught but it's kind of something that I learned. When I open up the papers, I get very discouraged at what young black males are doing to each other and the crime rate. I understand that they live in an environment with a lot of drugs, you have to get money for drugs, and it is a deep issue that goes beyond that. But when I have these different fears, and I don't want my fears to come true. You know, so I try to avoid that, and I come off as being prejudiced but I just have fears. I don't like to be forced to like people. I like to be led to like people through example. What can I do to change, you know, to be a better American?
McGhee took a long pause before responding.
Thank you for being honest and for opening up this conversation because it is simply one of the most important ones we have to have in this country. We are not a country that is united because we are all one racial group that all descended from one tribe in one community. That is actually, I think, what makes this country beautiful. But it's our challenge. We are the most multiracial, multi-ethnic, wealthy democracy in the world. And so, asking the question you asked, how do I get over my fears and my prejudices, is the question that all of us — and I will say people of all races and ethnicities and backgrounds hold these fears and prejudices. Most are actually unconscious. You say to yourself, I'm not prejudiced, but of course we all have that. So your ability to just say, this is what I have, I have certain prejudices and I want to get over them, is one of the most powerful things we can do right now at this moment in our history. Thank you. So what can you do? Get to know black families who are not, even any majority, involved in crime and gangs. Turn off the news that night because we know that, actually, nightly news in many media markets that have been studied actually over-represent African American crime and under-represents crimes done by white people. Join a church if you are a religious person. A black church or a church that is interracial. Start to read about the history of the African American community in this country. Foster conversation in your family, in your neighborhood where you're asking exactly those kinds of questions.
Reactions to the conversation and the video have flooded Demos' Facebook Page, with a wide range of opinions on combating racism in America.
A modern conversation on race in America
In a subsequent interview with McGhee, The Washington Post asked her why the conversation has resonated with the nation so much.
"White people want to choose a side," she told the Washington Post. "They want to be on the right side of history. But we've lost the muscle to work through the reality of our distance from one another and the pervasiveness of unconscious bias. So when he made that admission, I think it resonated because a lot of white people knew where he was coming from and were impressed that he was brave or that I was compassionate."
Can more conversations like this substantially ease racial tensions in America? Let us know.
At first glance, this Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport appears to be one of those special chrome-clad customs giving off a series of strange, wavy reflections from a series of overhead lights. Upon closer inspection, however, that's not the light playing tricks on you – it's the two-tone finish, which looks like it's been spread across the Veyron L'Or Blanc by a cake baker's frosting knife.This one-off "white gold" Grand Sport is the result of Bugatti working with Germany's Königliche Porzellan-Manufaktur , a centuries-old porcelain producer based in Berlin. In addition to the special two-tone paint, pieces of ceramic trim have been fitted to the car's exterior, and the fragile, creamy white stuff is slathered inside of this €1.65 missile, too.The Veyron L'Or Blanc was first shown in late June at KPM's operations before being brought to America for display at The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering in Monterey No word yet on whether this particular car has found a buyer, but given Bugatti's penchant for creating a seemingly endless stream of "limited-edition" Veyrons, we're confident they'll find a way to build you one if you flash them enough cash.
Share
But unlike many of his intellectual caliber, Einstein had a noted social side, too. He was a prolific humorist, a prankster, and a humanist who devoted much of his life to the advancement of humanitarian causes. “Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist,” he once said. “They are wrong: it is character.”
The cross-cultural fascination with Einstein shows no sign of waning. Einstein toys are a category onto themselves — the market's positively dominated by plushies, dolls, DVDs, and other interactive toys. But that didn't stop David Hanson, a former Walt Disney Imagineer and veritable pioneer in the field of lifelike robots, from taking a stab.
Hanson's namesake company, Hanson Robotics, teamed up with Andy Rifkin, former senior VP of Mattel Toys, to create a fully automated, 14.5-inch Einstein caricature who teaches scientific basics to kids, teens, and curious adults. “Our end goal is to make AI very smart and to relate with people, so by giving it a humanlike form it means that we can teach it more what it means to be human,” Hanson said. “It can physically explore the world the way that a baby would, and it can socially explore; learn from people.”
That's all to say Professor Einstein is just as personable as its real-life inspiration. Hanson worked with the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, which owns Einstein's image and intellectual property, to ensure that the robot channeled the real-life Einstein's “warm and caring” side. “He's bright, funny, and engaging, and comical,” said Rifkin. “The key is you want to go back and play with him again and again. We didn't cut corners. We purposefully made him silly and funny — we didn't want him to make anybody uncomfortable.”
Rifkin stopped by the offices of Digital Trends last week to demo a prototype of Professor Einstein, which launches on Kickstarter today. The robot, dressed in black pants, a corduroy sweater, and black tie, certainly looked the part. And it sounded the part, too, thanks to a voice synthesis platform that taps AI systems like IBM Watson and Microsoft's Xiobing chatbot to strike up casual conversations.
It tells jokes, too. “I had the worst dream,” Professor Einstein said. “My vast intellect had been downloaded into a prosthetic body. I was then made to present the world of science to perfect strangers.”
There's a lot of technology beneath Professor Einstein's plastic surface. It sports a chest-level camera that performs “blob detection” — a computer vision technique that identifies facial features — in order to turn and address people with whom it's carrying on a conversation. (Privacy concerns precluded facial recognition, Rifkin said). Nine motors power everything from Professor Einstein's facial tics to its basic movement. And rechargeable batteries housed in his feet provide about three to four hours of playtime.
The team worked to make Professor Einstein as lifelike as possible within the project's budget constraints, Rifkin said. Its face, replete with moving pupils that can move up to 30 degrees in any direction and an articulated tongue, is surprisingly expressive — it's capable of more than 50 individual gestures, including smiles, frowns, and expressions of surprise. And the attention to detail is impressive: Professor Einstein sticks out a lone finger to emphasize points and shuffles forward and backward with motorized feet.
Two far-field microphones help Professor Einstein process basic questions. Thanks to internet-based sources, it can answer questions about the weather (“How's the weather in Hong Kong?”), food, and people (“Who's Brad Pit?”), with more to come in the future.
It doesn't always do so quickly, unfortunately — it is slower than voice-activated assistants like Alexa and Cortana at answering basic questions. But Rifkin thinks of those features as “bonuses” rather than selling points.
Professor Einstein truly shines in the area of “edutainment,” Rifkin said. A companion software, a sleekly designed mobile app called Stein-o-Matic, comes preloaded with 14 animated lessons on subjects from human biology to basic mechanics. (One teaches how the human digestive system and brain is organized, while another explains the concepts of friction and electromagnetism.) They serve as visual aids for the toy's vocalized lectures, which makes for an experience that's a bit like sitting in for a classroom lesson — albeit with a miniaturized robotic Einstein and iPad in place of a teacher and whiteboard.
After-lesson games include timed question-and-answer cards, matching games, slideshows, daily mental “kick starts,” thought experiments, and time-pressured brain games designed to test and boost mental quickness. A chemical reaction lab provides substances you can mix and match into compounds, and a gravity game lets you launch a rocket and use planetary gravity wells to extend their journey.
Other experiences are a little more hands-off. A “space travel” mode provides a guided journey through the solar system, while “time travel” has professor Einstein narrate the early history of the world.
Rifkin sees Professor Einstein as a platform that will improve over time. The app will gain new videos and activities via over-the-air updates (Rifkin is tossing around the idea of a lesson on the basics of smartphone technology) and aftermarket accessories like clothing. And thanks to a yearly subscription service, Professor Einstein will be able to answer an increasing number of queries.
Eventually, the team plans to expose Professor Einstein's programming to third-party developers. And it's planning a software development kit that will let enterprising engineers program Professor Einstein to their liking. “We wanted to embrace a personality. It's functional artificial intelligence that solves a problem,” said Rifkin. “It's adaptive learning in humanlike form.”
Professor Einstein starts at $250 for Kickstarter pre-order backers, and ships in April. It's targeted at those 13 and older.
The content of the introduction to this new scholarly tome of Lovecraftian criticism should be familiar to all who attended the 2013 NecronomiCon as the author, S.T. Joshi, used much of this material in his opening address held at the First Baptist Church in Providence. In the forward, Joshi describes the singular rise of Providence author H.P. Lovecraft's literary reputation from nearly forgotten 1930s pulp writer to a secure place in America's literary pantheon, alongside such luminaries as Poe and Hawthorne.
With Lovecraft's reputation secure, says Joshi, all that is left is “the continued evaluation of his entire work… And the placing of that work in the context of [Lovecraft's] times and in the overall history of weird and mainstream literature.” New Critical Essays On H. P. Lovecraft is an important, erudite, yet readable collection of essays that might be seen as the beginning of Joshi's call for a new era of such scholarship.
Published by Palgrave Macmillan at a list price of $85, this is not a book for the casual Lovecraft reader, but a book aimed at hard core fans and college libraries. The seriousness with which the subject is approached does not mean that the book lacks a sense of fun. An entire chapter is dedicated to Lovecraft's influence on comics (with ample illustrations) and another chapter explores Lovecraft's influence on “extreme” heavy metal music.
As is often the case with scholarly work, the various authors sometimes delve into literary minutia to make their cases. The second and third chapters focus on Lovecraft's short story “Dreams in the Witch House,” which has never been considered one of the writer's stronger entries and was once referred to as “Lovecraft's magnificent failure” by critic Steven Mariconda. Still, this story features one of Lovecraft's strongest woman characters, even if she is an ugly, evil, dimension-hopping witch. This focus on odd characters in obscure stories is necessary because many critics want to engage with Lovecraft's depiction of women, such as it is. As it stands, Lovecraft has written very little about women, and almost nothing about sexual relations, unless one is willing to read between the lines.
The strength of the first three chapters is that they do not turn a blind eye toward or try to explain away Lovecraft's overt racism and (presumably unconscious) misogyny. Instead, the essays explore the ways Lovecraft's attitudes flavored and informed his brand of weird fiction, which stressed the horrors of otherness, miscegenation, race and sex. Chapter four deals with Lovecraft's relationship with modernism, while chapters five and six deal with aspects of two of Lovecraft's most famous stories, “At the Mountains of Madness” and “The Dunwich Horror.”
The first half of the book concerns itself with Lovecraft and his fiction, but the last six chapters deal with Lovecraft's place in modern pop culture. Here the book really shines in my opinion. Chapter seven details the ways in which Lovecraft's work was interpreted and warped by August Derleth, the man who, along with Donald Wandrei, kept Lovecraft's work in print until his literary worth was secured, but not without Derleth's rather odd reinterpretation of Lovecraft's ideas. Chapter eight talks about Lovecraft's literary ascension, and his inclusion in the Library of America.
My favorite chapter, nine, was titled “Co(s)mic Horror,” and was a fairly complete introduction to the exploration of Lovecraft's influence on comics and a history of the comic adaptations his work inspired. There is an irony in Lovecraft being adapted into comics (or movies for that matter) since much of what Lovecraft wrote about he described as being “indescribable.” This presents a challenge to artists eager to interpret his work.
Chapter ten covered Lovecraft's influence on heavy metal music, while chapter eleven compared Lovecraft with the weird fiction author China Miéville, who admits Lovecraft as an influence on his work. The final chapter could almost have worked better as the first chapter, since it attempts to be a summary of Lovecraft's impact on popular culture covering everything from literature, movies, comics and role playing games.
This anthology works as a photograph of the current state of Lovecraftian scholarship, outlining in broad strokes many different directions of inquiry. The work is of course not complete – there is plenty of scholarly work yet to be done.
Lovecraft was once “owned” by his fans, who kept his work and legacy alive when no one took him seriously. Now that academia is becoming interested, fans will find that they will have to share their favorite author with scholars. Far from being put off by this, interested fans should find their experience of Lovecraft's work enhanced and enriched.
Close
Ads that inform the public about the dangers of cigarette smoking will become more widespread, but health advocates aren't the ones behind it.
In fact, tobacco companies are orchestrating them, but they're not doing it willingly. A federal court has ordered them to tell the public the truth and nothing but the truth.
Big Tobacco Has To Confess
Altria, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco, Lorillard, and Philip Morris USA are the companies hit by the order. As a result, they all have to run "corrective statements" in the form of ads on TV and newspapers throughout four months.
According to a court document, examples of this include that smoking kills 1,200 Americans every day on average; causes heart disease, emphysema, acute myeloid leukemia, and cancer; and causes more deaths than murder, AIDS, suicide, drugs, car crashes, and alcohol combined.
The same goes for secondhand smoke, wherein they are required to make the dangers related to it clear, such as how it kills more than 30,000 Americans per year, causes lung cancer and coronary heart disease in non-smoking adults, and increases the risk of children incurring sudden infant death syndrome or SIDS and severe asthma, to name a few.
More than that, they are also tasked with warning the public of how addictive cigarette smoking is, with statements such as "Cigarette companies intentionally designed cigarettes with enough nicotine to create and sustain addiction" and "When you smoke, the nicotine actually changes the brain — that's why quitting is so hard."
The Lies Stop Now
Tobacco companies have been determined to have "lied, misrepresented and deceived the American public, including young people, about the devastating health effects of smoking" for more than 50 years (via NPR) by Judge Gladys Kessler, the district judge of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia.
They also abused the legal system to keep the facts hidden away, destroying important documents and the like. At that, they misled the public about light and "low tar" cigarettes, making them appear less dangerous, and kept the harmful effects of secondhand smoke at bay.
Alternatives To Tobacco
In 2015, 49 million Americans or one in five adults used tobacco, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention or CDC, which illustrates the severity of cigarette smoking in the country.
On a related note, a study published in August said there's a 20 percent chance of users quitting smoking by increasing the price of cigarettes by $1.
Another recommendation is to turn to e-cigarettes, which health experts are encouraging smokers to do to help them kick the habit for good.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
First of all I have 3 dogs (Atari, Nintendo, and Sega) who I love to spoil, but their secret santa put me to shame. She sent soooo many goodies and two toys! They were super excited to open the box and sniff out all their treats... I'm taking it slow (so they don't get tubby) so they have just tried the dogswell chicken grillers (for the win!) And absolutely love them.. ×× haha they are sitting here politely rt now just for momma to hand some yummies out ×× Now I need to talk about the toys... the monkey is super cute, but takes a back seat to Mr Lamb-y Mr Lamb-y stole the show and Sega carries him around with her everywhere! Inside, outside, on the couch, in her bed... on the rare occasion she puts him down Atari runs over, steals him, and squeaks him all over the house. Oh yeah and Nintendo has already eaten the tail and ears off of the monkey lol Thank you so much Secret Santa you are amazing!
Almost 100 stolen cars have been seized by gardaí in the last 20 months as criminal gangs attempted to export them from the Republic.
The cars included a brand new Range Rover along with Mercedes, BMW and Audi models.
Since January 2015 , a two member team running Operation Waste has been working out of Dublin Castle to prevent criminals from exporting cars collectively worth millions of euros.
Gardaí estimate the stolen cars were worth about €1.5 million per year to thieves who in many cases got the car keys during burglaries, even using fishing rods pushed through letter boxes to hook the keys from a hall table.
Since January 2015 a total of 91 vehicles with an estimated value of about €2 million have been recovered by Operation Waste.
The operation is under the supervision of Det Insp Michael O'Connor.
Along with high-end vehicles, Nissan Qashqais, Volkswagen Golfs and other family cars have also been recovered. Motorcycles and commercial vehicles have also been found.
In some cases “cloned vehicles”, which are vehicles which use the registration and papers of a similar vehicle, were found. Such vehicles included an Audi Q7 SUV and a Toyota Avensis D-Cat which were recovered before they were exported to Africa.
Operation Waste has also recovered a number of vehicles bearing false registration plates and documents, listed for sale on popular websites.
A dismantled Audi Q5, BMW 3 series and a 2015 VW Golf along with other vehicles were discovered in an articulated trailer destined for Eastern Europe.
As well as port inspections with customs officers and an x-ray scanner, the unit also employs automatic number plate technology and intelligence analysis to track stolen and cloned vehicles on Dublin's roads.
In some circumstances these vehicles had already been sold on to unsuspecting buyers both in Ireland and abroad.
The two-officer team running Operation Waste is assisted by the Garda Stolen Motor Vehicle Investigation Unit, and the National Bureau of Criminal Investigation.
The unit was originally set up in September 2014 with the aim of monitoring the export of vehicles from the State to destinations such as the UK, Africa, Lithuania and Poland.
More than 60 uninsured or un-roadworthy cars and heavy goods vehicles have also been detained, resulting in a number of drivers being disqualified from driving for having no insurance.
Recently it was reported that many of the postal vote forms relating to gay marriage had something it shouldn't have on the barcode.
On the barcode, Aussies noticed that where randomly selected numbers and letters appeared, ‘bumsex' was spelled out.
Jess Wheeler posted a photo of the barcode to twitter, with the caption, ‘I don't think you guys are taking this thing seriously'.
.@ABSStats i don't think you guys are taking this thing seriously pic.twitter.com/ETyuwjgvtz — Jess Wheeler (@wheelswordsmith) September 16, 2017
Agreed.
With up to 15 million people voting on whether same-sex couples should be allowed to get married, it was unclear how many people were issued the inappropriate barcode.
According to The Sunday Telegraph, Jonathan Palmer, deputy statistician for the Australian Bureau of Statistics, apologised for the error saying:
‘The ABS acknowledges that in issuing 16 million barcodes it did not check and remove words and phrases that may be offensive.
The ABS apologises to the survey recipient and will issue a new form if requested.
The codes were issued using an algorithm generating more than two quintillion combinations of letters and numbers in order to generate highly secure barcodes.
The ABS will check newly issues barcodes.'
Palmer also urged Australians not to compromise their privacy and security of their response by publicly displaying the barcode.
Yeah, right.
Source: UNILAD
The United Services Automobile Association (USAA), a financial services company, announced Tuesday it will resume advertising on Sean Hannity's Fox News show, The Associated Press reported.
USAA was one of almost a dozen companies that initially pulled their ads from “Hannity” after he kept peddling a false conspiracy theory involving the 2016 death of Seth Rich, a Democratic National Committee staff member.
Fox News first retracted the story, but Hannity refused to follow suit last week.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I retracted nothing,” he said on his show. Hannity, however, agreed not to talk about the story at the moment “out of respect for the family.”
USAA, which had suspended running its paid advertisements on other political programs as well, will reinstate advertising on shows such as CNN's “The Lead” and MSNBC's “Hardball” and “The Rachel Maddow Show.”
The firm, which serves many military service members and veterans, told the newswire it will keep advertising with those news outlets as it reviews the company's advertising policy regarding political and opinion programs.
USAA said it heard from its customers about the decision.
“We heard concerns from many members who watch and listen to these programs,” USAA said in a statement on Tuesday. “Our goal in advertising has always been to reach members of the military community who would benefit from USAA's well-known commitment to service. Today, the lines between news and editorial are increasingly blurred.”
This story was updated at 4:09 p.m.
A troubled California tax agency that has resisted almost 90 years of calls for its dissolution is on the brink of changes that would make it a sliver of itself.
In a sweeping overhaul announced by top Democrats, the Board of Equalization would lose its high-profile mandate as California's tax court and shed almost 90 percent of its 4,800 employees.
The work would continue and the employees would keep their jobs, but most of them would move to a new revenue department that would report to the Governor's Office. Tax disputes would be settled by civil service administrative law judges instead of elected members on the Board of Equalization.
State Controller Betty Yee, the longest-serving member of the board, announced the plan Monday morning. It's part of a budget deal endorsed by Gov. Jerry Brown, Senate Pro Tem Kevin de León and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon that would take effect July 1 if it's approved.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
They crafted the plan in the wake of a March audit that showed elected members had inappropriately intervened in the tax agency's daily operations, created a climate of fear among some civil servants and allowed questionable accounting that misallocated tax revenue.
More audits are in the works, including one digging into allegations of nepotism at a tax agency that collects more than $60 billion a year in revenue.
“We think that this is what is going to be demanded by the public,” Yee said. “They want a fair tax body, and the arguments for doing this is to respond to all we have learned, and we are going to continue to learn with the audits coming in.”
Brown in April sanctioned the board by suspending its hiring and purchasing authority. He called for an investigation into the board from Attorney General Xavier Becerra and he asked legislative leaders to respond to the audit by this month.
The plan does not eliminate the Board of Equalization. The tax board has a handful of responsibilities that are described in the state Constitution and removing them would require a ballot measure. One of its core responsibilities is ensuring the property taxes are collected fairly across the state.
But the board has grown significantly from its creation in 1879. A report from the Legislative Analyst's Office last week showed that it spends just $27 million out of its $670 million budget on programs that are required by the Constitution. It oversees dozens of tax and fee programs, from cannabis taxes to fire fees.
In the overhaul, the board would continue to have four members elected from geographic districts. They'd become advocates for taxpayers but lose their authority to investigate complaints.
Republican leaders and some taxpayer advocacy groups criticized the plan. They favor the board's current authority, which allows businesses to contest audits and other government decisions by appealing to elected members.
Each of the board members represent about 10 million Californians in four districts that tend to elect two Republicans and two Democrats. The state controller, elected statewide, is the fifth member.
Republican Board of Equalization member George Runner called Yee's proposal a “last minute budget power grab.”
“Unfortunately, many of the suggested BOE ‘reforms' are nothing but thinly disguised attacks on taxpayers' rights, including the right to meet with elected officials and the right to appeal taxes without the expense of going to court,” said Teresa Casazza, president of the California Taxpayers Association which has some of the state's largest corporate taxpayers on its board.
Yee's proposal also met resistance from one Democratic lawmaker who wanted lawmakers to take a different approach. Assemblyman Sebastian Ridley-Thomas, D-Los Angeles, submitted a bill that would largely leave the tax agency intact but monitor it with an inspector general.
He bristled at the inclusion of Yee's proposal in a budget bill that would go to a vote this week.
“In an attempt to rush drastic changes in must-pass legislation, the administration missed an opportunity to engage thorough public process. Taxpayers, local governments, employee organizations, and the fourth estate deserve better from the state of California,” Ridley Thomas said.
The Board of Equalization is the only elected state tax board in the country. It was created to address a perception that landowners in mining counties in the foothills had bribed assessors in the 19th century, shifting tax burdens to agricultural counties.
Good government commissions have called for its elimination since 1929, describing it as “duplicative” of other revenue-collecting departments and a host for inherent conflicts of interest because its elected members respond to complaints from business groups that may give them campaign contributions.
In recent years, news outlets including The Bee have revealed questionable donations that appeared to benefit elected members, campaign contributions that were bundled in a manner that disguised their volume and an expensive renovation of a board member's office that cost taxpayers $130,000.
“What we've seen is a picture of dysfunction,” Assembly Budget Chairman Phil Ting, D-San Francisco, said on Monday.
Other top Democrats quickly endorsed Yee's plan. Treasurer John Chiang, a former chairman of the Board of Equalization, said the changes were necessary in part because the tax agency had become “mired in self-inflicted chaos and scandal.”
Board of Equalization member Fiona Ma, who requested three outside audits into the agency, also said she supported the overhaul.
“It's time for fundamental reform at the BOE and that means no-nonsense transparency and accountability to the public,” she said.
2 Shares Share Tweet Share Share Email
According to a recent article in InformationWeek, the United States Air Force is moving forward in obtaining 2,200 PS3 systems to enhance its already 336 unit strong supercomputers. The PlayStation 3s will be used at the Air Force Research Laboratory's information directorate in Rome, N.Y. The Air Force also has no plans to drop this method, as moving to an alternative technology hardware would also cause duplication of costs associated with redeveloping the software, military systems, and applications already based on the existing Sony PS3 cluster. This will become increasingly relevant as the magnitude of applications and supporting hardware infrastructure likely will increase over time.
With respect to cell processors, a single 1U server configured with two 3.2GHz cell processors can cost up to $8K while two Sony PS3s cost approximately $600. Though a single 3.2 GHz cell processor can deliver over 200 GFLOPS, whereas the Sony PS3 configuration delivers approximately 150 GFLOPS, the approximately tenfold cost difference per GFLOP makes the Sony PS3 the only viable technology for HPC applications. Sony is the only firm capable of manufacturing the brand of required hardware without the Government experiencing substantial duplication of cost that would not be recoverable through competition among providers of alternative technology. Using cell processor technology besides the Sony PS3 would cost the Government the equivalent of several years of professional research and engineering effort.
Iris Canada, second from the right, fights eviction from her San Francisco apartment. (Photo: Bay City News)
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) – A 100-year-old woman was hospitalized Tuesday, a day before San Francisco sheriff's deputies were slated to evict her from her Western Addition apartment, according to housing rights advocates.
Iris Canada, who reportedly has lived in her apartment for more than 50 years, was taken to the hospital after she saw the sheriff's notice warning her that she would be locked out of her home.
Upon seeing the notice on Tuesday, Canada grew upset and left a voicemail for Peter Owens, one of the owners of her building, begging him not to evict her, according to advocates from the Housing Rights Committee of San Francisco.
Canada then fell ill and was taken to the emergency room, the advocates said.
“There is no doubt in my mind that learning she would have to leave her home triggered the attack,” Iris Merriouns, Canada's niece, said in a statement. “You can't uproot someone from a home they've had for decades and not expect that it will negatively impact their health. This eviction must be stopped.”
Canada turned 100 in July and has been in a lengthy legal battle with her landlords.
Last month, a San Francisco Superior Court judge granted the owners of the building at 670-Page St. the right to evict her after finding she had failed to pay court-ordered attorneys fees.
Canada was granted a lifetime estate to her apartment in 2005 while the rest of the units in the building underwent an Ellis Act eviction. However, the landlords moved to terminate that lifetime estate in 2014, alleging that Canada had been living with family members since 2012 and allowed the unit to fall into disrepair.
In April, the court found in the landlord's favor, ruling that Canada could stay in her apartment only if she accepted strict limits on her occupancy and paid the property owners' attorney's fees, which total more than $150,000.
An attorney for the property owners, Mark Chernev, said last month that the owners would drop the demand for legal fees and let Canada stay if she agrees to sign paperwork allowing the building to convert to condos, but she refused to sign the papers and asked the owners to sell her the unit at a discounted price.
© Copyright 2016 by CBS San Francisco and Bay City News Service. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On Feb. 9, 2012, I backed my first Kickstarter project—an old-school adventure video game known at the time as “Double Fine Adventure.” Although the “estimated delivery” of the game was originally October 2012, the campaign's runaway success led Tim Shafer and the team at Double Fine to dramatically expand the scope of their project. As a result, the first half of the game was not made available until January 2014, and the complete game was not fully delivered to me and the other 87,141 backers until April 26th. Of this year. 907 days late.
While I waited (and waited, and waited) for the game that would eventually become “Broken Age” to be released, I've become something of a Kickstarter addict. Here's a brief summary my activity on Kickstarter during the three years and two months between when I backed my first project and when it was finally fully delivered.
Backed 96 projects 77 funded (includes 1 withdrawn pledge, see below) 16 ended unsuccessfully 2 canceled by the project creator 1 suspended by Kickstarter (see below)
Created one project
Spent just under $6,000
Backed 33 projects at $1
Received 34 of the 37 rewards due by now
Waited an average of 117 days past the promised delivery for rewards
Least expensive reward: $1 for a chiptune album
Most expensive reward: $2,699 for a 3D printer
Over the course of the last three-plus years I've spent becoming addicted to Kickstarter, I've learned a few things…
Kickstarter is great, if you're careful
I've learned about tons of great video games, board games, gadgets, toys, books, and cool maker tech through Kickstarter that I would have likely never heard about and may not have even existed otherwise. Tons of awesome stuff has come out of Kickstarter, but the platform is definitely not without its risks. That said, so far I have had a 100% success rate at avoiding the scams, flops, and Kickstarter horror stories that tend to make headlines. Here are a few strategies to keep your Kickstarter experience positive.
Avoiding scams is easy
I've seen a few projects on Kickstarter over the last few years that I would call outright scams. Thankfully these are easy to spot if you know what to look for.
A great example of one such scam is the “anonabox,” which was suspended by Kickstarter after they “uncovered evidence that it broke Kickstarter's rules.” Shortly after I backed anonabox, a number of suspicious signs began to crop up: project photos that were re-used from other sources, conflicting background information about the project creator, and more. I dropped my pledge to $1 just so I could continue to get backer updates and a front-row seat for the inevitable carnage.
It's always good to keep tabs on a project' comments, since that's typically the first place that potential problems crop up. Just spend a little time browsing the comments on suspended, canceled, and never-delivered projects like anonabox, LUCI, or the CST-01 watch and you'll see what I mean.
The combination of Kickstarter not collecting pledges until the end of a campaign and backers being able to edit or completely withdraw their pledge any time before the campaign closes gives backers lots of time to vet a project before any money actually changes hands. It's worth noting that this is a safeguard that does not exist on “flexible funding” Indiegogo projects, which is probably why that site seems to be home to a lot more scams than Kickstarter.
Watch out for unrealistic goals
Some projects are not outright scams but have such unrealistically ambitious goals that there's basically zero chance that they'll really succeed in what they're setting out to accomplish, no matter how much successful their Kickstarter campaign is. Exhibit A: Ouya, the Android-powered home games console.
At launch, Ouya sounded very promising. They had a great team, the product looked good, everything seemed legit… I backed it on the first day. However, as the campaign progressed it became more and more obvious that their goals were a bit too lofty and their founders a bit too starry-eyed. I withdrew my pledge.
Ouya was eventually released, but the hardware was disappointing, the software was lacking, and the game selection was limited. The overall response from backers and the gaming community at large was a collective “meh.” Now Ouya is on the brink of bankruptcy and is hoping some other company might buy them out.
Spotting projects that are likely to “soft-fail” like Ouya is harder than recognizing the outright scams. A good axiom to keep in mind when considering any crowdfunding project is that “an extraordinary claim requires extraordinary proof.”
About those “estimated delivery” dates…
Even the most successful Kickstarter projects that deliver on all of their claims are rarely delivered by the “estimated delivery” dates given in the campaign. Of the 34 projects that I've backed at a level high enough to receive some reward, only six delivered their rewards on time or early.
Many of the worst offenders when it comes to delivering late are video games and tabletop games. The average tardiness of projects I've backed in those two categories is 198 days for video games and 146 days for tabletop games, while projects in Kickstarter's “technology” and “design” categories have only averaged 46 and 31 days late, respectively.
The moral of the story is don't expect the things you back on Kickstarter to be delivered on time, especially if it's a game.
Is there a Kickstarter bubble?
Late last year a cooler with a built-in bluetooth speaker and blender raised over $13 million to become the new king of Kickstarter. Just seven months later that record was blown out of the water by a sub-$200 smartwatch. In February an Internet meme card game raised over eight million. And let's not forget the guy who raised $55,000 for a potato salad. Has Kickstarter jumped the shark?
Only time will tell, but so far it seems like Kickstarter has done a good job managing the growth of their platform in a smart way. They've provided a good set of tools to allow the community to self-police projects and prevent a total bozo explosion. There will always be scams and flops to watch out for, but it looks like Kickstarter (and crowdfunding in general) will be a serious part of the fundraising ecosystem for the foreseeable future. And in my opinion, that's a good thing.
I'm playing through Broken Age and so far it's a great game. I'm glad to have had a small part in helping bring it to life, even though it took a lot longer than expected. Despite the long waits, I'll continue to happily back new and exciting games, gadgets, and more.
TORONTO, Aug 17 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Land rights campaigners have hailed a decision by Brazil's Supreme Court to rule against a state seeking compensation for land declared indigenous territory by the national government.
Mato Grosso, a central Brazilian state with a powerful agriculture industry and simmering land-related violence, said the national government had illegally given away state land to indigenous people.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled unanimously against Mato Grosso, ordering the western state to respect territory demarcation for indigenous people, in a case followed closely by land rights activists and Brazil's farm lobby.
“The lands were not owned by the state of Mato Grosso because they were traditionally occupied by indigenous peoples,” Supreme Court Justice Marco Aurélio Mello wrote in the ruling.
Mato Grosso sought about $2 billion reais ($635 million) in compensation from Brazil's authorities.
Litigation over demarcation of the land, including territory around the Xingu National Park, had been ongoing for more than twenty years.
A decision in the state's favor would have reverberated far beyond Mato Grosso, activists said, leading other state governments to try and weaken indigenous land rights.
“It is a very important victory for our people, our family that is there in Mato Grosso suffering and fighting for health and territory,” indigenous activist Adilio Benites told the Brazilian web portal G1 after the court's decision.
Mato Grosso was ordered to pay the federal government's legal bill of about 100,000 reais, local media reported.
About 13 percent of Brazil's land has been set aside for the country's 900,000 indigenous people based on the territories they historically occupied.
Brazil is the world's top exporter of coffee, sugar and soy and deadly conflicts over land between farmers and indigenous groups are common.
I love collecting weird bits of cultural ephemera on my international trips. One of the oddest and most entertaining things I picked up this year is the DVD set of the German version of Hogan's Heroes.
For those of you who weren't raised on a steady diet of junk TV and don't remember Hogan's Heroes, it was an American television program that ran from 1965 until 1971 and was rerun countless times throughout the Seventies and Eighties and still turns up today. It concerned the exploits of the inmates in a Nazi prisoner-of-war camp who engaged in espionage against the enemy, thus helping the Allies win the war. And it was a comedy.
I used to watch the show a lot as a kid. Which is weird when I think about it now. It wasn't like most of the other shows I enjoyed. There were no robots or spaceships or dinosaurs. But re-watching it now, I see how very dark and twisted it was. Maybe that's what I liked. It was also popular with the punk rock crowd I ran with. In fact, early recordings of the Zero Defex mock-German song Schweinhund Doggen opened with a short musical quotation from the Hogans' Heroes theme song. It was the only situation comedy in which people regularly got killed, other than M*A*S*H, which came along later. And, unlike M*A*S*H where people died from wounds received in battle, in Hogan's Heroes, the protagonists of the show often killed people, accompanied by a laugh track.
The fact that there is a German version of the show is astonishing. Because in the program the Germans are clearly the bad guys — although we do encounter a lot of Germans who are working in the resistance movement against the Nazis. But even the good Germans are played as broad stereotypes complete with lederhosen, sauerkraut and terrible accents. Plus plenty of references to Düsseldorf, since it is the funniest sounding city name in Germany.
Apparently the German dubbers had to eliminate a lot of the overt references to Nazi-ism that are verboten on German TV. When, for example, Colonel Klink raises his arm and says “Heil Hitler” in the original, the German version has him saying things like, “The corn flowers are growing this high.” Or that's what I've heard. I haven't seen that yet.
Anyway… the funniest part of just about any episode of Hogan's Heroes was when the bumbling Sergeant Schultz would enter the barracks and witness Hogan and his men clearly plotting some new act of espionage or sabotage. Schultz never wanted to get in trouble. And I often got a sense that he sympathized with the Allied cause. So whenever he'd see something he'd shout, “I know nothing! I see nothing!”
My friend Annette in Munich taught me how to say this in German. It's “Ich weiss nichts! Ich sehe nichts!”
As I was giving a talk in Salzburg, Austria last night it dawned on me that Ich weiss nichts — I know nothing— is kind of the essence of Buddhism. Sergeant Schultz was totally Zen!
Knowing nothing isn't the absence of knowing something. It's a different kind of knowing altogether.
Most of us know a whole lot about something. We know our age, our shoe size, our address, various facts about things we're interested in like old TV comedies and such. When it comes to trying to know the meaning of life or know what God is or is not, we approach it like we'd approach knowing something. We try to slice the meaning of life out of life and examine it like it's an object.
After you practice zazen for a while, it slowly begins to dawn on you that you actually don't know anything. The facts in your head can be useful for navigating your way through the world. But nothing you think you know ever stays in one place. It's always changing, always fluid.
But you also begin to appreciate that nothing underlies all of the something that you think you know. There is a nothingness at the center of everything. Every thought you have arises from nothingness. Every thing you encounter was once nothing and will someday return to nothing. Every thing is filled with nothingness. Even your own body and mind is more nothing than something.
Nothing is the place where we all meet each other. Our various opinions and beliefs and ideals and suchlike are all different. Yet when we encounter nothing, there is nothing we can disagree about. Nothing has no form or shape or color about which we could argue or debate. Nothing is what unites us.
In Zen practice we make our efforts to loosen our grasp on the various somethings we all cling to and plunge straight into nothing. When we meet each other in nothing we find that it is what holds all of our somethings — including ourselves — together. Nothing is what we are made of and what made us. Nothing is the one thing everyone has absolutely in common.
Between each thought of something is the thought of nothing. Dogen called this “the thought of non-thinking.” It is present in every moment, in every possibility.
But we can't relate to anything the way we relate to something. There is nothing in nothing to compare or contrast ourselves with.
What's even weirder about nothing is that it is alive. Life seems to not only be a function of somethings like us or like animals and plants and even the Earth itself. Life seems to be a function of nothing at all. Maybe it's the root of nothing.
Nothing isn't blank. Nothing is also everything. There is no difference between nothing and something. There's an old Zen story in which a teacher demonstrates how to grasp nothing by twisting his student's nose. But as long as we insist on only relating to something, we'll be out of balance. As long as we fail to acknowledge nothing, we'll be mistaken about everything.
Sergeant Zen Master Schultz, I salute you!
UPCOMING EVENTS
October 18, 19, 20, 2016 Salzburg, Austria, 1-Day-Retreats and talks
October 23-28, 2016 Benediktushof Meditation Centrum (near Würzburg, Germany) 5-Day Retreat
November 11-13, 2016 Mt. Baldy, California (near Los Angeles) Three Day Retreat
* * *
THERE IS NO GOD AND HE IS ALWAYS WITH YOU is now available as an audiobook from Audible.com as are Hardcore Zen and Sit Down and Shut Up!
* * *
Check out my podcast with Pirooz Kalayeh, ONCE AGAIN ZEN!
* * *
I've got a new book out now! Stay up to date on my live appearances and more by signing up for our mailing list on the contact page!
ONGOING EVENTS
Every Monday at 7:30pm there's zazen at Angel City Zen Center (NEW TIME, NEW PLACE!) 1407 West 2nd Street, Los Angeles, CA, 90026 Beginners only!
Every Saturday at 10:00 am there's zazen at the Angel City Zen Center (NEW PLACE!) 1407 West 2nd Street, Los Angeles, CA, 90026 Beginners only!
These on-going events happen every week even if I am away from Los Angeles. Plenty more info is available on the Dogen Sangha Los Angeles website, dsla.info
* * *
If I was Sgt. Schultz describing what I earn most of the year I'd say, “I earn nothing! NOTHING!” A donation to this blog can help! Thank you for your support.
Shalesa has the kind of beauty that comes effortlessly. She's got long dark hair, big brown eyes and a smile that draws people in.
"People tell me all the time that I'm too pretty to be out here doing this," she says during one of her nights out working Orange Blossom Trail. "But if that was true, I wouldn't be here."
As we walk through one of the most dangerous Orlando neighborhoods in the middle of the night, she makes jokes and tells me about the area.
In another life, her warmth and easy beauty might have crowned her homecoming queen or made her a PTA president, but here on Orange Blossom Trail, they serve another purpose. They bring in clients – strange men looking for sex.
On this night, Shalesa looks tired, but not the kind of tired you'd think – it's the look of a woman who's had a long night, and nothing more. Her exhaustion doesn't betray her 10-year addiction to crack cocaine, or the fact that she sells her body at night. When asked whether she's high, she smiles slightly and replies, "No, but I will be soon enough."
For the last seven years, Orlando's roughly seven-mile section of U.S. Highway 441 – aka Orange Blossom Trail or simply the Trail or OBT – has fueled her addiction. The 900-mile roadway, which you can follow from Rocky Top, Tennessee, all the way down to Miami, takes a decidedly seedy turn on its pass through Orlando, where it's known as a place where you can find a handful of strip clubs, cut-rate motels, prostitutes and drugs. For Shalesa, it has provided easy access to her drug of choice, as well as a consistent flow of clients happy to provide quick cash in exchange for sex. Shalesa's world revolves around a dilapidated crack house just one block off the main drag. The house offers a reliable source of drugs as well as a place to bring clients.
Orange Blossom Trail has a long, turbulent history with prostitution and the sex trade. At its peak in the late '70s, OBT was flooded with adult-entertainment businesses. Back then, the laws were lenient and enforcement sparse, but by the end of the decade, things were beginning to change. The county shut down peep shows and passed a law limiting nudity at clubs. Enforcement on the Trail increased, and massage parlors that were open late into the evening suddenly found themselves heavily scrutinized by police.
As a result of the crackdowns, many businesses moved away or closed their doors, but the sex trade never left the Trail. Instead, it went underground, swapping storefront windows for the streets and the Internet – places much harder for police to patrol. Whether it's for sex or drugs, OBT is still widely known as the easiest place to get your fix. According to the Orlando Police Department, as many as 75 percent of the prostitution arrests in Orange County are made along Orange Blossom Trail. And the street is often named in conjunction with busts made for human trafficking, drug dealing and the sex trade.
click to enlarge Benjamin Tyler
When Shalesa first arrived to the Trail as a 20-year-old, she fell in love with the place. It offered a fast-paced lifestyle where she lived her life minute-to-minute rather than month-to-month, like most people. "You would literally have had to beat me, drag me, bludgeon me or kill me to get me off the Trail," she says. "It was fun. I was free."
It didn't take long for her dream to turn into a nightmare. She became addicted to crack, which has taken full control of her life. She smokes not to party, but just to keep herself going. "I have to smoke to function," she says. "It's not a matter of getting high. It's not fun anymore."
To fuel her habit, she sells sex. As a result of her profession, she lives in constant threat of physical abuse and rape. "I've been raped at gunpoint, raped and left completely nude in the middle of OBT," she says. "I had a guy hit me in the face with a pistol last night."
Like many women who work the Trail, Shalesa says she feels trapped. "The only way out of here is to die or go to prison," she says.
Shalesa came to the Trail by choice, but many girls find themselves on OBT under entirely different circumstances. In December 2014, Orange Blossom Trail made headlines when three men and a woman were sentenced in a case involving underage sex trafficking. According to reports, a 14-year-old victim, known only as G.E., was coerced into prostitution. Sexually suggestive pictures of G.E. were taken and posted on prostitution websites, and she was forced to have sex with men in a local motel and walk the streets of OBT looking for "tricks." She was paid in drugs and threatened with force if she tried to escape.
Sadly, G.E.'s story is not uncommon in this state. According to 2014 statistics from the National Human Trafficking Hotline, Florida ranks third in the number of reports of human trafficking in the United States. While the hotline takes calls for both sex and labor trafficking, the overwhelming majority of the reports received in 2014 were for sex trafficking, and nearly half of the reports involved a minor.
In 2012, the U.S. Department of Justice published a report titled "A National Overview of Sex Trafficking Demand Reduction Efforts." The 245-page report can be neatly summarized by a quote from former Florida State Representative George Sheldon: "If there were no customers there would be no sellers," he said. "It is not much of a deterrent if the customer is not going to be prosecuted." The report focuses on tactics like reverse stings, where buyers are targeted and not sellers, and "John Schools," where convicted buyers are required to attend a class about the victimization of women and STDs, among other things.
Somehow with all the research and data telling us to go after the buyer and not the seller, though, we're often doing just the opposite. On a national level, 70 percent of arrests made for prostitution are female prostitutes, while only 20 percent are pimps or male prostitutes. A staggeringly low 10 percent of arrests are of consumers of prostitution.
The Orlando arrest statistics mirror national statistics, and prostitutes here have a much higher chance of getting arrested than their clients do. Shalesa herself had been picked up numerous times on prostitution charges.
Sgt. Dave Allmond, the Orlando Police Department's Human Trafficking Task Force supervisor, explains that the constantly changing flow of johns brought to Orlando by tourism makes it harder to track regular prostitution consumers. "We have to go after the worst offenders," he says. "We have to show them that it isn't the Wild West out there."
Orlando, however, is becoming surprisingly progressive in the fight against sexual exploitation. In 2013 the Greater Orlando Human Trafficking Task Force was created to attack sex trafficking with a comprehensive approach by coordinating the efforts of various agencies and organizations. While the task force is still less than two years old, it's a program that's already being emulated in other communities.
Annie Seay, director of community development for the task force, says that her goal is to work herself out of a job, but she realizes that's no easy task. "[Trafficking] is a complex problem without an easy solution," she says. While a focus on demand has proven successful in reducing trafficking and prostitution, it doesn't address many of the underlying social issues for those who are sucked into the life – homelessness, addiction and abuse. The task force was organized to fight sex trafficking from all angles, and according to Seay, education is a large part of the equation. Many people simply don't realize that sex trafficking and prostitution is as big a problem here as it has become, because most of it happens out of sight.
"Yes, this is happening here in your community," she says. "Educate yourself, talk to your children, don't be afraid to report anything that looks suspicious, and get involved in the fight against modern-day slavery."
When Shalesa is asked about how she views herself, she says she doesn't think of herself as a victim. She takes full responsibility for her situation, and nobody has forced her to be here. During multiple interviews for this story, she says she blames no one else for her life choices. However, it doesn't seem like the system is designed to help her find her way out. When asked what she would do if she were to finally get out of drugs and the sex trade, she says she'd like to help other victims. She lists a litany of services she'd try to help other women get access to, including housing, drug rehab, education, counseling. As she talks about the things other women might need to help themselves, it becomes clear that these are the same things that Shalesa can't seem to find for herself.
click to enlarge Benjamin Tyler
Shalesa was initially interviewed for this story more than six months ago. One day when I called her, I discovered that her phone was disconnected. Her social media account went dormant. I wondered if Shalesa had been put in prison, or worse, if she'd been murdered or overdosed. Though Shalesa says she didn't see herself as a victim, I certainly saw her as one.
About a month ago, though, she suddenly resurfaced on social media, and when I contacted her, she told me that she had finally managed to get off the Trail. She has since left Florida and is now in Louisiana, trying to start over.
For the first time in a long time, she says, she is clean and sober. Without the steady supply of drugs to her system, Shalesa's face has filled in and she looks healthier. She's been through rehab twice before, she says, and relapsed both times. Maybe this time will be different.
But even if it is, there's another Shalesa on Orange Blossom Trail – there are many of them, in fact. In early 2015, a survey from the state Department of Children and Families revealed that 28 percent of all Florida child human-trafficking victims were located in the Central Florida area, and that calls to the state-run human trafficking hotline have doubled since 2010.
Some of the increase is due to increased awareness of the problem. In 2014 Gov. Rick Scott signed a bill into law that increases prosecution of perpetrators of human trafficking and (just as important) provides better services for those who manage to escape it.
When I drove by recently, I noticed that the crack house where Shalesa once spent much of her time was now vacant. It had been repainted and a "For Rent" sign hung out front, next to another sign that read, "Under New Management" – perhaps an effort to distance the house from its once nefarious past. But the disappearance of one crack house and Shalesa's recovery shouldn't be interpreted as a cleaner or safer OBT – rather they should be seen as representing the transient nature of drugs and prostitution that make them so hard to fight.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
“Tinted meatball” Donald Trump attacked the Vietnam service of Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) at a social conservative confab in Iowa on Saturday, boasting that the 2008 Republican presidential nominee was only considered a war hero “because he was captured.”
“I like people that weren't captured, okay?,” he told moderator Frank Luntz.
Watch:
Here is the clip of Trump's pathetic comment on John McCain. pic.twitter.com/nGwxriq390 — Austin Barbour (@Austin_Barbour) July 18, 2015
Trump, who missed the Vietnam War after getting a series of student and medical deferments, has now left an opening for the Republican presidential candidates who trail him in the polls (which is most of them) to get a few clean jabs in. But it's not as simple as it sounds. McCain is not a popular figure among conservative activists, and the entire appeal of Trump is that he says things like this about people that conservative activists don't like. (It certainly wouldn't be the first time conservative voters overlooked a gratuitous shot at a candidate's war record because they didn't like his politics.)
True to form, the audience in Iowa ate it up:
Trump leaves stage to standing ovation. — Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) July 18, 2015
Update: Now the backlash from Trump's fellow contenders is pouring in. Here's Jeb Bush:
Enough with the slanderous attacks. @SenJohnMcCain and all our veterans – particularly POWs have earned our respect and admiration. — Jeb Bush (@JebBush) July 18, 2015
And longtime McCain bestie Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.):
The Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) has reported that the Turkish military fired on targets in Kobane in northern Syria.
The YPG press office said that the Turkish army shelled the village of Carikli on Tuesday morning. It also announced that Turkish shells hit an area to the west of Tal Abyad earlier in the morning.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu has previously warned that YPG forces could come under attack if they strayed out of a designated area.
"We have said, 'The PYD will not pass to the west of the Euphrates. We'll hit them if they do,” Davutgolu told reporters in October.
“And we did hit them twice,” he said, referring to an earlier shelling of the outskirts of Tal Abyad by the military.
The YPG has accused Turkey of being more concerned with targeting Kurdish groups than dealing with the Islamic State (IS), which has in recent months been purportedly responsible for a series of bomb attacks in Turkey.
“Instead of targeting ISIS [IS] terrorist occupied positions, Turkish forces attack our defenders' positions,” the YPG said in July.
“We urge [the] Turkish leadership to halt this aggression and to follow international guidelines. We are telling the Turkish army to stop shooting at our fighters and their positions.”
The attack comes as the YPG, as part of the Kurdish-Arab Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance, is advancing on the town of Hawl in Hasakah province, a strategic point to capture as it would help severe the link between the two major IS strongholds of Raqqa and Mosul in Iraq.
“The SDF Campaign is important to all people in the region,” said Abdul-Hakam Hassan, an Arab member of the SDF, quoted by the YPG press office.
“The object of this operation is to free the local people from the intimidation of the terrorists, and the operation shows the reputation of the Syrian Democratic Forces to the population as legitimate, well-prepared and disciplined forces which have the will and ability to undermine terrorism and together build up a free and democratic society.”
The YPG has recently faced accusations of collective punishment and ethnic cleansing against the northern Syrian Arab population, after YPG forces prevented Arab civilians from returning to their homes following the defeat of IS in their villages.
“In its fight against IS, the Autonomous Administration appears to be trampling all over the rights of civilians who are caught in the middle," Amnesty's senior crisis adviser Lama Fakih has warned.
YPG spokespeople have strongly denied the allegations, saying that their allegiance to the SDF proved their opposition to ethnic sectarianism and claimed that accusations of village clearences were exaggerated.
"Now, let me be clear; we have liberated some 1,500 Arab villages," said Sipan Hemo, General Commander of the YPG, in an interview with Kurdish journalist Mutlu Civiroglu in October.
"Some of these villages became war zones between us and ISIS. Battles took days in some villages. I am not saying there has been no harm to those villages. But they are not more than four or five villages. We have 1,500 Arab villages liberated and people in them live in peace now. If it was true, why are these 1,500 villages still standing?"
On Tuesday, the YPG released a video appearing to show Arab locals thanking them for liberating their villages from IS.
"Thank God, we are glad you've come. Welcome,” says an old woman standing outside her house.
Another old man shows one of the fighters the ID card of his son who died in the fighting. The fighter says, "God bless him."
Speaking to the pro-Kurdish Firat News Agency (ANF), Kurdish SDF spokesperson Colonel Talal Ali Selo said that SDF forces were “as close to 3km to Hawl now” and said securing the town would enable them to “block and stop all these supplies which ISIS distributes to across all the other areas in Syria”.
Selo said that so far the SDF had captured 46 villages and “dozens” of hamlets from IS as they advanced on Hawl.
He added however that, for safety reasons, locals should not yet return to villages captured by the SDF.
“Despite the clearance of ISIS from the area, villages do not lend themselves to be safe for the people now because gangs have left many explosives and booby traps behind,” he said.
“We do not think they should turn back for a while more."
In one of its largest efforts at land assemblage since Ikea, the Cortex Innovation Community is seeing the demolition of eleven contiguous parcels between Clayton Avenue and Highway 40 (I-64) west of Sarah Street.
The buyer has not yet been identified, but demolition began this week. Nine parcels are affected from 4100 to 4200 Clayton Avenue, as well as the two parcels at 4101 and 4123 Sarpy Avenue, both facing the interstate.
This location most recently was the site of St. Louis Metallizing, which closed quietly last fall, liquidating its equipment and supplies. St. Louis Metallizing was a pioneer in the development of industrial surface coatings, supporting aircraft manufacturing, power generation and the oil and gas industries.
The company was an authorized FAA repair station. That business has been acquired by American Roller and Plasma Coatings Group of Union Grove, Wisconsin.
The utilitarian, industrial structures along Clayton and Sarpy were constructed between 1939 and 1990. All ten buildings on the site are being demolished. No plans for the site have been revealed.
Early schematic plans, now several years old, showed office buildings surrounding a parking structure at the site. Development at Cortex has varied from these plans significantly over time.
The site lies near the heart of the Cortex district. Cortex is a 200 acre innovation and technology district that houses hundreds of companies including Square, Aisle 411, Bonfyre, Pandora, Uber, Cofactor Genomics, Dupont and Ikea, as well as the Cambridge Innovation Center's [email protected] and Wexford Science & Technology's @4240. TechShop will open this summer.
The district is in the early stages of planning for a boutique hotel and mixed-use residential, and funding has been secured for a MetroLink light rail station between Boyle and Sarah. Cortex and the Lawrence Group recently announced plans for a $232 million Cortex East on the former site of Federal-Mogul, across. Vandeventer and outside the boundaries of the Cortex district. Images there show historic renovation as well as contemporary infill.
The purchase price for the properties along Clayton and Sarpy has not been disclosed. The combined size of the parcels is approximately 3.5 acres. In 2014, Wexford bought the 7 acre site of U.S. Metals & Supply one block to the north for $4.2 million.
While no new development within Cortex has been announced since the building that will be home to TechShop and pharmaceutical company AAIPharma Services Corp., which will rebrand as Alcami, a conceptual image of Silo Lofts and development east of 4260 have emerged.
By Dan Merica, CNN
Follow @DanMericaCNN
Washington (CNN) - The religiously unaffiliated - the "nones" - have noticed their ranks are growing. And at a meeting Saturday, a group of leaders will look to turn those swelling numbers into workable political and cultural power.
It's one of the top priorities of the eighth annual Heads Meeting, which will be held in Atlanta. Some of the nation's most influential leaders, representing various organizations, will convene to chart a path forward and discuss the most important issues facing "nones" today.
“It is not enough that we are growing in numbers,” said Roy Speckhardt, executive director of the American Humanist Association. “We have got to find a way to bring those numbers to bear in an organized fashion so that people will take us seriously.”
A number of studies have found that religious “nones” - people who either don't believe in God or do not affiliate with a religion - are increasing rapidly in the United States. A 2012 Pew study, for example, found this faction to be the fastest-growing "religious" group in America and determined that one in five Americans now identify with no religion.
These numbers have emboldened atheists, humanists, agnostics and other secular Americans, many of whom have long expressed a desire for more political power.
In particular, they point to the fact that they are widely underrepresented in the halls of the highest U.S. legislative body. Though 20% of the population classifies themselves as “none,” according to Pew, only one member of Congress, Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona, identifies as such.
Speckhardt said it'll take presenting “viewpoints in an organized way” to see change.
Dale McGowan, executive director of Foundation Beyond Belief and one of the Atlanta meeting's hosts, said building awareness through community engagement will be a key topic of discussion.
“Part of it is trying to consolidate that cultural presence,” McGowan said. “That has something to do with politics, but it is also more generally cultural.”
Much as churches and synagogues foster and nurture communities, McGowan said he thinks atheists can do the same to gain clout and broader acceptance.
But the meeting is more than just a forum for "none" leaders to outline their plans going forward. It is also a way for these leaders to meet face to face and discuss differences that they may have with one another.
According to McGowan, finding ways to work together was the original goal when the meeting was first held in 2005.
For years, McGowan said, “These groups operated separately from each other and sometimes at odds with each other. There was a realization that we should meet once a year and come together on the goals that we have in common.”
Other leaders echoed this viewpoint.
“One of the biggest benefits of these meetings is that it is human interaction,” Speckhardt said. “You get people face to face, and you dispel these negative ideas. You realize that we are all endeavoring toward very similar goals and that we can cooperate to make them happen.”
But while the leaders stress the need for cohesion, they also have long highlighted, even celebrated, diversity of opinion in their movement. This diversity has, at times, caused friction.
For example, the Christmas season revealed a growing rift among American atheists. Some activists want to seize the holidays to build bridges with faith groups, while other active unbelievers increasingly see Christmas as central to confronting religion.
“We certainly do disagree,” said David Silverman, president of American Atheists. “But we are on the same side. What we have to do is sit down at the table and say, ‘You are going to do your thing, and I am going to do my thing.' ”
McGowan called cohesiveness “really the central challenge” for people who thrive on independence. “This is a group of people accustomed to taking a critical approach to things, and that means not just letting differences slide and saying, ‘Hey, these differences matter.' ”
Other attendees in Atlanta will include Ron Lindsay, president of the Center for Inquiry, and Margaret Downey, founder and president of the Freethought Society, according to Silverman.
Story highlights "Johnny Depp is a rock star in the world of movies," Aerosmith's Steven Tyler says
"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1" wins movie of the year
"The Hunger Games" claims four acting awards
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" takes the best cast trophy
Johnny Depp brought the biggest star power to the MTV Movie Awards on Sunday, taking the stage to play guitar while he was honored for his acting career.
Aerosmith's Joe Perry and Stephen Tyler presented the MTV Generation Award to Depp, while The Black Keys played a song with Depp on guitar.
"Johnny Depp is a rock star in the world of movies," Tyler said.
Perry called him "a gutsy actor, a gutsy musician, a gutsy artist with passion."
"He's legitimately great on guitar," Black Keys' lead singer-guitarist Dan Auerbach told CNN backstage after the performance.
JUST WATCHED Focus on fashion at the MTV Movie Awards Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Focus on fashion at the MTV Movie Awards 01:48
Otherwise, the two-hour telecast was filled with penis one-liners and sight gags interrupted occasionally with the presentation of gold-plated popcorn box trophies for achievements including "best on-screen dirt bag."
Host Russell Brand set the mood with an opening monologue that included no less than four jokes about the male reproductive organ. The person in charge of censoring foul language was kept busy through the show.
"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1" won the highest honor, movie of the year, in the fan voting that continued online even as the show was underway.
"Twilight" stars Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart won for best kiss, an honor they received for the previous installment as well.
"Thanks, you guys, for giving us best kiss again," Stewart said.
"The Hunger Games" claimed four acting awards, including the best male and female performances for Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence, respectively. The pair also won for "best on-screen fight."
"Hunger Games" actress Elizabeth Banks was voted the best on-screen transformation for her portrayal of District 12 escort Effie Trinket.
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" took the best cast trophy.
"Bridesmaid" star Melissa McCarthy won for best comedic performance. She and her ensemble of castmates were honored for "best gut-wrenching performance," for the food poisoning in the dressing room scene.
MTV's breakthrough performance award went to actress Shailene Woodley for her role in "The Descendants," George Clooney's Oscar-nominated film.
"Right now, I have no idea what's going on," Woodley said backstage. It would take time to digest the significance of her new gold popcorn trophy, she said.
A seemingly sober Charlie Sheen paid tribute to "Project X," declaring it an instant cult classic. It had all the ingredients of a party movie: Beer, babes, more beer and destruction, he said.
"Finally a movie that captures what's going on in my head 24 hours a day," Sheen said.
Jennifer Aniston gloated over winning for "best on-screen dirt bag" for her role in "Horrible Bosses."
"Do you know how long I've tried to have someone let me unleash my on-screen dirtbag?" she said in her acceptance speech.
During a more serious part of the show, actress Emma Stone was brought to tears after she accepted the MTV Trailblazer Award. It is a recognition of her unusual path to stardom.
She told her teenaged fans to harness their own originality. "A lot of times, it's what makes you great," Stone said.
The best music trophy was handed to LMFAO for "Party Rock Anthem," heard in "21 Jump Street."
Buy Photo Former Spring Valley Mayor Noramie Jasmin outside U.S. District Court in White Plains after being indicted on federal corruption charges April 2013. (Photo: Mark Vergari/The Journal News)Buy Photo
Former Spring Valley Mayor Noramie Jasmin thinks she has a better shot at beating the federal corruption charges against her by leaving it up to a judge — and skipping the jury.
Jasmin, 51, is asking U.S. District Judge Kenneth Karas to presided over a non-jury trial when she is tried on federal mail fraud and other charges, according to papers filed Monday in federal court in White Plains.
"I understand that a jury of twelve would be required to vote unanimously to convict upon any charge contained in the indictment," Jasmin said in a signed affidavit. "However, I believe that factual issues in this case and resolution of contested testimony which will likely be adduced at trial would be better understood and determined by this court."
Jasmin was charged as part of a wider corruption sweep in April 1, 2013.
She was charged with attempting to sell off her political clout for a stake in a real estate development deal. She agreed to push the village to award the project to developer Moses "Mark" Stern in exchange for a 50 percent share of the development. Stern was cooperating with the FBI.
The Journal News reported Friday that Jasmin also asked Stern to use his clout to "bury" 60 absentee ballots in the 2011 village election to ensure her "preferred" candidates would win, prosecutors claim in court papers. While Jasmin was never charged with election fraud prosecutors want to use it as evidence at her trial.
The former mayor, a Democrat, wants that to be a "bench" trial, or a trial decided by the judge.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-426-6388. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Defendants in federal, state and local courts are allowed to waive a jury trial and have the case be heard by a judge. In federal court it requires three parties —the defendant, the prosecution and the judge — to sign off.
Jasmin's attorney, Benjamin Ostrer, said in his letter to Karas that the U.S. Attorney's Office has already agreed.
"This application has been reviewed with the government and I have been informed by (Assistant U.S. Attorney) Doug Bloom that the government consents to this request," Ostrer wrote to the judge.
Jasmin's former deputy mayor, Joseph Desmaret, was also charged with being part of the bribery scheme. Desmaret pleaded guilty Jan. 29, 2014 and admitted accepting $10,500 in bribes. He faces up to 9 years in prison.
Twitter: @jfitzgibbon
Read or Share this story: http://lohud.us/1GkERno
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
IT IS not yet clear exactly who won the election on May 9th in North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW), Germany's most populous state, but it is clear who lost: the two parties that govern both the state and Germany, the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Free Democratic Party (FDP), and their leaders. Foremost among the losers are Angela Merkel, Germany's chancellor and head of the CDU, as well as her foreign minister, Guido Westerwelle, who leads the FDP. Mr Westerwelle called the election results a “warning shot” to the governing parties. That is an understatement.
A majority of NRW voters said the decision to bail out Greece, approved by the Bundestag two days before the election, influenced their decision. Though voters went to the polls before European finance ministers and the IMF unveiled a €750 billion ($965 billion) to ease fears of contagion from Greece's solvency crisis, it is unlikely that Germans will be delighted with that either.
Both the CDU and the opposition Social Democratic Party (SPD) won a bit more than 34% of the vote. Although the CDU apparently finished in front by a tiny margin this is in fact a disastrous setback for the party and for the state's premier, Jürgen Rüttgers. The CDU lost ten percentage points of the vote since the last election in 2005. Its partnership with the FDP in the state will now be dissolved.
This will be seen as the beginning of a comeback for the SPD, which suffered its worst post-war defeat in last September's federal elections. But it is also further evidence of a long-term decline in support for both of the big-tent Volksparteien: the SPD outperformed expectations, but still won its lowest share of the vote in NRW since 1954. For two smaller parties the results are an unalloyed triumph (see graphic, below): the Green Party, which doubled its share of the vote, and the ex-communist Left Party, which enters NRW's legislature for the first time (and complicates the arithmetic of coalition building).
Several coalitions are now thinkable, any one of which would reverberate beyond NRW. The most difficult decision may face the SPD's leader, Hannelore Kraft. Her preferred alliance—with the Greens—has apparently fallen short of a majority. She might now have to choose between joining a “grand coalition” with the CDU, possibly as a junior partner, or bringing the Left Party into the government of a western state for the first time to top up its alliance with the Greens.
This would be risky. The Left Party is a reasonable governing partner in eastern Germany, where it has participated in several coalitions, including the current one in Berlin. But in NRW the party is a ramshackle grouping that includes professed communists. It is not clear whether a partnership with the SPD and the Greens would make the Left Party more respectable or sully the reputation of the other two. Another possible alliance would be an exotic three-party ménage consisting of the SPD, Greens and the FDP, but this looks unlikely.
Whatever coalition eventually emerges in NRW, the results are a severe blow for Mrs Merkel. Her CDU-FDP coalition will lose its majority in the Bundesrat, the upper house of the legislature. Any legislation that affects the states can now be blocked by the opposition. Worse than that, the NRW election discredits the course Mrs Merkel has set since winning a second term last September and inviting the FDP to be her governing partner.
It soon became apparent that the two parties had less in common than they had proclaimed. The FDP's top priority was to cut taxes, but voters found the idea laughable in light of the government's record deficit; the CDU was hardly less sceptical. The FDP proposed embarking on a radical reform of health-care financing, which proved unpopular both within the coalition and on the streets. Mr Westerwelle touched off a divisive debate about welfare, which many thought unbecoming the country's chief diplomat. Mrs Merkel appeared to be putting off the government's most difficult decisions until after the NRW election. As a result, voters had no clear idea where she proposed to lead the country.
And now leadership will become more difficult. Mrs Merkel must now negotiate a new framework for managing the euro without further angering an electorate already resentful at having to aid irresponsible neighbours and fearful for the currency's stability. Falling tax revenues and a new balanced-budget amendment to the constitution mean that rather than offering tax relief Mrs Merkel will have to preside over unpopular spending cuts. A consensus-loving tactician, Mrs Merkel has done too little to prepare Germans for tough decisions. It will not be easier if Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble, who was hospitalised during a crisis meeting on the euro in Brussels, is not at full strength.
Mr Westerwelle is also in trouble. The FDP, which won a record 14.6% of the vote in the federal election, managed less than half that in NRW. His pugnacious behaviour, which served him well in opposition, looks inappropriate in office. He may eventually face a challenge to his leadership of the FDP.
Mrs Merkel is also looking politically mortal for the first time. A latecomer to politics from eastern Germany and to the CDU, she has always been more popular with voters than in her own party. As the CDU's biggest electoral asset she had little trouble keeping rivals in line. Now that the party has performed so badly in Germany's most important state, Mrs Merkel will have to regain its confidence while she struggles to restore a sense of direction to her government.
(Getty)
In 2003, MetroCards replaced tokens, and while we may look back fondly upon those little coins now, according to a farewell post in the NY Times "few people will notice" their absence, and "fewer will care." Except, that is, for the token suckers.
The criminal carefully jams the token slot with a matchbook or a gum wrapper and waits for a would-be rider to plunk a token down. The token plunker bangs against the locked turnstile and walks away in frustration. Then from the shadows, the token sucker appears like a vampire, quickly sealing his lips over the token slot, inhaling powerfully and producing his prize: a $1.50 token, hard earned and obviously badly needed." Even among officers who had seen it all, it was widely considered the most disgusting nonviolent crime ever to visit the subway. ''These guys had a lot of various diseases,'' he said. ''You name it, they had it. You don't last too long in that line of work.''
Some inhalers were even sucking up $50 worth of tokens a day. In 1983, the Transit Authority's Hugh Dunne told the Times, ''I may hear one or two calls about it a day on the police radio. But it is not one of our great revenue problems. A far bigger problem is people walking through the slam gates.'' He also warned, 'It is unhealthy. I frankly couldn't think of anything more downright unhealthy."
Some subway station clerks even sprinkled chili powder into the token slots to stop the act... but "the kids came back with buckets of water, threw the water on the turnstiles and then threw the rest at the token clerk."
And then there were the trolls...
During a typical summer week, repair crews were sent on 1,779 calls to fix turnstiles in a system that had 2,897 turnstiles in all. More than 60 percent of the calls involved paper stuffed into the token slots. (A related subway crime involved people who disabled the turnstiles and charged riders cut-rate fees to enter through the gates, to which they had stolen keys. These criminals, somewhat higher on the social ladder than token suckers, were known affectionately as trolls.)
When the MetroCard is retired in 2022, it won't depart with anything close to such a disgusting story. [h/t Reddit]
US Navy officials confirmed reports according to which the US had sent warships to block an Iranian arms shipment to Yemen rebels currently fighting a proxy-war with US and Saudi backed regime forces.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The official, who spoke to the Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the record, said that the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt was steaming toward the waters off Yemen to join other American ships prepared to intercept any Iranian vessels carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
Photo: EPA
Reuters reported two warships were sent to conduct "maritime security operation". The Navy has been beefing up its presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea amid reports that a convoy of Iranian ships may be headed toward Yemen to arm the Houthis.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest would not comment specifically on any Navy movements in Yemeni waters, but said the US has concerns about Iran's "continued support for the Houthis.
"We have seen evidence that the Iranians are supplying weapons and other armed support to the Houthis in Yemen. That support will only contribute to greater violence in that country. These are exactly the kind of destabilizing activities that we have in mind when we raise concerns about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East."
He said "the Iranians are acutely aware of our concerns for their continued support of the Houthis by sending them large shipments of weapons."
The Houthis are battling government-backed fighters in an effort to take control of the country.
Pro-regime forces in Yemen (Photo: EPA)
There are about nine US ships in the region, including cruisers and destroyers carrying teams that can board and search other vessels. This is not the first report of the US working to stop Iranian arms from reaching war-torn Yemen.
Last week the Wall Street Journal reported that US forces aboard the USS Sterett boarded a Panamanian freighter suspected of delivering Iranian weapons to Houthi rebels.
The search, conducted on April 1, came up empty and marked the first US Navy's boarding operation in a growing effort to ensure Iran does not supply the Houthi fighters with surface-to-air missiles that could be a game-changer in the fighting and threaten the Saudi-led airstrikes against the Houthis.
The US has been helping Saudi Arabia with intelligence information and recently announced it would expand its assistance to help optimize airstrikes in Yemen and reduce adverse impacts on civilians.
The airstrikes began two weeks ago after Houthi rebels forced US-backed President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to flee the country. The rebels have taken over the capitol of Yemen and flooded much of the country.
US and Saudi officials have said that Iran has been providing arms, weapons, funding and training for the Houthi rebels for years, according to the WSJ report. Iran has denied the claims.
Max Scherzer (left) and Stephen Strasburg are among the candidates for an opening day start. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
VIERA, Fla. — Before we get to the debate at hand, let's remember how far this has come. In 2007, the Washington Nationals had no choice but to name right-hander John Patterson as their Opening Day starter, even though his career record to that point was 17-20, his ERA 4.09. Forget that. Such was the come-one-come-all nature of the club that Patterson was the obvious selection – and he would go 1-5 with a 7.47 ERA before winding up on the disabled list, never to pitch in the majors again.
How does a franchise get to that point? The others in camp that spring were the tired, the poor, the injured, the might-have-been and the never-weres — Jerome Williams and Tim Redding, Shawn Hill and Matt Chico, Chris Michalak and Jason Simontacchi, Mike Bacsik and Levale Speigner. What a spring.
So remember that, as we debate who should start the 2015 opener for the Nats. Tanner Roark can't crack this year's starting five. He went 15-10 with a 2.85 ERA last year. Back then, he would have been the unquestioned ace.
It is the time of spring when teams start naming their Opening Day starters, then lining up the rotation behind them. The Nationals have not done so, nor have they given any indication when they might.
“For me, it's the fact that we have five guys that can beat another team on any given day, and that's all I'm concerned about,” Manager Matt Williams said earlier this week. “How they line up is irrelevant, really, once you get past the first rotation anyway. But it's an honor for the guy that gets chosen to do it.”
What Williams says about those five guys is true, because Stephen Strasburg, Jordan Zimmermann, Doug Fister, Gio Gonzalez and newcomer Max Scherzer each has a season in which he has won at least 15 games, each has a season in which his ERA was 3.00 or below.
This ain't 2007.
Here are two facts: First, count backwards from the Nationals' April 6 opener against the Mets, and Strasburg would get the nod. He started Tuesday, and if they simply ran him out there every fifth day between then and the opener, it would be his turn.
But the other fact: The Nationals have three off days between now and then, two in the week leading up to their first game, and another on the day after the opener. They have tons of wiggle room – which is one reason, even as other teams declare who will start, Williams can remain coy.
Here's a bunch of other stuff Williams said Monday, when I became perhaps the 20th person to ask him about the topic this spring.
“A lot goes into it,” he said. “There are matchups. There's health in spring. If anybody's a little bit cranky then we want to make sure we back off in that regard and we have the ability to push. There are off days. … We have options with those off days to push or have guys go on regular rest still. All those things come into it.
“Track record comes into it. Knowledge of those guys, and like I said matchups against that particular team. Do they have success? Have they had success? Do they not? Do they have a lot of lefties is something. Something like that can come into it to it. Without getting too specific about it, those are the kind of things we look at it.”
So some of that is just bunk, because the Nats face the Mets twice more that week, and the matchups will be the same Wednesday as they would Monday. Health? Sure. Off-day flexibility? Fine. But that's basically a 125-word way to not answer the question.
So let's look at the candidates, seriously. And to do that is to knock out the two that aren't really in the running.
Fister is coming off his best major league season, 16-6 with a 2.41 ERA in his first go around the National League. He is a quick-working sinkerballer, precisely the kind of guy you want in your rotation — but not the man who leads it. Not with these Nationals, anyway.
Gonzalez, you might remember, started the first postseason game in Nationals history back in 2012, a season in which he won 21 games. But he is coming off a middling 10-10 season in which he threw fewer innings (158-2/3) with a higher ERA (3.57) than any year since 2009, when he was still with Oakland. Again, you want him in your rotation, not least because he's the only lefty. This year, though, he can't start the opener.
So that leaves three.
Stephen Strasburg
2014: 14-11, 3.14 ERA, 215 innings pitched, 242 strikeouts, 1.121 WHIP
The case for: Strasburg still has the best pure stuff on the staff, even with Scherzer here, and that's essentially why he has drawn the Opening Day assignment each of the past three seasons – not to mention why he was the Game 1 starter in last year's division series against the Giants. He is coming off a year in which he led the National League in strikeouts and posted a career-high in innings pitched. Plus, if Williams and General Manager Mike Rizzo care about this sort of thing, Strasburg might be the pitcher most easily rattled by not getting that start.
The case against: By accomplishment, Strasburg might rank third in Washington's rotation at the moment. Last year, he gave up four runs in six innings in a no-decision against the Mets on Opening Day, and some Nationals fans feel he has been surpassed by Zimmermann in the team's hierarchy.
Jordan Zimmermann. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Jordan Zimmermann
2014: 14-5, 2.66 ERA, 199-2/3 innings pitched, 182 strikeouts, 1.072 WHIP
The case for: What else does Zimmermann need to do? He closed last regular season by throwing the only no-hitter in Nationals history, then carried a shutout for 8-2/3 innings of Game 2 of the division series. He is unflappable, and though he's never done it, would scarcely be overwhelmed by the assignment. He is a lifelong National, and there is some sentiment that he should get the task commensurate with what he has become: the ace.
The case against: Barring a monumental shift in thinking, both by the club and the player, this is Zimmermann's last season in Washington. He is a free agent following 2015, and negotiations are essentially non-existent. Would it mean more to Strasburg or Scherzer, who will both be here, to draw this job? And if you upset Zimmermann by not giving it to him – well, he's gone anyway, and it's not like he's going to tank his season because of it. Rather, it just might fire him up.
Max Scherzer
2014 (with Detroit): 18-5, 3.15 ERA, 220-1/3 innings pitched, 252 strikeouts, 1.175 WHIP
The case for: He is the only Cy Young award winner on the staff. Over the past two seasons, only Clayton Kershaw has a higher win above replacement (WAR) among pitchers, according to FanGraphs. Over those two seasons, only Felix Hernandez and Corey Kluber had a better fielding independent pitching (FIP) in the American League than Scherzer's 2.79. Plus, given his seven-year, $210-million contract with Washington, he is the only member of the staff guaranteed to be here beyond 2016.
The case against: For all he has done, Scherzer has never even been the most accomplished pitcher on his own team. In Detroit, Justin Verlander – a rookie of the year, Cy Young award winner, MVP and seven-time all-star – has drawn seven straight Opening Day assignments. Scherzer could always sit in Verlander's shadow if he so chose. Plus, even though their future is certainly cast with Scherzer, would the Nationals want to send a message to Strasburg and Zimmermann that they had been trumped by a man who had never thrown a regular-season pitch in the only uniform they had known?
So make your case for whoever you want. Part of what Williams said is true – in July or September or when the playoffs begin, who started on April 6 won't matter a bit.
But it's fun to think about it, because it resonates nationally – and because it's another indication of how far in the deep, dark past those old Simontacchi-or-Bacsik debates seem now.
“Deeply concerned” police sergeants are coming out swinging today against obnoxious Wall Street protesters, saying they plan to “pursue legal action” against demonstrators who injure any of its members.
Ed Mullins, president of the NYPD's Sergeant's Benevolent Association, said his group plans to pursue legal claims against Occupy Wall Street protesters should they cause injury to any of its 5,000 members.
“In light of the growing violence attendant to the ‘Occupy' movements across the country, particularly as evidenced by the recent events in Oakland, I am compelled to place these so-called ‘occupiers' on notice that physical assaults on police officers will not be tolerated,” he said.
Mullins added that any “assault on a police officer is not only punishable as a felony in the State of New York, but will also be met with swift and certain legal action by the SBA, which will seek monetary damages against any individual who causes injury to a New York City Sergeant.”
He said over 20 cops have been injured in Occupy Wall Street-related incidents.
“I am deeply concerned that protesters will be emboldened by the recent rash of violent acts against police officers in other cities. New York's police officers are working around the clock as the already overburdened economy in New York is being drained by ‘occupiers' who intentionally and maliciously instigate needless and violent confrontations with the police,” said Mullins.
“In response, I have instructed the SBA's attorneys to pursue the harshest possible civil sanctions — including monetary damages — against any individual protester who causes injury to my members. Protesters are not immunized from civil liability merely because their victims are wearing the uniform of the New York City Police Department.”
This comes as the charges against hundreds of protesters who were arrested on the Brooklyn Bridge or Union Square over the past six weeks could be dropped if the protesters accept a deal from the Manhattan DA's office.
With AP
A Saskatoon woman says she needs help getting her garbage bin to the curb — but the city has told her it can't offer that help.
Michelle Lee has health problems that affect her mobility and leave her unable to do certain tasks, like moving her garbage bin from her yard to the curb in front of her home in Pleasant Hill.
She called the City of Saskatoon for help, and was told a program that used to provide assistance to people in her situation no longer exists.
"What am I going to do with my garbage? Because there's no way I can get it onto the street," said Lee.
Her daughter used to help her move the bin, but she has moved away from the city.
Michelle Lee is unable to move her garbage bin from her front yard to the edge of the curb. She worries about what she will do with her garbage when it starts to pile up. (Bridget Yard/CBC)
A spokesperson for the City of Saskatoon told CBC News the program is approximately 10 years old, and was meant as a temporary program to assist people with the transition from larger bins in back alleys.
While the program still exists, new participants are not being admitted, because it was meant to be temporary.
Lee called her elected official, Ward 2 councillor Hilary Gough, who wasn't on council at the time the program was implemented. Gough encouraged Lee to contact the city's accessibility advisory committee.
"If there's an outstanding accessibility issue that not taking new participants into this program is generating, then that committee is a great place to discuss that and have some discussion around how widespread that issue might be, and ultimately make a recommendation to the committee," said Gough.
'This is important'
On Friday, Lee will attend a meeting of the accessibility advisory committee, a group made up mostly of community members, with two council representatives.
"It seems to me that there would be a lot of people who need that sort of service, who can't get their bins out. I'm really surprised. It's really a step backwards," she said.
"This is important. Old people need to get their garbage out."
I'm really surprised. It's really a step backwards. - Michelle Lee, homeowner
According to Gough, there are options for people who may not be able to put their garbage out on their own.
"There are other stakeholders and players in the community addressing these issues," she said
"For instance, Saskatoon Services for Seniors provides various home-based services."
Those services, though, come at a cost.
"I try to do things, but I just can't — even when it's empty and I try to bring it in," said Lee. She is considering hiring someone online to help her, though she worries she cannot afford it.
Saskatoon's accessibility advisory committee meets Friday at noon.
A man who was injured in a suicide bomb attack at a funeral in Mardan, is brought to a local hospital in Peshawar, the provincial capital of militancy-hit Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan, 18 June 2013. (ARSHAD ARBAB/EPA)
More than two dozen people were killed Tuesday when at least one suicide bomber detonated explosives at a funeral packed with prominent local officials in northwestern Pakistan, the latest in a string of gruesome attacks in a country struggling to combat terrorist threats.
The blast occurred just as the funeral for a local businessman was ending in a remote village in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Dozens of local leaders and provincial figures, some of them aligned with the anti-Taliban Awani National Party, were present when the bomb detonated.
The party, which has sought to root out Pakistan's Taliban from areas in the northwest bordering Afghanistan, had been influential in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, but it was resoundingly rejected in provincial elections held May 11.
Party members were known for being cooperative with Pakistani anti-terrorism officials, but they have paid a steep price over the years, with hundreds killed in suspected attacks by Pakistan's Taliban.
No group, however, has claimed responsibility for Tuesday's blast, which left at least two provincial legislators dead. According to preliminary figures, 27 people in all were killed at the funeral and about 60 wounded.
Officials stressed that the death toll might rise, and a Washington Post reporter found a grisly scene at the local hospital, including 18 bodies on the ground and survivors walking around with body parts in their hair.
“I am all right, thanks be to Allah,” said Zahir Shah, 70, who was in the front row at the funeral when the bomb detonated. “My son and bodyguard are injured.”
Tim Craig in Kabul contributed to this report.
This week, with little ceremony and no debate, Canada's Prime Minister ordered the military into action on a foreign shore. We're not at war: The six CF-18 jets now stationed in Romania are, in the words of Defence Minister Rob Nicholson, "sending out a message to Russia" about its aggressive stance toward Ukraine.
This North Atlantic Treaty Organization gesture, accompanied with escalating sanctions, is sensible and measured, and probably has the support of most Canadians. But not all – there have been well-argued cases against it from across the political spectrum.
Historian Michael Bliss argued in this newspaper that the action is a dangerous incursion into what he sees as Russia's sphere of influence. Columnist Thomas Walkom suggested in the Toronto Star that he sees this as a regional issue and none of our business. There are probably plenty of Canadians, and MPs, who share those views, and who would raise them in a parliamentary debate.
Story continues below advertisement
But there wasn't a debate, and there won't be one. The Prime Minister has no need to ask Parliament, or anyone else, for permission to make use of the military, the intelligence services or any other federal force outside Canada's borders. Even if he wanted to declare all-out war on Russia and all of its allies, Stephen Harper could do so on his own (after seeking the advice of his cabinet), through the Royal Prerogative, without any discussion in a democratic assembly and without any review by the Supreme Court.
This is because Canada wasn't designed to have a role in the world. University of Toronto political scholar Irvin Studin points out in The Strategic Constitution: Understanding Canadian Power in the World, his new book examining the Constitution's international-affairs provisions, that Canada is unique in that it doesn't really have any.
The Constitution Act's only substantial description of any foreign-affairs role is the line in its preamble which states that Canada's purpose is to "promote the Interests of the British Empire." We were created to be a colony, and we never changed that – the Charter of Rights established Canadians as individual citizens rather than royal subjects, but was mute on our country's actions in the world.
You might think that this colonial mandate would prevent the government of Canada from doing much on the international stage. In fact, it means the opposite. We've ignored that provision for most of the past 150 years (you can do that with a preamble), leading to what Dr. Studin calls a "remarkable paradox": Because international affairs is barely mentioned in the Constitution, absolutely anything done abroad, or done to Canadians because of perceived international threats, is relegated more or less to the prime minister's personal executive discretion under either the Royal Prerogative or the "Peace, order and good government" provision.
This has led to all sorts of consequent paradoxes. For example, Canada may go to war strictly on the whim of a sitting prime minister (since this act involves the military, which is strictly a federal prerogative), but if we ever found ourselves defeated in a war, a surrender would require the consent of all 10 provinces (because we'd be surrendering various things that are strictly under provincial jurisdiction).
This means that a prime minister can, if convinced that Canada is threatened from abroad, use the Emergencies Act to order "everything from prohibitions on travel to requisition or seizure of property, control of specified industries, and removal from Canada of non-citizens."
Not only that, but a prime minister could, if he felt Canada faced a "real or apprehended war, invasion or insurrection" legally invoke both the Charter's "notwithstanding" clause (which allows basic rights to be suspended) and Section 4(2) of the Constitution (which allows Canadian elections to be suspended indefinitely in wartime unless opposed by a vote of more than one third of MPs). This, Mr. Studin notes, "would be tantamount to a fairly potent cocktail of executive override of most of the Charter's key rights provisions."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Dr. Studin is rather obsessively interested in Canada's ability to "project strategic power in the world" – that is, he sees the lack of constitutional restrictions as a source of flexibility and strength. But this also means that our governments can put unlimited numbers of Canadian lives at risk overseas without directly asking the people through their Parliament.
These governments have been lucky: Bosnia, Kosovo, Libya and Afghanistan (at first, at least) were widely supported missions, and we wisely stayed out of Iraq, so most Canadians haven't noticed how undemocratic these missions are.
In 1939, 1994 and 2006, Parliament was given symbolic debates on military deployment, generally after the decision had been made. The next time around, a principled prime minister ought to let Parliament speak first, and decisively.
A Letter to Martin O'Donnell and Michael Salvatori
To Marty & Michael,
Thank you.
This is a letter I wish I had written long ago, as the music you composed for Halo has always been among my favorite music of any genre.
I have all the Halo albums, and despite having listened to them so many times, I still feel the awe, the poignant sadness, and the excitement that exists in your pieces. Your music still affects me.
I love how your compositions range from sweet, too forlorn to curiosity evoking, to dark and serious, to noble, too melancholy to tedious, to adventurous and brave, to scary, and to grand and epic. I love how accurately they reflect the emptiness of space, the woods and the forests, the dilapidated barracks of the UNSC, the sand dunes of The Ark, and the abandoned futuristic structures of the Forerunners. Your music makes me want to explore and discover, to be loud, and to run and move. It makes me feel like a complete badass and at the same time makes me feel profound.
Listening to your work has given me some of the highest highs that I've experienced from any media and I feel lucky to have been so affected by your compositions.
It takes real masters to compose music around a game but make it sound like the game was crafted around the music.
Over time, your soundtracks have become an indispensable part of the music landscape of my life. They're wondrous, imaginative, and convey such a vast and disparate gamut of emotions. I've yet to find any other soundtrack on this level and I'm so grateful for the sounds you two have given the world.
Thank you.
October 16, 2015 10:30 AM | John Bridgman
The XBox One is not normally a place you expect to see purely narrative-focused games thriving. The console market has a certain reputation, and so often you see more experimental games left on PC rather than get brought over to the home systems. Digerati has put Three Fourths Home on the XBox One through the [email protected] program as an extended edition that packs in some extra content for the players. After playing through the game, I took the time to ask Zach Sanford of [bracket]Games some questions about the game and the platform it's been released on.
The roughly hour-long game is the story of a woman named Kelly who has recently returned to live with her parents in Nebraska. She is off alone down the highway, and begins driving back to her family's house. During this drive, a call occurs between her and her family, with the player getting to decide how Kelly reacts as she drives. As this discussion goes on you'll find out about Kelly, her parents, her brother, and her life as the story unfolds with every passing mile.
This journey unfolds in a haunting greyscale art style, with almost everything depicted as somewhat angular silhouettes. It gives the scene a certain weight to it, and manages to keep the events that transpire ominous yet extremely personal. Interestingly, due to a small setting error on my own part, the additional dialogue choices I could make were impossible to read without moving the selection highlight to them, so the default felt in a way like Kelly's first thoughts on the topic. Sanford has assured me "That wasn't intentional, but it's not a bad idea!"
The art style was a decision from early on development. Sanford says "I briefly toyed with a very early version in 3D, but after some experimentation the silhouetted grayscale clicked as appropriate for the type of story I wanted to tell." Since he started working on primarily the story at first, everything grew from there. The tone and visuals of the story all were meant to blend together well and I believe they pulled off their aesthetic superbly.
A curious decision was made gameplay-wise to have the player hold down the right trigger to progress. When it's released, the game pauses completely, and the on-screen dialogue goes away. The rain that falls harder as you go through freezes in place also stops, giving you an interesting image on-screen too. This decision Sanford says was the game's most significant design decision after the main narrative, for two reasons.
According to Sanford, "I wanted players to have a connection to the events happening on screen beyond clicking through dialogue options." With prior experience in Twine games, he wanted Three Fourths Home to involve gameplay mechanics that were more than text-based. "I played around with different levels of complexity in the driving, but settled on a single input because it felt like a good balance between tying the player to on-screen events and not being a distraction; something that could just sort of be forgotten about after a while, much like keeping your foot on the gas while actually driving."
Keeping the trigger held down started off as a little odd for me, but it indeed did eventually settle into familiarity. Such that when I let go to pause the game for a little while, when I came back to it, I never noticed that I'd immediately set the trigger down and kept going right along. During the epilogue, a similar mechanic is used for walking, though you have more input into how you move about.
Second, this mechanic was implemented in order to make the player's input related to the story's "forward momentum". In Sanford's words, "There's a certain inevitability lurking within the game's themes. So requiring movement forward was partly an attempt to link together parts of the narrative and some of the game's simple mechanics." I think that the game pulled off this connection wonderfully and really helps draw the player into what is an extremely personal narrative and experience.
Seeing a game like this on the XBox One is refreshing. When asked about the viability of the console platform for narrative-driven games to thrive, Sanford said, "why not? ... If we're talking more atypical, smaller experiences like Three Fourths Home (as opposed to bigger games that treat narrative seriously), there's always room for different experiences." Because of the barriers to development on consoles, he says they were fortunate to be working with their publisher, Digerati, and the [email protected] program to bring the game to the system. He also stated that the size and diversity of the console player base is another opportunity for this sort of games to thrive.
Three Fourths Home is an experience that I think the XBox One absolutely needed. It is something new from even the independent console market, and I hope that seeing such a high quality narrative experience make it to home consoles will open doors to other smaller, narrative experiences like it. Available on XBox One, PS4, Vita, as well as PC, Mac, and Linux, it's a great addition to the collection of anyone looking for a small, personal gaming experience.
In the capital of Ankara, the president's referendum on his bid to stay in office until 2029 is riding a tide of popular support after the failed coup to oust him
Emine Altinbas had come all the way to Ankara from the northern Turkish city of Amasya, 165 miles away, for a political rally. In the warmth of the afternoon, she listened as the prime minister urged her and other supporters to vote yes in a referendum that would transform the country into a presidential republic.
But Altinbas needed no convincing. In a fortnight she will back Turkey's president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , and the package of reforms that could keep him in power until 2029. Why? Because, she said, she trusted Erdoğan to do the right thing.
Record number of journalists in jail globally after Turkey crackdown Read more
“He's sincere towards the people,” she said. “What he says is true, he does not lie, and what the people want is what happens.” The opposition, she said, was in disarray and bent on dividing the country instead of uniting it under strong leadership that would promote progress. “Until the end I'm going to say yes.”
Thousands of supporters of the Justice and Development party (AKP) turned out to witness the launch of the yes (evet in Turkish) campaign in the suburb of Kahramankazan, north-west of the Turkish capital in late February. On 16 April, many will cast their votes in a referendum on constitutional changes that will mark a turning point in the 93-year-old Turkish republic.
The choice of venue was no coincidence. Home to the Akıncı airbase, close to where seven civilians gave up their lives resisting the attempted military coup last July, the suburb of Kazan has been renamed, prefixed with kahraman, the Turkish word for hero.
The coup attempt still has the capacity to inflame great emotion. Inside the stadium, when videos from the night of the putsch were shown, a great roar of disapproval and anger emanated from the crowd.
“The periods of coups shall be over,” Binali Yıldırım, the prime minister and head of the AKP, told the crowd. “The economy will be stronger, growth will accelerate, there will be new jobs, we will cut the red tape, and the new system will eradicate terrorism.”
Outside there was a festive atmosphere as supporters flocked to the stadium in their thousands, chanting Erdoğan's name. Street vendors hawked T-shirts bearing his image, and banners proclaimed “Yes with all my heart” and “Our strong country, our decision is yes”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has had thousands of his critics dismissed or arrested. Photograph: Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
The referendum has polarised Turkey, still reeling from the traumatic coup attempt and repeated terror attacks by Islamic State and the Kurdistan Workers' party (PKK), a designated terror group fighting an insurgency in the south-east.
Tens of thousands of people have been dismissed or arrested in a multifaceted crackdown that has targeted followers of Fethullah Gülen, a US-based preacher whose movement is widely believed to have masterminded the coup, as well as opposition parties, academics and media outlets critical of the government.
Opponents say the constitutional changes, which would allow Erdoğan to rule until 2029 and consolidate power in his office, would lead to one-man rule with little oversight by a friendly parliament and a judiciary that would be appointed by him and the ruling party.
But supporters of the yes campaign argue there are enough checks and balances in the amendments, which will revise a constitution imposed under military rule in 1982. They say it will end the fractious politics of coalition governments that have plunged Turkey into recession in the past, and end a longstanding uncertainty in executive authority that has deadlocked administrations.
Emine Nur Günay, an AKP MP who was at the rally, said the changes would resolve conflicts of power in the executive and promote greater diversity in parliament by allowing younger lawmakers from around the country to run in elections. She pointed out that France, like Turkey, was soon to hold an election under a state of emergency.
“Turkey's state of emergency is against terrorists, not the public,” she said. “Life is going on and the public isn't affected. Turkey endured a lot of terrorist attacks, much more so than Europe, and a lot of innocent people lost their lives.”
The white Turks used to be the administrators, but now the people have a say. The elites are no longer in power. Erdoğan supporter
Many among Erdoğan's grassroots supporters see no problem in giving him more power. These are voters who propelled him to the presidency in 2014 in the first-ever popular presidential election to be held in Turkey. His popularity with them has allowed him to reshape the largely ceremonial position into an influential post by sheer force of personality.
Some have seen their lives improve with the economic reforms of the AKP, and the social benefits they have bestowed on poorer citizens. A common refrain among supporters at campaign rallies is how they no longer need to stand in line to buy expensive medicines, or suffer outside overcrowded hospitals.
Other voters see Erdoğan's ascent as a vindication of their suffering under decades of secular rule by pro-European elites – so-called “white Turks” – when expressions of Islamic values in public life, such as the headscarf, were restricted. They see in him a genuine man of the people who has challenged the political status quo as an outsider, even though his party has been in power for 15 years now and has presided over a break in relations with the EU, a re-igniting of a war with Kurdish insurgents whose ceasefire they had negotiated, and a dramatic uptick in terror attacks. Instead, they see him as a powerful force to combat terrorism in uncertain times.
The disconnect between the condemnatory anti-western rhetoric of the president and the confidence and even elation of his supporters at party rallies is striking. Where the west sees an authoritarian strongman dismantling a democracy, Erdoğan's supporters see a democratically elected president exerting the will of the people and destroying the agents of a nefarious putsch. Where the west sees a leader with neo-Ottoman imperial ambitions, ordinary Turks who back Erdoğan see a man willing to stand up to a morally bankrupt EU and champion the cause of oppressed peoples in the Middle East. Where the west sees a subversion of secularism, his followers see a redemption after decades of oppression under the secular elites, an opportunity to assert their identity as pious Muslims.
“He represents us, our thoughts,” said one young man in his 20s, from the city of Erzurum, who attended the rally. “He wants to abolish a system that went against the people and put in place a new system that will voice our thoughts. There used to be a population called the white Turks, they used to be the administrators, but now the people have a say. The elites are no longer in power.”
He scoffed at the suggestion that giving too much power to the president could be bad for democracy: “How can he be a dictator if his term is five years and he can only be elected twice?
“He has done many things for us, he stood up for us, he faced death for us. We wear our death shrouds for him and stand behind him.”
He added: “There will be a much stronger Turkey.”
Nearby, a woman who did not give her name touched her burgundy headscarf as she stood in the heat of the warm Ankara afternoon. She looked exhausted, having made a 572-mile journey to attend the rally from the eastern city of Van, but she was adamant as she touched her veil.
“There is nothing more important than Turkey and he's the only one who can lead this country,” she said. “He's the only one we can trust. Because of the headscarf, because of our security, for our Qur'an and the mosque. He was the only one who supported us, he always stands beside those who were oppressed.”
Brominator
This Bro is based on the Terminator from the Terminator film series.This Bro uses a very powerful weapon, but also one that is quite dangerous to use. It is using a Minigun that fires a lot of bullets per second. But if you fire it for several seconds, the firepower of the Minigun will start pushing you back, so you could fall of the ledge. Instead, try firing short, controlled bursts with it. It will take a bit of time before you can actually fire the weapon everytime, because it needs to start turning around first. It takes about 2 shots to kill an enemy with it.With the special attack you become fully made out of metal (you transform into a robot), which will make you really heavy for several seconds. Because of this, you won't be pushed as far away while firing the minigun as you normally would.A knife, because a minigun isn't powerful enough.
Rappers reference an array of brands from Gucci to BMW in various raps. To coincide with Jay-Z's cover story, Vanity Fair created a list of Jigga's “Most Name-Dropped Brands” listed by album.
Vanity Fair had criteria they used.
“To make the task realistic, we referenced only albums officially included in his discography, and at times we interpreted lyrics when they very obviously referenced a brand without outright saying it,” Vanity Fair wrote on its site.
According to Vanity Fair, Jay's most referenced brand is Mercedez Benz. Lexus, Maybach, BMW, Range Rover and Porsche were also part of the list the magazine created.
Jay also often references guns in his raps, with Glock and Kel-Tec being part of this list.
Another brand that Jay-Z has referenced extensively is Cristal, the luxury champagne brand. Cristal was once at least one of Jay-Z's favorite beverages. However, he has also referred to Cristal as racist in different verses since 2006, when the champagne company reportedly attempted to distance itself from Hip Hop.
According to the chart, Jay-Z referenced brands the most on his 2007 release, American Gangster. He reportedly referenced brands the least amount of times on 2004's Unfinished Business, a collaborative album Jay-Z made with R-Kelly.
The chart is missing Jay-Z's 2001 release, The Blueprint.
More of Vanity Fair's chart can be viewed below.
RELATED: Jay-Z Performs “Picasso Baby” Gallery Performance To Premiere On HBO
Does hypocrisy have no limits? It's doubtful, but either way, this Texas Republican's example is hilarious — you may remember Texas State Rep. Jodie Laubenberg as the Republican woman who stated that rape kits prevent pregnancy and “clean the woman out.” This time, as the author of an extreme anti-abortion bill moving through the Texas state legislature, she has stood up for what she calls the “pre-born life” of fetuses, despite her statement in 2007 that fetuses aren't “people” enough to receive healthcare.
Laudenberg already has a record of infamy thanks to her rape kit comments, as previously reported by Addicting Info:
… That led to one of the most outrageous moments of the night. Arguing against the exception for rape victims, Republican Rep. Jodie Laubenberg absurdly claimed that rape victims can be magically cleaned out at hospitals by emergency rape kits. “In the emergency room they have what's called rape kits where a woman can get cleaned out,” she said, apparently clueless about what rape kits are actually used for. Rape kits are used to collect evidence of the rape. They do not ‘clean out' women and they certainly do not prevent pregnancy.
Her dramatic policy reversal on the rights of the unborn, as seen in her new anti-abortion legislation, did not go unnoticed, however. From The Huffington Post:
Texas State Rep. Jodie Laubenberg (R), the author of the radically anti-abortion bill making its way through the Texas Legislature this week, argued for hours on Tuesday that lawmakers should support her bill because of its strong protections for a person's “pre-born life.” The bill, HB 2, responds to “the definite death to the 70,000-plus babies who have been aborted in this state,” Laubenberg said during remarks on the House floor. “HB 2 focuses on both the child and the woman.” But back in 2007, she made the case against treating the unborn as people — at least, when it comes to qualifying for health care services. During a House debate on an appropriations bill that year, Laubenberg, a staunch conservative, put forward an amendment that would require expectant mothers to wait three months before they could begin receiving prenatal and perinatal care under the Children's Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, a program that helps cover uninsured children in low-income families.
While the stunning decisions over the past year of Republican politicians has likely made jobs for writers of political satire nearly impossible to come by, we can thank them for one thing — as they continue to demonstrate nearly unthinkable levels of incompetency, voters will (hopefully) take note and repay them at the ballot box for their ineptitude.
Here's the video:
The band will reenter the studio next month to continue work on the follow-up to 2011's 'The King Of Limbs'
Philip Selway has discussed the progress of the new Radiohead album, saying that the LP is “coming along nicely” but that it might not be released this year.
Speaking to Drowned In Sound, the band's drummer commented: “It's all coming along nicely… We worked throughout the autumn up to just before Christmas, and now we're just taking some time away for other projects.”
He went on to say that they will restart the process next month. “We'll get back to it in March and we'll make an assessment of where we are then, but we've been excited about what we've been doing so far. It's by no means finished yet, so we've got a way to go. It's been a productive time though.”
When asked about a possible release date, Selway explained: “I wouldn't want to start to predict that kind of thing in a Radiohead schedule because you can find yourself six months down the line saying “I wish I hadn't have said that actually!”
In November 2014, Jonny Greenwood gave an update on the progress of the album, stating that they were trying a number of different approaches. “I'm late, they've all gone there now,” he said. “We're currently playing and recording and it's fun to see everyone again, it's been a long time coming, we've been waiting all of us for a long time.”
Radiohead producer Nigel Godrich went on to post a picture of Thom Yorke and Jonny Greenwood as they worked on the new album.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
NME Blogs: Eight Radiohead Covers That Aren't Completely Unbearable
NME Blogs: The Ten Moments In Radiohead Songs Which Give You Goosebumps
50 Geeky Facts About Radiohead
All You Need to Know
Brewery: Westbrook Brewing
Style: Pale Ale
ABV: 5.5%
Cost: $2.50 (12oz)
Glassware: Becker (Pint)
Temp: 45°F
Availability: Year-Round
Purchased@: ???? (Gifted)
Quick Take: The drinkability of One Claw is strong, making for a great session beer that is full of flavor and rides the line between overindulgence and a watery bore. This beer is a success because of the toasty rye and biscuity finish that makes you want to go back for more, but an appreciation of mild dank is a must. This may not be bold enough for some, but an easy recommendation for me as a go-to session beer.
Brew Facts: Westbrook has a good relationship with Evil Twin. So good, in fact, Westbrook contract brews the various Femme Fatale versions, Lil B (great porter), the Cowboy, Hop Flood, and the fantastic Even More Jesus for the East Coast.
Appearance: Thick, lumpy cream ball of a head bubbles away quickly and leaves a fluffy island of ice creamy bubbles. By the time I get the picture, the glass is dirty with thick threads of lacing. The glass is absolutely coated by this heady webbing and a poster child for Brussels Lace. The beer color is a cloudy mixture of yellow with a twinge of auburn, giving it a hazy ice tea quality. What many pale ales lack this beer just screams, and that's body baby. Love the look.
Aroma: I take a sniff and “Ooooh, dank” involuntarily escapes my lips to the indifferent ears of my cat. This is a shot of pink grapefruit and pineapple with a fresh hop and dank rye undertone. The rye is to the point of almost being toasty and keeps the light sweetness under control. Nice aroma that promises a tongue kicking of citrusy farmhouse with just a touch of sweet.
Taste/Mouth Feel: Based on the appearance, I anticipate a much chewier body, but this skirts thin to just hit a medium body. Still has more body than most pales, but I readjust my expectations. I sip and the taste is spot on to the aroma, however my tongue remains un-kicked. This beer is a mild summer drinker that hits the right balance of pineapple/grapefruit sweet (even writing that feels too strong), and just a hint of rye dank and hops. The rye wraps into the bready finish with some toast. It has a bitterness, but it blends in so nicely with the rye that I'd barely comment on it. If the rye isn't already a dealbreaker, non-IPA lovers could probably handle it if they had no other options. I will note that as the beer warms, the hoppy qualities become more intense.
Final Thoughts: Having only recently had Westbrook's Gose, video review available soon, and now One Claw, I have limited experience with Westbrook. Actually I've also had the RIS collaboration with Evil Twin now that I think about it, yeah me. Regardless, these beers have proven to me that Westbrook is a brewer to watch. The drinkability of One Claw is strong, making for a great session beer that is full of flavor and rides the line between overindulgence and a watery bore. This beer is a success because of the toasty rye and biscuity finish that makes you want to go back for more, but an appreciation of mild dank is a must. Lovely and refreshing with plenty of flavor, but subdued enough to avoid palate fatigue. This may not be bold enough for some, but an easy recommendation for me as a go-to session beer.
Advertisements
Rochester, N.Y. — Jim Boeheim isn't buying Malachi Richardson's rise through the mocks.
The longtime Syracuse head coach called out NBA Draft pundits for ranking Richardson as high as No. 13 after he left SU following his freshman year. Boeheim believes it's impossible for a player to have moved up teams' boards this early in the process as individual workouts haven't started yet.
"I don't think he's moved anywhere," Boeheim said at SU's no-huddle tour stop in Rochester. "That's just media nonsense. That's just the media and agents talking. Pro teams have not even had a thought about who they're going to draft. The top, maybe the top two or three prospective picks, are thinking about the two or three guys they might take.
"Everybody after that, they have no idea who they're going to pick. You can't tell anybody right now that they're going to go here because they haven't even thought about it."
Boeheim said he doesn't believe any freshman can truly be ready for the NBA, but spoke highly of Richardson as a person and praised him for his contributions to SU's Final Four run last season. He wasn't quite as polite with his comments toward the media, specifically one unnamed draft expert who he connected to predictions for former Orange players Tyler Ennis and Jerami Grant.
It's likely Boeheim was referring to Chad Ford, who has Richardson slotted 13th on his most recent Top 100 board.
"The guy that has moved him up is the same guy that had Tyler Ennis at 6-10, and we all know how that worked out," Boeheim said. "And he had Jerami Grant at 20, and we all know how that worked out. I guess when you have no track record, I guess that doesn't matter. I guess you still have credibility somehow."
Boeheim said he's connected to many NBA teams, having spoken with 20 individuals about Richardson over the last two months. He said he has an idea of where Richardson might go, but reiterated no one truly knows before workouts begin.
And even on draft night, anything can happen. Boeheim recalled former SU guard Sherman Douglas' drop to the second round in 1989. Boeheim said a team, possibly the Chicago Bulls, promised Douglas they would take him at No. 13 before trading the pick and watching Douglas slide to No. 28.
(For the record, the Boston Celtics held the No. 13 pick in that draft and did not trade it. Chicago drafted sixth, 18th and 20th.)
"Where (Richardson is) going to go in the draft, trust me, nobody has a clue right now," Boeheim said.
Boeheim believes most players projected to go between Nos. 22 and 30 should return to school if there's potential for upward mobility. Winning teams draft late in the order and often stash picks in the NBA Development League or overseas.
Players drafted earlier than that are more likely to be needed immediately, Boeheim said. And those in the lottery almost have to be played due to pressure in management and the coaching staff.
"In the last few years, 15 to 30 picks, about 60 percent of those players end up in the D-League," Boeheim said. "Nobody realizes that."
Richardson will have to wait until June 23 to find out exactly where he'll be selected. Until then, expect Boeheim to keep speaking his mind.
"Of course, whenever I say these things, people say I'm too tough, too abrasive," Boeheim said. "It's like, media people can have their opinions and it's OK. But when a coach has his opinions, it's not good; he shouldn't do that. I've never followed that procedure exactly."
Contact Stephen Bailey anytime: Email | Twitter
Malachi Richardson's agent: 'I think he's definitely top 20'
Disney has become the first film studio to take $7bn (£5.7bn) in global ticket sales in a year, with Star Wars spin-off Rogue One joining the hit factory production line alongside Marvel superheroes and animated children's movies.
With Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, the spin-off tale of the mission to steal the plans for the Death Star, taking almost $300m (£323m) globally on its opening weekend, Disney has easily shot past the previous $6.9bn annual ticket sales record set by rival Universal last year with hits including Jurassic World and Furious 7.
With almost two weeks of the year left, the momentum generated by the most famous sci-fi franchise in the world and the popularity of the studio's animated film Moana ($282m and counting) is likely to push Disney's overall takings closer to $8bn.
Disney has already released the four top-grossing films of the year so far with Captain America: Civil War, Finding Dory and Zootopia taking more than $1bn at the global box office, while a live-action version of The Jungle Book fell just short. Doctor Strange, starring Benedict Cumberbatch, released in November, has made more than $650m to date.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Finding Dory grossed more than $1bn at the box office in 2016. Photograph: Disney/Rex/Shutterstock
The record haul is the crowning achievement of a decade long strategy to reinvigorate Disney's film division by buying up blockbuster franchises, characters and talent.
In 2006, Disney spent $7.4bn buying Apple founder Steve Jobs' Pixar, the hit factory behind Finding Nemo, its sequel Finding Dory, Toy Story and The Incredibles, to help revive its once proud tradition of producing hit animated films.
This was followed in 2009 by the surprise $4bn purchase of Marvel Comics' superhero universe, bringing in characters including X-Men, Iron Man and Captain America, which took Disney into new live action territory.
The third transformational deal was snapping up George Lucas' Lucasfilm, maker of Star Wars and the Indiana Jones franchises, in a $4bn deal in 2012, with a plan to vastly expand the sci-fi franchise starting with 2015's The Force Awakens.
The $15bn of deals, which were in each case criticised by City investors as overpriced, were the brainchild of Bob Iger, Walt Disney chief executive.
“It was almost standard practice to say five and 10 years ago that Disney overpaid, but you see from the performance of the films from those divisions that they were essential to the company's success,” says Guy Bisson, research director at Ampere Analysis.
When Iger took the helm in 2005 Disney was still licking its wounds, having fought off a hostile takeover attempt by cable TV company Comcast, which went on to take a stake in studio MGM and buy NBC Universal and DreamWorks. Its animation-led film operation was struggling.
That year the company managed to get just one film in the global top 10, The Chronicles of Narnia: the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. And its studio was ranked fourth among the top five in the world's biggest market, the US.
Fastforward to 2016 and Disney accounts for five of the top 10 grossing films this year. Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been Disney's single biggest hit, raking in $2.07bn, spread across two calendar years of box office takings as it launched in December 2015. Rogue One looks set to also break $1bn but will also see its box office take split across two calendar years.
“Management had a vision that proved to be correct,” says Bisson. “They focused on strong characters that work across all their business lines – toys, merchandising and theme parks; and it has been very advantageous that the franchises breathe sequels and spin-offs very naturally, and they are also very popular among the key audiences of millennials and the younger generation.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Artist's impression of the new Disney theme park Star Wars Land. Photograph: Disney/Lucasfilm
Disney is currently constructing a Star Wars Land at its flagship US theme parks, which will include a ride where visitors take control of the Millennium Falcon, and the Pirates of the Caribbean ride, which spawned the Johnny Depp mega-franchise, has recently been expanded to its Shanghai Disneyland.
Another Disney blockbuster, Frozen, is reportedly the biggest merchandise moneyspinner of all time, with sales of more than $107bn.
Hollywood's movie secret, which Disney happens to have mastered the best, at least for now, is that bigger is better and less is more.
In 2005, the top five studios released 173 films, with Disney launching 31, according to Box Office Mojo. In 2016 that number has dropped to 118, with Disney down 60% with just 13.
“Since the financial crash studios had to rework the way they did things and cut their slates back,” says David Hancock, director, head of film and cinema, at IHS Markit. “Very few, very big films drive the box office upwards.”
The question is whether, or how long, Disney can keep its box office crown.
The studio will get a running start with about two-thirds of Rogue One's global ticket sales counting toward's next year's tally.
And with a big title including the second Guardians of the Galaxy movie, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales and Thor: Ragnarok, Disney is banking on another sequel-tastic year of blockbusters.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Disney will release a sequel to Guardians of the Galaxy in 2017. Photograph: AP
The 65-year old Iger, whose contract at Disney runs until 2018, will also be looking to the force for box office gold next year. Disney will be banking on once again trouncing rivals with the hope that Star Wars: Episode VIII will join just Avatar, Titanic and The Force Awakens in the exclusive $2bn-plus box office club.
“The next film in the Star Wars saga has the potential to claim the title as the biggest movie of all time,” said Paul Dergarabedian, a film analyst with comScore.
Top 10 grossing films at the global box Office 2016 (to date)
1. Captain America: Civil War - $1.15bn (Disney)
2. Finding Dory - $1.03bn (Disney)
3. Zootopia - $1.02bn (Disney)
4. The Jungle Book - $966m (Disney)
5. The Secret Life of Pets - $875m (Universal)
6. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice - $873m (Warner Bros)
7. Deadpool - $782m (Fox)
8. Suicide Squad- $745m (Warner Bros)
9. Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them - $718m (Warner Bros)
10. Doctor Strange - $653m (Disney)
Disney's transformative deals
Pixar
When bought: 2006
Price: $7.4bn
Hits: Up (box office: $735m), Toy Story 3 ($1.1bn), Inside Out ($858m)
Upcoming films: Cars 3 next year, The Incredibles 2 in 2018 and Toy Story 4 in 2019
Marvel
When bought: 2009
Price: $4bn
Hits: The Avengers ($1.5bn), Iron Man 3 ($1.2bn), Guardians of the Galaxy ($773m)
Upcoming films: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 and Thor: Ragnarok next year, and Avengers: Infinity War in 2018
Lucasfilm
When bought: 2012
Price: $4bn
Hits: Star Wars: The Force Awakens ($2.07bn), Rogue One: A Star Wars Story ($290m opening weekend)
Upcoming films: Star Wars: Episode VIII next Christmas, Han Solo spin-off in 2018 and new Indiana Jones movie in 2019
An Israeli medical device that is saving lives in intensive care units (ICUs) worldwide is now being tested at a dozen US hospital emergency departments to see if it could keep patients out of intensive care.
The NICOM (non-invasive cardiac output monitor), made in Israel by the Tel Aviv-based Cheetah Medical, is a uniquely non-invasive system used by medical centers in several countries to monitor hemodynamics – the movement of blood from the heart to the body's organs.
Get our weekly newsletter directly in your inbox! Sign up
Related Stories:
These measurements help the medical team to determine the exact quantity of fluids the patient needs in the event of major surgery, trauma and especially sepsis. Sepsis is a life-threatening response to infection that causes more than 200,000 deaths in the United States every year. One in four hospital deaths is caused by sepsis, and it's the reason for about half of the admissions to medical ICUs.
Sensor based measurement
“It's important to measure how the blood flows when taking care of very sick patients, because there is an imbalance between the amount of oxygen and other nutrients delivered to the organs of the body,” explains Dr. Yoav Avidor, CEO of Cheetah. “The physician must stabilize the hemodynamic system so that all the organs get exactly what they need – not too much and not too little.”
Currently, this type of measurement is done mainly via invasive and expensive medical procedures that could sometimes cause life-threatening infections. Because of their drawbacks, doctors often tend not to use these procedures despite the vital information they can provide.
That's the problem NICOM aimed to solve when it was introduced to the market four years ago. Invented by Hanan Keren, a Weizmann Institute of Science physicist, NICOM continuously collects all the necessary data from four sensors stuck onto the patient's chest or back. A nurse can attach the sensors without calling in a medical specialist.
The device has already received FDA and CE Mark approvals.
Studying the results
In February, a study that aims to determine how using NICOM can save lives if it's used in the emergency room in early stages of sepsis, had begun.
The study, named Cardiac Output Monitoring Managing Intravenous Therapy (COMMIT), is being conducted in 12 leading US hospitals emergency departments for the next year or two.
“Sepsis is a huge issue – one of the top killers, often as a complication of pneumonia or urinary tract infection and at times due to an infection acquired in the hospital,” says Avidor, a urologist by training. “It progresses rapidly and is difficult to treat. In advanced sepsis, all the body's organs start to fail. Septic shock sets in and the mortality rate is about 40 percent.”
Earlier studies indicated that “if you start aggressively giving intravenous fluids early, under guidance so you give just the right amount, you can reduce mortality to about 24 percent. That's pretty amazing: There aren't too many things in healthcare that reduce mortality by 40 percent.”
Though several other medical device companies in the 1980s and 1990s offered non-invasive ways to monitor hemodynamics, none of them worked well enough to be adopted by hospitals, says Avidor. He adds: “NICOM is the first advance since then. Practically, it's the only non-invasive system that hospitals actually buy and use on the really sick patients.”
Avidor hopes that using NICOM in the ER will show a reduction in deterioration of sepsis; the number of admissions to the ICU; intubations; and kidney and liver failure that are common complications of sepsis.
The principal investigator is Dr. Nathan Shapiro, an attending emergency physician at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston. “This is an exciting alternative to the invasive or empiric methods of the past,” he said. “My co-investigators and I seek to determine whether this theory will translate into clinical practice as an evidenced-based approach to reducing illness in an important population before they overtly deteriorate.”
Hundreds of critical care and anesthesia hospital units in the United States use NICOM, as well as in countries including the United Kingdom, Italy, South Korea and France. A few medical centers in Israel also have purchased it recently.
The device is manufactured in Israel and the company has headquarters in Vancouver and Washington.
What is this project?!
Party Time is a feature-length movie written and directed by Marty Schousboe and Morgan Lord currently being filmed in Chicago, IL. It has a cast of over 50 comedic actors, most of whom perform at the iO Theatre, The Annoyance Theatre, and The Second City.
Where will my generous contributions go?
Props
Wardrobe
Set dressing
Food for the cast and crew
Sound mixing
Color correction
Music
Festival entry fees
The party in motion. Or not really.
What's the movie about?!
Happiness. Sadness. Everything you feel at a really good party. WHICH IT IS! The movie follows tons of different characters throughout one night. Each story is funny or heartbreaking or strangely fulfilling in an'm-digesting-this-hot-dog-better-than-I-thought-I-would sort of way.
Yeah. The movie's sad.
When are you going to shoot it?!
We actually started the production in the middle of February, and we're nearly done shooting, but unfortunately without additional support we can't get this movie through post-production and out into the world.
This welded art is available in the rewards on the right. It was created by actress Susie Gutowski while on set.
This was painted by the directors and co-producer of the movie. It was used as set dressing in the movie and can be yours in the rewards.
What's next?!
The movie will wrap up in the next few weeks, and then we've got the long road ahead of editing, sound mixing, color-correcting, submitting to festivals, and sharing the movie. If this campaign is successful, all of this will be possible.
Local handmade screen prints in frames by FoundRe! These two pieces were used as set dressing in the movie and are available in the rewards.
Directors' Statements:
Marty says: This movie has been boiling up inside of Morgan and me. Having been performing improv in Chicago for the last four years, we are surrounded by some incredibly talented comedic actors. Performers who time after time, show after show, continuously demolish us. Along with creating a style, tone, and story that we wanted to tell, we really wanted an opportunity to showcase as many of them as possible. There are certain comedic movies that stick with you forever. Airplane! Wet Hot American Summer. Animal House. All of these movies have big casts and tell multiple storylines. We're doing that here, but we're also trying to make you feel miserable. You're welcome.
Morgan says: When Marty and I started writing together we quickly realized we were in love with absurdity and genuinely sad moments. So when we wrote Party Time, an absurd comedy, we found that we enjoyed the sad storylines just as much as the purposely humorous ones. We knew that stepping into this feature would be a great experiment and a huge risk and we're so proud of what this movie is becoming. We have an amazing cast of hilarious actors and talented crew to thank. I'm so excited for people to catch themselves laughing at how heartbreaking and funny this movie is.
Who's in this movie?!
Some incredible Chicago performers (in no particular order):
Danny Groh, Susie Gutowski, Clayton Margeson, Morgan Lord, Carmen Christopher, Shane Simmons, Gary Richardson, Walt Delaney, Nick Mestad, Liam Winters, Andrew Tisher, Michael Malarkey, Brian McGovern, Alex Honnet, Steph Cook, Maria Randazzo, Lily Sullivan, Vince Portacci, John Reynolds, Zephian Michaels, Lynnae Duley, Joe Vargo, Annie Donley, Joey Dundale, Meaghan Strickland, Micah Sterenberg, Irene Marquette, Devin Bockrath, Mel Forrest, Ellen Haeg, Jo Scott, Erin Sprague, Emma Pope, Marty Schousboe, Drew Kearse, Michael Brunlieb, Stephanie Jones, Andrew Graves, Jared Jeffries, Lee Barats, Asher Perlman, Drennen Quinn, Jeff Rukes, Peyton Brown, Colleen Doyle, Raun Meyn, Jose Molina, Bente Engelstoft, Catherine Bullard, Jen Cumberworth, Greg Worsley, Sadie Rogers, Rob Anderson, Sarah Ashley, Erin Goldsmith, Susan Myburgh, and David Blum
Crew:
Marty Schousboe - Writer/Director
Morgan Lord - Writer/Director
Shane Simmons - Producer
Liam Winters - Co-Producer
Eon Mora - Director of Photography
Dowell Gandy - Production Sound Mixer
Jesse McAlpin - Additional Sound
Maggie Winters - Key Production Assistant
Pokémon Report:
Bulbasaur, the Seed Pokémon, this Pokémon is one of the few that manages to live its entire life in an entirely symbiotic relationship with a plant host. Bulbasaur, from the moment they hatch, possess an onion like bulb on their back which is where their name is partially derived. Some experts once believed this to be the only extent in which this plant will interact with its Pokémon host, but later years with the advance of cellular investigation proved this to be incorrect.
Fossil evidence has been found of the Bulbasaur bulb living once as a normal plant, growing and sourcing its nutrients from the earth. This fossil has been carbon dated and found to have occurred millions of years ago. And such have been classified as a distant member of the Hippeastrum family and entitled; Hippeastrum symbiosis. However in the wild these plants never reached their full potential in fact they seem to have remained unopened as a bulb for their entire lifespan, producing barely enough seed and growth to survive.
Not so coincidently, fossils of a Bulbasaur like creature have been located in the nearby vicinity and have also been carbon dated and found to have existed in around the same period. The only difference being that every one of these fossils was found to have been ridden by disease such as osteoporosis, arthritis and other structural deformities that caused these Pokémon to die at a very young age. However the most interesting of find was that these disadvantaged creatures did NOT possess a plant hose, they were born without one and lived seemingly as only half of a whole life.
The following theory has not yet been proven but it is held strong by many scientists and even Bulbasaur specialists worldwide.
It is believed that the first real Bulbasaur occurred when the underground nests dug by plant-less Bulbasaur parents became encased by the fast growing root system of the Hippeastrum symbiosis bulb. At this point the theory becomes vague; some believing the eggs were penetrated and "infected" by the bulb plant others believing a seed was deposited on the shell membrane, just below the leathery surface of this reptilian egg.
Either way tis gave rise to a new form of organism, the new found fully fledged Bulbasaur race quickly emerged as the only race due to means of natural selection and evolution (in the Darwinist sense).
In the modern era, Bulbasaur live and flourish in many natural environments, from open graze lands and floodplains and thickly wooded forests. And over the course of millennia have developed multiple subspecies each with slight variation in the colouration of the skin, ranging from lime green to a more bluish tinge of aqua, depending entirely on the location of the population.
Bulbasaur are well known for their ability to live in perfect symbiosis with their plant host. They are able to source their energy and nutrients from both the plant host and by means of the omnivorous diet of the reptilian portion of this Pokémon. Meaning they posses two forms of "survival" both photosynthesis and the traditional reptilian digestive system. This allows this Pokémon to endure harsh situation of famine through the supplementation of energy found in the deposits of glucose created by both the photosynthesis in the cells of the bulb and the photosynthesis by the chloroplasts located in the cells of the epidermis of the body. However they cannot survive on sunlight alone. It takes quite a large amount of water intake and a minor amount of food intake for this photosynthesis to occur which even further displays the level of cooperation between these two organisms.
Biologically this cooperation is astounding; every single nerve cell in the reptile portion of this Pokémon is shadowed by the corresponding root cell of the bulb. Meaning the nervous system of the reptile and the root system of the bulb is entirely parallel. Furthermore, the structural roots of the bulb are attached to the ribcage in a way that they act as a structural bonus for the Pokémon's now very sturdy body.
Bulbasaur has an omnivorous diet meaning that they live off both animal and plant matter. They mostly eat roots and shoots when young and any fruit or sweet vegetables they are able to find. They will also dig out small insects and bug Pokémon to supplement their diet as well as fresh carrion that can be easily scavenged.
Bulbasaur is venomous, with a plant based toxin being present in both the spores of the bulb and the venom glands found adjacent to the salivary glands in the mouth, allowing this Pokémon to use defensive and offensive techniques such as sludge bomb, poison powder and toxic.
Another property of the spores of the bulb on a Bulbasaur's back is its anesthetic properties. Meaning that when it chooses, it can emit this, the second of the three spores, and cause the target to fall asleep or at least become very drowsy and sluggish thus removing the threat and allowing for an escape.
The third of the possible three spores that can be emitted by the bulbasaur's bulb is known as stun spore and is arguably the worst of the three. In the wild a Bulbasaur often ambushes its prey with this attack, immediately paralyzing them and allowing the Bulbasaur to leisurely consume them. This would obviously be terrifying for the prey and is not exactly the most desirable way to die.
The colouration of the skin of the Bulbasaur is due to the chloroplasts present in the cells and also provides excellent camouflage. The darkened patches on its scaly hide resemble the patterns of broken sunlight as well as leaf litter giving it a perfect forest disguise. The bulbs on the back of Bulbasaur are not dissimilar to other plants akin to closed birds nest ferns and are as such, easily overlooked.
Bulbasaur have been domesticated and farmed in recent years to be raised and dispersed by beginner trainers who wish to undergo a more tradition Pokémon experience. Due to the fact that when presented with the Bulbasaur it has already been domesticated provides some reasoning as to why this Pokémon is seen to be the easiest to raise from the three traditional Kanto starter Pokémon. This may also be due to the low care required to look after a Bulbasaur, as long as they are able to rest daily in the sun they do not require very much food at all and are as such very cost effective pets.
In the wild, Bulbasaur generally live in solitude, slowly ambling through life without a worry. However when a Bulbasaur has reached its second year of age they will impulsively gather in particular locations in incredible numbers on the summer equinox or the longest day of the year. It is on this day that the Pokémon has stored enough food and water to perform photosynthesis without a break for the entire period of this long summer day. When dusk comes the Bulbasaur will release the energy they stored all day from both digestion and photosynthesis to allow the bulb on its back to open and reveal itself as a large red flower bud surrounded by four ferns like leaves. When unfurled the leaves effectively have doubled their exposed surface area and as such doubled the rate in which photosynthesis can occur. This causes exponential growth in the Pokémon over the following weeks with developments such as fangs, sturdy limbs to support the weight of the bud and a slightly more bluish hue to both the skin and the camouflage patterns.
Bulbasaur is able to mate pre-evolution, though with not as many eggs or at as high of a success rate. The eggs are buried in warm soil beneath the roots of a tree to shelter them from excavation of ground or sub-ground Pokémon. Each embryo, as with its parents, has a parallel relationship between plant and reptile matter, causing the bulb to remain lifeless as a seed until the reptile has hatched and is first exposed to sunlight. Before this stage the tiny Bulbasaur resemble fist sized scaly frogs with large lumpy, unsprouted growths on their backs but the bulb quickly emerges and swiftly begins to provide its host with a backup source of glucose for any unforeseeable harsh times.
Finally, Jake “The Snake” and George “The Animal,” side by side. Ditto Haystacks Calhoun and Hillbilly Jim; Chainsaw Charlie and Hacksaw Jim Duggan; Iceman King Parsons and Stone Cold Steve Austin. This, the latest viral print from the guys at Pop Chart Lab —billed as a “titanic taxonomy” of wrestler names—organizes more than 380 monikers according to semantic similarities. And just like the real-life, fake world that is pro wrestling, the crazier the better.
Patrick Mulligan and Ben Gibson, the two guys who form the creative heart of Pop Chart, have set up five sorts of uber-categories under which nearly all wrestling monikers fall: Animals (i.e., The Junkyard Dog), Place of Origin (Akeem “The African Dream”), Professions (The Undertaker), Inanimate Objects (The Rock), and the largest group, Physical or Metaphysical Attributes (Gorgeous George, Sting). You get the idea. It's most similar in form and content to the duo's “Grand Taxonomy of Rap Names,” which organizes rapper's monikers along similar principles.
[Click to view larger]
So why wrestling? “It's in the sweet spot of things that we love and things that have a lot of extant data,” says Mulligan, who with Gibson, is slowly colonizing the cultural detritus of the Internet. Since launching Pop Chart Lab last year, they've classified pop haircuts, provided a periodic table of heavy metal, and detailed the very many varieties of beer.
The “titanic taxonomy” is not comprehensive, however: Mulligan said they had trouble with contemporary wrestlers who've begun using real-sounding names. Instead, it's more of a nostalgic trip through the prime of pumped-up pro wrestling–RIP Andre the Giant, Macho Man Randy Savage, Killer Kowalski, Bam Bam Bigelow, and so many others–that was even weirder than you remember.
Since the haircut, a lot of the more positive responses have been, "she can totally cosplay as Kaminari now~!" And that, she can!Technically speaking, she'd probably be several months on hormones and her hair would've grown at least a little bit by the time the next Halloween came around in canon, but I didn't want to get too ahead of myself, and just drew her how she looks now. It works though. And either way, she would probably very strongly consider this for her costume next time (I mean, she's already got the wings for it). XDFara meanwhile throws in her obligatory snark. Because we all know Kellen would just love to hear,It's kind of evil, yes, but it's kind of hilarious too (at least, to me).I considered a lot of other pic ideas for today, but for one reason or another, they all fell apart. This one required the lightest workload, but I sincerely hope you enjoyed it either way. Anyway, not much else to say. So let's leave it at: Happy Halloween, everyone! ^_^©2004-2015Rain, all characters and all other aspects of the story are copyright material belonging to me.
Spread the love
Washington, D.C. – The system is clearly broken when a politician running for President of the United States makes more money in a dozen speeches to major Wall Street financial powerhouses than a college graduate is expected to make over the course of an entire lifetime.
Public disclosure of financial documents indicate that in only 12 speeches given to private equity firms, Wall Street Banks, and other major global financial corporations- Hillary Clinton received $2,935,000 in payment from 2013 to 2015.
To give these numbers some meaning, the U.S. Census Bureau in 2011 estimated that “bachelor's degree holder can expect to earn about $2.4 million over his or her work life.” That same year the Pew Research organization estimated that a “high school graduate” would be expected to make roughly $770,000 over the course of their lifetime.
According to a report in The Intercept:
This means that in one year — 2013 — Hillary Clinton earned almost as much from 10 lectures to financial firms as most bachelor's degree-holding Americans earn in their lifetimes — and nearly four times what someone who holds only a high school diploma could expect to make.
The absurdity of politicians cashing in for influence reeks of cronyism and corruption, and lends credibility to a 2014 study from Princeton University that revealed that the U.S. is not a democracy, but rather an oligarchy. An oligarchy is a form of government in which power resides in the hands of a small number of elites within a society.
For the ruling class to act as if they are simply representatives of the people, when they know nothing about the struggles of the person on the street, reveals a political system that is clearly sold to the highest bidder.
Jay Syrmopoulos is a political analyst, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay's work has been published on Ben Swann's Truth in Media, Truth-Out, Raw Story, MintPress News, as well as many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.
One of the great challenges for progressive social movements is telling the Big Story. After decades of conservative political ascendancy, progressives are yet to offer a simple counter-narrative that critiques neoliberal values and tells people their vision for society.
This lack of strategy around story and discourse is surprising given how much time has been devoted to post-structuralist idolatry in universities over the past 25 years. Nevertheless, basic ideas about narrative as the conduit for social power and shaping reality are only now starting to find focus in progressive political parties, unions and non-government organisations.
This slow change is the result of a combination of factors. Often the topic is written about in ways nobody without a postgrad degree in cultural studies can understand. Then there is the “common sense” or rationalist campaign approach that has become the norm. Many progressives focus on a model that presumes debates can be won when you “argue the facts” with conviction and “fight” for truth. Too often, this misses the power of narrative and brands, and therefore does not systematically contest the Big Story. Meanwhile, the key conservative strategists may not be reading Foucault in the Qantas Club, but they do get it, and their multinationals and political parties are all over it.
Progressives and conservatives alike can recite the conservative story of who and what is authentically Australian and who and what is not authentic. This is part of the conservative Big Story.
As the American cognitive linguist George Lakoff pointed out, conservatives are capitalising on their investment in the media apparatus that tells the stories and shapes public discourse. It's just as well so many people have worked so hard to create the new media. Progressives need it now more than ever.
So where is the progressive Big Story?
Look at how Abbott renamed the Clean Energy Act the “carbon tax”– a very precise exercise in the control of public discourse.
Progressives were once great storytellers. Their social movements created narratives as a matter of course – peace movements, union movements, civil rights movements, women's suffrage and feminist movements, and freedom movements that overcame seemingly insurmountable power, such as apartheid and colonial power.
The key things progressives don't understand about narrative today are, first, that they tend to think persuasion operates through reason. In reality persuasion, thought, feeling and most human communication and common sense are shaped through stories rather than facts.
Second, there is a lack of co-operation in telling the progressive Big Story and contesting the conservative Big Story, the one that says we need to keep removing social support for young mums while we give money to big polluters because that's what this mystical entity called “the economy” demands.
Underpinning this Big Story crisis is a misunderstanding about power and how stories or discourse shape how we act, shop, invest, divest, vote, organise, and so on.
This is the big insight that is post-structuralism. The short version is that people identify themselves as part of the story and their imagination and will are strongly influenced by what they see as the parameters of the story. Kind of like The Matrix. So if you own the Big Story, it is a very powerful thing indeed. And that is why we call it public discourse, because we want to keep that Big Story publicly owned and transparent.
Weirdly, despite progressives falling behind, the progressive story about society is easier to tell than we think. The Australian public hold many progressive values and are hungry for a renewed vision for society. What is necessary is a more rigorous, coherent and outward-looking approach from progressive organisations in engaging the public.
Nowhere has the absence of progressive strategy been more obvious than in the narrative disaster we call climate change, and nowhere with more dire consequences. Just look at how Abbott disarmed the country and renamed the Clean Energy Act the “carbon tax”. In the process, he buried the story about big polluters strangling the social, economic and political drive towards clean energy, and confected a story about Julia Gillard's “lie” and the imposition on the people of a “tax on everything”. It was a very precise exercise in the control of public discourse.
While today's conservatives are not perfect in the storytelling department, the defeat of the Clean Energy Act was only possible because they are heavily invested in controlling public narratives. As is often the case, especially around budget time, the story then was about “battlers”, the cost of living, who was authentic, who was wearing an orange vest, and who was on their side. Crucially, these are elements of a story that people recognise and can relate to as a coherent and moral tale, whether they agree or not. The contrast with the progressive narrative on the moral challenge of “climate change” couldn't be more marked.
More than a decade ago, conservative strategist Frank Luntz pointed out that because the very expression “climate change” was scientifically focused, ambiguous and had no obvious story or villain, it could be manipulated by polluters. It's a strategy that has worked far too well. Progressives will argue the facts of climate change and tell stories to elaborate on the reality of climate change until they are blue in the face. What most do not realise is that conservative strategists see perfectly clearly that a science-based narrative need not and has not yet resulted in a political imperative to stop big polluters. Big polluters are buying time by contesting the very narrative of climate change and proposing policy responses that work only to extend the lives of polluting businesses.
The relentless insistence on demonstrating climate reality in the face of this conservative climate strategy has the effect of normalising climate change, and frames it as an environmental problem or a truth – just part of life. This normalisation is precisely what big polluters are banking on.
Global warming is in fact an ecological consequence of a serious social problem. Organisations that want to engage with big polluters, and produce narratives that studiously avoid identifying the big polluter problem, reinforce this normalisation of global warming as something beyond social control. Progressives must engage big polluters, but not at the cost of attributing corporate social responsibility for their continuing expansion of coal exports in the face of the global pollution crisis.
Arguing the facts of climate science and climate reality framed in terms of “climate change”, “climate action”, a “climate movement” for “climate justice” has its roots in a global climate bureaucracy. This scientifically based narrative would be fine were we not living in a world where emotion and persuasion rule. It's a progressive pollster's worst nightmare and a big polluter's publicity dream.
In 2008-10, I was running a Labor polling firm and we were asked by a group of NGOs to undertake a project to better understand how they should talk about global warming in the context of the global financial crisis.
The first finding was that we could respond to global warming by creating jobs. This transformation to clean energy would be great for health, create jobs, and help cut pollution and solve global warming. The second key finding was we could go to coal towns and capital cities and talk about pollution as a problem and clean energy as a solution. Don't say “climate” and all is well.
So we reported that it was better to talk about industrial change than climate change, and to frame the conversation in terms of a big polluting villain and a clean energy solution. The plan began to work. Instead of the “Climate Action Act”, we had the Clean Energy Act.
The Big Story briefly moved towards pollution and clean energy, but Abbott won the day with his “carbon tax” story.
Instead of pushing back and contesting the Big Story, progressives capitulated. The term “carbon tax” become an accepted shorthand in progressive newspaper columns. Progressive political parties produced leaflets offering “the carbon tax explained”. The phrase “carbon tax” entered the national lexicon uncontested and served to frame the whole debate – much to the benefit of conservatives and Abbott.
The turn of events under the current government – the repeal of the Clean Energy Act and the conflict over the clean energy target (or what bureaucrats call the renewable energy target) – meant that the debate shifted, fortuitously in our firm's view, away from the weather or “climate” to energy.
We are in favour of pointing out that angry summers are a result of polluters' greed and that we should move our money out of big-polluter-aligned banks and super funds to firms invested in clean energy. But this doesn't necessitate framing the Big Story in terms of language such as “climate” and all the carbon techno babble that comes with it, and nor is it likely to be successful if we did. In fact, our experience suggests the opposite.
So let's check in again with that Big Story. Global brands are very systematic about telling stories to support their interests. If we look at big polluters' stories on the one hand, and firms selling solar panels and clean energy on the other, the findings go like this. Those selling the solar and wind tend not to talk about “climate” because it's confusing and they know it's a barrier to creating the social and economic shift to clean energy. Conversely, the big polluters are now very consistent in talking about “climate change” because they drew the same conclusion many years ago and have realised denial just looks like lies.
Meanwhile, the “climate movement” continues to talk in much the same language as the big polluters, because of the lack of focus on tackling the power of narrative and how “climate” narrative has become a barrier to the very change we must create.
A few years ago we would come out of focus groups knowing that this was the kind of strategic insight our clients would find hard to swallow. For many it still is. What has changed is that punters in the focus groups can now pick the conservative story strategy and have begun to offer unprompted advice on how to get around it. What they say is that if you want to tackle the global pollution crisis and create societies powered by clean energy, “climate change” is not required in your narrative. “Climate” talk is only going to alienate the neighbours or the relatives.
Instead, lead actors in the dramatic production of the greatest moral challenge of all time are likely to be actual people. Our Big Polluter villain has already won the best actor. What remains to be seen is who in this Big Story will be the heroes, and whether progressives will ever find the plot.
16 Comments:
Anonymous said...
I know a lot of people with undergraduate philosophy degrees. I can't say I've been impressed with their reasoning skills. Every single one of them is working fast food. These aren't lazy people by any means. They applied for many professional jobs, but employers are just not interested.
Saturday, February 2, 2019 at 4:45 PM
Anonymous said...
Wow! Finally I got a webpage from where I be able to genuinely get
useful data concerning my study and knowledge.
Sunday, November 19, 2017 at 3:06 AM
Marjon said...
Omg. You guys r such nerds. I wish it was a little more informative. Instead of insisting whose smarter.
Saturday, September 17, 2016 at 8:44 AM
Anonymous said...
It makes sense.
In the US Philosophy majors divide into
1)hobby majors and the
2)serious ones who also have several other majors and are expected to know at least Calc and a lot on using math to puzzle solve, typically to CalcIII/Diffy Q, Linear Algebra and Real Analysis and explain it better than the mathematicians.
Also most top philosophy majors go into computer science, medicine, law, and business.
What do you call a philosophy major? Boss.
Sunday, June 12, 2016 at 5:34 PM
Alan Light said...
Philosophy majors also do very well on quantitative reasoning - note that they still took 8th place, even though most get little formal training in this field.
Altogether, philosophy and physics majors both perform very well across the board.
Thursday, July 2, 2015 at 8:08 PM
Anonymous said...
To January 6,
Yes you're 100% right about this. However, the overlap is significant. That is to say, those students who intend to do philosophy are almost exclusively people who did philosophy in undergraduate studies. This is simply because given both the competitiveness of the programs and the slow growth of the field, you have a very small chance of gaining acceptance unless you have a background in philosophy. Very few do.
That being said, the philosophy students know this. I highly suspect (although I have no numbers to back up this claim) that only very highly qualified philosophy students actually apply to philosophy grad programs. So it could partly be why the numbers are so high. Not to say the student class in general isn't bright. When I was still an undergraduate, the only students with GPA averages lower than the philosophy kids were the engineering, physics, and math students.
Monday, September 29, 2014 at 3:16 AM
A said...
I am a bit confused. Your axes state 'intended graduate major', not 'undergraduate major'. Are you not saying that students who intend to do philosophy outperform, which is a different thing from saying that students who have done philosophy outperform (not saying there is no overlap)?
Monday, January 6, 2014 at 9:16 PM
nancy john said...
Good information about GRE it is very useful for students
GRE Test Tips
Tuesday, August 27, 2013 at 12:31 AM
Anonymous said...
1. I've heard of economics majors, but what's an economy major?
2. Did you mean to say "em-dash" instead of "hyphen," or was that part of the sarcasm?
Thanks!
Thursday, August 15, 2013 at 11:22 AM
Anonymous said...
And all of those surveyed would be able to spot the silliness and the worthlessness of the "results". Oh wait, I put the period outside the quotes: I must be a philosophy major. Oh wait, I used sarcasm: I must be a fizix major. Oh wait, I spelled "physics" wrong--I must be an economy major. Oh wait, I used a colon in one sentence and a hyphen in another to do the same job: I must be an engineer. Oh wait, you ended the first paragraph of your summary, "Reflections on the Data," with, "there are a few things" when "a few things" needs "there are." I guess you ain't so smart after all, Skippy.
Wednesday, July 31, 2013 at 1:31 AM
Anonymous said...
I was a philosophy an English major and I crushed the GREs, with the exception of quantitative reasoning. Philosophy honed my analytical mind to be razor- sharp and, as the years go by, I am thankful for the agile mind such a "worthless" discipline has given me. It's really helped me in my career as a novelist.
Tuesday, July 30, 2013 at 10:59 PM
Anne said...
Another consideration is, which students are likely to take the GRE intending to go into these grad programs? I'm a philosopher and can testify that philosophy grad schools are extremely selective (and chances for a job in the profession are slim), and thus undergraduate advisors are unlikely to recommend anybody but the best students even apply. Whereas for say, journalism, undergrad advisors might be much more likely to encourage a merely-very-good student to try for grad school. I would be interested to see the numbers of people taking the exam from each discipline.
Tuesday, July 30, 2013 at 6:19 PM
Anonymous said...
Philosophers use the term 'logical fallacy' frequently, since the word 'logical' in philosophy means, most centrally, 'of or related to logic,' as in "logical atomism," "logical positivism,' "logical omniscience," "logical possibility," and so on.
Tuesday, July 30, 2013 at 1:51 AM
Anonymous said...
And in philosophy, we try to teach that it's "logic fallacy," not "logical fallacy." No fallacies are logical.
Monday, July 29, 2013 at 11:15 PM
Anonymous said...
I would be very cautious about extrapolating these numbers to science reporters as well. Many had a technical background prior to moving to journalism.
Monday, July 29, 2013 at 6:04 PM
Anonymous said...
It would be interesting to see the average GRE scores of APS members.
Monday, July 29, 2013 at 4:09 PM
madals Profile Blog Joined June 2011 United Kingdom 623 Posts #2
Each and everyone of these players qualified has something to bring to the table, and with it being HotS there is so much potential for things people haven't even considered that this could be anyone's tournament.
If for whatever you haven't seen any of the finalists play on HotS recently, I compiled a finalist focus week highlighting each of them that can be found So looking forward to this, it is going to be incredible. The talent displayed at the qualifiers has been sensational and the prize pool is brilliant.Each and everyone of these players qualified has something to bring to the table, and with it being HotS there is so much potential for things people haven't even considered that this could be anyone's tournament.If for whatever you haven't seen any of the finalists play on HotS recently, I compiled a finalist focus week highlighting each of them that can be found here - "Finalist Focus" Caster: @Madals91 http://www.youtube.com/Madals91 <--
VTJRaen Profile Blog Joined July 2011 United Kingdom 235 Posts #3 This is going to be the actual best thing I've ever attended. I cannot promise to sleep during the event, but I will be there watching and making way too much noise as always. Multiplay eSports Co-Ordinator
Yazuac Profile Joined June 2011 United Kingdom 20 Posts #4 Well this is probably going to be the best weekend of the year for me :D strongly suggest everyone tries to catch this if they can
Aerisky Profile Blog Joined May 2012 United States 11022 Posts #5 Oh whoa, this is actually quite the lineup. Looking at the players involved, it seems like we're going to be in for a really competitive tournament. I'm surprised, 10k pounds is quite a bit of money :O Jim while Johnny had had had had had; had had the better effect on the teacher.
Rombur Profile Joined January 2011 Belgium 107 Posts #6 I can't wait to see Sting win this :p Jinro, Rain, Sting, Byun, Alive, Bomber Fighting
SuperHarryoBro Profile Joined October 2012 28 Posts #7 ForGG is gonna tear this up!
ToD Profile Joined December 2008 France 221 Posts #8 cant wait ! Commentator
SC2QuoteOfTheDay Profile Blog Joined March 2012 46 Posts #9 Going to be sick - looking forward to this, I am sure we'll get some good quotes too "There is nothing cooler than being proud of the things you love." - Sean "Day9" Plott
Boucot Profile Blog Joined October 2011 France 15974 Posts #10 On March 20 2013 09:59 ToD wrote:
cant wait !
Will you cast in french or english ?
Great competition, props to the admins ! Go ForGG ! Will you cast in french or english ?Great competition, props to the admins ! Go ForGG ! Former SC2 writer for Millenium - twitter.com/Boucot
Gendar Profile Joined October 2012 Netherlands 29 Posts #11
BTW Babyknight is misspelled Great lineup, can't wait for the stream.BTW Babyknight is misspelled
ESETUKMasters Profile Joined October 2012 United Kingdom 59 Posts #12 On March 20 2013 10:45 Gendar wrote:
Great lineup, can't wait for the stream.
BTW Babyknight is misspelled Great lineup, can't wait for the stream.BTW Babyknight is misspelled
No matter how many times we double-check! Thanks. No matter how many times we double-check! Thanks.
NarutO Profile Blog Joined December 2006 Germany 18777 Posts #13 A while ago I would have been really eager to watch it, after MLG I fear the level of play will just be disappointing. Still hoping to see some good games, will tune in on every stream just to support eSports as its always great if someone manages to put something together thats as big as this. (10000 pounds is no joke!) Commentator Polt | MMA | Jjakji | BoxeR | NaDa | MVP | MKP ... truly inspiring.
bbm Profile Joined April 2011 United Kingdom 1315 Posts Last Edited: 2013-03-20 10:08:07 #14 Holy shit, so pumped for this. insomnia never fails to surprise!
HYPEST HYPE By.Sun or By.Rain, he always delivers
Tigi Profile Joined October 2008 Germany 471 Posts #15 Hasu gonna take this pretty ez. §1: Die Units des Hasu sind unantastbar.
NKB Profile Joined February 2012 United Kingdom 608 Posts #16 This looks brilliant, can't wait for it :D Some times you just gotta wish...
Brandyyyy Profile Joined July 2012 11 Posts Last Edited: 2013-03-20 12:59:42 #17 Get ready for f0rgg owning everyone :D
Flaele Profile Joined November 2011 Belgium 182 Posts #18 Hyped for this, go ForGG ! .
Xoronius Profile Joined July 2011 Germany 6360 Posts Last Edited: 2013-03-20 13:09:30 #20 Can you give a little teaser about the players at BYOC or are they just determined on friday?
1 2 3 4 5 61 62 63 Next
Description
L5 Advanced Warfighter Magazine, 30 Round, Opaque Black. The L5AWM features a one piece hardened steel feed lip, impact resistant translucent polymer body, non-tilt follower, aggressive surface texture, stainless steel spring and slide on bottom. Compatible with: M4 / M16 / AR, HK416, ARX160, SCAR 16, SIG556, ARC, SA80 chambered in 5.56mmX45 / .223rem. Weight 4.4oz Made in the USA Black polymer body that is impact resistant through a wide range of temperatures Body and component materials that are corrosion and chemical resistant Steel feed lips with a corrosion resistant coating, permanently molded into the body Body texture, contour and rubber coated bottom are designed to provide positive gripping and improve retrieval from magazine pouches Body design incorporates a constant radius geometry that facilitates follower/spring travel Same basic design envelop as the USGI aluminum magazine, can be used with existing pouches and carriers Easy to disassemble and maintain Note: The following US States have restrictions on high capacity magazines: California, Hawaii, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey and Washington D.C.
A Marriott Courtyard Hotel, the first of two new hotels being developed along Deptford's Route 41 (Hurffville Rd) at Deptford Center Road, will be taking in its first guests this Thursday, July 13th. The staff was still putting on the final touches, but 42Freeway was able to get a tour of the beautiful new hotel, and we are sharing the experience with our readers! While this hotel is for everyone, they are targeting the business traveler by offering casual public sitting areas, meeting spaces, and in a first for a Deptford Hotel… a bar inside the hotel!
The new Courtyard Hotel is located at what is becoming a key intersection in the town, where the other three corners have AT&T/Staples, Friendly's and the closed Freeway Diner. Both the Freeway Diner and Friendly's properties are slated for redevelopment, and the new hotel has removed an eyesore of warehouse buildings, anchoring the intersection for additional development. In front of the hotel is the south bound entrance to the 42Freeway (which leads from the very popular Deptford Mall), and just a 1/4 mile up the road are the remaining exits/entrances to 42, making travel to Philadelphia and the shore very easy. Close by are Deptford's other two hotels.
The Courtyard features a modern contemporary style in the public areas, but inside the rooms there area splashes of extra colors. It's definitely much more than just “four walls and a bed”
This hotel features “The Bistro” which serves several food and drink purposes. Behind the bar they have an on site kitchen which starts with breakfast in the morning, and progresses through snacks and other delicious food items throughout the day and evening. And later in the day, the Bistro becomes a full bar offering a variety of soft and alcohol beverages for guests. It seems to me that this bar is primarily designed for the business traveling hotel guests, not that you couldn't come in just for a drink. It's just not really configured as a large sit-down bar for “hanging out” in. Well, go check it out and make up your own mind!
Further fitting the “Business Traveler” theme, the Courtyard Hotel does not have a pool. Bar = Business. Pool = Families. When the second hotel is built (Hampton Inn), that will feature a pool, but no bar.
You can go online right now and book rooms for stays starting with this Thursday, but the official ceremonial grand opening won't take place for several weeks.
The hotel has two entrances on Rt 41. One closest to the traffic signal which requires you when exiting to go right towards Rt 42 South or Unos, and another entrance further down which allows you to exit left, and to allow traffic from the other side of Route 41 to cross over and in.
The hotel was first proposed early in 2015, and 42Freeway was the first to break the story and that it would include a bar, and we've been following it all along:
Still to come is a second hotel in the property.
A picture says a thousand words… so I'll stop rambling and direct you to the photo gallery below.
Click a photo to see the larger slideshow (which from there the images can be made even larger)
[Best_Wordpress_Gallery id=”10″ gal_title=”Deptford Courtyard Hotel”]
Marriott Courtyard Deptford
1251 Hurffville Road
Deptford Township, NJ 08096
856-232-1500
Getty Images
A torn Achilles tendon has kept Falcons linebacker Sean Weatherspoon from making an impact on the field this season. On Thursday, Weatherspoon made some waves away from it. Thanks to (what else?) Twitter.
“The Aints are way too sorry to have our names in their mouth!” Weatherspoon posted on Twitter. “Our team will be bringing a broom to the bayou!”
He wasn't finished. In his next twist of the Saints' tail, Weatherspoon also tweaked his own team.
“They won't let me talk to the media but they don't know my Twitter password!” Weatherspoon said. “Been apart of this division for 5 yrs, won the division twice!”
And then Weatherspoon clarified the motivation for his missive.
“That last tweet was for you Aints fans that act like they have just kicked our ass since 2010!” Weatherspoon said. “GOMD!”
I didn't instantly realize what “GOMD” means. And then I had an idea what it means. And then I went to UrbanDictionary.com to confirm it.
The Saints and Falcons play Sunday in New Orleans. The winner takes a major step toward winning the NFC South, even though both teams are under .500.
The World Health Organization declared Liberia free of Ebola for a second time on Thursday, several months after it was first thought to have halted the virus in May, only to experience a brief resurgence of cases that puzzled epidemiologists. “Today the World Health Organization declares Liberia free of Ebola virus transmission in the human population,” said Dr. Alex Gasasira, the organization's representative in Liberia. But the Ministry of Health called for 90 days of “heightened surveillance” around the country to watch for any new cases. Dr. Gasasira applauded the government and Liberian communities for their quick response to the May outbreak, which left two people dead. The government has urged all Liberians to continue observing preventive measures like washing hands and is strengthening its monitoring efforts across the country, said Dr. Francis Ketteh, Liberia's chief medical officer. More than 4,800 people have died in Liberia because of the Ebola crisis, according to the World Health Organization.
Linksys WRT54GL Still Going Strong Thanks to Community Support quote: "To be honest, it somewhat baffles my mind," Linksys Global Product Manager Vince La Duca told Ars. But production won't stop any time soon as long as Linksys' suppliers, including chipmaker Broadcom, keep selling the parts needed to build the WRT54GL. "We'll keep building it because people keep buying it," La Duca said. And while some worried new FCC guidance aimed at Jon Brodkin at Ars Technica pens an interesting love letter to the Linksys WRT54GL , the 2005 wireless router that is still going strong thanks to the ability to modify it with third party custom firmware like DD-WRT. WRT54GL and other routers in the WRT54G line have sold 31 million units in their 14-year lifetime, the report notes -- largely thanks to a sort of cult following of tinkers who continue to embrace the device. From the report:And while some worried new FCC guidance aimed at limited interference would prevent tinkerers from modifying the device, we've noted how Linksys intends to ensure the device remains open to modification so the device's loyal following sticks around.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 43 comments
dutenhnj
join:2002-01-29
Monroe, WI 32 recommendations dutenhnj Member On the other hand... The fact that a 2005 router with a maximum wired routing speed of barely over 50 megabits is still sufficient as a "broadband" router in America is telling.
smilingbob2
join:2016-05-27
Houston, TX 9 recommendations smilingbob2 Member Great Router I only just recently upgraded our venerable old 54GL to an AC router for our home network, mainly due to streaming HD video. The old Linksys just couldn't keep up with our media server and several connected devices at once. I had Shibby Tomato firmware installed and the thing was just bulletproof, almost never a reset or any other fiddling necessary.
In my long experience with this router, the fastest wireless throughput you'll see is right around ~23Mbps in real world conditions. And that is without any complex QoS or other rules - the tiny processor just doesn't have the legs for it. It was a great unit for it's day but really is no longer an option for current broad band speeds and video streaming. HarryH3
Premium Member
join:2005-02-21 8 recommendations HarryH3 Premium Member Rugged, reliable and s.l.o.w...
I got the WRT54GS for free because the owner had bricked it. I found an online tutorial on how to short a couple of pins together on the motherboard while booting it to get it to accept a firmware upload again. Used one router as the main router/AP at one end of the house and the second as just an AP at the other end. They worked great for many years.
Too bad that Cisco sold the Linksys line to Belkin. I've never seen a Belkin product that was worth the sales tax due on it. I have a WRT54G and a WRT54GS, both loaded with Tomato firmware. Alas, they were retired long ago because they just weren't able to cope with WAN speeds above 23Mbps. We currently have 75 Mpbs down. I only keep them around as emergency spares since 23 Mbps is still better than 0 Mbps.I got the WRT54GS for free because the owner had bricked it. I found an online tutorial on how to short a couple of pins together on the motherboard while booting it to get it to accept a firmware upload again. Used one router as the main router/AP at one end of the house and the second as just an AP at the other end. They worked great for many years.Too bad that Cisco sold the Linksys line to Belkin. I've never seen a Belkin product that was worth the sales tax due on it.
Anon00aad
@hcs.net 6 recommendations Anon00aad Anon Once upon a time... Linksys was a solid product. I mean, even before Cisco even bought them and then eventually Belkin. The WRT54G product line was rock solid for it's time. The very first router I obtained was a Linksys BEFSR41 10/100 router back in 2002, and let's just say it probably still works today if I plugged it in. Linksys genuinely made the best network equipment 10-15 years ago for consumer grade electronics.
buzz_4_20
join:2003-09-20
Biddeford, ME 4 recommendations buzz_4_20 Member Good to See I'd like to see the same unit with gigabit ports and an AC Radio... AND NOTHING MORE.
Darknessfall
Premium Member
join:2012-08-17 ARRIS NVG448BQ
Asus RT-N66
AirTies Air 4920
2 recommendations Darknessfall Premium Member Amazon It seems like they are still selling WRT54GL's brand new directly from Amazon themselves. You would think they(Amazon) would've stopped selling them new by now. But I guess as long as they keep making money off of it and continue having the parts(as mentioned), I guess they will keep selling them. zod5000
join:2003-10-21
Victoria, BC ·TELUS
1 edit 2 recommendations zod5000 Member I really liked my WRT54GL.. but it became obsolete. It was a really really good router. The first one I ran with 3rd party firmware on it. Ever since I've continued to buy new routers that could run various versions of Tomato. I went to an ASUS RT-N16 and now I use an NGEAR R7000. I still have a soft spot from the WRT54GL, but I'm surprised people are still buying them. It only has 100mbit ports and Wireless G. Both are pretty slow in the modern world.
Show full PR text
ONR's TechSolutions Providing SEALs with New Glasses That Change Lens Color on the Fly
By Geoff S. Fein, Office of Naval Research, Corporate Strategic Communications
ARLINGTON, Va. - The Office of Naval Research's (ONR) TechSolutions department is set to deliver to Navy Special Warfare Command personnel later this year new protective eyewear that will eliminate the need for warfighters to stop to change out colored lenses to accommodate differences in light levels.
The Fast-Tint Protective Eyewear (FTPE) changes color quicker than transitional lenses commonly found at an optometrist's office. "Transition time is less than 0.5 seconds," said Stephanie Everett, ONR's TechSolutions program manager.
"Currently, warfighters are using a set of interchangeable lenses that require them to stop and manually switch lenses to adjust the goggles to a particular light environment," Everett said. "But they can't take the time to stop and remove and replace the lenses."
Instead, they often simply remove their sunglasses when moving inside, leaving their eyes unprotected. The FTPE was designed to enable them to maintain ballistic protection under all lighting conditions, without interrupting their operational tempo.
Liquid crystal solutions within the lenses contain customized dyes that transition to amber, blue, dark gray or clear when an electric charge is applied. Lenses can change color automatically as wearers move in and out of varying environments, or lens colors can be altered manually by pushing a small button on the side of the glasses. Additionally, the lenses meet the American National Standards Institute's ballistic impact safety requirements.
The request for new eyewear came to TechSolutions from warfighters in July 2009, and the project is almost complete. The initial delivery was for 30 pairs of the new eyewear, which have already gone out for evaluation with warfighters who will use them in training. "They will provide structured feedback on the glasses," said ONR's Command Master Chief Petty Officer Charles Ziervogel, who oversees the TechSolutions department.
After this evaluation, Special Operations Command (SOCOM) is expected to take delivery of the FTPE glasses. "SOCOM is buying 100 units based on the initial assessment and seeing the results from the current evaluation," Ziervogel said.
Last August, an earlier prototype was assessed, which led to design changes, which are incorporated in the current eyewear. "The user feedback made this prototype even better," Everett said.
Results from this round of assessments are expected in April, and the feedback will be forwarded to Ohio-based AlphaMicron. The company, along with Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane, Ind., was selected to develop FTPE.
"We expect additional minor design changes based on the results of the current assessment," Everett said. AlphaMicron will incorporate any changes into what will be close to a final product.
TechSolutions accepts recommendations and suggestions from Navy and Marine Corps personnel working at the ground level on ways to improve mission effectiveness through the application of technology. It is solely focused on delivering needed technology and moving the sea services toward more effective and efficient use of personnel. TechSolutions uses rapid prototyping of technologies to meet specific requirements.
About the Office of Naval Research
The Office of Naval Research provides the science and technology necessary to maintain the Navy and Marine Corps' technological advantage. Through its affiliates, ONR is a leader in science and technology with engagement in 50 states, 70 countries, 1,035 institutions of higher learning and 914 industry partners. ONR employs approximately 1,400 people, comprising uniformed, civilian and contract personnel, with additional employees at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington, D.C.
Chinese people are not to go out alone on the streets at night
The Chinese Embassy in Germany advises its countrymen not to go out alone on the streets at night. The Beijing representative in Berlin warns its citizens in a drastically formulated "safety notice" against the local dangers.
There was a "big change" in the security situation, according to the information posted by the Embassy at the end of December on its Internet presence, which has also been disseminated in Chinese-language newspapers. Last year, several Chinese were victims of brutal violence in Germany.
Keep windows and doors closed
"If possible, avoid going to the streets alone or go to remote places at night," the text says. "When you return home, make sure you have followed someone. After entering, keep doors and windows closed, do not open strangers easily." After the terrorist attack on the Berlin Christmas market on 19 December, Chinese people are being held to pay attention to "unusual phenomena", including those who "appear to be carrying gunarms or explosives". A German version did not publish the message, the press department did not answer a request for the safety advice.
In addition to the Berlin attack, 2016 had triggered several more blood tests in Germany in China. An Islamic assassin had seriously injured a Hong Kong family with an ax in July. In May, a Chinese student of architecture in Dessau was the victim of a sexual murder. In Bochum two Chinese students were attacked by an Iraqi refugee.
source： http://www.t-online.de/reisen/reisemagazin/aktuelles/id_80315642/chinesische-botschaft-warnt-landsleute-in-deutschland.html
💑if you like this post, share it!💑
CHINESE BORDER NOW TAKING FOREIGNERS FINGERPRINTS 🖐️
click READ MORE
Most Internet users know to watch for the telltale signs of a traditional phishing attack: An e-mail that asks you to click on a link and enter your e-mail or banking credentials at the resulting Web site. But a new phishing concept that exploits user inattention and trust in browser tabs is likely to fool even the most security-conscious Web surfers.
As Mozilla Firefox creative lead Aza Raskin describes it, the attack is as elegant as it is simple: A user has multiple tabs open, and surfs to a site that uses special javacript code to silently alter the contents of a tabbed page along with the information displayed on the tab itself, so that when the user switches back to that tab it appears to be the login page for a site the user normally visits.
Consider the following scenario: Bob has six or seven tabs open, and one of the sites he has open (but not the tab currently being viewed) contains a script that waits for a few minutes or hours, and then quietly changes both the content of the page and the icon and descriptor in the tab itself so that it appears to be the login page for Gmail.
In this attack, the phisher need not even change the Web address displayed in the browser's navigation toolbar. Rather, this particular phishing attack takes advantage of user trust and inattention to detail, or what Raskin calls “the perceived immutability of tabs.” Then, as the user scans their many open tabs, the favicon and title act as a strong visual cue, and the user will most likely simply think they left a Gmail tab open.
“When they click back to the fake Gmail tab, they'll see the standard Gmail login page, assume they've been logged out, and provide their credentials to log in,” Raskin explained. “After the user has entered they have entered their login information and sent it back your server, you redirect them to Gmail. Because they were never logged out in the first place, it will appear as if the login was successful.”
Raskin includes a proof-of-concept at his site, which is sort of creepy when you let it run. In fact, at least once while composing this blog post in Firefox I went to click on the tab that had my Gmail inbox open, only to discover I'd accidentally clicked on Raskin's page, which had morphed into the fake Gmail site in the interim.
It's important to keep in mind that this attack could be used against any site, not just Gmail. Also, Raskin includes a few suggestions about how this attack could be made far sneakier — such as taking advantage of CSS history attacks.
Of course, if you are browsing with the excellent “Noscript” add-on and this is a site you have not allowed to run javascript, the proof-of-concept won't work until you allow javascript on the page. It did not work completely against the Safari browser on my Mac (no favicon), and the test page failed completely against Google Chrome. [Update: As several readers have correctly pointed out, this attack does in fact work against Chrome, although it doesn't seem to change the favicon in Chrome tabs].
I'm left wondering what this new form of phishing will be called if it is ever adopted by the bad guys. Tabnabbing? Tabgrabbing? See if you can coin a better phrase in the comments below.
Update, May 25, 7:55 p.m. ET: Researcher Aviv Raff has posted an interesting proof-of-concept of his own that shows how this attack can work against Firefox even when users have the Noscript add-on installed and in full paranoid mode. Raff crafted his page, which is a mock up of this blog post, to morph into an image of the Gmail login page, and it will reload every 20 seconds but will only change to the sample phish page if you move to another tab with your mouse, or after 10 reloads (in case you moved with the keyboard). So it will change only after 3 minutes or so, unless you move to another tab with your mouse.
“I was trying to find a way to work around the javascript need for the [proof-of-concept],” Raff said in an instant message. “First I was able to do this without knowing if the user moved to a new tab. Now I can almost be sure of that.”
Update, May 27, 11:41 p.m. ET: For Firefox users with the Noscript plugin, there is an update to the program that can block these types of tabnabbing attacks.
Tags: Aza Raskin, javascript, mozilla firefox, tabnabbing, tabnapping
Announcing Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection By Terry Myerson / Executive Vice President, Windows and Devices Group Share Share Skype
We designed Windows 10 from the very beginning to be our most secure platform ever. With features like Credential Guard, Device Guard, Windows Hello, and Enterprise Data Protection, Windows 10 offers unique defenses from attacks. Windows Defender, our free anti-malware service, provides protection to almost 300 million devices – every day. And Windows continues to raise the defenses in the system every month as any security issues are investigated and proactively updated through Windows Update.
This ongoing commitment to security has led to strong demand from enterprise customers. From the Department of Defense, which is adopting Windows 10 across all branches of service, starting this year with 4 million devices – to NASCAR to Virgin Atlantic to schools all over the world – we're excited to see customers with the most demanding requirements move to Windows 10 faster than ever before.
Today, we announce the next step in our efforts to protect our enterprise customers, with a new service, Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection.
Cyberattacks Are Increasing in Sophistication
We're seeing increasingly brazen cyberattacks. Cybercriminals are well organized with an alarming emergence of state-sponsored attacks, cyber-espionage and cyber terror. Even with the best defense, sophisticated attackers are using social engineering and zero-day vulnerabilities to break in to corporate networks. Thousands of such attacks were reported in 2015 alone. We've found it currently takes an enterprise more than 200 days to detect a security breach and 80 days to contain it. During this time, attackers can wreak havoc on a corporate network, stealing data, breaching privacy, and destroying the trust of customers. These attacks are incredibly expensive, costing organizations an average of $12 million per incident with broader impact to a company's reputation.
As the attackers' approaches have evolved and become more sophisticated, so too must our approach to provide security to our enterprise customers. And, our customers agree, as 90% of surveyed IT Directors said they need a full-fledged advanced threat protection solution that identifies attacks quicker with comprehensive intelligence, and provides actionable remediation.
Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection will Help Detect, Investigate and Respond to Attacks
To help protect our enterprise customers, we are developing Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection, a new service that will help enterprises to detect, investigate, and respond to advanced attacks on their networks. Building on the existing security defenses Windows 10 offers today, Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection provides a new post-breach layer of protection to the Windows 10 security stack. With a combination of client technology built into Windows 10 and a robust cloud service, it will help detect threats that have made it past other defenses, provide enterprises with information to investigate the breach across endpoints, and offer response recommendations.
Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection:
1) Detects Advanced Attacks provides key information on whom, what, and why the attack happened. Sophisticated threat intelligence enables attack detection, informed by the world's largest array of sensors and expert advanced threat protection, including a team of experts at Microsoft and expert security partners.
Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection is powered by a combination of Windows behavioral sensors, cloud based security analytics, threat intelligence, and by tapping into Microsoft's intelligent security graph. This immense security graph provides big-data security analytics that look across aggregate behaviors to identify anomalies – informed by anonymous information from over 1 billion Windows devices, 2.5 trillion indexed URLs on the Web, 600 million reputation look-ups online, and over 1 million suspicious files detonated every day.
This data is then augmented by expertise from world-class security experts and advanced threat protection Hunters from across the globe, who are uniquely equipped to detect attacks.
2) Response Recommendations. The service's security operations data provides an easy way to investigate alerts, explore the entire network for signs of attacks, examine attacker actions on specific devices, and get detailed file footprints from across the organization to recommend responses.
With time travel-like capabilities, Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection examines the state of machines and their activities over the last six months to maximize historical investigation capabilities and provides information on a simple attack timeline. Simplified investigation tools replace the need to explore raw logs by exposing process, file, URL and network connection events for a specific machine or across the enterprise.
And, a cloud-based detonation service enables files and URLs to be submitted to isolated virtual machines for deep examination. In the future, Windows Advanced Threat Protection will also offer remediation tools for affected endpoints.
3) Complements Microsoft Advanced Threat Detection Solutions. Because Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection is being built into Windows 10, it will be kept continuously up-to-date, lowering costs, with no deployment effort needed. Powered by a cloud backend, no on premise server infrastructure or ongoing maintenance is required. It complements email protection services from Office 365 Advanced Threat Protection and Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics.
Already Protecting 500,000 Endpoints
Just like we developed Windows 10 with feedback from millions of Windows Insiders, we worked with our most advanced enterprise customers to address their biggest security challenges, including attack investigations and day-to-day operations, to test our solution in their environments. Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection is already live with early adopter customers that span across geographies and industries, and the entire Microsoft network, making it one of the largest running advanced threat protection services.
Here is a sampling of feedback we're hearing from some of our early adopter customers:
“Cybersecurity is my biggest concern and securing all endpoints in my organization is my current priority. Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection is unique in that it can see exactly what's going on across every endpoint, which other solutions are failing to address.” Greg Petersen, Senior Director, IT Security, Avanade
“You need to have several layers of defenses, and Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection adds to our defense strategy. The worldwide sampling that only Microsoft can offer helps find questionable behavior on our computers and alerts us in a timely manner, making our computers and network safer.” Fran De Hann, Senior Security Advisor, Pella Windows
“Deploying Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection gave us incredible awareness about several critical security vulnerabilities in our network, which we've already taken immediate action to address, along with updating our security policies.” Henrik Pedersen, IT Manager, TDC Hosting, Denmark
We encourage our customers to upgrade to Windows 10 for our most advanced security protection, with the opportunity to take advantage of Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection when it becomes available more broadly this year. We are excited to offer this service to protect our customers.
Terry
Updated June 28, 2018 7:37 am
Download the wad! Basically, thumbs up from me. Though the message of this mod flew right over my head. Sorry, Endowed Creator, I just didn't get it. Still, plays good. Review by Zorah Design 9 "A Doomer's Requiem" is, in essence, is a story about life and death. And... Uh... Actually, that's all I managed to come away with, since the text screens didn't display correctly on my 16:9 screen. That aside, the mod is laid out like a dream sequence of sorts. There aren't many fights, and the maps are quite short. There's some platforming here and there, but it isn't particularly difficult.
What really stands out about this mod is the way that the maps are put together. These aren't tech bases or caverns of Hell. You're in a temple of sorts, trying to piece aspects of your (or the player's, or whoever is depicted as being the subject of the mod) life. So, there is heavy emphasis on temples and religious imagery.
But it isn't just the structure of these areas that was most impressive. The author relies heavily on ACS to bring scripted sequences to life, in the manner of synchronizing lighting to the music that plays, and to convey information through cutscenes. Difficulty: 8 There are two fights in this mod - There's a segment where you have to fend off several bishops in darkness with a sword, and a final Dark Link-esque battle. Neither of which are easy to make it through, but the latter being particularly difficult. There are no hordes here, no cyberdemons, and no lava pits.
Really, that's about it as far as this goes. Five enemies. Last one kicked my ass a few times. But hey, it's a final boss. What do you expect?
Playability: 10 Absolutely no bugs or glitches that I was able to notice. "A Doomer's Requiem" is very well put together, and you should have no problem running this from start to finish. Overall: 9 If you're looking for your usual run and gun gameplay, "A Doomer's Requiem" is not for you. But if you're looking for something different and cinematic (as a matter of fact, is almost completely cinematic), try this one out. It shouldn't take longer than a half an hour to finish. The rest of the screen shots
The last 24 hours or so have been quite the ride for Bitcoin and its mysterious creator Satoshi Nakamoto, as Australian computer scientist Dr. Craig Wright stepped forward to claim that he is the man behind the Japanese pseudonym, and the media (including us) responded rabidly. But as the hot takes on Wright's announcement wear off, a second surge of coverage is rising: redditors, cryptologists, and Bitcoin experts are casting all kinds of doubt on Craig's briefly embraced claim.
If Wright really is Nakamoto, as a rapidly waning portion of the internet still believes him to be, he hasn't done much to prove it. His announcement was met with a tidal wave of suspicion from the beginning, with even the publications he revealed himself to, like the Economist, making sure to hedge their bets. Matthew Green, a cryptography expert and Assistant Professor of computer science at Johns Hopkins University, says Wright's claim is a complete waste of time — at least in its current form.
“I can't even see any reason why anyone would think it's him at this point,” Green told Inverse by phone. “There's really just two or three — no, forget that, there's only one thing you have to do to prove [this], which is show that you have some of the original Bitcoin that Satoshi Nakamoto mined when he created Bitcoin. Just show that you can spend them. Without that happening, I don't even understand why we're paying attention to this.”
Wright scored one more mention in BBC by promising "moving a coin soon". How long this circus will continue? — Oleg Andreev (@oleganza) May 3, 2016
Wright told the BBC that he would move some of these early Bitcoins soon, but has yet to elaborate. He published a new blog post today titled “Extraordinary Claims Require Extraordinary Proof,” presumably to convince us that he plans to provide such proof, but it only seems to have left more people wondering why he's all talk so far. Why all the preamble? Why not just do it? The answer — that Wright is a fake — is being treated as a foregone conclusion by Bitcoin experts and in many threads on Reddit. Wright declared on his blog that his online signature, a statement from Jean-Paul Sartre, text through which Nakamoto had also indicated we would know his identity, was proof — but the evidence was roundly dismissed within hours.
“Wright is lying,” security researcher Dan Kaminsky writes to Inverse. “It's rare I can be so definitive, but the math isn't subtle. He says he (as Satoshi) signed some writings from the French philosopher Sartre, but the signature is seven years old and comes from Bitcoin itself. I have no idea why Wright would say these things, and I wouldn't normally care. Lots of people lie. But very credible people in the Bitcoin community are backing Wright in unusual ways and frankly they're becoming less credible.”
Bitcoin Foundation Chief Scientist Gavin Andresen, who could not be reached for comment, has stated unequivocally that he believes Craig Wright is Satoshi Nakamoto, and that he invented Bitcoin. Seething redditors have been dissecting why exactly Andresen is supporting a story that many believe has been widely discredited.
“The big question is why Gavin says he still believes Wright is Satoshi,” redditor granatheus, a teacher in Norway who's been active in the Bitcoin forum for several years, writes to Inverse. “Has he just been misled or is there something more sinister afoot? Keep in mind that all doubt could be removed by Wright in a minute if he really is who he says he is. Instead he demanded that Andresen sign an NDA and holds a private demonstration for him behind closed doors. There is no valid reason for this.”
Other Redditors also alluded to numerous non-disclosure agreements to Inverse. And Redditor theymos, head administrator of bitcointalk.org and top moderator of /r/Bitcoin, said he'd be “shocked” if Craig really turned out to be Nakamoto in the end.
“Wright has presented zero evidence of any connection with Satoshi,” theymos wrote to Inverse. “In his first attempt several months ago, he was shown to have back-dated blog posts and PGP signatures in an attempt to trick the community into thinking that he was Satoshi. Yesterday, he used a blog post filled with technobabble to trick people into thinking that he signed something using one of Satoshi's likely keys, but it was quickly discovered that he hadn't actually signed anything … There is absolutely no reason for anyone to associate him with Satoshi.”
For all those saying "the identity of Satoshi doesn't matter", of course it matters. The real Satoshi could play havoc with Bitcoin's price. — Matthew Green (@matthew_d_green) May 2, 2016
“There are a lot of people trying to get their name out there,” Green says when asked why someone would claim to be Nakamoto if, in fact, he is not. “Even if a small percentage of people believe the claim, that's more than zero. Maybe you come out of it better off. Doesn't mean the rest of us have to pay him the attention. There's always the possibility he does come along with some real proof, but that will still require him answering why he's fooling around and not responding to the real questions. If he doesn't, I think we pretty much just forget about him. But even if he does, it leaves a lot of questions still about his credibility. By pussyfooting around so much, he's raised the bar for what he has to prove.”
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
UPDATE:
Kaminsky contacted Inverse to say that Andresen responded to him on his website. The Bitcoin Foundation Chief Scientist appears to backtrack in his support of Wright:
Division de Honor de Béisbol is the highest level of baseball in Spain.[1] The league is overseen by the Real Federación Española de Béisbol y Sófbol (RFEBS). It is played principally on weekends. The teams play against each other twice, once at home and once away, in two games during the same day. The champion plays in the European Cup. The official ball of the league is the Rawlings OLB.
Competition format [ edit ]
Ten teams plays in a double-leg round-robin tournament. In each round, teams play two games in the same weekend against the other teams. In the second of each pair of games, the pitcher must be eligible for the Spain national baseball team.
Since 2012, after the regular season, the two first qualified team play the Finals in a best-of-five playoff format. The last qualified is relegated to Primera División A, composed in 2012 by only six teams.
In other way, the first four qualified teams, will play for the Copa del Rey de Béisbol of the next season.
2018 season teams [ edit ]
Astros Navarra
Pamplona Barcelona San Inazio Sant Boi Viladecans Miralbueno Canary Islands División de Honor de Béisbol 2016 teams
Marlins Canary Islands
Champions by season [ edit ]
Titles by club [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Whether it's determining the number of ships on the horizon or the number of cookies in a jar, the human brain has a "map" for perceiving numbers, new research shows.
Topographical maps of the human brain are known to exist for the primary senses, such as sight, hearing and touch, but this is the first time such a map has been found for numerosity, or number sense. The map's layout allows for the most efficient communication among neurons doing similar tasks.
Studies in monkeys have shown that certain neurons in the parietal cortex, located at the back of the brain beneath the crown of the hair, became active when the animals viewed a specific number of items. These studies did not find a map for numerosity, though scientists have long suspected one exists. [The Top 10 Mysteries of the Mind]
Different sites on the brain's surface respond maximally to different numbers of visually presented items.
"Scientists have suspected an ordered mapping of numbers for a long time," said Andreas Nieder, a neurobiologist at the University of Tübingen in Germany, who was not involved in the study. "Many laboratories have been investigating this idea intensively. Finally, Harvey et al. succeeded in convincingly demonstrating a map of numerical quantity in the human brain," he added, referring to researcher Ben Harvey, a neuroscientist at Utrecht University in the Netherlands.
Dots on the mind
In the study, Harvey and his colleagues placed participants in a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanner and showed them patterns of dots that varied in number over time. They would show one dot over and over, then two dots over and over, then three dots, and so on.
The researchers used an advanced imaging method known as high-field fMRI, which allowed them to see fine-scale details of brain activity. They analyzed the neural responses using techniques similar to those used to study the parts of the brain responsible for vision.
The posterior parietal cortex, responded to the dot patterns in an organized way: Small numbers of dots were represented in one area, whereas large numbers were represented in another, the results showed.
It's as if the brain was acting as an abacus. "In an abacus, you map number onto space," Harvey told LiveScience. [5 Seriously Mind-Boggling Math Facts]
The thinking brain
The findings, detailed online today (Sept. 5) in the journal Science, suggest that higher cognitive functions might rely on the same organization principles as sensory systems do. For instance, in face recognition — which is much more complicated than number sense — objects that look similar might be grouped together in the brain, Harvey said.
In these topographical maps, a larger brain area was dedicated to perceiving smaller numbers than to larger ones, in line with previous findings that number sense becomes less precise as the quantity of items increases.
Importantly, numerosity is different from mathematical ability or symbolism. Numerosity only refers to numerical amount.
People vary somewhat in their ability to distinguish numerosity, Harvey said. At the extreme, you have savants — individuals, many of who have autism or a similar disorder, who possess extraordinary abilities in math, art or other areas. Some savants can look at a pile of pick-up sticks, for example, and instantly know how many there are.
"While there's always this map structure, there's not always the same context," Harvey said.
Follow Tanya Lewis on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience.
Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Motivation
To give credit where it's due, the Starbucks app is great. I use it (at a minimum) once per day. It has everything I look for in a great mobile experience — coffee, fire 80's Spotify playlists, and a lack of interaction with other people. I'm clearly not alone in these desires, as 20% of Starbucks transactions in the US are now made using mobile phones.
From Slack integrations to coffee buttons, there are loads of potential integrations that could be built if they opened their API to third-party developers. They're clearly moving in that direction, as they have both a Twitter account and a (password protected) website for developers.
I couldn't wait, however, so I decided to take matters into my own hands.
They Didn't Make It Easy
As it turns out, the Starbucks app is a tough nut to crack. Despite the URL being “openapi.starbucks.com,” there are quite a few obscure hoops to jump through before one can even begin analyzing the calls the app makes. As should be the case with any app that processes payments, Starbucks has taken many security measures to secure the APIs their app uses from unauthorized use. Here are some of them:
SSL certificate pinning
Fingerprinting attributes of your mobile phone to see if it's “phonelike”
Encrypting that fingerprint using AES, with a 256-bit key and a random initialization vector
Signing requests with the current timestamp
Observing Network Requests
First things first, I needed a way to observe the requests and responses between the Starbucks app and their servers. Normally, I'd just point my iPhone at Charles (or mitmproxy) and I'd be on my way.
Not this time! Since the app uses certificate pinning, I wasn't able to intercept any of the requests as I normally would. Instead, I had to dig up an old Android phone, root it, install a framework called Xposed, and finally install an extension that injects itself in running applications and disables SSL pinning.
DENVER -- Vic Beasley Jr. mentioned last week how he had talked to Von Miller before the season, picking Miller's brain on how to become a better pass-rusher.
Maybe it had something do with being on Miller's home turf, but something finally clicked for Beasley on Sunday.
Beasley, a first-round draft pick in 2015, had a breakout game in the Falcons' 23-16 win over Miller's Broncos. He had 3.5 sacks, just a half-sack less than he had all of last season, and now leads the team with 4.5 sacks through five games.
"I just kept working," Beasley said. "I hadn't been able to get sacks in the past couple of games. I just kept the confidence, and I kept going. ... It was just working my craft. I was able to beat them around the edge a couple times and get them off balance. Things were just going my way."
Vic Beasley Jr. celebrates after one of his 3.5 sacks against the Broncos. Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports
Things certainly will slide in favor of the 4-1 Falcons if they develop consistency with their pass rush moving forward. They entered Sunday with just four sacks on the season and now have double digits with 10. Remember, the Falcons were last in the league with 19 sacks a year ago.
And they've often talked about rushing in unison, which is exactly what happened against the Broncos. Dwight Freeney also had a sack, his third consecutive game with one, as did Grady Jarrett. Adrian Clayborn combined on a sack with Beasley, and the Falcons had eight quarterback hits on rookie Paxton Lynch, who clearly was rattled.
"It feels good," Freeney said of getting the pass rush going. "I'm glad I can just help out, help this team turn the corner in that area. I don't care who gets it. As long as we get out there and get after that quarterback, that's what it's about. That's why we're here.
"Vic did a tremendous job. But it wasn't just Vic. Those guys were balling out and hitting the quarterback. Clayborn was hitting the quarterback even though he didn't have the big number [of sacks]. Just guys were going out there balling. And a young guy like [Beasley] going out there and having three-and-a-half, it's an amazing game for him, and I'm happy for him."
Falcons coach Dan Quinn said he felt the same way about Beasley.
"The get-off jumped out at me today," Quinn said. "He really looked quick off the ball. ... We knew it was going to be a good environment, and the speed off the ball was what set him off today."
As good as the Falcons feel about getting the pass rush ignited, they'll have to sustain it against a rested Russell Wilson and the Seahawks next Sunday in Seattle.
"It's week to week," Freeney said. "People assume sometimes, 'Oh, it happened this week, it's always going to happen next week and it's going to continue.' That's what we want to do. That's our mentality. But it's not always going to be that way.
"Let's think positive here and hope [Wilson] holds onto the ball. They're watching that film. They have two weeks to prepare for us. They're going to have a great game plan on protecting Russell."
Proposed rail safety laws introduced today will make railways and crude oil shippers responsible for the cost of accidents, federal Transport Minister Lisa Raitt says.
The Safe and Accountable Rail Act will bring in minimum insurance requirements for railway crude oil shippers using federally regulated railways, from $25 million for carriers of minimally dangerous goods to $1 billion for substantial quantities of them, Raitt said at a news conference.
Two new liability insurance levels — $100 million and $250 million — will be phased in during the two years after the bill receives royal assent. Companies will be required to come up with half that amount in the first year and the full amount the year after that.
Companies that ship crude oil will also have to pay a fee per tonne shipped that will go into a $250-million backup fund to cover costs above what their insurance covers if they're involved in an accident involving crude oil.
Raitt said the changes bring railway crude oil shippers in line with other transporters of oil such as pipelines and tankers and were related to the 2013 Lac-Mégantic derailment and explosion and the general increase in moving oil by rail.
"How stunned were we all to learn there was only $25 million of insurance for that railway at the time, and there wasn't enough to even come close to compensating what happened to the families in that community and what happened environmentally," she said.
"Today is a huge step forward on that."
Raitt said CN and CP would be required have $1 billion in liability insurance.
In an email, CP spokesman Jeremy Berry said the railway has received the details about the proposed changes and is reviewing them.
CN spokesman Mark Hallman​ said in an email the company is reviewing the proposals and has no comment at this time.
Latest proposed changes after Lac-Mégantic
The government is also proposing more powers for the minister of transportation and inspectors to order railway companies to take specific measures or stop activities they deem necessary for safety reasons, plus new regulations requiring companies to "integrate safety into their day-to-day operations," according to a news release.
A runaway train carrying crude oil derailed and exploded in the community of Lac-Mégantic, Que., killing 47 people in July 2014.
As an example, Raitt said, railway companies would be required to follow "principles of fatigue science" when scheduling employees to make sure they're properly rested.
She said Transport Canada and counterparts in the United States are also in the final stages of developing "new, next-generation tank car standards for flammable liquids" to reduce the chance of leaks after a derailment and are working to have those in place by 2017.
Raitt said these changes were mentioned in the speech from the throne and would affect the Railway Safety Act and Canada Transportation Act.
Some of the other changes put in place since the Lac-Mégantic explosion left 47 people dead include requiring trains carrying dangerous cargo to have at least a two-person crew, removing the least crash-resistant DOT-111 tanker cars from circulation and minimum requirements for hand brakes and other equipment that could protect from similar incidents.
However, liability insurance was one of the issues raised after the crash that had not been addressed until this point.
The company involved in the Lac-Mégantic explosion, Montreal, Maine and Atlantic Railway, was banned from operating in Canada because it didn't have the required third-party liability insurance or enough money to cover the self-insured portion of its coverage.
When complete, the windfarm will deliver up to 1,800 megawatts of low carbon electricity to around 1.8 million UK homes.
The windfarm would create up to 1,960 construction jobs and 580 operational and maintenance jobs. If built to the full capacity, the investment would total around £6bn providing a great opportunity for economic growth in the Humber region and beyond.
Business and Energy Secretary Greg Clark said:
The UK's offshore wind industry has grown at an extraordinary rate over the last few years, and is a fundamental part of our plans to build a clean, affordable, secure energy system.
Britain is a global leader in offshore wind, and we're determined to be one of the leading destinations for investment in renewable energy, which means jobs and economic growth right across the country.
Located approximately 89km off the Yorkshire coast, the windfarm will comprise up to 300 wind turbines and will connect to the grid at North Killingholme in North Lincolnshire.
The Government is making £730m of financial support available for renewable electricity generation this Parliament, sending a clear signal that the UK is open for business. We expect 10GW of offshore wind installed by the end of this decade and could see up to 10GW of new offshore wind in the 2020s as costs come down.
The decision was made on the merits of the scheme based on a report and recommendation from the Planning Inspectorate which is being published today.
Automated journalism like that produced by Narrative Science could perhaps save media jobs, but it can also hurt civil discourse
William Gottlieb/Library of Congress.
Can technology be autonomous? Does it lead a life of its own and operate independently of human guidance? From the French theologian Jacques Ellul to the Unabomber, this used to be widely accepted. Today, however, most historians and sociologists of technology dismiss it as naive and inaccurate.
Yet the world of modern finance is increasingly dependent on automated trading, with sophisticated computer algorithms finding and exploiting pricing irregularities that are invisible to ordinary traders.
Meanwhile, Forbes—one of financial journalism's most venerable institutions—now employs a company called Narrative Science to automatically generate online articles about what to expect from upcoming corporate earnings statements. Just feed it some statistics and, within seconds, the clever software produces highly readable stories. Or, as Forbes puts it, “Narrative Science, through its proprietary artificial intelligence platform, transforms data into stories and insights.”
Don't miss the irony here: Automated platforms are now “writing” news reports about companies that make their money from automated trading. These reports are eventually fed back into the financial system, helping the algorithms to spot even more lucrative deals. Essentially, this is journalism done by robots and for robots. The only upside here is that humans get to keep all the cash.
Narrative Science is one of several companies developing automated journalism software. These startups work primarily in niche fields—sports, finance, real estate—in which news stories tend to follow the same pattern and revolve around statistics. Now they are entering the political reporting arena, too. A new service from Narrative Service generates articles about how the U.S. electoral race is reflected in social media, what issues and candidates are most and least discussed in a particular state or region, and similar topics. It can even incorporate quotes from the most popular and interesting tweets into the final article. Nothing covers Twitter better than the robots.
It's easy to see why Narrative Science's clients—the company says it has 30—find it useful. First of all, it's much cheaper than paying full-time journalists who tend to get sick and demand respect. As reported in the New York Times last September, one of Narrative Science's clients in the construction industry pays less than $10 per 500-word article—and there is no one to fret about the terrible working conditions. And that article takes only a second to compose. Not even Christopher Hitchens could beat that deadline. Second, Narrative Science promises to be more comprehensive—and objective—than any human reporter. Few journalists have the time to find, process, and analyze millions of tweets, but Narrative Science can do so easily and, more importantly, instantaneously. It doesn't just aim to report fancy statistics—it attempts to understand what those numbers mean and communicate this significance to the reader. Would Narrative Science have unmasked the Watergate? Probably not. But then most news stories are easier to report and decipher.
Narrative Science's founders claim that they simply want to help—not exterminate!—journalism, and they may very well be sincere. Reporters are likely to hate their guts, but some publishers, ever concerned with paying the bills, would surely embrace them with open arms. In the long run, however, the civic impact of such technologies—which are only in their infancy today—may be more problematic.
If there is one unambiguous trend in how the Internet is developing today, it's the drive toward the personalization of our online experience. Everything we click, read, search, and watch online is increasingly the result of some delicate optimization effort, whereby our previous clicks, searches, “likes,” purchases, and interactions determine what appears in our browsers and apps.
Until recently, many Internet critics have feared that such personalization of the Internet may usher in a world in which we see only articles that reflect our existent interests and never venture outside of our comfort zones. Social media, with its never-ending flurry of links and mini-debates, have made some of these concerns obsolete. But the rise of “automated journalism” may eventually present a new and different challenge, one that the excellent discovery mechanisms of social media cannot solve yet: What if we click on the same link that, in theory, leads to the same article but end up reading very different texts?
How will it work? Imagine that my online history suggests that I hold an advanced degree and that I spend a lot of time on the websites of the Economist or the New York Review of Books; as a result, I get to see a more sophisticated, challenging, and informative version of the same story as my USA Today-reading neighbor. If one can infer that I'm also interested in international news and global justice, a computer-generated news article about Angelina Jolie might end by mentioning her new film about the war in Bosnia. My celebrity-obsessed neighbor, on the other hand, would see the same story end with some useless gossipy tidbit about Brad Pitt.
Producing and tweaking stories on the spot, customized to suit the interests and intellectual habits of just one particular reader, is exactly what automated journalism allows—and why it's worth worrying about. Advertisers and publishers love such individuation, which could push users to spend more time on their sites. But the social implications are quite dubious. At the very least, there's a danger that some people might get stuck in a vicious news circle, consuming nothing but information junk food and having little clue that there is a different, more intelligent world out there. And the communal nature of social media would reassure them that they aren't really missing anything. Naturally, it can also be the next step in the evolution of much-hated content farms like Demand Media.
Consider what might happen if, as seems likely, big technology companies enter this business and displace small players like Narrative Science. Take Amazon. Its Kindle e-reader allows users to look up unknown words in the electronic dictionary and underline their favorite sentences; Amazon records and stores such information on its servers. This would come in handy if (when?) Amazon decides to build a personalized and fully automated news digest: After all, it knows what newspapers I read, what kinds of articles attract my attention, what sentences I tend to like, and what words I find puzzling. And I already own their device, where I can read such news digests—for free!
Or consider Google. Not only does it know my information habits better than anyone—even more so with its recently unified privacy policy—but it also operates Google News, a sophisticated news aggregator, which gives it superb analytical insight into current affairs. Thanks to its highly popular Google Translate service, it also knows how to piece sentences together.
Given all this, the idea that greater automation could save journalism seems short-sighted. However, innovators like Narrative Science are not to blame; used narrowly, their technologies may actually save costs and perhaps even allow some journalists—provided they can keep their jobs!—to pursue more interesting analytical projects rather than rewrite the same story every week.
The real threat comes from our refusal to investigate the social and political consequences of living in a world where reading anonymously becomes a near impossibility. It's a world that advertisers—along with Google, Facebook, and Amazon—can't wait to inhabit, but it's also a world where critical, erudite and unconventional thinking may become harder to nurture and preserve.
This article arises from Future Tense, a collaboration among Arizona State University, the New America Foundation, and Slate. Future Tense explores the ways emerging technologies affect society, policy, and culture. To read more, visit the Future Tense blog and the Future Tense home page. You can also follow us on Twitter.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is dismissing rumors of a 2018 Senate run in a Sunday Facebook post, saying his current priority is redistricting reform.
“I'm deeply flattered by all of the people who have approached me about running for Senate, but my mission right now is to bring sanity to Washington through redistricting reform like we passed here in California,” the actor and former Republican California governor wrote.
“Gerrymandering has completely broken our political system and I believe my best platform to help repair it is from the outside, by campaigning for independent redistricting commissions,” he continued.
Politico first reported that the former actor could be considering a Senate run.
ADVERTISEMENT
Despite his Facebook post, Schwarzenegger spokesman Daniel Ketchell did not directly reject a possible Senate bid.
“Right now Gov. Schwarzenegger's focus is on using his platform to bring some sensibility and coherency to Washington by fighting for redistricting reform, like we did in California. We are keeping all of our options open as far as how we can accomplish that,” Ketchell told Politico in an email on Thursday.
Schwarzenegger's response to critical tweets from President Trump likely fed into the buzz about a political run.
When Trump slammed Schwarzenegger, his successor as host of “The Celebrity Apprentice,” for “bad ratings,” Schwarzenegger posted a video suggesting they swap jobs.
Schwarzenegger quit his "Apprentice" role earlier this month, citing “baggage” as a reason for his departure.
Trump, however, suggested in a tweet that Schwarzenegger was fired.
Politico reports that Republicans talked about the possibility of Schwarzenegger running partly because he would challenge the longtime Democratic incumbent in California, Sen. Dianne Feinstein Dianne Emiel FeinsteinHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Ocasio-Cortez adviser says Sunrise confrontation with 'old-timer' Feinstein 'sad' Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid MORE.
“[It] would give Arnold the stage to jam Trump for the next 16 months,'' one GOP strategist told Politico.
York had capitulated to the Norwegians, but the victors did not enter the city in force, perhaps because Earl Tostig was anxious that his capital should not be looted. It was arranged that hostages from various parts of the shire should be brought in; and the Norwegian army retired to Stamford Bridge to await their arrival. The choice of Stamford Bridge is interesting. It lies seven miles to the east of York, athwart the river Derwent. Many tracks converged on it; but it is also worth noting that it was on the Roman road to the coast. If unforeseen disaster overtook the fleet 15 miles away at Riccall, the army was in position to retreat along this route to the coast.On Monday, September 25th, the Norsemen lay about the meadows beside the Derwent. It was very hot; and, the Heimskringla tells us, the men had cast off their heavy mail and gear. They could relax; they were conquerors. Suddenly a mass of ‘shining shields and bright armour' was seen approaching from the direction of York. Harold of England had swept through the city and pushed straight on to Stamford Bridge. The enemy was astounded; they had no suspicion that England's army of the South was in their neighbourhood. This is one of the clearest pieces of evidence that an English fifth column did not exist.Despite some contrary opinions, it seems that the Battle of Stamford Bridge must have lasted most of the day. Every foothold was contested. From the beginning to the end, the English were on the offensive. First they fell upon the Norwegians who occupied the western bank of the river. Then came the ferocious struggle for the ford, which appears to have been the real crossing of the water. The celebrated story of the mighty Viking who held the bridge may be based on fact; but it was probably no more than a wooden footbridge beside the ford. Hardrada, taken unawares, and knowing that his army had suffered grievous depletion at Fulford, formed a ring or defensive ‘square' on the eastern side of the river, where the houses of the village now stand, along an elevated ridge. He also sent an urgent message to his lieutenant Eystein Orre, who was with the ships at Riccall, ordering him to bring up reinforcements. But the Norwegian seems never to have been able to extricate himself from the remorseless English pressure; and before the day was done, he lost his life, as did his friend Tostig. Harald of Norway was a mighty soldier. As one looks now across the fields, the cottages and the gardens to the distant Howardian Hills, one wonders whether his big bones still lie here, and, if so, where on should measure the ‘seven feet of English ground' that Harold of England granted him.The Battle of Stamford Bridge was decisive in our history; it ended once and for all the long dream of Scandinavian adventurers that they might one day annex this agriculturally rich island. Remnants of the English army that had been defeated at Fulford no doubt had their revenge here; and earls Morcar and Edwin may well have participated, for they remained faithful to the King. After having sent home the fragments of the Norwegian force in 24 of their 200 ships, Harold celebrated his triumph at York; but almost immediately he received news that William had landed at Pevensey. Once more, with his soldiers, he took to the road, this time southward. His last command was to Morcar and Edwin, whom he urged to raise a new levy from Mercia and Northumbria, and hasten to his aid. This they loyally did; but by the time they reached London, William had become the Conqueror and Harold was dead. All these events belong to a far distant past; yet we still feel for the tragedy of Harold Godwinson. Had the Norsemen not prevailed at Fulford, a much more powerful army would have confronted William at Hastings; and the North country would have met the invaders shoulder to shoulder with the South.
Bonhams is excited to announce the sale of two iconic guitars once owned by superstars Jimi Hendrix and Prince. The instruments are among the highlights in Bonhams' Entertainment Memorabilia auction on 15 December in Knightsbridge, London.
Jimi Hendrix's longest-owned guitar (estimated at £80,000-120,000) will lead the sale. An Epiphone acoustic in sunburst finish, it was in Hendrix's possession for almost three years – longer than any other guitar used in his short but ground-breaking career. Jimi paid for this 1951 Epiphone with money earned from the legendary Monterey International Pop Music Festival and subsequent American concerts. It was bought, as Noel Redding recalled, "second hand, for about $25, in New York after our first tour of the States".
Jimi's return home with new guitars was no surprise to girlfriend Kathy Etchingham. She remembered it was 'used very, very heavily, continuously, all the time' at their Upper Berkeley Street flat. Use of an amp was restricted for fear of a second eviction (they had been moved out of their previous flat following noise complaints) and so the Epiphone was vital. As Etchingham noted, "Jimi used it for almost everything he composed in this country ... He constantly played it to work out riffs and song arrangements including his own version of Dylan's All Along The Watchtower."
The Epiphone can be identified in various photographs and amateur film footage exists showing Jimi playing Elvis Presley's Hound Dog on this guitar at the after-show party following The Experience's Royal Albert Hall concert of February 1969. The following year, in March 1970, Jimi gave the Epiphone to Alan Parker, guitarist with Blue Mink. The guitar was subsequently used by Parker on numerous recordings and film soundtracks including those by Dusty Springfield, Walker Brothers, Blue Mink, Paul McCartney and on David Bowie's Diamond Dogs. The Epiphone is sold with a hard case marked A. Parker.
Prince's unmistakable Cloud Guitar, custom made and taken on the 'Act I & II, Prince and the New Power Generation Tours' of 1993, is estimated at £25,000-30,000. The star was synonymous with his custom Schecter guitars. He used the Cloud model throughout his career, re-spraying the colour to coordinate with new looks he was adopting.
The vendor won this Cloud in an MTV competition in 1993. The prize included travelling with the New Power Generation band on their tour bus during the Act II tour in Germany, watching Prince on stage and meeting the star for a private performance before she was handed the Cloud on stage by NPG guitarist Levi Seacer Jr.
The guitar features a double cutaway maple body with extended scrolling horn and 22 fret fingerboard decorated with Roman numerals. Also included in this remarkable lot is the original Paisley Park Enterprises letter authenticating the guitar and confirming its presentation to the current vendor, as well as copies of much of the touring itinerary and travelling paperwork and the programme from the Act I tour with Prince holding this guitar.
These guitars are amongst a starry line up of instruments, costumes and props in Bonhams' forthcoming Entertainment Memorabilia sale on 15 December.
Tip 977 Printable Monobook Previous Next created 2005 · complexity basic · version 6.0
It's possible to reformat an entire file, or a section of a file, using Vim's built-in = filter. Vim veterans often find this operator to be one of the most useful in their repertoire, but so common that it becomes second-nature and is rarely mentioned.
In normal mode, typing gg=G will reindent the entire file. This is a special case; = is an operator. Just like d or y , it will act on any text that you move over with a cursor motion command. In this case, gg positions the cursor on the first line, then =G re-indents from the current cursor position to the end of the buffer.
In visual mode, typing = will fix indentation of the current section. Thus, an equivalent but less efficient command to accomplish the same as gg=G in normal mode, would be ggVG to select the entire buffer in visual mode, followed by = to re-indent the entire selection.
The power of = is certainly not limited to the entire file. == will re-indent just the current line, or the = operator can be combined with text-objects for very powerful results.
If you often re-indent large areas (like the entire file, or a large text object), it can be useful to map a key to do it for you, using marks to restore your position. To format and return the same line where you were, just add this mapping to your vimrc:
map <F7> gg=G<C-o><C-o>
Now, just press <F7> whenever you want to format your file.
Note, the = operator works using whatever automatic indentation settings you have turned on. If you don't have this set up, see indenting source code before using.
See also Edit
By Captain Pyke | June 8, 2012 - 11:51 pm
In what Apple is billing as "Lunchtime Sessions" at its World Wide Developer Conference or WWDC, both Star Trek & Star Trek 2 director JJ Abrams & Star Trek: The Next Generation's LeVar Burton are scheduled to speak. Held at the Moscone West in San Francisco and set to run June 11th to the 15th, WWDC is the premiere event for Apple OSX & iOS developers. Hopefully you've already got your tickets and are set to attend because the conference has been sold out for weeks now. If you are going, be sure to check both of these sessions, they look like they'll satisfy both your inner Apple and Trek fan.
LeVar Burton's Lunchtime Session:
Technology and Storytelling: Making a Difference in the Digital Age
Join LeVar Burton as he shares the powerful impact that his mentors, technology, storytelling and science fiction have had on his life and how each has helped to shape his incredible life's work. Be there as LeVar concludes the session with a personal demonstration of how he employs today's latest technologies in his efforts to educate and enlighten — a world premier peek at his latest project, the Reading Rainbow App.
Wednesday at 12:45 - 1:45 PM in Presidio
JJ Abrams's Lunchtime Session:
The Physics of Inspiration
Where do ideas come from, and where do they lead? What is technology's evolving role in storytelling? Filmmaker J.J. Abrams discusses his passion for blending analog with more modern tools in moviemaking and how he wrestles with what he sees as both the freedoms and challenges presented by today's prosumer gadgetry. J.J. will also share his views on the importance of improvisation and experimentation in inspiring creative visual techniques and new forms of narrative.
Friday at 12:45 - 1:45 PM in Presidio
Check out the official WWDC website here.
(Source Apple via Apple Insider)
SPRINGFIELD - MGM Springfield will unveil a revised site plan for its casino project on Tuesday, including a proposal to reduce the size of its hotel from a 25-story tower to a six-story hotel at a new location.
The revised plans will be submitted to the city and to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission for needed approval.
Michael Mathis, president and chief executive officer of MGM Springfield, described various changes to design as improvements.
The project changes will not reduce the $800 million cost of the project and could result in an increase in cost, Mathis said, in a letter to Mayor Domenic J. Sarno.
The 25-story glass-facade hotel was planned at 73 State St., but the hotel is being moved to the corner of Main and Howard streets, according to the revised plans. The new hotel site was initially planned for market-rate apartments, but the housing will be moved outside the casino footprint, according to MGM.
The glass-facade hotel design has been abandoned altogether. The hotel will continue to have 250 rooms, as was initially slated in plans, despite the change in design from 25 floors to six floors.
"I believe this is one of the most exciting moments in the history of MGM Springfield," Mathis said. "As we collaborate with the city on what is best from an economic development perspective, the finer details are taking shape and our programming is improving minute by minute."
Sources told The Republican that talks were ongoing between MGM Resorts International officials working in Springfield and Peter Picknelly' s real estate firm, the OPAL Real Estate Group, to bring market-rate housing to the nearby and long-vacant building at 13-31 Elm St. in Court Square.
Previously, the two groups were in discussions to bring a boutique hotel to the site, which is owned by the Springfield Redevelopment Authority.
The change in design occurs as MGM faces potential expanded competition from Connecticut casinos.
The tribes that operate Mohegan Sun and Foxwoods Resort Casino are planing a joint venture to build a third casino in Connecticut to compete with the Springfield casino project.Several towns along the I-91 corridor, not far from Springfield, are currently in the running.
MGM Resorts International officials plan to present the design changes to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission on Thursday.
Among other design changes being released on Tuesday are the MGM parking garage, which has been reduced in size by one floor, according to plans. In addition, an outdoor plaza appears to be larger in the revised plans.
Regarding the plan for market rate apartments, MGM states that conversations are under way with property owners of nearby residential sites, adding that it will complement the casino development. MGM had estimated having 54 market rate apartments on site, now planned off-site.
"We have never lost sight of how important it is to integrate our development and its unique design needs with this historic New England downtown, Mathis said in a prepared release. "We think the changes along Main Street and this new layout is more in line with a true downtown mixed-use development that will make MGM Springfield the premier urban resort in the industry."
MGM is building its casino project on a 14.5 acre, three-block area in the downtown-South End area. After being granted a request to delay its opening, due to the timing of the I-91 highway reconstruction project, the casino is scheduled to open in September of 2018, one year after the initially planned date.
The revised plans represent proposed amendments to the Host Community Agreement between MGM and the city, and must be submitted for approval by the City Council in conjunction with the site plan review process, City Solicitor Edward M. Pikula said.
There are no changes to the requirements under the Host Community Agreement for job creation and financial commitments, according to city officials.
Under the agreement, MGM is slated to create at least 3,000 casino-related jobs and 2,000 construction jobs, and provide millions of dollars in new revenue to the city and state.
Kevin Kennedy, the city's chief development officer, said the revisions "are a major step toward stimulating the broader economic development associated with the project."
"Once these plans are finalized we will likely see more construction activity downtown," Kennedy said. "I like the idea that the market rate housing projects are planned offsite. Not only does it spread the benefits to a wider area, but the housing can be constructed and opened soon than the casino."
The casino project is being developed between Main Street and East Columbus Avenue from east to west, and from State Street to Union Street from north to south.
Editor's Note: MGM released a statement late Tuesday morning saying that the design changes being proposed for the casino project call for a six-story hotel, not a five-story hotel, as the company stated in an earlier release. The lobby would be located on the first floor, adjacent to retail, and guest rooms would be located on floors two through six.
Win-Win-Win For Electric Cars, Nissan, Bhutan
February 22nd, 2014 by Sandy Dechert
Photo of a Leaf negotiating Thimphu, capital city of Bhutan, released by Nissan 2/21/14.
A new agreement between leading EV manufacturer Renault-Nissan and the Asian mountain nation of Bhutan looks like a win for both parties, and a great development for electric vehicles in general. Carlos Ghosn, Nissan's chief executive officer, visited Bhutan this week to cement the deal with Tshering Tobgay, the Himalayan country's progressive new prime minister.
Bhutan stands to gain strength as a nation by aggressive pursuit of non-fossil vehicles like the Leaf. It may also become an environmental role model for other nations. Wedged between India and China, Bhutan's 27 hydroelectric plants export huge amounts of power in both directions. However, as noted in our earlier article on this topic, the country suffers from its need to import petroleum. Without the burden of internal combustion engines, Bhutan can drop major expenditures and head for energy self-sufficiency, or better. Tobgay aims to cut Bhutan's fossil fuel imports by a whopping 70%. The nation's compact area and its light-duty industrial focus (40% of all jobs are in agriculture) make it an ideal candidate for EV conversion.
As for Nissan, the new move doesn't seem all that important on the surface–the giant manufacturer has deals in about 100 other countries, many of them larger–but Nissan will benefit greatly from the Bhutan agreement for a number of reasons. First, although other EV brands are also welcome, Nissan will gain most because it has captured a large share of the market up front. The government vehicles already contracted and taxis in the second purchase round make up about 10–15% of all of Bhutan's cars and small trucks. The taxi fleet alone will equal about 3.5% of all EVs the company has sold worldwide so far. And the Leafs will start arriving in about a week….
Will the price tag on these zero-emissions Nissans be too high for local customers? Bloomberg News quoted residents of the capital city as expressing skepticism. A travel agent asked the reporter, “Will the electric cars be cheap? If not, then it won't make a difference.”
Not much at first to individuals, perhaps, but certainly to the economy and the Franco-Japanese manufacturing alliance. World Bank data reportedly show that at a US non-discounted starting price of $28,000, the Leaf costs about 12 times times the average income of a person in Bhutan. Because few but high-income residents have cars currently, the situation for most citizens will not change. “If we can get international agencies and individuals to support us to subsidize one-third of that price, it becomes very affordable,” Tobgay pointed out.
Ghosn said it's too early for Nissan to shake out an initial vehicle price. Government investment will probably encourage more consumers, and subsequent economies of scale will likely make EVs more affordable. Bhutan is also considering exempting electric cars from import duties and taxes. And, of course, the money saved by switching from fossil fuel imports will benefit the entire population.
John Voelcker of Green Car Reports and others note that Nissan will work with Bhutan on modifications to suit local conditions. Distance above sea level does not mandate adaptations. Although, average elevation in Bhutan is 8,000 feet (almost 3,000 meters), which makes a huge difference to propulsion of internal combustion engines (although less so when turbocharged)–however, altitude hardly matters with electric-powered cars.
Nonetheless, factors that accompany elevation do make a difference to performance of all kinds of vehicles. Bhutan's a speck on the global scale, but consider that similar mountain ranges cover approximately 20% of the world's surface, originate 80% of its fresh water, and house 10% of its population, totaling 715 million people. Among the world's million-plus metropolitan areas over a mile high are several huge cities in Mexico, including its capital; urban areas in Central and South America; and other places, like Nairobi, Addis Ababa, Kabul, and Sana'a (Yemen).
High-altitude regions differ in some aspects (proximity to the equator, distance to water, types of landforms, and biomes, for example), but they share important characteristics like difficult terrain, rapid variations in weather–sometimes including more precipitation–and temperature, and increased vulnerability to natural disasters like earthquakes, volcanism, avalanche, landslides, and severe erosion. All of these factors contribute to making Bhutan an ideal laboratory for honing electric vehicles to accommodate challenging conditions like excessive slopes, switchbacks, mudslides, and even gravel or dirt roadways. (Fully 40% of Bhutan's roads are unpaved.)
The deal between Nissan and Bhutan is likely good news for everybody involved in the electric vehicle explosion of the 20-teens. There's no question that the position of EVs will improve in general from these guaranteed sales. Nissan brings to the table the #1 electric vehicle in the world, sales and marketing experience, and design/engineering skills. Bhutan, a laboratory for mountainous testing conditions, constitutes a mighty powerful and relatively captive test market with a favorable, environmentally motivated government. And EVs on the whole benefit not only by a guaranteed increase in their numbers and visibility. They also gain more experience with government/manufacturer partnering and a sturdier grasp on the world's most difficult road conditions.
From left to right: Rubicoin, Openfolio, and StockTwits with Robinhood integration
Robinhood itself isn't getting any new features, but users who also have accounts with Robinhood's new partners will get to use widgets and buttons inside those respective apps. For social financial platforms StockTwits and Openfolio, this means looking at trading activity and immediately being able to trade without having to switch into Robinhood's app. The same is true for Quantopian, a maker of trading algorithms. Perhaps best of all, routing through Robinhood means users can trade without paying commission fees.
“It's never been done before in this space,” says Robinhood cofounder Vladimir Tenev. “It connects Robinhood customers to powerful investment tools, and actually adds value to these partners who have a lot of interesting tools in finance but have not been able to transact seamlessly before.”
Robinhood chose to partner with existing companies rather than expand its own portfolio of services so that everyone involved is focusing on what they already specialize in, says Tenev.
“There's been a lot of creativity in the space, and no possible way that we can create every type of product for every customer,” he adds. “The interface cannot possibly stay focused and easy-to-use if we were to add every possible feature that a financial customer might want within Robinhood.”
Natural exposure to Robinhood through those widgets could mean more users filtering in from partner services, but any projected user gains are hard to predict, says Tenev. There are more partnerships on the horizon, but Robinhood isn't talking about which companies will be involved.
Close
Many Tesla Model 3 owners may not get a tax credit offered on the purchase of electric vehicles (EV).
Tesla has announced that the first Model 3 will be delivered in December 2017. The company has also confirmed receiving reservations for more than 325,000 Model 3.
"A week ago, we started taking reservations for Model 3, and the excitement has been incredible. We've now received more than 325,000 reservations, which corresponds to about $14 billion in implied future sales, making this the single biggest one-week launch of any product ever. This interest has spread completely organically. Unlike other major product launches, we haven't advertised or paid for any endorsements," says Tesla.
Customers in the U.S. can get a federal tax credit of $7,500 for buying an EV. However, the limitations on the tax credit means that some customers may have to go empty-handed.
According to the Internal Revenue Code Section 30D, tax credits on EVs starts decreasing once a carmaker has sold 200,000 qualifying EVs in the U.S.
Tesla has not confirmed the total number of vehicles sold; however, in a letter to shareholders the company confirmed sales of about 42,000 Model S in 2014 and 2015. The automaker is also expected to deliver about 80,000 to 90,000 EVs this year. Analysts suggest that Tesla may sell 200,000 units mark by 2018, which is when the Model 3 is estimated to be delivered to most of the customers.
When Tesla has sold 200,000 EVs then the tax credit goes into a "phase out period," and the tax credits will be reduced to 50 percent in the following six months and then to 25 percent over the next six months.
However, some analysts have found a loop in the rule. The tax credit of $7,500 is not cut until the end of the quarter after which a company has delivered 200,000 cars. Tesla may intentionally hit the limit on the first day of the quarter and then deliver the remaining vehicles within the next six months, which will allow customers to save $7,500.
Elon Musk, the CEO and founder of Tesla, has not discussed the issue but his tweet hints that the company will take advantage of the loophole.
@RyanCasburn We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) 3 April 2016
Getting a federal tax credit is one of the major incentives for customers to but an EV. The sales of Tesla Model 3 may get affected if customers do not get this incentive.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
If you asked a typical Millennial what troubles them the most, you'd be hard-pressed to find terrorism, climate change, or even unemployment at the top of the list. So, what is their biggest concern? DEBT.
With Millennials, between the ages of 18-34, numbering 74 million strong and surpassing Baby Boomers as the largest living generation, maybe it's a good idea for Baby Boomers to rally around Millennials before they sink deeper and deeper into the indebted abyss. So, what is the main source of debt? Student loans are crippling our youth. In a recent Forbes article by Maggie McGrath, “…outstanding student debt in the U.S. has ballooned – $1.2 trillion and counting — and rates of home-buying, marriage and child-bearing among young adults have gone in the opposite direction…”
According to Bankrate, Millennials who are carrying these debt burdens experience hardship because, “Falling into debt can cripple your prospects for long-term financial health…” When asked to discuss other outcomes with this high debt burden, Michael Guillemette, Ph.D., CFP, explains that, “Once you can no longer pay your debts, the true damage begins. Perhaps your credit score takes a tumble. Or maybe you lose your home to foreclosure. Even worse, runaway debt can create pressures that rip apart families.” Also, according to Bankrate, “More than 1 in 7 federal loan borrowers default within three years of starting repayment.”
This debt for Millennials may also cause them to suffer from low credit scores and overall reduction of future access to borrowing, according to U.S. News & World Report. It would be really unfortunate if this emerging generation gets dubbed, “Generation Subprime“ as the article indicates. We are all too familiar with the effects of how lending and borrowing can contribute to economic meltdown.
According to a survey conducted by Accounting Today, “Forty-two percent of millennials said their debt is ‘overwhelming,' twice the rate of Baby Boomers who were also surveyed for the sake of comparison.” By the way, we Baby Boomers do acknowledge the fact that this generation faces more financial challenges than we ever did. How does this debt affect this generation? Over half are not yet saving for their future.
What can we do to help our Millennials out of this quicksand of debt?
Tip #1: Understand Credit Scores and Credit Score Management
Help your Millennial know where they have been before you can help them get to where they want to go. Start with their credit score and credit report. Their credit report contains information about their financial history; how they pay their bills, whether they have been sued or arrested, or have filed for bankruptcy, etc. The credit reporting companies, Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion, sell the information in their report to creditors, insurers, employers and others to use that to evaluate their applications for credit. There is a big move to get the reporting companies to be more responsive to any errors they have made. The Fair Credit Reporting Act is looking over their shoulder.
If your Millennial has not done this yet, help them to order a free copy of their credit report and help them to make sure that it is accurate. According to CreditCards.com, if they find mistakes, they are advised to report these online and in hard copy. I know we all hate “snail mail,” but if you or your Millennial ends up hiring a lawyer for a dispute, hardcopy is the most efficient way to pursue a paper trail. I found it interesting that CreditCards.com also advised to divide each dispute into separate letters. This all should be done proactively and not just when your Millennial is looking for a loan, or worse yet, has just been turned down for a loan.
Tip #2: Reduce Debt
We all know that everything is negotiable. The interest rates on student loans may be easier to negotiate than the principal. Loan consolidation or modification programs are a great way to reduce overall interest rates. Your Millennial will have to clearly explain how burdensome the payments are and that they are in fear of default, if that is the case.
According to Bankrate.com, if your Millennial has “massive student loans that are impossible to pay back, a settlement may be attainable.” It is going to be hard, but it is worth a try to help your child with this. They will need to explain why they are unable to pay back the loan as it is structured. Usually a lump sum pay-off option is the route to go. According to FinAid.org, collection agencies are authorized to accept three settlement offers without getting approval from the Department of Education.
Tip #3: Work On Budgeting
It is really time for you to help your Millennial come clean with the budgeting facts of life. Start with their pay, NET of taxes, and go step-by-step with each fixed and variable expense. Hey, why not play my “Bill-Paying Game,” as referenced in a recent Forbes article written earlier this month?
By the way, a loan payment is a fixed payment. I'm not going to go through the process here, but you must not only make sure their budget is built, but that you are there to support them with a monthly check in.
The Millennial generation has gotten a raw deal with negative connotations like, “Generation Me.” Frankly, I find that offensive to our offspring. As these young people make their way through adulthood, they are carrying an enormous weight. I believe that this encumbrance has caused this generation to really focus on themselves and their situation.
The good news is that, with a little guidance, they can start to relieve some of the pressure. Millennials certainly have all the tools necessary to make smart money decisions. For instance, in a recent U.S. News Market Trends Report article, Millennials are, “Born into an interconnected world with immediate access to abundant information, these digital natives have widely embraced the ‘infosumer' identity. With smartphones, Google search and Yelp reviews at their fingertips, Millennials are hard-wired to do their homework before making any decision or purchase.” The article goes on to say that Millennials are not much different than us, when it comes to understanding finances, especially when it comes down to major life events and milestones. They do their research on health care purchases and 529k investments.
Debt is a burden, but with the help of Baby Boomers like you, Millennials can dig out from under the stockpile of loans. The discouraging news is that it won't be easy, but let the words of Nathan W. Morris keep you going: “The speed of your success is limited only by your dedication and what you're willing to sacrifice.”
One of these men may be the next president. (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg)
Unless John Kasich is able, in short order, to cobble together a remarkable coalition of support and to come from behind in his home state, or unless Ben Carson accomplishes the greatest miracle in the history of electoral politics despite his best efforts, our next president will be the first who is a woman (Hillary Clinton), the first Hispanic (Marco Rubio or Ted Cruz) or the first who is Jewish (Bernie Sanders).
Or it will be Donald Trump.
Those, remarkably, are the only options. In a sense, we're going to make history no matter what, either by electing the first member of a new social group or by electing a guy who ran against every single rule of electoral politics.
This wasn't pre-ordained. Cruz was the first candidate in the race, so there's always been someone other than a white male running (conflating "white" with "non-Hispanic white" for the sake of ease). As more and more people started entering the race, the balance tipped toward the white-male end of the spectrum. But since there were so many white males running and since so many of them didn't do that well, we're left with seven candidates, four of whom are Hispanic, black or female and one who is Jewish.
In the year of Trump, it's easy to forget how much support there's been in the Republican Party for this diverse slate of candidates. With the ascent of Ben Carson, Carly Fiorina and Cruz last year, more Republicans backed non-white male candidates than white male ones. It's gone up and down a bit since, with a quick back-and-forth as Marco Rubio surged after Iowa and John Kasich surged after New Hampshire.
But overall, the party is about split.
Most of those Republicans, we assume, would be quick to point out that their choice of candidate has nothing to do with race, ethnicity or gender. Fair enough. But that doesn't detract from how historic the election is shaping up to be. (Barring, of course, a candidate ex machina running as an independent or chosen at the convention.)
Only one man, it seems, stands between now and the inauguration of the first woman or first Hispanic chief executive. That man, consistent with his brand, is Donald Trump.
Donald Trump found an ally in Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio during his notorious birther crusade back in 2012, and now the Republican presidential candidate will be joining forces with Arpaio once again, this time to justify his infamous remarks that Mexican immigrants are mostly gangsters and rapists.
Trump plans to deliver a speech in Phoenix this week on “illegal immigration and numerous other topics.” Dan Nowicki of the Arizona Republic notes that Arpaio and a local GOP leader will both be making appearances at the event.
Surely teaming up with Arpaio will help Trump's plan to win the Latino vote, as the sheriff has a horrific record on issues like immigration, racial profiling, detainmentand upholding basic human rights.
Most recently, he tapped a child sex offender to work as an armed guard for schools and confessed to having “violated several federal court orders resulting from a long-running racial-profiling suit.”
The sheriff, who has been cited by the Justice Department for violating the First Amendment rights of his critics, recently alleged that criticism of Trump's comments on immigration undermines his “freedom of speech.”
Kahlua Matcha Milk
Ingredients
The Grown-Up Matcha Latte
Ingredients
°
°
Frozen Matcha Parfait
Ingredients
Green Alexander
Ingredients
Make room in your liquor cabinets. There's a new addition to the Kahlua family: matcha! Being Kahlua, there's an undertone of coffee to the liqueur, but the matcha flavor is definitely present. Which flavor comes out more seems to depend on how you use it.There's just one catch. Right now Kahlua Matcha is only available for purchase in Japan. This means you have one more reason to book a flight to Tokyo in the near future. Just imagine—enjoy an awesome trip in Japan, pick up a few bottles, and return home with the best souvenirs ever. Or just keep it for yourself. We approve of that, too. Just be sure to treat your friends and family once in awhile to one of these four delicious drinks.This is a variation of the Kahlua Milk, a standard Japanese cocktail that pretty much sums up what to expect from Japan's cocktail culture in general: one liqueur in a non-alcoholic base. While this drink may not have the most exciting ingredients list, sometimes simple is best.1oz Kahlua Matcha3oz milkMatcha powder for garnishPour the Kahlua Matcha and milk over ice and stir. Garnish with matcha powder and enjoy.This drink works just fine with regular hot milk, but breaking out the milk frother is recommended if you want to look that much more polished when you start whipping these out for brunch. Instead of matcha powder, try garnishing your latte with kinako, or powdered soybeans, which has a surprisingly peanut-like flavor (at least to me.) Feel free to use matcha powder if soybeans aren't your cup of tea (or latte?).1oz Kahlua Matcha3oz milkKinako powderHeat milk to approximately 70C (160F). Add hot milk to Kahlua Matcha. Top with milk foam if desired. Garnish with kinako powder.Ready to enjoy a boozy version of a Japanese parfait? We've added green tea ice cream, tsubu an made from sweetened adzuki beans, candied chestnuts, and whipped cream to take dessert to the next level.2oz Kahlua Matcha1oz vodka1oz milk or cream1 cup iceTsubu an, green tea ice cream, whipped cream, candied chestnutsBlend ice, dairy, and liqueur in a blender. Alternate layering the frozen drink with the tsubu an. Top with green tea ice cream, whipped cream, and candied chestnuts.Those of you familiar with cocktails will probably recognize from the ingredients list that this is a twist on an Alexander The Great. While coffee and chocolate certainly make a fine pair, don't underestimate what matcha and chocolate can do together.1oz Kahlua Matcha0.5oz Chocolate liqueur0.5oz Cream1oz VodkaShake with ice and strain into a glass.How will you enjoy Kahlua matcha? Let us know in the comments!(And please remember to drink responsibly!)
70 people found this article useful
Don't settle for a good walk. Take a great walk!
It's difficult to imagine how so many different landscapes can be in one country. In the North Island there are volcanoes, native rainforest bush and mighty long rivers with steep valley sides. Then the South Island takes us into beech forest territory, paradise beaches, secluded tussock lands, and onto majestic mountains.
Tramping just one of New Zealand's 10 Great Walks gives a real feeling of serenity and achievement. Tramping all 10… well you will have the ultimate experience of New Zealand's backcountry, as well as proving you are the ultimate machine! Which ever walk you choose, make sure you are well-prepared by taking a look at How to Prepare for a Great Walk in New Zealand.
Here is a list of New Zealand's 10 Great Walks to tick off your list.
“These developments have revealed the need to foster dialogue, re-establish trust, and rebuild bridges both within Ukraine and across the Euro-Atlantic and Eurasian region,” said Didier Burkhalter, Chairperson-in-Office of the OSCE and President of the Swiss Confederation.
In his briefing to the Security Council, Mr. Burkhalter proposed establishing an International Contact Group on Ukraine, which has been witnessing mass protests and deadly clashes for several months, culminating in the removal of its President on Saturday by Parliament.
“We are currently witnessing a phase of de-escalation in Ukraine,” he stated. “It is essential to support a fair and inclusive process of transition which does not marginalize any part of Ukraine or any community. Ukraine deserves full international attention and support.”
Mr. Burkhalter went on to outline several areas for greater collaboration between the OSCE and the UN, noting that such cooperation significantly increases the impact of the good work that is being done on the ground.
“Regional organizations need to play a leading role in implementing on the ground the commitments undertaken in the context of the UN,” he stated.
“This is precisely why we have decided to focus our efforts on better implementation. International instruments for human rights, democracy and the rule of law as well as conventions and political commitments can only help improve people's lives if their implementation is accepted and promoted by States at national level. Organizations like the UN and the OSCE should do everything possible to support States in these efforts.”
He noted that the OSCE is working in close cooperation with UN bodies on issues such as climate change, disaster risk reduction, the prevention of torture, and the fight against terrorism.
“We are eager to intensify the dialogue between our organizations. My hope is that we will succeed in translating many ideas for further cooperation into successful projects.”
Based in Vienna, Austria, the OSCE comprises 57 States stretching from the United States across Europe and Central Asia to the borders of China.
In a message to the OSCE's 20th Ministerial Council, held last December in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon hailed the work done by the regional body and noted the intensive cooperation that already exists between the two organizations, from Central Asia to the South Caucasus and South-eastern Europe.
“The OSCE is a vital partner for the United Nations. I look forward to our continued cooperation, from immediate crises to longer-term issues such as combating climate change, eradicating poverty and shaping an ambitious sustainable development agenda for the post-2015 period,” he stated.
The Eagles traded away their longest tenured player when they dealt Jon Dorenbos to the Saints in exchange for a seventh-round pick in the 2019 NFL Draft. Dorenbos had a tremendous impact in the locker room and in the community in addition to his contributions on the football field.
Related Instant analysis of Eagles trading LS Jon Dorenbos
The Eagles released a series of statements after the trade was announced on Monday night.
Jeffrey Lurie, Chairman/CEO:
“Jon is one of the most inspiring people I have ever known. He gave everything that he had to this organization for more than a decade, but his legacy in Philadelphia goes far beyond his performance on the field, his Pro Bowl selections or the consecutive games streak. His true impact is measured by the number of people in this city that he connected with, the lives he has been able to change and the courage he displays every day after battling such tremendous adversity as a child.
Jon's enthusiasm and positive outlook are contagious; he's one of the most genuine, caring people you could ever meet. I speak on behalf of the entire organization when I say we are incredibly proud to have called him an Eagle and our doors are always open to him in the future.”
Howie Roseman, Executive Vice President of Football Operations:
“This was one of the most difficult decisions we have had to make as an organization, not only because of his stellar performance on the field for so many years, but also because of the relationships he has within the organization and the connection he has with our fans and the Philadelphia community.
We have the utmost respect for his consistency and his relentless commitment to winning over the last 11 seasons. We all remember adding him to the team in 2006 and winning six straight games to win the division and a playoff game. He is a genuine class act who has positively influenced the lives of so many through his community work and his motivational speaking.
During this time of the year, there are many difficult decisions to be made. We are pleased that an opportunity presented itself to allow Jon to continue his career with the Saints, and we wish him all the best. Even though he won't be on the field with us this year, we hope that he will one day return to retire as an Eagle, and rejoin our organization in some capacity.”
Head Coach Doug Pederson:
“These are always hard decisions to make, especially with a player like Jon who has so much respect from the coaches, players, and fans. On a personal level, it has been a pleasure to work with him and get to know him over the last few years. He's as tough and reliable as they come. We appreciate everything he has done for this organization and in the community and at the same time we are excited for him to be able to continue his career with the Saints.”
Someone once said that there is always some madness in love. The incident that comes to light from Mumbai on Valentine's Day, very much justifies the madness.
Someone once said that there is always some madness in love. The incident that comes to light from Mumbai on Valentine's Day, very much justifies the madness.
In a report published by Amar Ujala, a lover's attempt to please his lady love has landed him in jail.
The young lad reportedly decorated his car with Rs 2000 notes and as soon as the car hit the road, people including Mumbai police were left astonished and the police detained the person along with his car.
As per reports, the lover boy wanted to gift the car decorated with Rs 2000 note to his girlfriend on Valentine's Day.
For all the latest Offbeat News, download NewsX App
Read More
Thursday, June 23, 2011 - 12:55pm
Crop Losses Could Top $1B
An agriculture industry group estimates a shortage of migrant labor may wind up costing Georgia fruit and vegetable farmers $300 million in crop losses. Officials worry the total economic impact will be even greater if crops from the next harvest are lost.
The Georgia Agribusiness Council estimates the total loss stemming from spoiled and unpicked produce to be close to $1 billion.
And that doesn't include other crops such as pecans and cotton that will be harvested next.
Farmers have had to leave crops in the field due to a labor shortage they say stems from the state's new immigration crackdown. Council president Bryan Tolar even if crops get picked, there may not be enough workers to process them.
“With our peanuts and our cotton and certainly our pecan crops, these are all big, high-dollar value products," he said. "We can get them harvested but can we get them further processed so they are ready to go to the textile mills and ready to go to the food processors? That's the question that hasn't been answered yet.”
Tolar says the exodus of documented and undocumented workers have left the state's farms with 30 percent fewer workers on average.
Portions of the new immigration law take effect July 1. It will allow police and some employers to conduct more thorough immigration checks.
Supporters of the state's new immigration law say it will save Georgia taxpayers billions of dollars in education and healthcare expenditures for illegal immigrants. And they say they are specifically targeting the mechanism that attracts and keeps illegal immigrants here: employment.
Tolar, and many of Georgia's elected officials believe the key to fixing the labor shortage is reforming the federal H2-A foreign guestworker program. Tolar, Agriculture Commissioner Gary Black and others have traveled to Washington, D.C. to press Georgia's Congressional delegation on the issue.
25 jawans martyred after 300 naxals attack CRPF team in Chhattisgarh
India
oi-Vicky
By Vicky
Twenty five CRPF personnel have lost their lives in an encounter with 300 naxalites in Chhattisgarh. An encounter had broken out with the naxalites at Sukma in Chhattisgarh after the patrolling party of the CRPF was fired upon.
25 personnel were seriously injured in the attack. However they breathed their last at hospital. Six more jawans are being treated for injuries at a hospital in Raipur.
A chopper was sent to the spot to evacuate the injured. Reinforcement parties from the nearest CRPF camp too were sent to the spot.
The encounter took place between the Burkapal-Chintagufa area at around 12.25 pm on Monday. This area is the worst hit by naxalites. The jawans who lost their lives were from the 74th battalion of the CRPF. All the weapons, wireless and ammunition belonging to the jawans were looted by the naxalites.
In a second attack, three CRPF personnel were injured by Maoists in Daltonganj, Jharkhand.
It may be recalled that 12 CRPF personnel had been killed earlier this year in the same area in an encounter with the naxalites.
Following the incident, a high-level meeting has been called for. The meeting has been called by the Home Secretary and several other officials would also attend. The meeting would immediately take stock of the situation. Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh toon has called for an emergency meeting following the attack. Meanwhile Minister of State Ahir Singh will visit Raipur to take stock of the situation. A high-alert has been declared in Chhattisgarh.
Condolences pour in
Pranab Mukherjee on Monday strongly condemned the attack on CRPF personnel in Chattisgarh. He also offered condolences to families of deceased and prayers for the injured.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the attack on CRPF personnel in Chhattisgarh is cowardly & deplorable. ''We are monitoring the situation closely. We are proud of the valour of our CRPF personnel. Sacrifice of martyrs will not go in vain. Condolences to their families,'' Modi said.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh expressed deep pain over the killing of 25 CRPF personnel in Sukma district of Chattisgarh.
''Extremely pained to know about killing of CRPF personnel in Sukma. My tributes to the martyrs & condolences to their families,'' he said.
The home minister also asked MoS Home Hansraj Ahir about attack in Sukma and also said that he is going to Chhattisgarh to take stock of the situation.
Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Venkaiah Naidu took to Twitter to say: "Deeply pained over the loss of our Bravehearts at Sukma. These sacrifices shall not be in vain. Maoists indulging in mindless killing. My deep condolences to the bereaved families. RIP..."
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi expressed sincere condolences to families of CRPF personnel martyred in the attack in Sukma. ''We salute sacrifice & courage of our bravehearts,'' he said.
OneIndia News
Samsung is working to modify its products to ensure they don't get caught up in an injunction, a new report claims.
The Korea Times reported yesterday, citing sources, that it spoke with Samsung officials who said that the company is in talks with U.S. carriers, including Verizon Wireless, to determine the best way to modify designs across its Galaxy line. The products it plans to modify were cited as infringing in last week's landmark patent loss to Apple.
According to the Korea Times' source, Samsung and carriers will "jointly develop modified design technology," though the person would not say what was planned.
Last week, a jury in a U.S. District Court ruled that Samsung violated a number of patents that Apple holds. The iPhone maker was awarded $1.05 billion and Samsung, which had tried to argue that Apple was violating some of its patents, couldn't get any of its arguments to stick.
However, the fight is far from over. Samsung is expected to try to have the decision tossed out. On December 6, Judge Lucy Koh, who presided over the trial, will hear arguments for banning Samsung products in the U.S. It's possible that with the modifications Samsung is trying to make, the company is trying to sidestep any loss it may face in that hearing.
In addition, the Korea Times reported, Samsung is considering warming up to Microsoft and reducing its reliance upon Google's Android platform. The news outlet's sources didn't provide any more details on possible plans.
Samsung currently offers Windows Phone-based devices, and plans to continue to do so. However, its Android-based handsets, including the Galaxy S3, have proven most successful. Given that, it seems unlikely the company would stray too far from Android.
CNET has contacted Samsung for comment on the Korea Times report. We will update this story when we have more information.
The Clitheroe striker Jay Hart who was unceremoniously sacked after being caught having sex in the dugout after a 4-1 defeat has claimed he had "more than a few drinks" before the incident.
The Clitheroe striker Jay Hart who was unceremoniously sacked after being caught having sex in the dugout after a 4-1 defeat has claimed he had "more than a few drinks" before the incident.
Clitheroe striker apologises for sex romp in dugout: 'I don't have a clue who she is'
The incident happened after Clitheroe's game with Mossley AFC in the eighth tier of English football (the Evo-Stik Division 1 North), as it happens, it was their annual ladies day at Seel Park.
Hart was filmed having sex with the fan on top of the bench post game, his biggest mistake being that he was easily identifiable since he was still wearing the kit. Subtlety does not appear to be the man's strong suit.
Hart could be heard laughing in the video, in which he is seen having sex with a blonde woman whose face cannot be seen, with a club T-shirt still on and tracksuit bottoms around his legs.
Hart's girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, who is from Oswaldtwistle in Lancashire and has two young children, has criticised those who has shared the video on social media and took to the Clitheroe Facebook Page to vent her anger in what she labelled as a “disgusting” act.
“Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected,” Hibbert said in a post that was later removed. “Thank God my kids are too young to read. It's disgusting. I bet their families are far from perfect.”
Hart claimed that the incident was fuelled by alcohol and has tried to 'sort things out' with his girlfriend.
“All I want say is that I regret doing what I did,” Hart was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.
“I was drunk, I'd had more than a few drinks, and I want to say I'm sorry to my family and everyone involved at Clitheroe.
“I regret that I did it, not that I got caught.
“I've spoken and tried to sort things out with Bryony
“Everyone in the world knows about it, I just want to get my apology out there.
“I haven't seen the girl since, I don't have a clue who she is, don't have a clue.”
Hart also reached out to Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney for advice on the incident, after the video of him and the woman was leaked online with users sharing it on both Twitter and Instagram.
Clitheroe club chairwoman Anne Barker said: "Any players, while wearing a Clitheroe tracksuit, represent the club . We expect a certain level of behaviour and discipline. And that wasn't it."
The player in question, Jay Hart, said: "I'm full of regret. I'd had a couple of drinks. I was away from everyone and thought I was hidden."
Simon First team manager Garner, who signed Hart to the club, said: “At the time of this unfortunate occurrence on Saturday, I wasn't there. I had already left the ground.
“I found out later on when I saw how it played out on Twitter. I'm disappointed but we can't control what the players do outside the time we are with them.
“They choose what they want to do. Unfortunately, Jason was wearing the club tracksuit and he knows he has let the club down, so the club has done what it has done.
“He's disappointed it has gone this far. It's going to have consequences for him beyond leaving this football club; with his family and possibly beyond that.
“Football is only a small part of it. If he had thought about what would have happened when he did it, he wouldn't have done it. He will pay for it.
“When I spoke to him, he sounded very apologetic about it. I'm disappointed for him. He will regret what he did and it was totally wrong.”
Online Editors
The FIFA U-17 World Cup is less than five months away and the Indian Football Federation (AIFF) is pulling out all the stops to make it a grand spectacle. In a bid to add more celebrity power to the tournament, the AIFF has contacted Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo and if the talks are fruitful, the Portuguese forward will attend the FIFA U-17 World Cup draw in Mumbai on July 7.
Speaking on the matter, AIFF President Praful Patel said: “We are talking to Portugal Football Federation. We also are trying to interact with Ronaldo's agent. If he is free on that particular day, he will be gracing the FIFA U-17 World Cup draw function in Mumbai on July 7.”
READ | Real Madrid eliminate Atletico Madrid to reach UEFA Champions League final
The organisers have already confirmed that World Cup winner Carlos Puyol will visit India this month to mark the launch of ticket sales for FIFA U-17 World Cup, scheduled in India October. But, Cristiano Ronaldo's visit can elevate the tournament to a whole new level among the Indian football fans.
Cristiano Ronaldo's club season with Real Madrid will end on June 4 when they take on Juventus in the UEFA Champions League final. From there, he will be travelling to Russia for the Confederation Cup 2017, which starts on the June 17 and ends on July 2.
Last week, Ronaldo became the first ever sportsperson to reach 100 million followers on Instagram. To mark the occasion, he went live on the social networking site to address his fans.
The Portuguese star even mentioned some countries he would like to visit on the video and while answered an Indian fan's question, he said, “India is a place that I wanna go soon (sic).”
The FIFA Under-17 World Cup kicks off on the October 6 and the final will be held in Kolkata on October 28. As hosts, India will feature in the 24-team event, which will be the first time an Indian team will participate in a FIFA tournament.
First Published: May 12, 2017 10:19 IST
As NFL preseason preemptions were scattered across some local markets on most of the Big 4 last night, the second week of (1.5/6) put some heavy hitting veterans on the desk as Jimmy Fallon, Seth Meyers and Tina Fey all showed up to talk Donald Trump and Charlottesville.
NBC, CBS and ABC will all likely see some adjustments later in the day but Week 2 of Weekend Update is currently down 12% from last week's premiere in fast affiliate results. Which means, if the August 10 preemptions on the Comcast-owned net were any indication, the Michael Che and Colin Jost co-hosted show should come in close to last week's final number of 1.2/5 with 4.71 million total viewers. Right now, Weekend Update is showing a total audience of 5.84 million, down 11% from the early numbers of last week's debut.
That viewership number for Weekend Update is the same as its lead-in The Wall (1.2/5) in the fast affiliates. The Chris Hardwick-hosted show is dead even with last week's early numbers, which was adjusted down later to a 0.7/3 and 4.22 million.
At 10 PM, The Night Shift (0.8/3) is down a tenth from last week's early numbers, which went down to a 0.5/2 later on. However, right now the NBC drama is winning the time slot over ABC's The Gong Show (0.6/3) and CBS' Zoo (0.6/3), who are respectively up a tenth and down two tenths from the fast affiliates of their last original airings.
The top dog of Thursday night was once again Big Brother (2.0/8) and CBS. Again, on another Thursday of NFL preemptions, like last week, the vet reality series was the highest rated show of the night and the most watched show with 6.56 million sets of eyeballs. Compared to the early numbers of it August 10 show, BB is currently pretty steady with a 9% dip in the key demo.
Overall, again before NFL preemption adjustment, the House of Moonves has won the night with a 1.2/5 rating and 4.97 million viewers. That's down 20% in the key demo from last week's early numbers and 13% in total viewers.
Heading towards next week finale, ABC's Boy Band (0.6/3) is down a tenth from last week's early numbers. Lead-out, Battle of the Network Stars (0.6/3), which wasn't on last week because of the Diana docu, is looking pretty steady with its last original. The CW's Penn & Teller: Fool Us (0.4/2) and Whose Line Is It Anyway? (0.4/2) are both down a tenth from last week.
FOX did not have any NFL preemptions in local markets last night and saw some improvements for Beat Shazam (0.8/4) and Love Connection (0.6/3). Both the Jamie Foxx and Andy Cohen hosted shows were up a tenth over last week.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va. — About an hour after Christopher Newport University (CNU) issued an alert Wednesday morning after someone was spotted walking with a gun on campus, the university gave the “all clear.”
All clear. No known continuing threat to campus. Class begin at 9 a.m. — Christopher Newport (@CNUcaptains) February 11, 2015
CNU informed students classes would begin at 9 a.m.
Earlier Wednesday, the university ordered students and staff to stay indoors after two people spotted a man with a gun walking on the Newport News campus.
We have received two reports of an unknown individual holding a handgun while walking across campus. The individual is described as a black male, 5 foot 8 inches wearing a tan jacket and a knit cap. Campus Police and Newport News Police have not been able to locate this person. All CNU students, faculty and staff should remain in their building until further notice.
CNU is located on a 260-acre campus in Newport News, Virginia. About 5,000 students attend the university.
Hands praying (Shutterstock).
Two parents in Minnesota are facing child neglect charges after they refused to take their sick 7-year-old son to a doctor and instead tried to diagnose and treat him themselves.
Local news station WCCO 4 reports that Timothy and Sarah Johnson, of Plymouth, Minn., have been charged with one count of child neglect that resulted in “substantial bodily harm” to their adopted son Seth, who passed away last March.
According to a criminal complaint filed this week, the couple didn't seek professional medical attention for Seth when he came down with pancreatitis last year because they had “issues going to doctors,” whom they believed would prescribe the child harmful medications.
Instead, they decided to do their own research and eventually decided that Seth's symptoms indicated that he had a combination of “post-traumatic stress disorder, a brain injury and fetal alcohol syndrome.”
In late March last year, the couple left town for the weekend and left Seth under the care of one of his older siblings. When they returned, they found that his condition had worsened, and he was barely able to move at all.
Despite this, they decided to pray for his health instead of calling a doctor. When he was notably unresponsive to their prayers, they still decided to wait until morning to decide whether they should seek medical attention for him.
The next morning, they found that he was unresponsive and finally decided to call 911. Medical officials pronounced him dead shortly afterward.
An examination of the boy's body revealed that he “had bruises and contusions on his cheek, forearms, chest, buttocks and lower abdomen,” and his “weight was exceptionally low for a child his age,” reports WCCO.
The Schreiber theory is a writer-centered approach to film criticism and film theory which holds that the principal author of a film is generally the screenwriter rather than the director. The term was coined by David Morris Kipen, Director of Literature at the US National Endowment for the Arts.
Outline [ edit ]
In his 2006 book The Schreiber Theory: A Radical Rewrite of American Film History, Kipen says that the influential 1950s-era auteur theory has wrongly skewed analysis towards a director-centred view of film. In contrast, Kipen believes that the screenwriter has a greater influence on the quality of a finished work and that knowing who wrote a film is "the surest predictor" of how good it will be:
A filmgoer seeking out pictures written by, say, Eric Roth or Charlie Kaufman won't always see a masterpiece, but he'll see fewer clunkers than he would follow even a brilliant director like John Boorman, or an intelligent actor like Jeff Goldblum. It's all a matter of betting on the fastest horse, instead of the most highly touted or the prettiest.[1]
Kipen acknowledges that his writer-centred approach is not new, and he pays tribute to earlier critics of auteur theory such as Pauline Kael and Richard Corliss. He believes that the auteurist approach remains dominant, however, and that films have suffered as a result of the screenwriter's role being undervalued. Kipen refers to his book as a "manifesto" and in an interview with the magazine SF360 stated that he wished to use Schreiber theory as "a lever to change the way people think about screenwriting, and movies in general".
Origin of term [ edit ]
In seeking a name for his theory, Kipen chose the Yiddish word for writer – Schreiber – in honor of the many early American screenwriters who had Yiddish as their mother tongue. [2]
Criticism [ edit ]
Writing in Variety, Diane Garrett said Kipen shows a degree of disingenuousness when he states that Schreiberism is "an attempt to rescue reviewing and scholarship from those who would have us forget just how collaborative filmmaking truly is". She said, "If that's really the goal, why spend 150 pages arguing for the supremacy of the writer? Instead say what you really mean: Don't forget the writer, please".[3]
In an interview with Kipen, film writer Michael Fox said Schreiberism seemed less an attempt to discredit auteur theory outright than a ploy to "simply shift the auteur appellation from directors to screenwriters". Kipen's reply was that there was an element of "parody" in his writer-centred theory, in that he hoped to "overcorrect" the director-centred model in such a way that "the final average of the two is a more realistic representation".[4]
CRONULLA captain Wade Graham believes St George sensation Brett Morris could be the best winger in the world after his spectacular try against the Sharks at Remondis Stadium on Saturday night.
While disappointed to have copped a 14-12 loss, Graham said he has enormous respect for Morris, who scored his 100th NRL try to propel the Dragons to their third straight victory.
News_Image_File: Fox Sports screen shot of Brett Morris' magical try.
“He's definitely in the conversation,” Graham admitted.
“He's hard to handle, he's fast, he gets them on a real roll on and a couple of times there our kicks were probably a metre too deep and he caught them in goal and the next minute he's up the field.
“He's definitely in the conversation.”
News_Image_File: Dejected Sharks players Jonathan Wright and Blake Ayshford.
A double from Morris has landed him just one try behind his father Steve, who scored 102 tries for the Dragons in the 1970s and 80s - it also extended their mortgage on the top of the NRL ladder, leaving the Sharks without a win this season.
Morris, who's 101st try was a spectacular mid-air number, was humble in the sheds after the win.
News_Rich_Media: St George Illawarra Dragons beat the Cronulla Sharks to remain unbeaten in 2014
“I don't know how I did it, I just caught it and hoped for the best,” he said.
“You practice those things at training but that doesn't really happen too often.”
Leading by just two points with four minutes on the clock, the Dragons remained scoreless in the second half but held onto stop a fast-finishing Sharks outfit desperate for their first win of the season.
Sharks were given every opportunity to snatch the win, but mistakes and dropped balled dashed their chances to end their three game drought.
News_Image_File: Dragons Brett Morris flys through the air to score a try at the end of the first half.
Todd Carney had other plans for his celebrations though, directing the Sharks up the field with his token precision kicking game.
His influence kept the Dragons busy while hooker John Morris cleverly dummied and dove over the line to score in the 12th minute to snatch the lead 6-4.
Dragons halfback Sam Williams was a revelation with the boot, backing up a 40-20 midway through the first half with a pin-point bomb from 10 metres out to put winger Jason Nightingale over in the 28th minute.
With the Dragons leading 8-6, the Sharks upped the intensity too much as they gave away a penalty for stripping the ball in an aggressive tackle.
Ball in hands, the Dragons looked set to extend their lead before fullback Adam Quinlan dropped the pass while staring at a clear run to the line.
News_Image_File: Sharks Todd Carney with the ball in the first half.
Morris's stunning try to put the Dragons in the lead 14-6 at the break as Widdop nailed his first conversion for the night.
It was 30 minutes before the scoreboard was put to use in the second half, when John Morris scored his double with ten minutes to go and narrowed the deficit to two points.
But as time ticked away, the Dragons appeared too strong to let the Sharks steal the win. Any inspiration Carney could provide melted away in the second half, with Dragons forwards Leeson Ah Mau, Trent Merrin and Joel Thompson coming up with huge defensive plays that had the Sharks rattled within try-scoring territory.
News_Image_File: Sharks Todd Carney contests a try with a ref.
The Dragons weren't without their errors though, with neither team looking to score until the final ten minutes.
Despite the Sharks brief comeback, the Dragons were too strong in defence and held on to win three tries to two.
“I thought we were better tonight but we need to be a lot better again,” said Sharks coach Peter Sharpe.
“We need to work hard and improve.”
ST GEORGE ILLAWARRA 14 (B Morris 2 J Nightingale tries G Widdop goal) bt CRONULLA 12 (J Morris 2 tries M Gordon 2 goals) at Remondis Stadium. Referee: Adam Devcich, Henry Perenara. Crowd: 14,821.
Re-live all the action in our live blog below:
News_Module: LIVE: NRL SUPER SATURDAY
It's illegal to serve this disgusting delicacy in restaurants, but despite being outlawed some 1.5 million songbirds will have been killed in Cyprus this year to make a dish called ambelopoulia.
The statistics in come BirdLife Cyprus' surveillance programme.
Martin Hellicar from BirdLife Cyprus told the BBC that in Dhekelia, organised criminal gangs created “labyrinths” of acacia trees, irrigating the plantations and cutting corridors through them in order to set up long mist nets.
These operations often also use loudspeakers with recordings of bird calls in order to lure migrating birds into the almost invisible nets. BirdLife Cyprus says that massive profits are being made by often organised and ruthless trappers thanks to the largely uncontrolled sale of expensive ambelopoulia in law-breaking restaurants.
“A dozen birds can fetch up to 80 euros,” a spokesperson from BirdLife Cyprus told the BBC.
BirdLife Cyprus and the UK's Royal Society for the Protection of Birds have been monitoring songbirds – or as they are locally know as “ambelopoulia” – trapping operations on the island since 2002.
BirdLife Cyprus told the Cyprus Mail, in that time, the scale of bird-trapping had increased by 54 percent over the last decade. Although it is widespread, the organisation said that some of the largest trapping operations were within the UK's Sovereign Base Areas (SBA).
These take place on the two British SBAs in Cyprus, at Akrotiri and Dhekelia, sites covering about 100 square miles that are British sovereign territory.
Because Cyprus is a key stopover on the migration route of many birds, including blackcaps and warblers, the trapping mainly takes place during the autumn. BirdLife's estimate that 1.5 million birds will have been killed will be published in early 2014, as part of a report on bird-trapping in the country.
In 2011 they estimated a million were killed, so numbers appear to be rising.
Migrating birds will have no chance if this barbaric practice continues unabated.
Get Social! Facebook
Twitter
Email
LinkedIn
Print
More
Telegram
WhatsApp
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
Comments
comments
It's the time of year when futurists and all manner of tech analysts decide to break out the crystal ball and make some predictions for the coming months and years. Of course, I'm no different, but I don't need the title of futurist to do it. I've decided rather than write one long-winded article about several trends, to break it up a little and write a series of shorter articles tackling each one I see having a major impact on both businesses (vendor and end client alike) and consumers in general.
The first off the blocks ? Blockchain.
Blockchain is something I believe will have an impact across a lot more than just Bitcoin financial transactions and the Internet Of Things. At the moment the majority of thinking behind Blockchain stems to the definition around it as a decentralised and distributed digital record, one that can only be updated by consensus of a majority of the participants in the system. Right now everything digital today is centralised, and therefore can be manipulated and hacked. Not so with Blockchain. And users remain anonymous, privacy is maintained.
We can think even bigger — let's put health records, voting, ownership documents, marriage licenses and lawsuits in the blockchain. Eventually, every dataset and every digital transaction could leave a “fingerprint” there, creating an audit trail for any digital event throughout history, without compromising anyone's personal privacy. – Mike Gault
The strength behind Blockchain technology is in the authenticity of records, content and transactions, and its decentralised nature. Which opens up the possibilities of many use cases beyond FinTech.
Proof of ownership of digital purchases and content
Proof of authorship of digital goods and content
Digital trading, transaction history, transfer and ownership authenticity
Code authorship in application development
As Mike Gault described above, every type of document and type of record could be made a part of blockchain technology. In which case, every piece of transacted data within the Internet Of Things, every handshake between devices and the parsing of information between them, could also become part of the blockchain. From a corporate point of view, this is invaluable and the backbone of the Industrial Internet.
The consumer side of IOT is far different, and I'll tackle that in another article.
For Blockchain, this is only the beginning. Take the following definition as a hint: a distributed database that serves as a public ledger.
Or this one: I especially like this definition by Nathan Hourt, CTO of FollowMyVote:
A blockchain is an audit trail for a database which is managed by a network of computers where no single computer is responsible for storing or maintaining the database, and any computer may enter or leave this network at any time without jeopardizing the integrity or availability of the database. Any computer can rebuild the database from scratch by downloading the blockchain and processing the audit trail.
In other words, and concentrating on its decentralised nature, Blockchain has the potential to upset the apple cart among today's storage providers. Why ?
Cost - A decentralised storage system would reduce the cost of storage
Security - Client-side encryption is superior
Speed - A decentralised Peer-to-Peer network would beat a centralised server
When you consider that Dell and others are currently pushing analytics to the edge of the network as an IOT strategy, it makes perfect sense to do the same for storage. Which puts vendors whose strategy it is to sell Flash arrays and multiple servers of centralised storage capacity in a quandary in the next few years. Even the ECM (Electronic Content Management) market could be at risk.
It also pulls into question just how long cloud-based storage services can hold out at the same time.
So, the prediction is this:
Blockchain will become the lynchpin for security, data transactions and authentication for the Internet of Things and the Industrial Internet
Blockchain technology will ultimately disrupt centralised and cloud based storage services
Blockchain technology may also, due to both points above, create the backbone for machine learning and true artificial intelligence
Will Blockchain become all these things and more ? What's your take ?
The Bronze Fish are Coming Back to Queens Quay
The forty-two bronze fish that were removed from Queens Quay are now being returned to the water's edge. This fish was installed earlier this month, as a test while crews have been perfecting their installation techniques.
By Mira Shenker
Now that Queens Quay has reopened, many people have been asking about the bronze fish. Where are they? When are they coming back? Local artist Stephen Radmacher's forty-two bronze fish sculptures ran west along Queens Quay from the foot of York Street.
This public art installation is well known and much loved by locals. That's why we took careful note of the condition and position of each fish before removing them in May 2013.
A 2013 “fishectomy” temporarily left some fish-shaped gaps in the old Queens Quay sidewalk.
The fish were sent back to Radmacher, who straightened and cleaned them. He also added new stainless steel rods to anchor the fish into the concrete base below the granite promenade. The fish were photographed, measured from nose to tail, and labelled so that each one could be returned to its exact location along the new granite promenade.
Each of the bronze fish is being carefully reinstalled in their exact former locations.
Crews started reinstalling the fish on Monday and the entire process that will take several weeks. You may see them working in small fenced-off areas along the south-side promenade.
We're happy to see this piece of public art returned to its spot along the new Queens Quay.
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter – and join the conversation about waterfront revitalization using the #TOtheWaterfront hashtag. Send us your questions. We want to answer them.
The Catalan Government's Ministry of Institutional Affairs and Relations and the Exterior and Transparency has sent a copy of the referendum law registered in the Catalan Parliament on Monday to all the offices of foreign affairs around the world. According to a number of media outlets, and confirmed by sources in the exterior ministry, a copy of the referendum law was sent along with a memorandum explaining that the legislation is “a democratic response” to the Spanish Constitutional Court ruling on the Statute of Autonomy, which “broke Spain's Constitutional Pact of 1978.”
The memo also justifies the law by pointing to the Spanish State's unwillingness to negotiate a political solution to Catalonia's “legitimate demands”, with its only response being “a judicial offensive against those supporting the calling of a referendum.” The exterior ministry's memo also refers to the restriction of Catalonia's self-government through “a process of recentralizing powers” and “a highly restrictive interpretation of the Spanish Constitution by the Constitutional Court.” The document also explains that the legislation is to be approved at the beginning of September once the Catalan Parliament returns from summer recess.
Also included in the memorandum is an explanation of the origins of the referendum law. Citing “three realities”, the document refers to “the need to find a political solution to the political conflict with the Spanish Government,” the need to respond to the demand of voters in Catalonia, “which has created a Government and a parliamentary majority that needs to provide a response in accordance with democratic principles,” and the existence of an international legal framework which makes possible both a referendum on independence, “and the creation of a new State in Europe, based on the obligation of States to democratically manage their disagreements, respect for human basic rights and freedoms, people's right to free determination, and the right to remedial secession.”
Finally, the memo states that once the law is passed, it will “govern all the procedures for voting on October 1 with all the necessary democratic guarantees” and will include “common, internationally-comparable mechanisms for electoral processes,” such as the establishment of an electoral authority, the makeup of polling station committees, electoral rolls and the premises in which voting will be held.
Yet, the copy of the law sent to the world's foreign ministries has some small differences with the one presented at Catalonia's National Theater at the beginning of July. A number of articles, for example, avoid explicit reference to the publication of electoral results in the Official Journal of the Government of Catalonia (DOGC in Catalan). The new text also refers to the administrative area of Aran, with ballot papers to be supplied in the Occitan language.
Home
» Events
» Other Events
» The French Resistance
The French Resistance
Contributor: C. Peter Chen
ww2dbaseWhen France surrendered to Germany on 22 Jun 1940, those who resented Germany occupation and the Vichy government formed cells that collectively were named the French Resistance. Some groups were violent in nature, aiming to hurt or kill the German occupiers; these were called maquis. Other groups used non-violent means, publishing underground newspapers and broadcasted anti-German and anti-Vichy radio programs. Many of these groups were born after the 18 Jun 1940 address by Charles de Gaulle who encouraged the French people to continue the fight against the German forces even if the nation surrendered. To take advantage of these groups, the British Special Operations Executive (SOE) began infiltrating into France beginning in May 1941 to aid the resistance groups. Because de Gaulle often disagreed with his British allies, he formed his own agency to independently aid French resistance efforts without coordinating with British efforts. In the beginning, the resistance groups were scattered and lacked cooperation. On 22 Jun 1941, all communist groups in France merged into a larger group, showing the rest of the resistance groups the effectiveness of more coordinated resistance actions. On 11 Nov 1942, German forces marched to Vichy-held southern France, and the resistance sentiment spread into that region as well, especially after the Vichy government adopted some German-influenced anti-Semitic policies.
ww2dbaseThe initial German response was that of annoyance, and it soon turned into great frustration. "During the summer of 1941 the civilian population's resistance to our occupation forces intensified perceptibly in every theater of war, with sabotage incidents and attacks on Germany security troops and installations", German Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel recalled the reports that came to his desk during the war. "[A]cts of sabotage became horrifying frequent in France and even in Belgium." The counter the resistance movement, German forces employed a policy to rule by iron fist, including later retribution operations against innocent civilians. The SS also tortured many suspected resistance group members, with them ending up either dead or in a concentration camp. Rarely, entire villages would be razed as deterrence to future acts of sabotage; such was the fate of the village of Oradour-sur-Glane. Adolf Hitler insisted that such draconian measures were necessary to deter the would-be "terrorists", otherwise the situation in France would become out of control. Despite the risks, many fighters continued to wield British-supplied weapons to fight.
ww2dbaseIn 1943, when the prospect of a cross-Channel invasion on France became closer to reality, the United States also began aiding the French Resistance. The Office of Strategic Services (OSS) began sending its own agents into France in cooperation with the SOE to rally French support against German occupation.
ww2dbaseOn 27 May 1943, after months of work, Jean Moulin persuaded several resistance groups to merge into the Conseil National de la Resistance (CNR), with Moulin becoming the first chairman of the alliance. On 21 Jun, however, Moulin was captured by the German Gestapo and was tortured to death. Henri Giraud and Charles de Gaulle became joint presidents of the CNR after the death of Moulin, but by Oct that year, the politically-minded de Gaulle maneuvered Giraud out of the position of power and became the sole leader of CNR. Although de Gaulle was difficult to work with for the Allied commanders, with him in London, it was possible for the Allied command to pass orders for the resistance fighters to attack key communications and transportation targets to aid the planned Operation Overlord. 93 small teams of three agents (one American, one British, and one French) were then sent into France to closely coordinate actions immediately before the invasion. The resistance fighters continued to aid Allied invasion efforts after the forces had made footing on continental Europe, in northern France aiding the troops marching toward Paris, and in southern France during Operation Dragoon. Groups in Paris, supported by the Paris policemen, began their fiercest resistance on 19 Aug 1944, attacking German forces with rifles and grenades while rounding up collaborators for execution. The fighting climaxed on 22 Aug. 1,500 resistance fighters and civilians lost their lives before Paris was liberated on 25 Aug. Three days later, de Gaulle called for the disbanding of all resistance groups and encouraged them to join the new French Army under his direct control.
ww2dbaseSources: In the Service of the Reich, Wikipedia.
Last Major Update: May 2006
The French Resistance Interactive Map
The French Resistance Timeline
Photographs
Visitor Submitted Comments
Show older comments
All visitor submitted comments are opinions of those making the submissions and do not reflect views of WW2DB.
Technology known as earth observation satellites is one of the fastest growing sectors in the $350 billion space industry, and Finnish company ICEYE is on the bleeding edge.
ICEYE will launch its first microsatellite to orbit in January from India on a PSLV rocket, the company confirmed to CNBC.
The technology on board, synthetic aperture radar (or SAR), is designed to provide almost real-time imagery at any time — something current optical cameras cannot do as much 75 percent of the time.
"We use observation data to help our customers navigate through the world as it is, not as it was," CEO Rafal Modrzewski said. "It's a space-based information system, where you could launch any app on your smartphone to try to find a parking spot in New York City and find an empty one with the most recent data"
The microsatellites, which are about the size of a duffel bag, will rideshare with other customers both on the upcoming launch and in the future. ICEYE will launch two more in the next 12 months, working through broker Spaceflight Industries, on either PSLV or U.S. companies like SpaceX.
ICEYE has raised $17 million since its founding two years ago. True Ventures led the seed round in 2015 with $2.8 million. This year Draper Nexus led a $13 million round, with Seraphim Capital raising another $1.2 million in a later round.
While initially focused on providing data analysis to the maritime industry for help to sail among icebergs — which is how the company got its name — ICEYE now is looking to launch a global imaging constellation by the end of 2020.
By building small, low-cost satellites, Modrzewski sees the company serving industries such as agriculture, where farmers could project the results of a harvest by analyzing different metrics with SAR, such as soil composition or moisture.
After the first three satellites are in orbit, chief operating officer Pekka Laurila said ICEYE hopes to utilize small launch vehicles for its 18 satellite constellation "as they become available" from companies like Vector and Rocket Lab.
Note: This story has been updated to more specifically reflect the venture capital funding ICEYE received.
