It's not uncommon for a custom builder to develop a signature style over time. And Taiwan's Rough Crafts is a prime example. frontman Winston Yeh's trademark look is unmistakable.
But what happens when you take this tried and tested approach, and add a touch of heritage? This brutal R nineT custom holds the answer.
“The Bavarian Fistfighter is a tribute to the past, mixed with modern technology,” says Winston.
“BMW Motorrad is a brand with a rich history, and one of Rough Crafts' main design aesthetics is to blend the beautiful lines from the past with modern finishes.”
It took a little serendipity to bring the project across Winston's path.
“I met BMW's Head of Vehicle Design, Ola Stenegärd, many times at different bike shows,” he explains. “We talked about what we could do together.”
“But then BMW Motorrad Taiwan contacted me without knowing about our relationship, saying they want me to build a custom R nineT.
“Naturally Munich jumped on it, and made it an officially endorsed ‘Soul Fuel' build.”
Winston took inspiration from multiple classic BMWs when designing the R nineT's new bodywork.
The aluminum fuel tank borrows lines from late 70s and early 80s airheads. It also houses modern-day essentials—namely the fuel pump, battery and electronics box.
The nose fairing is loosely modeled on the R nineT's namesake—the iconic R 90 S. It's home to a Rough Crafts headlight, with a perforated section on the right aiding airflow for a new oil cooler from Part.
The solo seat is a homage to the rubber BMW seats of the 50s—except this one's wrapped in leather. It's perched on an abbreviated subframe, but the rest of the frame is largely stock.
Even the wheels are new. They're an original Rough Crafts design, based on traditional BMW ‘snowflake' rims. The rear measures a whopping six inches wide.
The bought-in hardware is just as desirable. Winston's shopping list included custom-made 330mm brake discs, Beringer controls, and a custom rear shock from Gears Racing. Super-tacky Diablo Superbike slicks supplied by Pirelli Taiwan keep the rubber on the road.
Sato Racing crafted the rearsets, and Motogadget the speedo, grips and bar-end turn signals. The gas cap and taillight are from the Rough Crafts catalog.
With 110 horsepower on tap, the 1170 cc boxer twin does not require much tuning. So the mods simply help the engine to breathe better: a new exhaust and velocity stack setup.
The finish is the signature Rough Crafts black-on-black affair—with a few twists. There's a traditional BMW double-pinstripe, but the black base has been treated to a carbon fiber texture.
Extra layers of black candy were laid on top for good measure, and the pinstripes were done with silver leaf.
On either side of the tank are one-off badges from 2 Abnormal Sides, engraved with the BMW roundel by KIC Airsoft.
The engine covers are from Roland Sands Design, reworked to better match the Rough Crafts parts line. And the forks have been painted black to blend in.
Winston turned to his regular crew for help: OneHandMade for the bodywork, and Air Runner for the paint. And they knocked it out the park.
“The Bavarian Fistfighter is a showpiece and a track-attacking machine,” says Winston.
We'd say it's Winston's best work yet. Menacing and purposeful, this R nineT hits the mark like a well-placed right hook.
Rough Crafts Facebook | Instagram | Store | Photos by JL Photography
CLEVELAND, Ohio - Ohio Gov. John Kasich sees a polling bounce in New Hampshire as validation of his strategy in the critical first presidential primary.
After months of up-close-and-personal campaigning and a television ad blitz largely bankrolled by Kasich's allies at a free-spending political action committee, two new surveys show the Republican tied for second, trailing only Donald Trump.
"This is what I always thought was going to happen," Kasich said late Monday by telephone from California, where he had fundraisers scheduled. "I always thought we would emerge. We have the best ground game in the state."
Kasich, who also learned earlier in the day that he had clinched a prime-time spot at Thursday's GOP debates, wanted to enjoy the good news while it lasted.
"I'm probably going to get pounded now," he said.
Henry J. Gomez: 5 keys to John Kasich's New Hampshire rebound
The race in New Hampshire, presuming Trump maintains his wide lead, is a five-way scramble for second. With Kasich and three other center-right "establishment" candidates fighting for that spot, many have likened the race to a circular firing squad.
But until now, most of the shots have been aimed toward the other three: former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida. Team Kasich has gone particularly hard after the tough-talking Christie, who has surged in the wake of terrorism fears and an endorsement by the New Hampshire Union Leader.
Those eager to target Kasich are likely to find fodder in votes from his 18-year career in Congress and in his temperament. Don't be surprised if a 2011 video of Kasich referring to a police officer who ticketed him as an "idiot" soon meets a wider audience.
"They could hammer me and bring us down, but we've acquitted ourselves well," Kasich said. "I'm not worried about anything. I'm still the governor of Ohio."
The still-the-governor line is one Kasich uses often to downplay how much losing would sting. During Monday's interview, he toggled between Buckeye State pride and what struck as a bit of pre-emptive defensiveness over how engaged he is in the job.
"I've flown the Ohio flag. I've bragged about Cleveland," he said at one point.
"Ohio grit, that's what it is," Kasich said at another, observing that, after "everybody was writing our epitaph," his campaign has exceeded low expectations.
"It's the Dawg Pound," he added, a reference to the scrappy Cleveland Browns fans. (Maybe not the best analogy given the team's 3-13 finish, in spite of loyal backers.)
As for how he juggled his duties back home, he volunteered: "I'm working as hard as I can, taking care of the state and, at the same time seeing where this thing leads."
Where this leads depend on how Kasich fares in New Hampshire. He has said repeatedly that he hopes to be "a story" - note: not the story - coming out of the primary. That probably means a top-three finish, depending on where Trump and Ted Cruz, the Texas senator and an anti-establishment candidate also in the mix for second place, land.
Kasich on Monday night resisted the "establishment" tag.
"I think I can win Trump and Cruz votes myself," he said. "You don't win Cuyahoga" - a big Democratic county he carried in his 2014 re-election campaign - "and think you can't win votes. They put a label on you, but I don't pay attention to any of that."
Slideshow: 5 keys to Kasich's New Hampshire rebound.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 29 (UPI) -- An off-duty California Highway Patrol officer is being praised for her integrity after she returned $120,000 to its rightful owner after finding it on the roadside.
The sergeant, who asked not to be identified in the media, was driving in Concord, Calif., in September when she had to swerve to avoid two large bank deposit bags in the road. She took a U-turn to pick them up and found a large amount of cash equalling more than $120,000.
She reported the money and the police were able to track down the owner.
Her friend and children could not believe she returned the money but the officer, who was raised by a single mother in Los Angeles, said it was an opportunity to be an example for her children and teach them a lesson.
"There was no one on that street after I had come back, nobody would have known," she said. "But that's what determines a person's integrity, it's what you do when nobody is looking."
The sergeant was praised by her superiors.
"On too many occasions our personnel do not pause to be recognized as they feel they were simply doing their job." said CHP Golden Gate Division Chief Avery Browne.
Russia's Largest Bank Sberbank ‘Confident' It Will Be Among First to the Blockchain
Russia's largest bank Sberbank expects to join the international consortium R3 alongside Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Credit Suisse, among others, to develop blockchain-powered financial services, according to kommersant.ru. But while the technology can make the bank's operations more efficient, it may also help reduce dependency on the internal SWIFT network in light of the economic sanctions imposed on the country.
Also read: Crypto-Psychology Initiation Text: Towards Understanding Money Symbolism
Jumping on the Bandwagon
Sberbank — the biggest bank in Russia and ranked 33rd in the world — is planning to join the international consortium R3 to develop financial services based on Bitcoin's blockchain technology, according to First Deputy Chairman of the Executive Board at Sberbank, Lev Khasis.
“We are working closely with this consortium and are watching where the evolution of blockchain technology will lead,” said Khasis. “Currently, we are reviewing the [R3] documentation and its viability; and I do not exclude that we will become a part of this consortium, even though there hasn't been any formal decision.”
The bank also confirmed that it is ready to implement blockchain technology as soon a market-ready solution has been developed. Khasis affirmed:
“R3 was established to develop the
technology's protocols and standards. Depending on how this TEchnology is realized, we are confident that we will be one of the first who will take part.”
The R3 consortium was established in September 2015 by members Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Credit Suisse, Barclays, and others. The group has been growing in numbers and already includes 30 banks from all over the globe.
A Weapon Against Sanctions?
But given the negative attitude toward cryptocurrency, and Bitcoin in particular, in Russia, the bank confirmed that there are no plans to issue its own crypto coin.
“As far as I understand, the [Bank of Russia's] position has not changed,” explained Khasis. “It has a negative stance on cryptocurrency.”
He continued:
“[T]he blockchain can be used by us for internal mutual settlements, executing transactions between our daughter companies and other banks. This has nothing to do with cryptocurrency – it is simply a different method for settlement that is simpler, faster and more reliable.”
Interestingly, the blockchain might be used to not only make internal banking operations more efficient but also reduce dependency on SWIFT, a communications network that connections thousands of banks across the globe, in the future. At the same time, SWIFT has just confirmed it will also be looking to implement blockchain technology for speeding up settlements.
“When the sanctions were just implemented, Russian banks were afraid they would be excluded from the SWIFT international system,” former IT Deputy Director at Home Credit Bank, Kirill Kibalko, told kommersant.ru. “Using the blockchain increases the bank's stability and removes any political risk because the blockchain is a distributed system without a single controlling entity that could cut a bank off from the network.”
This might indeed be the case as the R3 consortium is reportedly planning an open-source blockchain for banks and will be operating in less than a year, reports the Sydney Morning Herald. Therefore, it is possible that the Russian bank could be provided with a solution that will enable it to bypass US-led economic sanctions.
But considering that Russia has been on a mission to establish its own SWIFT-like network among the BRICS, the question everyone will probably be asking soon is: Who isn't “studying blockchain technology”?
What do you think of the R3 blockchain consortium? How will it impact Bitcoin? Share your thoughts and comments below!
Images courtesy of Bloomberg.com, Sberbank
Not many would forget the sight of Dinesh Karthik in India colours, horizontal on the ground, as he stumped Michael Vaughan in 2004. It was his first dismissal as a wicketkeeper for India, but his international career never really took off. Around the time he began churning out consistent runs in domestic cricket, India had MS Dhoni at the helm and behind the stumps, so there was very little Karthik could do. A man who was an integral part of a Test series victory over England in 2007, who showed he could open the batting in spicy conditions, just could not capitalise on his second chances.
Karthik was still a giant in domestic cricket though, and had a knack for turning up on turning tracks. No doubt his penchant to sweep, reverse sweep and hare down that track at spinners helped his cause. Those quick feet have at times failed him behind the stumps - often at crucial junctures. He was recalled to the Indian side for a tour of Bangladesh in 2014 - but his wicketkeeping let him down.
Karthik made over 1000 first-class runs in the 2008-09 season, with five centuries including a 213 as Tamil Nadu captain as they reached the semi-finals. For five seasons since - barring 2010-11, 2013 [when he played only one match] and 2015-16 - he had maintained a batting average above 40. Karthik found himself in contention again after Dhoni's retirement in 2014, but Wriddhiman Saha was preferred because he was seen as the stronger keeper.
An in-and-out history with the Indian team didn't help. He was picked in the one-day squad, as replacement for Parthiv Patel in August 2004, and made his debut in a NatWest Challenge game against England where he pulled off a superb stumping. Shortly afterwards, he was called up to make his Test debut against Australia but when he could manage only one fifty in ten matches, he was axed.
He made a comeback in 2008 - picked in the Indian side for all three formats for a tour of New Zealand - but his middling performances continued over the following year and did not allow him to cement a place in the team. He fell out of contention, until a fine 2012-13 domestic season got him back into the ODI side for the 2013 Champions Trophy in England but it proved to be another false dawn.
Karthik may feel unfulfilled when he looks back on his international career, but the IPL should have helped soothe him. He was bought at INR 12.5 crore by Delhi Daredevils in the 2014 auction and the next year, he netted INR 10.5 crore courtesy Royal Challengers Bangalore. He was acquired by Gujarat Lions for INR 2.3 crore in 2016.
ESPNcricinfo staff
Tickets for this summer's Electroland festival are on sale now
Disneyland Paris will be the setting of a new EDM festival this summer.
The theme park will play host to Electroland, a brand-new electronic dance music festival in the park's Paris site.
Disneyland confirmed the news on its website this week, with 10,000 fans being able to attend the one day event on July 8.
American DJ and producer Steve Aoki will top the bill at the one day event, along with Australian duo Nervo.
French DJs Michael Calfan and Richard Orlinski are also on the bill.
Punters will be able to enjoy the park's usual rides during the day and join in on the EDM fun in the evening, since the festival will run from 7pm – midnight.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
4 artistes prêts à enflammer le dancefloor le 8 juillet ! // 4 artists ready to ignite the dancefloor on July 8! #DisneylandParis #Event #Party #July8 #electroland A post shared by Electroland (@electroland_disneylandparis) on Apr 23, 2017 at 2:19pm PDT
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Of the event, Disney said: “A spectacular outdoor stage of Production Courtyard, in the heart of the Walt Disney Studios Park, is waiting for you with a breathtaking decor.
“You'll be immersed in a magical universe and surprised by spectacular mapping projections in front of The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.”
Recently, Disney revealed they are planning enough Star Wars Movies to last into the 2030s, while two-Star Wars theme parks are due to open in the US in 2019.
Tickets for Electroland are on sale on the Disney website now.
From Cape Horn all the way to the Arctic Circle, the world's largest countries provide a beautiful snapshot of the variety of geography, climate and wildlife on the planet. Collectively, the world's largest countries contain rainforest and tundra, mountains and valleys, coastline and desert.
As this we explore the largest nations, we visit five different continents, some of the world's most spectacular geography, and every type of climate imaginable.
Excitingly, it's always changing, too: history has taught that geopolitical boundaries shift dramatically as centuries pass. In the next decades, who's to say which countries will become the world's largest?
When 11.5 percent of all the land in the entire world is claimed by just one country, it's not surprising to learn that the tenth largest country (Algeria) could fit into the largest (Russia) seven times over. When all 10 of the world's largest countries are taken together, they total 49% of the earth's entire 149 million square kilometres of land.
The Algerian Sahara, the largest expanse of Saharan desert.
Algeria, at 2.38 million square kilometers, is the tenth-largest country in the world by area and the only African country in the top 10.
Situated in Northern Africa, Algeria has a Mediterranean coastline 998 km long. 90 percent of the country is desert, and much of its desert regions are highly elevated. The Tell Atlas mountain range runs along the country's northern border, while the interior, much of it hundreds of meters above sea level, contains the Algerian portion of the Sahara desert. The massive Algerian Sahara extends all the way to the south of the country past its borders with Niger and Mali.
Kazakhstan is the world's largest landlocked country.
Kazakhstan's 2.72 million square kilometers stretch over vast plains and highlands. A cool and dry, but not quite desert-like, climate prevails for most of the year. Kazakhstanis experience a great range of temperatures throughout the year, though it doesn't get as cold in Kazakhstan as it does in parts of its northern neighbor, Russia.
Formerly part of the USSR, the largest nation in the world for most of the 20th century, Kazakhstan's current main claim to fame is its status as the largest landlocked country in the world—and the only landlocked country in the top 10.
Mount Fitz Roy in Patagonia, Argentina.
Argentina, the world's 32nd most populous country, is the world's eighth largest, and the largest Spanish-speaking nation in the world by area. Its 2.78 million square kilometers include some of the most varied geography and climate in the world.
Swampy, tropical conditions in the very north give way to freezing glacial regions in the south. Patagonia, one of the most spectacular and dangerous places on the planet, stretches from the southern Andes in the west to the Atlantic Ocean in the east. The southern tip of Argentina, known as Cape Horn, is one of the stormiest locations on the globe.
India is the second largest nation in terms of population, and seventh largest in terms of area
India's boundaries have changed quite a few times over the past century, and even still, India claims that the northern region of Kashmir (an area disputed with Pakistan) belongs under Indian control completely. As it stands, without Kashmir, India's territory stretches for 3.29 million square kilometers.
China, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Nepal each share a border with India, and its geography ranges from the majestic Himalayan Mountains to the tropical shores of the southern peninsula. Geologically, India is found on it's own subcontinent, and geological studies show that this whole nation and it's close neighbours were at one time separated from Asia by a sea.
The Twelve Apostles, Victoria State, Australia
The approximately 4.4 million square kilometer difference between Australia and India represents the second-largest size difference between countries ranked consecutively in the top 10. Australia, at around 7.69 million square kilometers, is over twice the size of India.
It's the largest country in Oceania by far. Technically it is so large that it doesn't even qualify as an island, it is a continental landmass.
The vast majority of its population live in coastal cities like Sydney in the east and Perth in the west, and with good reason: the Australian Outback is one of the world's driest and hottest regions. Along with extreme climate and geography, Australia is known for its spectacular—and often deadly—wildlife.
Copacabana beach, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The largest country in South America at over 8.51 million square kilometers, Brazil plays home to much of the world's largest rainforest, the Amazon. The Amazon is so dense and vast that explorers and scientists have found human civilizations that had never made contact with the outside world.
Brazil also has a lengthy Atlantic coastline on the eastern side, which stretches approximately 8,000 km. Most of its major cities, including Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo exist near the coastline.
The Great Wall of China stretches along a long stretch of the northern border of China.
China, the United States of America, and Canada each occupy just under seven percent of the globe's surface. Of these three, China is the smallest—just barely—at approximately 9.6 million square kilometers. It shares a border with 14 different countries, including Afghanistan to the east, Russia to the north, and Vietnam to the south. It is the largest country entirely in Asia.
Its climate and its people vary dramatically. In the north, temperatures drop to subarctic levels, the center of the nation holds the Gobi, the world's 4th largest desert, and in the south temperatures reach tropical levels regularly. With over 1.35 billion citizens, China is home to 56 recognized ethnic groups, has the world's 18th largest Muslim population, the 19th largest Christian population, and with 1.9 doctors per 1000 people, China has more doctors than the entire population of Qatar.
Long meandering rivers of North Dakota cut through plains and canyons.
The United States, just bigger than China but slightly smaller than Canada, occupies 9.63 million square kilometers. Bordered by Mexico to the south, and Canada to the north, the United States is home to a diverse array of geography and wildlife.
Two North-South features split the nation into three distinct pieces. West of the Rocky Mountains, the Pacific states are known for year round temperate weather and long expanses of beach along the California coast. Sandwiched between the Rockies and the Mississippi River, the great plains stretch from Canada to Mexico, giving the United States one of the world's most fertile growing areas. Lastly, the third of the nation east of the Mississippi is the industrial and economic hub of America, with major cities spread all along the Eastern seaboard.
The vast wilderness of Canada is popular for outdoor activity.
Canada's 9.984 million square kilometers make it the largest country in the western hemisphere, and its 202,080 kilometer coastlines means that it has a longer shoreline than any other nation. With a population density of 4 people per square kilometer, this means that each of Canada's 35 million people could have 61 acres for themselves.
Positioned between the Arctic and the United States, Canada's massive frozen tundra extends into the Arctic Circle. Split similar to the USA; in the western half of the country, the Rocky Mountains run north to south, and prairies provide huge grain and canola growing areas. Eastern Canada is the traditional heart of the nation, with Toronto, Montreal, and the national capital of Ottawa, all located in the East.
The landscape of Siberia, Russia.
Russia's 17.1 million square kilometres easily make it the world's largest by area. In fact, if Russia were to lop off 7 million square kilometers, it would still be the largest—and the lopped-off section would rank seventh overall!
Like China, Russia borders 14 different countries. Unlike China, none of Russia is tropical, though humid summers prevail in much of southern Russia. The Taiga, the world's largest terrestrial biome, extends all the way from Eastern Canada throughout the vast majority of northern Russia. Massive oil reserves exist underneath Russia's frozen forests and tundra; however, due to the expense and difficulty of extracting it, much of Russia's oil wealth remains untapped.
As the NFL season approaches, Cincinnati Bengals rookie running back Joe Mixon will be taking advantage of a number of opportunities to improve his game and adjust to life in the NFL.
Mixon took part in the NFLPA's Rookie Premiere last month and he also was a coach at Marvin Lewis' youth football camp this week. Something else he'll be doing leading up to the season is training with New Orleans Saints running back Adrian Peterson.
Peterson and Mixon were both star running backs for the Oklahoma Sooners, though, their time in Norman was separated by a decade. Mixon told ESPN he plans to spend at least two weeks training with the four time All-Pro and six-time Pro Bowler this summer.
"It'll be fun," Mixon said. "He's going to push me and I'll push him."
Learning from one of the best running backs in the NFL can only be a good thing for Mixon as he prepares for training camp and the preseason in Cincinnati. Mixon will actually be wearing the same number as Peterson in the NFL, after originally wearing No. 28 in high school, while growing up watching Peterson. Mixon wore No. 25 in college, but that number is currently occupied by Giovani Bernard.
Mixon says he plans to work on “certain points about the game” while training with Peterson.
Peterson is set to return this year after a 2016 season in which he only appeared in three games and missed the majority of the season due to a right lateral meniscus tear. On top of that, he's leaving Minnesota behind and playing in New Orleans this year after 10 seasons with the Vikings. Regardless of the circumstances, Mixon is confident Peterson will bounce-back in his 11th NFL season.
"He always bounces back, from whatever, from anything," Mixon said. "I think he's going to have a breakout year again."
We can only hope Mixon's NFL career is as successful as Peterson's has been. Any football tips, tricks and advice the young Bengals rookie can pick up from an experienced pro like Peterson should be highly beneficial.
Maj. Gen. Williams: 'A visit from the president is always a very special thing, but this was historic.'
FORT LEE — When the Commander in Chief decides to pay a visit to a military base, the saying goes that they love it when he's there, but they dread the week before. For Fort Lee however, it has been a labor of love, according to Maj. Gen. Darrell K. Williams.
"You don't ever take a visit from the president of the United States lightly, and there was certainly a lot of work to be done over the last week in preparation, and a lot of logistics to be handled," said Williams. “Luckily, logistics happen to be right in our wheelhouse here at Fort Lee, so the president certainly came to the right place.”
According to Williams, there was a lot to be arranged, many of it played by ear as more details came down the chain of command, from making arrangements with CNN over arranging the broadcast equipment, to handling force protection and security concerns.
Needless to say, there was some pressure for everything to be just perfect, from the base commander on down.
“A visit from the president is always a very special thing, but this was historic,” Williams said. “This is, to our knowledge, the first time a sitting president has ever paid a visit to Fort Lee, just ahead of the Fort Lee Centennial too, so it goes without saying we made sure to pull out all the stops, and that everything was squared away.”
Perhaps nobody knows that more than Staff Sgt. Tiara Brown, a vocalist with 392nd Army Band, who sang the National Anthem, and tasked with delivering the performance of a lifetime — and she did so with less than 24 hours notice.
“I was told I would be singing in front of the president only yesterday, and the nerves set in almost immediately, I didn't know what to say, or think, but it was worse yesterday than today,” said Brown. “I can't even really put it into words what it was like, I feel like I'm in a dream, and I haven't quite woken up yet. It was short notice, but I thank God for the opportunity.”
It's a sentiment shared by the soldiers who had the chance to meet the president, including General Williams, who called meeting the president “one of the highlights of his career.”
“Not too many people get to meet the commander in chief, and I'm grateful my soldiers and I got that opportunity today, and that the president gave recognition to what we do here,” said Williams. “Of all of the places that the President could have chosen to do a town hall, to address military and family issues, he chose Fort Lee, which I think says a lot about Fort Lee, and about the surrounding communities, and I think we represented ourselves proudly today.”
• Sean CW Korsgaard may be reached at skorsgaard@progress-index.com or 804-722-5172.
CLOSE JImmy Haslam, CEO of Pilot Flying J, spoke with the media in 2013 on the state of the company's response to the federal investigation related to manual rebates issued to trucking company customers.
Buy Photo Former Pilot Flying J Vice President of Sales John "Stick" Freeman, center, leaves federal court after being arraigned on charges including conspiracy to commit wire fraud and mail fraud. Freeman pleaded guilty earlier this year. (Photo: Michael Patrick / News Sentinel)Buy Photo
Jurors in a Chattanooga courtroom will be going inside what the nation's largest diesel fuel retailer concedes was a corrupt sales division where fraud was taught and celebrated.
“(Expletive) them early and (expletive) them often,” jurors will hear former Pilot Flying J Vice President of Sales John “Stick” Freeman say in a secretly recorded staff meeting. “I mean, (expletive), sell it to them the way they wanna buy.”
They'll also hear Freeman in person.
Trial to launch
Freeman's onetime boss and alleged rip-off collaborator — former Pilot Flying J President Mark Hazelwood — and three other ex-employees of the firm, executive Scott Wombold and account representatives Heather Jones and Karen Mann, are standing trial beginning Monday in U.S. District Court in Chattanooga on charges including conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud.
Jury selection begins Monday. It likely will span the entire day. The trial is expected to stretch into late December. Jurors will get Fridays off and breaks for holidays.
Buy Photo Former Pilot Flying J President Mark Hazelwood, left, leaves court after being arraigned Feb. 9, 2016, on charges including conspiracy to commit wire fraud and mail fraud as well as witness tampering. Seven other Pilot employees also were named in the 14-count indictment. Hazelwood faces an additional charge of witness tampering. (Photo: Michael Patrick / News Sentinel)
Hazelwood, Wombold, Jones and Mann are the final four left at the defense table in a legal battle that began on Tax Day 2013 with a daytime raid of the diesel giant's Knoxville headquarters.
Sign Up: Get breaking news headlines in your email.
The FBI soon revealed it had been probing for two years a scam within Pilot Flying J on small trucking firms buying lots of diesel fuel. The scam had been operating since at least 2008.
Jimmy Haslam, chief executive officer and owner of the Cleveland Browns, has denied any knowledge and is not charged. Eighteen former employees in the diesel sales division have admitted promising trucking firms a certain rebate on diesel fuel but paying much less and lying when the firms grew suspicious. Two more were granted immunity.
Buy Photo Jimmy Haslam, center, president and CEO of Pilot Travel Centers, visits with managers Gary Jones, left, and Jim Kennedy on Nov. 16, 2010, at the Flying J Travel Center on Watt Road in Knoxville. Pilot Travel Centers and Flying J merged in June 2010, with the company now operating more than 550 travel centers across North America. (Photo: Amy Smotherman Burgess / News Sentinel)
Pilot Flying J's board of directors has confessed criminal responsibility, agreeing to a $92 million penalty. The company also paid $85 million to settle most of the lawsuits related to the fraud scheme. It also agreed to pick up the defense tab for Hazelwood, Wombold, Jones and Mann.
Each is represented by attorneys with some of the most prestigious law firms in the country. But if a jury convicts them and an appellate court declares the trial constitutionally sound, they must pay their former employer back, court records show.
Prison, if the four are convicted, is on the horizon under federal sentencing guidelines, which get higher with each million defrauded.
But attorneys for Hazelwood and the others are already signaling the message they want to send to this jury: Just because others in the sales division were committing fraud didn't mean this quartet knew about their crimes.
“For you to find that a particular defendant joined a conspiracy, it is not enough for the evidence merely to establish a climate of activity that reeks of something foul,” the attorneys wrote in a pitch to U.S. District Judge Curtis Collier to include that statement in legal instructions.
The battle for truckers
Four years after the raid, the federal court record is filled with details of how many in the direct sales division at the nation's largest diesel fuel retailer became corrupted by greed at a time when the Knoxville-based firm was already making billions every year.
Pilot was in a fierce competition in 2008 for truck stop business. Back then Flying J was one of Pilot's competitors. They wound up merging. But in that 2008 business battle, Pilot's direct sales division was under pressure to lure in trucking firms, so Pilot began offering rebates on diesel fuel to trucking firms that would, in turn, promise to fuel all rigs at Pilot truck stops, court records show.
It was a plan that not only guaranteed big gallon sales but drew truckers into Pilot's retail stores at its travel centers. Those truckers spent money — gifts for the family back home, showers, a hot meal, coffee and snacks.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Knoxnews newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Daily news headlines, without having to open the newspaper. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7097. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Knoxnews Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
At the end of 2008, Pilot operated more than 300 truck stops and sold more than 3 billion gallons of diesel fuel. But the firm — founded by Knoxville businessman Jim Haslam with a single gas station in 1958 — still had at least three chain competitors — Love's, Travel Centers of America and Flying J — and competition from thousands of mom-and-pop operations across the U.S.
The idea of locking down business by offering a fuel discount wasn't new. Pilot's competitors did it. But most of Pilot's chain competitors were limiting these discounts to big trucking firms.
Buy Photo A Pilot Flying J travel center is shown on Watt Road at the Interstate 40-75 interchange Nov. 4, 2011. (Photo: Michael Patrick / Knoxville News Sentinel)
Hazelwood, a longtime sales executive on the rise within the firm's sales division, had a subordinate — John “Stick” Freeman — with a plan to both target smaller trucking firms with rebate offers and, the government alleges, defraud them.
The architect
Freeman, a vice president of sales whose commission depended on diesel fuel sales, called the scheme “Manuel.” It was a double entendre: The rebates were entered manually into Pilot's accounting system and, Freeman said, many of the firms targeted in the scheme were owned by Hispanics.
The plan, Freeman would later teach other Pilot Flying J executives and sales staffers, was simple — promise a high rebate but pay low — so long as everyone kept their lies straight.
“Don't get too cute,” Freeman warned at a training session on the rebate scam in the months before the raid.
Freeman, recordings show, talked often of how he once got “too cute,” and Pilot wound up buying an airplane from a trucking firm to appease an owner who discovered he was being cheated.
Buy Photo Former Pilot Flying J Vice President of Direct Sales Scott Wombold, right, leaves federal court after being arraigned on charges including conspiracy to commit wire fraud and mail fraud. Seven other Pilot employees also were named in the 14-count indictment. (Photo: Michael Patrick / News Sentinel)
“Hey, it, this is a game,” he said in a recording. “We're playing (expletive) poker with funny money, and it's liar's poker with funny money. … I don't want to get into a moral or ethical conversation.”
By the fall of 2012, Pilot and Flying J had merged and the combined company had boosted the number of truck stops it owned to more than 500. It was selling more than 5 billion gallons of diesel every year. Hazelwood had risen to president.
But what no one in the company knew was that Vincent Greco, a sales executive based in Texas, had been talking about the rebate scam to someone outside the firm.
Send in the moles
The FBI has never publicly identified to whom Greco was talking. Some suggested a girlfriend. John Verble, a family therapist known as “Dr. John” who became a broker for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney's Knoxville branch, says in a lawsuit he was the one who provided a sympathetic ear to Greco.
There has been no mention of him in the criminal court record. It's not known if he is on the government's witness list for the trial.
Buy Photo Whitney Haslam Johnson, Jimmy Haslam and Jim Haslam meet at the Pilot gas station on Cumberland Avenue as members of management pass out gifts to employees Dec. 23, 2010. Johnson is the daughter of Jimmy Haslam. (Photo: Amy Smotherman Burgess / Knoxville News Sentinel)
Whomever “confidential human source 1” is, that person went to the FBI in 2011 and, at the agency's direction, began recording Greco. Confronted with his incriminating statements, Greco agreed to be a mole in return for immunity, court records show. Another Pilot insider, regional sales manager Cathy Giesick, also agreed to play mole.
Greco would wear a wire. Giesick would funnel the FBI information. She, too, was promised immunity. The FBI set up surveillance outside meetings Pilot executives, including Hazelwood, Freeman and Wombold, attended at locations in Lakeville, Minn.; a Pilot executive's Rockwood-area lake house; Blackberry Farm in Walland; a resort in Orlando, Fla.; and Pilot headquarters on Lonas Drive.
Greco recorded those meetings and lots of conversations among direct sales division executives and staffers about the rebate scam and how they kept it hidden in plain sight.
The feds are watching
With Pilot leadership still unaware of the probe, the FBI and the IRS Criminal Investigation Division assigned agents skilled in forensic accounting.
The U.S. Attorney's Office in Knoxville tapped two men to helm the prosecution who each offered distinct skill sets. Assistant U.S. Attorney Trey Hamilton is a specialist in complicated white-collar criminal prosecutions. Fellow prosecutor David Lewen is an aggressive violent crime prosecutor known for his trial acumen and jury charm.
Buy Photo Assistant U.S. Attorney David Lewen (Photo: Saul Young / News Sentinel)
In February 2013, Greco's secret recordings captured Hazelwood talking about expanding “Manuel” to other trucking firms. He called it, according to court records, “Aunt Bea pricing.”
Hazelwood explained it this way:
"What we're, what we're really talkin' 'bout is two-tiered customers … Customer A, Customer B. Customer A look, looks (into) every orifice you have, Customer B doesn't even know you have an orifice. … We got 'Manuel.' 'Manuel' does a hell of a job. Wonder what percentage of our volume's on Aunt Bea?"
Plea deals and silence
Two months later, federal agents raided Pilot headquarters. They gave no explanation. Jimmy Haslam held a press conference, assuring the public his firm had committed no crime. The feds, in turn, made public the FBI affidavit used to justify the search. It was 120 pages long, revealed the secret investigation and laid out the government's case that Pilot Flying J was defrauding trucking firms across the country.
Jimmy Haslam hired attorney Tom Dillard, a former federal prosecutor with decades of experience successfully defending accused white-collar criminals. Pilot's board enlisted public relations and legal experts.
► More: Plea deals struck
► More: 5 things to know
► More: Pilot Flying J's board paying the bills
A few months passed with no indictments. By year's end, though, many sales division executives and staffers were brokering plea deals, confessing in court and promising to testify if need be. Pilot's board struck a deal in mid-2014.
It would be two more years before an indictment was served up against Hazelwood, Wombold, Freeman and a handful of other direct sales division staffers. Freeman and three others named in that indictment pleaded guilty earlier this year. That brought the total number of former Pilot staffers who confessed guilt to 18 and leaves Hazelwood, Wombold, Mann and Jones to face trial. They have pleaded not guilty.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2hHqHcr
Kochi: One of the biodiversity-rich uninhabited islands part of Lakshadweep has vanished due to coastal erosion and another four such territories in the sea are shrinking fast, claims a new study.
Parali I island, part of Bangaram atoll, which was 0.032 sq km in 1968 has been eroded to an extent of 100 percent, resulting in its inundation, says R.M. Hidayathulla in his research work.
Hidayathulla, who is from Androth in Lakshadweep, was awarded PhD in July by Calicut University for his work 'Studies on Coastal Erosion in Selected Uninhabited Islands of Lakshadweep Archipelago with Special Reference to Biodiversity Conservation.'
He conducted studies on the biodiversity of five uninhabited islands - Bangaram, Thinnakara, Parali I, II and III. Among these, Parali I - of Bangaram atoll in Lakshadweep, an archipelago of 36 islands in the Lakshadweep sea - has been inundated.
The study said the complete erosion and inundation of Parali I was pointing to the gravity of issues associated with the coastal erosion within the atoll.
It has been also noticed that all the five islets of Bangaram atoll had undergone coastal erosion.
"The results are indicative of the urgent measures to be implemented on each islet of the atoll to check further erosion," Hidayathulla told PTI.
His guide on the environmental studies, C.C. Harilal, said submergence of Parali I was noticed when he visited the Bangram atoll in 2011.
The data obtained were processed using Remote Sensing (RS) and Geographic Information System (GIS) pieces of software, Harilal said.
Only 35 islands?
"One island has submerged.. We can say Lakshadweep now is not an archipelago of 36 islands," he told PTI.
Hidayathulla said the assessment of the extent of geo-morphological changes associated with each island for a period of 35 years was carried out.
"As the absence of this island (Parli I) is noticed in both observations carried out in 2003 and 2007, it is assumed that the island has been subjected to complete erosion during the 1968-2003 period and an assessment of the exact year of its inundation requires data analysis for a span of 35 years extending from 1968," said the study.
Hidayathulla said a general trend in erosion has been noticed in almost all the islands he studied.
The magnitude of such events was higher in Parali group, evidenced by the complete erosion and inundation of the island Parali I, the study said.
Noted climate expert Chandra Bhushan hailed the work and said this was one of the very few studies done in India to establish the erosion and complete inundation of an island.
"It is now widely recognized that islands and coastal areas are going to get eroded and inundated due to rising sea levels because of increasing global temperature. India's coasts and islands, which are densely populated, are highly vulnerable," said Bhushan, who is also deputy director general of New Delhi-based advocacy group Centre for Science Environment (CSE).
"With the sea levels predicted to rise further, we should start preparing for building defenses to protect our coastlines and islands," he told PTI.
The magnitude of net erosion was higher in Parali I island (100 percent), which resulted in its inundation.
Apart from Parali I, net erosion was higher in Parali II (80 percent), followed by Thinnakara (14.38 percent), Parali III (11.42 percent) and Bangaram (9.968 percent), the study said.
Read more: Latest Kerala news | A nice beef dish from Kerala: Gauri Lankesh's last wish on her FB page
Heading into the NFL playoffs, each playoff team's offense and defense will be subject to even more detailed evaluation than usual.
The traditional statistics used to evaluate NFL teams' offenses and defenses are based on yardage, which is an incomplete measure for many reasons.
Going beyond the box score and looking at what has actually happened on every play where a given unit was on the field (using expected points added, or EPA) results in a much more accurate evaluation of that unit's complete contribution to the scoreboard, and therefore, winning and losing.
Below are a few examples of offenses and defenses that will be taking the field this weekend whose quality is misrepresented by their yardage rankings.
Because playoff teams are generally good, the biggest differences come when looking at units that are underrated by their yardage-based ratings. If these units were actually as bad as the yardage rankings indicate, the teams would have had much less chance of making the playoffs at all.
Indianapolis Colts Offense (15th in YPG, 6th in EPA PG)
Based on the Indianapolis Colts' 342 yards per game, the offense looks average. But Andrew Luck and company have been really great at limiting mistakes, committing just 13 offensive turnovers (three fewer than any other team in the league) and being penalized for just 14.7 yards per game while on offense (also least in the league).
Colts Offense - 2013 Season
On a related note, the Colts offense has drawn a lot of penalties, earning 40.3 yards and 2.4 first downs per game due to calls on the opposing defense (both ranked in the top-5 in the NFL).
With that additional yardage not accounted for in “total offense” and the fact that the Colts have done well converting their yards into points - averaging 5.0 points per red zone trip - it makes sense that their offense rates near the top of the NFL in terms of EPA.
Philadelphia Eagles Defense (29th in YPG, 15th in EPA PG)
It seems difficult to believe that a team with the “fourth-worst defense” in the NFL, giving up nearly 400 yards per game, could have gone 10-6. And that's because in actuality, when you take into account everything they do to impact the scoreboard, the Philadelphia Eagles defense hasn't been the fourth-worst in the NFL.
First off, there is the pace issue. Because of Chip Kelly's fast offense, the Eagles defense was on the field a lot – a league-high 1,150 snaps, to be exact – so it's not fair to compare them to others using total yardage.
Eagles Defense - 2013 Season
Looking on a per-drive basis, the Eagles still allowed a decent amount of yardage but tightened up in the red zone and limited opponents to just 1.74 points per drive overall, slightly better than the league average.
The Eagles defense forced 31 turnovers (tied for third in the NFL) that contributed to preventing points and also helped set up their own offense. Putting it all together, the Eagles defense certainly isn't elite, but it ranks right around the league average – much better than the yardage numbers indicate.
Kansas City Chiefs Defense (24th in YPG, 8th in EPA PG)
The Kansas City Chiefs defense definitely performed much worse as the level of competition stepped up dramatically in the second half of the season, but they were nowhere near a bottom-10 defense as the full-season yardage numbers indicate.
The Chiefs wiped away a lot of the yards they allowed by forcing turnovers and turning them into points or great field position for the offense.
Chiefs Defense- 2013 Season
Not only were the Chiefs second in the NFL with 33 turnovers forced and tied for first with six defensive scores, but they were also great at setting up their offense with great field position.
On possessions following turnovers and turnovers on downs (times where the defense directly “set up” the offense), Alex Smith and company came onto the field with an average field position on the opponents' 39, the best such average of any team in the league by more than five yards.
In large part because of all those turnovers, the Chiefs allowed just 1.5 points per drive, good enough for fifth in the NFL.
Put it all together and the poor yardage ranking is way off – the Chiefs defense was a net positive for the team, adding nearly three points per game to the scoring margin and helping them get to 11-5 and a Wild Card berth.
San Francisco 49ers Offense (24th in YPG, 13th in EPA PG)
The San Francisco 49ers defense is the main strength of the team no matter what stat you use, but if you just looked at the yardage numbers, it would be appeared that the team was succeeding in spite of the offense.
Part of the reason is the 49ers offense is one of the slowest in the league, averaging 40.6 seconds between line-of-scrimmage plays, fourth-most in the NFL. As a result, the 49ers average just 60 snaps per game, second-fewest in the league, and therefore it makes sense they don't rack up quite as many yards as other teams with more plays.
49ers Offense- 2013 Season
Like the Colts, the 49ers have done a good job limiting turnovers, with only 18 offensive giveaways all season and none being returned directly for scores.
Colin Kaepernick and crew have done a good job making the most of the yards they do get, scoring on 79 percent of drives inside the opponents 40 (third-best in the NFL) and averaging five points per trip into the red zone.
Looking at the overall contribution of the San Francisco offense, it is actually above average at nearly three net points per game.
Does Your Company Know Why It Exists?
Many of the World's Top Companies Can't Explain Their Purpose. Why Knowing Yours Will Be a Competitive Advantage
John Battelle Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 26, 2016
In the Valley, there's not much love for BigCos — those slow-moving dinosaurs stuck in the Innovator's Dilemma tarpit. Valley culture celebrates purpose-driven entrepreneurship and world-changing ideas. As I wrote a few weeks ago:
More than half of millennials believe they will start their own business, and the majority of them believe that businesses must be driven by more than profit — seventy-seven percent of Millennials chose their place of work based on their employers' purpose. Given a choice, this generation does not want to work at the corporations created by their forebears. This, of course, is an existential threat to the world's great corporations.
The next generation of employees does not want to work at a company that lacks purpose. Which got me wondering: What exactly is the stated purpose of the world's biggest companies? And might that purpose inspire a young person blessed with a choice of where to work? Alas, in most cases, the answer is a resounding no.
I spent the better part of two days looking for the purpose of Fortune 500 companies, and came away frustrated — most companies make a hash of describing the “why” of their businesses. Some of them have decent mission statements — but mission and purpose are often not the same.
It's remarkable to think that in an age defined by purpose, most large companies have no idea what their reason for existing actually is. The next 10-to-20 years will bring extraordinary challenges for big companies — nearly all of the Fortune 500 is threatened by massive secular change. If ever there was a time to identify your business's core purpose, it's now.
Here's what I could divine as the purpose (or in some cases, the mission) of five of the world's largest companies. I've added my own thoughts on the challenges each company faces, and whether the company's self-described purpose will help it navigate them.
Walmart. Saving people money so they can live better. For the largest company in the world, this is a pretty clear and inspiring mission statement. It echoes the company's official purpose, which quotes founder Sam Walton: If we work together, we'll lower the cost of living for everyone…we'll give the world an opportunity to see what it's like to save and have a better life. But as we all well know, Walmart has become the largest target in the world — constantly called out as a purveyor of extractive mass consumerism, a destroyer of local communities and mom-and-pop businesses, or a low-wage employer of last resort. However, as I learned firsthand when my NewCo co-founder worked there for nearly four years, Walmart also has an extraordinary corporate culture, one that allowed it to make one of the most far-reaching commitments to sustainability of any corporation in the world. If a young person can get over the rather high hurdles of Walmart's downsides, the company's stated purpose provides a clear true north for the company's future.
Company challenge: Retail is migrating online, and Walmart's core investment in superstores is looking like a bad long-term bet. Does this purpose help or hurt? It helps. Nothing in Walmart's purpose states it must cling to old models of retail distribution. It's purpose is to help people save, period.
Exxon Mobil — Exxon Mobil Corporation is committed to being the world's premier petroleum and petrochemical company. To that end, we must continuously achieve superior financial and operating results while simultaneously adhering to high ethical standards. Sorry, this mission (I couldn't find a purpose) pretty much blows. If I'm a whiz kid fresh out of Wharton or Kellogg, what change in the world am I making by committing my energies to this company? Sure, it's nice you value being ethical, but one hopes that'd be table stakes by now.
Company challenge: While the debate rages, the truth is our global society cannot continue to run on carbon-based fuels. What is Exxon's plan once the world gets off the oil train? Does this purpose help or hurt? It hurts. With a mission that explicitly ladders to petrochemicals and profit over purpose, Exxon Mobil is poorly positioned as the world shifts toward new approaches to consuming energy.
Chevron — To be the global energy company most admired for its people, partnership and performance. Chevron doesn't have a purpose, per se, this is from its “Chevron Way” vision statement. It's great to want to be the “most admired” company in your field, but where's the inspiration in that? Global energy companies dominate the top ranks of the Fortune 50, and all of them are terrible at defining what kind of positive change they want to make in the world. That's a huge problem for a global economy driven by fossil fuels.
Company challenge: See Exxon above. Does this purpose help or hurt? It could help. This mission reads better — at least it's not explicitly tied to petroleum. There's room to pivot.
Berkshire Hathaway — Warren Buffet's massive holding company has no stated mission, but his investment philosophies are legendary. Working at Berkshire is most likely a positive entry in any young businessperson's resume. However, the company itself employs very few people — its massive market cap is due to the companies it purchases and holds. It manages those companies in a unique, hands-off fashion, allowing them to focus on the long term.
Company challenge: What happens when the legendary founder is gone? Does this purpose help or hurt? Not having a stated purpose could hurt. The world would be better off if Berkshire had a strong purpose statement, one that codified Buffet's practices and encouraged others to learn from them. It's a shame we don't.
Apple —Again, here's a major company that has no real stated purpose or mission, which seems quite at odds with the company's brand. For much of the past ten or so years, the company identified this mouthful as its mission: Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad. Egad, that's worse than having no mission at all — and the statement has disappeared from Apple's website after press reports called it out. Of course, Apple may believe it doesn't need to have a real mission statement, because, well, it's Apple. But the company would be well-served to get back to something more akin to its original mission under founder Steve Jobs: To make a contribution to the world by making tools for the mind that advance humankind. Now that's something people can get behind.
Company challenge: Finding new markets big enough to drive growth at the scale Apple's size now demands. Does this purpose help or hurt? It hurts. With no clear stated purpose, the company lacks direction and innovation may suffer.
Given how terrible our largest companies are at declaring their purpose, I thought I'd leave you with a few examples of big companies with clear and inspirational purposes. Consider it a purpose statement unicorn chaser, if you will.
Coca-Cola: To refresh the world…To inspire moments of optimism and happiness…To create value and make a difference. I know, I know, Coke?!! But this vague but purposeful mission statement gives the company permission to rethink its core business — which was built on selling as much sugar/corn syrup as possible. Compare Coca-Cola's mission to Chevron or Exxon, and I'd wager you'd agree, Coke seems aware that change is in the wind.
Google: To organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Like many companies, Google doesn't have a stated purpose, but this ambitious mission has guided the company's success for nearly two decades. Larry Page has recently wondered if Google' mission needs an update given the scope of the company's pursuits. If one is in the works, it'd be a good time for Google to consider its purpose as well.
Uber: Transportation as reliable as running water, everywhere, for everyone. Yes, this is again a mission, not a purpose, but some mission statements incorporate purpose. Regardless of your misgivings about the company, this is a galvanizing statement that will draw people to the company for years to come.
Business has already been rocked by decades of technological disruption, but that was only a prelude to the generational and cultural shifts now underway. To thrive, a company needs more than good products and a profitable business model. It needs a purpose that draws people in and gives them a reason to believe. So ask yourself — what's your company's purpose? And…are you happy with the answer?
###
If you want to share this story, please hit “Recommend” below. It really helps us spread the word. Also, this story is sent first to readers of NewCo's just-debuted weekly newsletter. Want to get it first? Subscribe free here.
Thanks for inviting me to contribute! I'd like to put forward one or two of the main lines of thought for a book project I'm working on—Explaining Blame and Forgiveness. My main point will be about the surprisingly close relation between two apparently very different kinds of forgiveness; but first I need to say something about philosophical method, and to summarise a view of blame that I've put forward elsewhere. [1]
Method: I've long been fascinated with State of Nature genealogical explanations of concepts or practices (the two contemporary inspirations being Edward Craig's book Knowledge and the State of Nature, and Bernard Williams' Truth and Truthfulness). My own belief is that the method is entirely coherent as a way of achieving a philosophical explanation of actual practice; but I accept that many find it obscure how a largely fictional story of ‘origins' is supposed to produce a philosophical explanation of anything real, and that this makes it desirable to find a way of securing the explanatory pay-off without all the fictionalising that puts some people off. This I believe we can do, but only if we manage to be thoroughly explicit about how this kind of State of Nature method is supposed to work, so let me do that now: In such an explanation, what's claimed about the State of Nature (e.g. that it contains a concept or practice with such and such features) is really a claim about what is basic in our actual concept or practice. The narrative or diachronic dimension of the fiction can be misleading in this regard, because it leads one to mistake a deliberately fictional (or part-fictional) genealogy of X for a real history of X. More precisely, what tends to mislead us is that such a story can seem as if it purports to tell us how we actually came to have a practice of X with this or that feature, when really it is an attempt to do something quite different: it is an effort to substantiate a philosophical claim about which features of our actual practice are necessary and which features are by contrast increasingly contingent. (N.B. ‘necessary' here does not mean metaphysically necessary. Rather it means necessary in the qualified sense of ‘practically' necessary in the manner of basic survival needs—which is the idea Craig exploits; or again ‘humanly' necessary in the manner of Strawsonian ‘reactive attitudes and feelings'—which is the sense I shall go on to exploit here for purposes of explaining forgiveness.)
What I think can fruitfully be made more explicit in all this talk of the contrast between what's necessary and what's contingent is that the contrast as it is played out in these State of Nature stories is also one between features of X that are explanatorily basic and features of X that are non-basic or derivative. Genealogical priority works as a metaphor for explanatory priority. The hoped for philosophical pay-off will always be (something like) ‘the fact that we have a practice of X with this or that feature is explained by these features being present in, or derived from, the practice of X that human beings are bound to have, given the immediate imperatives of the simplest formation of society'. Now this analysis of how State of Nature genealogies really work furnishes the more candid and transparent methodological possibility I want, one designed to deliver the explanatory pay-off but without the fictionalising. Here's the proposal. We present a hypothesis about what the paradigm practice of X is like—i.e. the form of the practice that we reckon displays its most basic point and purpose—and we then test out the hypothesis by seeing if we can plausibly represent other, non-paradigm forms of the practice as explanatorily dependent or derivative. They may, for instance, display the distinctive point and purpose in a different, somewhat disguised manner. In which case it can be a worthwhile philosophical task to lift the disguise.
Blame: I have argued elsewhere that the paradigm case of blame is Communicative Blame, where you wrong me and I react by communicating, with feeling, that you are at fault for what you've done. With this hypothesised, the next question is to ask what the point and purpose of Communicative Blame is. What role does it play in our lives? And the answer is that Communicative Blame aims to inspire remorse understood as pained understanding of the wrong one has done. The upshot (and I merely report all this without argument so that it can serve as a premise to what I want to propose in a moment about forgiveness) is that the role of Communicative Blame is to bring the wrongdoer and the blamer into an aligned moral understanding of what has gone on between them: a shared moral understanding. This communicative mechanism can function not only in relation to wrongdoers who already recognise the moral reasons one is blaming them for failing to be appropriately moved by; it can work, as Williams has explained,[2] in relation to wrongdoers who do not yet recognise those reasons. That is, it can work proleptically. Roughly speaking, if you are wronged by someone who is utterly unmoved by the relevant moral reason to treat you decently, then you may well communicate blame to them, and it will not be without point to do so, provided the wrongdoer has sufficient underlying respect for you to be susceptible to your admonitions. For if they are indeed susceptible, then over time they may thereby be caused to recognise the reason they previously lacked. This is how the communication of blame can socially construct shared moral reasons.
Forgiveness: So how does this picture of blame have bearing on forgiveness? The literature on forgiveness displays a broad division between those who conceive of it as earned, through remorse or apology, and those who conceive of it as fundamentally non-earned, or ‘elective'—a gift. There are also some pluralists, and I am on the side of pluralism here, but I find a mere declaration of pluralism to be less satisfying than the achievement of an overall framework that makes room for plurality while ordering the different varieties of forgiveness in a unifying explanatory scheme. Such a scheme will reveal one variety as basic in the sense of explanatorily prior to the others. How might this work in relation to varieties of forgiveness? Let's take the function of Communicative Blame as our starting point: to bring shared moral understanding through remorse. Once that is achieved, if it is achieved, continued blame-feeling serves no further point or purpose, but merely threatens to fester if it is left unreleased from the individual's psychology, or indeed left churning without movement in the moral social system. In short, continuing with blame-feeling that has become redundant makes all parties feel bad to no purpose, and so we're better off without it. Now this, I propose, gives us the point of basic forgiveness: the release of redundant blame-feeling. In this case, the blame-feeling has become redundant because Communicative Blame has achieved its point, and so what we have here is the familiar case of forgiveness earned through remorse—let us call it Moral Justice Forgiveness. At base, the logic of the reactive attitudes of blame and forgiveness is the logic of Communicative Blame and Moral Justice Forgiveness. Our reactive attitudes are attitudes of a simple interpersonal moral justice, and in that simple pattern of reactions it is through remorse that someone earns another's forgiveness. I therefore hypothesise Moral Justice Forgiveness as our paradigm case of forgiveness—the explanatorily basic case.
Its credentials as explanatorily basic depend on two things. First, that it is psychologically simple enough, and socially necessary enough, to be a plausible candidate for something found in human nature. I'm going to take that as read because I take as my touchstone for moral nature the Strawsonian reactive attitudes, of which something like Moral Justice Forgiveness is one. (In fact Strawson's own characterisation of the reactive attitude of forgiveness is slightly more complex than Moral Justice Forgiveness, as it includes a commitment on the part of the wrongdoer not to do the bad thing again, whereas I suspect that isn't quite necessary. But be that as it may.)
Second, the claim that Moral Justice Forgiveness is explanatorily basic depends upon our being able to convincingly represent other, non-paradigm, cases of forgiveness as explanatorily derivative—as iterations of the more basic practice. I believe there are many varieties of forgiveness, but I shall focus here exclusively on a canonical example of the broad kind we might label Gifted Forgiveness. So our question is: can the practice of Gifted Forgiveness be convincingly represented as an iteration of a more basic practice of Moral Justice Forgiveness? I think the answer is Yes. The variety of Gifted Forgiveness I wish to focus on here is exemplified in the much cited literary example from Victor Hugo's Les Misérables. The Bishop forgives Jean Valjean for betraying his trust and stealing the rectory silver, despite the fact that Valjean expresses no remorse. This is an archetypal case of Gifted Forgiveness, but (here's the point) we can only make sense of it as forgiveness by thinking of it as the Bishop giving Valjean something that would normally need to be earned through remorse but on this occasion isn't. Therein lies the distinctive moral meaning and value of Gifted Forgiveness, and it can now be seen as parasitic on the moral meaning and value of Moral Justice Forgiveness. Here we see the generic derivativeness of Gifted Forgiveness: as with the notion of a gift quite generally, its meaning and value consists in the fact that something for which one must normally pay is being given for free. That's what makes this kind of forgiveness so moving.
But the Bishop's forgiveness of Valjean also displays something that reveals it as more specifically derivative of Moral Justice Forgiveness. Bearing in mind its power to move us, I propose that Gifted Forgiveness of this kind is best understood as working proleptically. In forgiving the unremorseful Valjean, the Bishop effectively treats Valjean as if he were already remorseful. And in so doing, given a basic respect for the Bishop on Valjean's part, the Bishop may thereby cause Valjean, over time, to feel remorse after all. Here, then, my suggestion is that we see this classic case of Gifted Forgiveness as gaining its meaning and value from Moral Justice Forgiveness considered as the more basic practice. Gifted Forgiveness that functions proleptically in this way is a temporally displaced version of the more basic practice. We would not be able to make sense of the Bishop's treatment of Valjean as a case of forgiveness without already having a grasp of the practice of Moral Justice Forgiveness, and crucially of its point and purpose.
Some might say this explains away this kind of Gifted Forgiveness, revealing it as not distinct after all but merely a case of Moral Justice Forgiveness in disguise. That would be an interesting result in a way; but for my part I would not put it like that. I don't see any reason to erase the differences between the two. Rather I prefer to see each as a distinctive practice of forgiveness, where we can best understand the one by explaining it as an iteration of the other. I think the relation of explanatory priority I have tried to reveal gives us a reason to regard Gifted Forgiveness as a contingent historical achievement, one that we can only make naturalistic sense of by relating it to the basic case of Moral Justice Forgiveness, but which should also be prized as transcending it in some measure.
Team New Zealand's rivals now have the benefit of early official practice racing in Bermuda after a late rule change.
Another late change to the America's Cup protocol has been stacked against Team New Zealand.
Their five rivals have used their majority vote to now allow teams to have 23 days of training against each other in their official Cup catamarans in Bermuda in the leadup to the first official races that start on May 27 (NZ time).
The first practice races have already begun with video footage emerging of America's Cup holders Oracle Team USA and British syndicate Ben Ainslie Racing duelling.
An oversight in the protocol had previously barred that, happily noted by Team New Zealand as they continued to work away in Auckland on their build and development.
READ MORE:
* Team New Zealand brace for 'brutal' America's Cup
* Team NZ's 'lone wolf' fears
* Oracle skipper Jimmy Spithill has a swipe at Kiwi pedal power
The latest change will restrict any involvement Team New Zealand will have in this practice racing because of the Kiwi syndicate's schedule.
As time ticks away, the practice window will slowly close on Team New Zealand who are only due to head to Bermuda early next month.
The latest development was dryly noted by Emirates Team New Zealand in a Facebook posting, saying: "America's Cup Class race boats lining up already? Until this week it was prohibited by the protocol, but now allowed after yet another rule change. Working together to protect their future AC framework agreement?"
The development further emphasises the dangers Team New Zealand face operating in their "lone wolf" status.
Team New Zealand have been opposed to many of the developments in this cup cycle but have been powerless to stop it. They don't like the recent decision to extend the current rules and format for the next two editions of the Cup beyond this year's event in Bermuda. If the Kiwis win in Bermuda, they would likely use their power to return to the regatta to the traditional format under the Deed of Gift.
"The danger of being a lone wolf, of course, is that there's a lot of people, not just Oracle, that don't want us to win this time," Team New Zealand boss Grant Dalton said earlier this month.
"There are five teams that want us dead now, not one, only because we've ruined their little parade."
Team New Zealand have gone out on a limb with their design that has them using pedal-power.
The latest rules adjustment conveniently allows the design and development arrangement between Oracle and late entry Team Japan to continue but goes beyond that.
Just how many teams will want to reveal in the practice racing remains to be seen. There will certainly be plenty of "shadow boxing" going on.
But the opportunity to execute manoeuvres under pressure in race conditions is certainly beneficial and something Team New Zealand, for the moment, can't enjoy as they operate solo on the Waitemata Harbour.
In the meantime Team New Zealand will have to rely on their reconnaissance to keep them up with play in Bermuda.
Other unexpected changes that have happened during this cycle include the reduction of the size of the catamarans that saw Italians Luna Rossa withdraw in protest, and rules governing replacement daggerboards.
To some, Joseph Campo Jr. was a hero for animals in need.
To others, he was “Purple Deadpool,” an iconic Orlando City supporter who wore a purple-colored mask of the Marvel comics character with a sharp tongue and super-healing powers.
He was a son, a brother and a boyfriend.
But above all, he was a father who adored his 4-year-old son, Tony.
Campo's last Facebook post at 1:54 p.m. Tuesday featured an old picture of Tony dressed up for Halloween.
Above the photo, Campo wrote, “Not happy that night shift has me missing moments like this … Halloween is my holiday and hopefully soon I'll be able to enjoy nights again. … Take care of him Corinne Battersby. Lots of pictures…..”
Campo, 31, never got the chance to see those pictures he requested from his longtime girlfriend.
He died in a car crash about 30 minutes later while driving to work, struck head-on by an oncoming vehicle that lost control and crossed a median on John Young Parkway.
In addition to his son, he is survived by his parents, Joseph Campo Sr. and Paula Campo; and two sisters, Marie Campo and Gloria Begin.
A GoFundMe page set up to raise money for his family received 212 donations the first day, totaling more than $9,000 of the $20,000 goal.
Orlando City co-founder Kay Rawlins, goalkeeper Joe Bendik and defender Scott Sutter are among those who donated.
The club is working with the supporter group Campo belonged to, The Ruckus, to honor him during a benefit match against Puerto Rico Saturday night.
“We are overwhelmed with the amount of people sending their prayers, thoughts and condolences,” his parents said in a statement given to the Sentinel by Battersby. “We will never be able to thank everyone enough. It's amazing to see how many lives Joey touched and how many people loved him.”
Born in Rhode Island, Campo moved to Orlando as a child and attended Cypress Creek High School.
He held various jobs in hospitality before pursuing his passion for animals, working for Orange County Animal Services the past three years.
Campo worked his way up from a kennel officer, caring for roughly 400 animals in the shelter every day, to an enforcement officer on the streets picking up stray and injured animals, issuing citations and investigating cruelty cases.
He and Battersby had four dogs, including a bulldog he rescued, nursed back to health and named Lord Augustus— also known as Gus.
“He was the coworker who made you smile from the moment you saw him,” Orange County Animal Services communications manager Diane Summers said. “I think that's something that's really irreplaceable for us.”
Courtesy of Orange County Animal Services Animal control officer Joseph Campo Jr. holds one of the dogs Orange County Animal Services rescued Animal control officer Joseph Campo Jr. holds one of the dogs Orange County Animal Services rescued (Courtesy of Orange County Animal Services)
Those closest to Campo described him as hilarious, passionate, sweet natured, easy to talk to, zany and charismatic. And not unlike his Deadpool alter-ego, he could be sarcastic, a bit crass and always was up for good banter.
“He can make anybody laugh, regardless of circumstance,” Battersby said. “He's giving. People would call at 2 o'clock in the morning; he'd go fix their car. There's just so much good that I can say about him, and it would never be enough.”
He was a “jack-of-all-trades,” Battersby said, and he did it all with Tony by his side.
He loved working on his motorcycle, playing FIFA video games and most of all cheering on Orlando City.
He was elected head of member relations for The Ruckus in 2015 and vice president in 2016. He also served as a Capo, leading chants on a platform in front of The Wall at Orlando City Stadium.
Campo waited weeks for his special-ordered purple Deadpool masks to come in and was so excited when it finally arrived. He was a Deadpool fanatic and leapt at any opportunity to merge his two passions. He also wore an Orlando City jersey with “Deadpool” on the back.
In the days since his death, dozens of photos showing Purple Deadpool rising in a cloud of purple smoke have been shared on social media.
“Everyone needs a Campo in their life,” said Jerry Updike, president of The Ruckus. “We've been saying this a lot, ‘Be kind. Be passionate. Be loving. Be Joe.'”
ardelgallo@orlandosentinel.com
Do you own a PVP server and absolutely hate the 1.6 update because of how overpowered strength potions are? Thinking you might need to completely get rid of the strength effect in your server so it doesn't turn mad? Think again! This plugin will restore the former glory of the strength effect from 1.5. It also restores the old healing and regeneration effects, which is also a nice feature.
How it works
Strength Fix
Let me explain the math behind 1.5 and 1.6 strength.
1.5
Using ANY sort of weapon(including your bare fists), your damage will be increased at a flat rate of 1.5 Hearts/Level of Strength.
1.6
Using ANY sort of weapon(including your fancy diamond sword), your damage will be increased by 130%/Level of Strength.
Comparison
Let's just say for a moment that we got this guy with a plain old diamond sword. Nothing fancy, like super enchantments, or anything. In 1.5, if that person drinks a Strength II potion and hits a player/mob with their sword, they will deal 6.5 Hearts of damage to that creature. In 1.6, if that same person drank a Strength II potion and hit a player/mob with their sword, they will deal 14.5 Hearts of damage. What???? 8 Hearts difference?! Are you absolutely kidding me??????? Well, just don't worry about it anymore, this will hopefully fix the stress also.
What the plugin does to restore the old strength
Let me just say, this plugin is pretty simple, but it fixes a complicated problem for server owners. All it does is it detects if someone has strength, if so, the new damage increase will be undone. Then the plugin will add the old strength damage on and that will be the product of a hit. Pretty simple, if you ask me.
Healing Fix
1.5
Base healing is 3 hearts. Health gained doubles every additional level.
1.6
Base healing is 2 hearts. Health gained doubles every additional level.
Regeneration Fix
1.5
1 heart is gained every 1.25 seconds. Time is cut in half every additional level.
1.6
1 heart is gained every 2.5 seconds. Time is cut in half every additional level.
Video
Thanks to PluginPVP for the comparisons!
Questions, comments, or suggestions? Just leave them below! :)
Apple is forging closer ties to the fashion world as it plots its foray into the fertile field of wearable technology, trying to win over a critical crowd that may prove crucial to the success of consumer gadgets worn around the body.
Apple has extended invites for its upcoming September 9 media event to "top fashion editors and bloggers", reports Reuters. The news comes as the company is expected to unveil its first wearable device at the event, which has been frequently referred to as the iWatch Previous reports have suggested that the iWatch will be a " fashionable device ", coming in a number of different materials and having a variety of band and face options. Other rumors have suggested that the device may also come in a number of screen sizes , and feature a curved, flexible display along with biometric sensors to track health-related metrics The report also states that Apple held a private, "first-of-its-kind event" last month at an Apple Store in New York to show a variety of fashion and retail apps to a group of style editors. Multiple fashion editors also told Reuters that the company has held other separate events in New York City for members of the fashion industry to review new products and meet the team behind them.Apple has also hired a number of fashion industry experts in the past year, which include former Yves Saint Laurent CEO Paul Deneve who works on "special projects" and directly reports to CEO Tim Cook. Last October, the company also hired former Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts , who is currently Apple's Senior Vice President of Retail and Online Stores.While the iWatch is expected to be announced at the company's media event next week, reports have suggested that the device will not begin shipping until early next year.
Filming for Game of Thrones season 5 is heating up as locals in the town of Portstewart, Northern Ireland, are spotting production crews around the Strand this week.
With filming expected to continue until August 11th, there should be many more sightings to come. Residents of the area have taken a few photos as they happened upon the set, in the past couple days.
Actors from the show have been spotted on set, and the descriptions contain spoilers so proceed with caution!
One passer-by snapped a closer pic of the trucks and horse trailers:
Game of thrones setting up for some filming – wonder if they need any ovine extras? @GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/IZFPmSMVxJ — Sam Trubbles (@Sammyblacksheep) August 3, 2014
Another spotted some almost-familiar figures. Nikolaj Coster-Waldau was seen in Portstewart a few days ago, and it appears his stunt double is now stepping in to work on the scene.
Jon Snow and Jaime's stunt doubles, huh — Henry Schwittay (@SchwittFaced) August 4, 2014
The reference to Jon Snow is curious, given what we know of Jon's story, and I'm wondering if the person mistook another dark-haired person for the Snow double, or if Snow's double was just doing another character's stunts.
UPDATE: Commenter RD supplied some fresh info first hand, clarifying the Jon situation:
I was up at Portstewart Strand today and managed to watch some of the filming. John Snow and the Knisguard are NOT there. It looks they will be filming in at least 3 locations. The part I saw was in the dune system. Jamie Lannister and Bronn were present with stunt doubles in matching clothes. Bronns usual attire and Jamie wearing a purple leather riding jacket opened. They were accompanied by 6 unarmoured guards, who I presume to be Dornish. The uniforms have me confused as not sure I recognise them. They were yellow/gold with brown patterning through them. They are long gown to the knee and an attached like turban. Their spears are quite exotic and similar to that used by Prince Oberyn. No helmets. They also have 4 dressed horses. The scene that I saw was Bronn (the actor himself) pulling a sword from the sand and spinning to duel with an oncoming soldier on horse with a spear. They also have 2 boats, one old looking row boat and a rib (for film crew I guess) They had guys in wetsuits planning something today, I presume for future filming. They also had 3 people on horses doing some sort of rehearsing by riding into the sea and looking out or something but again no filming.
A photo of the Dornish guards RD describes has turned up on Instagram, along with another photo from the same Instagram user:
We see King's Guard and horses — Henry Schwittay (@SchwittFaced) August 4, 2014
In other Game of Thrones season 5 filming news, it looks like Indira Varma is in Belfast. This photo of her hanging out with the Night's Watch crew showed up on Twitter:
According to one of our local sources, Keisha Castle-Hughes, Jessica Henwick, and Rosabell Laurenti-Sellers are in Belfast as well and start filming their scenes this week.
Sue the Fury: The Sand Snakes are in town! Very exciting to see Dorne coming together. And what is Jaime up to with the Kingsguard?
Update! Here are a couple more set photos taken by locals from today's filming that Cian uncovered on Twitter:
Updated: This story was updated with comment from a NOAA spokesman.
The nation's weather satellite program over the course of a year suffered 10 data security incidents, including unauthorized access and probes by adversaries, according to a congressional auditor.
The $11.3 billion Joint Polar Satellite System is set to launch the program's first next-gen spacecraft, the JPSS-1, in March 2017.
But the ground stations that handle satellite communications and data processing "remain at high risk of compromise," David Powner, the Government Accountability Office's director of IT management issues, said in a new report.
The satellite program, which is run by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, feeds prediction models and aids weather forecasters on the ground.
"NOAA has experienced several recent information security incidents regarding unauthorized access to Web servers and computers," Powner said in the audit, released Tuesday. The six episodes now considered closed matters "involved hostile probes, improper usage, unauthorized access, password sharing, and other IT-related security concerns."
» Get the best federal technology news and ideas delivered right to your inbox. Sign up here.
On Wednesday, NOAA declined to provide more information due to national security.
"While NOAA cannot publicly comment on these specific incidents, due to reasons related to national security, all cybersecurity threats are taken seriously and addressed quickly. NOAA remains committed to maintaining the highest possible level of information security," agency spokesman John Leslie said in an emailed statement to Nextgov.
The Government Accountability Office had directed Nextgov to the agency for specifics, because of the sensitivity of the issue.
According to the audit, there is a discrepancy between the program office and agency incident response team over how many of the 10 cases have been handled fully.
Two of the four incidents the JPSS program office recommended be closed remain open. The NOAA incident response team ultimately is responsible for acting on the recommendation, according to the program office.
"Until NOAA and the JPSS program have a consistent understanding of the status of incidents, there is an increased risk that key vulnerabilities will not be identified or properly addressed," as well as "tracked to closure,” Powner said.
Agency officials told Powner work is underway on a new tool to improve the uniformity and timeliness of incident tracking.
The ground system is highly susceptible to compromise because, among other things, the agency has not executed nearly half of the recommended standard security controls and has not patched key vulnerabilities, the audit states.
As of August 2015, there were 1,400 critical and high-risk vulnerabilities that included outdated software, an obsolete Web server and old antivirus definitions. NOAA, which is part of the Commerce Department, is not scheduled to finish fixing the security holes until August of this year and January 2017.
By that time, the vulnerabilities will have been open to potential attack for between 17 and 22 months longer than required by the government, according to the audit.
Commerce Deputy Secretary Bruce Andrews, in a written response to the auditors, agreed with the findings but said “resource constraints and shifting priorities” have hampered efforts to keep pace with changing cybersecurity requirements and to avoid schedule slippages.
“We are responding to these challenges by working to establish repeatable processes and resilient information architecture that together enable mission achievement," he added.
NOAA is no stranger to network intrusions, like much of the federal government. Four agency websites were breached in fall 2014 by an Internet-based attack.
Then, Rep. Frank Wolf, R-Va., said NOAA told him the incident was tied to the Chinese government. In 2013, a hacker stole national environmental satellite data from a contractor's PC.
JPSS-1's timely launch is critical to ensuring the agency's weather forecasts are accurate. NOAA's current crop of joint polar-orbiting satellites are aging and have been running on borrowed time for years.
PDL and League Routed as Grillo Movement Advances in Administrative Elections
Comedian's movement goes to second round poll in Parma. Democratic Party holds its ground and Left gains in municipal elections.
MILAN – The Centre-right is out of contention in all the major cities. Northern League supporters are celebrating Flavio Tosi's first-round win in Verona but elsewhere the League is forced to acknowledge a rout without precedent. Beppe Grillo's movement pulled off a major coup, gaining its first mayor albeit in a small town, going through to the second round in Parma and coming close in Genoa. The Centre-left can bask in victory but also has to face up to the irresistible force of Leoluca Orlando's success in Palermo, the largest of the cities that were voting, and of its impact on future coalitions. Spring's round of voting, the first since Mario Monti's government of technocrats took office, paints a completely new picture of the political scene, setting new problems for political parties and demanding new decisions.
PALERMO – Despite secretary Pier Luigi Bersani's claim that the Democratic Party (PD) has emerged victorious (“There's no justification for saying that everyone has come off worse. Take a look at the numbers”), he will inevitably have to deal with events in Palermo. With more than 47.6% of the vote, Leoluca Orlando has laid down a serious marker in his effort to reclaim the mayoral sash that was his in the 1980s and 1990s. In a fortnight's time, he will cross swords with the Centre-left's official candidate Fabrizio Ferrandelli, who collected 17.4%. But Orlando's challenge to the PD is aimed principally at the party leadership of his former allies: “Half of the PD electorate voted for me. Bersani ought to think about that”.
TOSI BACK – Verona's outgoing mayor Flavio Tosi was voted back in the first round, validating the stance of the Northern League's most pragmatic mayor who has at times clashed with party leader Umberto Bossi. One instance was his decision to present his own, not explicitly Northern League-oriented, civic list. In the end, Mr Tosi topped the poll, probably picking up a fair slice of the former People of Freedom's (PDL) vote. PDL candidate Luigi Castelletti came in well behind the Centre-left's Michele Bertucco, who collected just under 23%, and he was also beaten by the Grillo movement's Gianni Benciolini as both hovered around 8-9%. It's a far cry from the numbers the Centre-right was used to mustering in Verona.
LEAGUE ROUT – This morning, Flavio Tosi is the sole consolation for a Northern League bloodied in many of its stamping grounds. The League surrendered various Brianza strongholds including Monza, Lombardy's third-largest city, where outgoing mayor Marco Mariani failed to make the second round. Elsewhere the League suffered defeats in towns and provinces that have traditionally supported it, such as Varese, Como and Bergamo. There were Northern League losses even in Roberto Calderoli's Mozzo and Umberto Bossi's home town of Cassano Magnago. The League's leader in Milan, Matteo Salvini, said live on Corriere TV: “The voters have given our ears a tweaking. It's a signal. And that's where we need to start from. Recently, the PDL has become the party of the construction industry. It's no longer of any interest to us”. Roberto Maroni, the man who is now most emblematic of the party, said “We'll make a new start from Verona”. Mr Tosi himself commented: “We need to turn things round and go back to being the Northern League of yore”.
GRILLO'S SUCCESS – Parma produced a significant result as the Centre-left's candidate Vincenzo Bernazzoli emerged from the poll well ahead on 39.3% but behind him was Beppe Grillo's Five-Star Movement with Federico Pizzarotti on 19.47%. It was a similar story at Genoa, where Marco Doria, who won 48.39%, can watch a neck-and-neck race between the Third Pole candidate Enrico Musso (14.9%) and the Grillo movement's Paolo Putti (13.9%) with returns from fewer than twenty polling stations still to come in. Early forecasts put Mr Putti in front but whatever the outcome, the coalition vote puts the Grillo movement in second place, confirming its excellent showing. Centre-right candidate Pierluigi Vinai straggled in fourth. The good result obtained by the Grillo movement in Verona also deserves mention while at Sarego in the neighbouring Veneto province of Vicenza, Roberto Castiglion became the Five-Star Movement's very first mayor. He was rewarded with a congratulatory tweet from Beppe Grillo.
English translation by Giles Watson
www.watson.it
The Indian mining giant faces plummeting revenue and risks losing the Abbot Point coal terminal, while new questions have arisen about its ownership structure
Adani's ambitions face a grave new risk in Australia, where its grip on its only operating asset, a Queensland coal port, is threatened by a crash in income unless its contentious Carmichael mine becomes a reality, a new report says.
Adani must refinance more than $2bn in debt on the Abbot Point coal terminal – more than it paid for the port in 2011 – despite earning $1.2bn in revenue and paying virtually no tax in Australia since, according to the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis.
And Adani must gain fresh lender backing at a time when the port faces plummeting revenue that only its $5bn mine proposal, itself yet to secure finance, can make up for, the analysis says.
Great Barrier Reef: Queensland Labor may break election vow and allow ​coal ship loading Read more
IEEFA's analysis was included in an ABC Four Corners program on Adani on Monday that also featured a former Indian environment minister saying he was “appalled” by Australia's approval of the mine.
Jairam Ramesh told the program Adani's environmental history in India “leaves a lot to be desired” and questioned whether the Australian and Queensland governments had properly considered this or its financial conduct, including allegations of large-scale fraud.
“There's no reason for me to believe that Adani would be a responsible environmental player globally,” he said.
The IEEFA report found new links between Adani's Australian corporate structures and a Caribbean tax haven, the port in particular having a “complex and opaque ownership structure [that] appears well-suited to minimising tax”.
It was previously thought that local companies relating to Abbot Point and a proposed rail link with the Carmichael mine – for which Adani is seeking a concessional loan of up to $900m from Australian taxpayers – were owned by an Adani family company in the Cayman Islands, Atulya Resources Limited.
But Singapore corporate filings show Atulya is owned by another Adani family company in the British Virgin Islands, ARFT Holding Ltd.
And two trusts related to the Carmichael rail project are potentially held by another BVI-registered company called Carmichael Rail Australia Ltd, according to the IEEFA analysis. One of the trusts holds a $2/tonne royalty deed that would net the Adani family income from the Carmichael mine, which is expected to yield up to 60m tonnes a year.
Contracts that force Abbot Point's coalmining customers to pay for using the port's full capacity have begun to expire, with the port actually running at just over half its capacity as the bullish predictions of a coal boom gave way to a downturn.
Anti-Adani protest censored by operators of Melbourne's Federation Square Read more
To refinance the port, Adani needed to “convince financiers that [Abbot Point] will be fully utilised into the future” with its own Carmichael mine the only candidate to pick up this looming shortfall of about 25 million tonnes a year, IEEFA said.
The port thus ran “the risk of becoming a stranded asset” if the Carmichael mine, itself a $5bn greenfield project that represented a “high-risk gamble”, did not secure financial backing overseas, it said.
IEEFA's Tim Buckley told Four Corners a potential $1.5bn loss on any decision to walk away from the mine proposal explained why the Adani Group remained focused on securing Australian taxpayer support through a Northern Australia Infrastructure Facility loan.
“To the extent able to be analysed from Asic records, Adani's entire mine, rail and port operation in Australia looks to be 100% debt-financed and shareholders' funds now tally an unprecedented negative-$458m combined,” he said. “The value at stake for the Adani Group's Carmichael mine proposal is far bigger than previously understood.”
Abbot Point must refinance $1.48bn by November 2018 and cumulative debt of $2.11bn by 2020.
The first of seven payments of $85m each to the State Bank of India (SBI) for the port was due last Friday.
SBI in 2013 blocked the sale of Adani's port companies to private Adani family companies in tax havens, insisting these seven payments had to be made first.
IEEFA noted that while Adani's debt from Abbot Point rose to more than $2bn from the $1.83bn it paid in 2011, it had also given $182m in loans to the Adani family's Carmichael rail proposal and $52m to the family's proposal for a new terminal at Abbot Point, since postponed.
Public interest lawsuit filed in India calling for investigation into Adani Group Read more
Buckley's report co-author, Adam Walters, said the port companies had effectively taken out extra debt to “prop up” the family-owned proposals.
Walters said a range of major Australian banks including the Commonwealth Bank had “heavy exposure” through lending for Abbot Point but it was not clear if any had since on-sold the debt to other institutions.
The Queensland premier, Annastacia Palaszczuk, on Monday defended the “strict environmental conditions” attached to Adani's project, including the postponed port expansion.
“We stopped the dumping of dredge spoil in the Great Barrier Reef,” she told reporters.
Adani responded by saying it operated within the law and defended its environmental record, citing cases before India's supreme court.
“Adani Group adhere to the laws of the land in which we operate, be it India or any other of the 50 geographies we work in,” the company said in a statement. “We cannot be held to either ransom or blackmail by media organisations that indulge into sensationalism without any basis and contrary to facts.”
It was a poignant meeting of cultures and minds at this week's premiere in Israel of “The Gardener,” a documentary by Iranian filmmaker Mohsen Makhmalbaf, at the Jerusalem Film Festival.
Makhmalbaf's film, shot mostly in Haifa and Jerusalem's Old City, is a documentary chronicling the journey of the filmmaker and his son, who travel to Israel to learn about the Baha'i faith, a secretive religion that emphasizes the spiritual unity of all mankind. Makhmalbaf said he was amazed at how much Israel reminded him of his own homeland.
“When we were in Haifa especially, I thought I was in Iran,” he said at a press conference Wednesday. “Even the markets are the same; it shocked me.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Makhmalbaf was banned from Iran eight years ago, when his more than 30 books and films that address Western ideologies of democracy and freedom from religion and authoritarian dictatorship were marked as propaganda and banned by the Iranian government. Since fleeing Iran, Makhmalbaf and his filmmaking family have shuffled around Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Paris, but he said he was driven out of each place because of terrorist plots against him.
One such attack took place in Afghanistan, he said, when he was shooting the award-winning 2001 film “Kandahar,” about an Afghani woman from Canada who travels through pre-9/11 Afghanistan, during the rule of the Taliban, to find her sister. According to Makhmalbaf, the Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei sent terrorists to drop a grenade during the middle of shooting a scene. One person died and numerous others were injured.
“That's when the Iranian government started printing articles against me and my work. They put out a notice saying they would go to any lengths to kill me,” he said.
Makhmalbaf and his family later found refuge in London, where they live to his day. While he now can only see his country from a distance, he said he uses his filmmaking as a catalyst to educate Iranian people about democracy.
“One million young people graduate university every year in Iran,” said Makhmalbaf. “They don't need atomic bombs; they need freedom and love.”
Makhmalbaf has been a strong supporter of Israel, saying he wishes Iranians and Israelis could visit each other's countries. One of the things he found most fascinating about the country, he said, is the way many of its citizens strive to create a way to live peacefully together.
“I found out there is a solution between people. Even if the government can't fix it, they can talk to each other,” he said.
The film festival featured a series of Makhmalbaf's films during the 10-day event, in a “Tribute to Makhmalbaf,” showcasing four of his past works and a special July 10 screening of “The Gardener,” after which the filmmaker received a Lifetime Achievement Award for Peace and Freedom.
(Other award winners at the 30th film festival included the Haggiag Family Award for Israeli Cinema for Best Full-Length Feature, awarded to “Youth,” directed by Tom Shoval, and produced by Gal Greenspan, Roi Kurland, and Moshe and Leon Edery. The winner of the Van Leer Award for Israeli Cinema for Best Documentary Film was “Life Sentences,” directed and produced by Nurit Kedar and Yaron Shani.
The Pirchi Family Award in Memory of Anat Pirchi for Best Screenplay in a Full-Length Feature went to scriptwriter Adi Adwan, for the film “Arabani.”)
The final movies in the Jerusalem Film Festival will be shown throughout the weekend, concluding on Sunday night.
Tech Industry Events and Webinars
Find upcoming e-commerce and technology conferences, trade shows, workshops and webinars. Visit ALL EC Events today.
The Makulu Cinnamon Debian Edition 1.1 marks a new path for Makulu. This latest release has numerous new features that could make it a top competitor against the Linux Mint Cinnamon edition. The Cinnamon desktop, released Oct. 28, is a first-time offering for Makulu Linux. It is based on Debian Testing (Jessie) with Cinnamon 2.2 for the desktop.
Makulu's tweaked Cinnamon interface includes the hot corners to activate the Expo display of workspaces and the keyboard combination for the rotating cube.
Makulu Cinnamon Debian Edition, or MCDE, has fewer standard apps than the previous Makulu Xfce and KDE versions offered. Dropping the kitchen sink philosophy has made it a lot less unwieldy.
MCDE has much going for it. However, one critical concern keeps me from making it my permanent Linux Mint Cinnamon replacement: Makulu is a one-person distro.
Cause for Concern
I use the Cinnamon desktop version of Linux Mint as one of my workhorse Linux distros on several machines. I was greatly impressed with an earlier release of Makulu using the Xfce desktop.
However, Xfce is too lightweight an environment for my long stints at the keyboard, and like Xfce, the KDE desktop option is not now available in the latest Makulu Linux release.
So I welcomed this initial Makulu Cinnamon desktop release with relish. I was curious about its ability to dislodge Linux Mint on my computers. Worries about the long-term viability of this distro dampened some of my enthusiasm, though.
With this Cinnamon Makulu release, solo developer Jacque Raymer pulled the plug on maintaining five desktop environments for his distro. Lack of a staff and financial shortfalls forced him to return to his regular day job, he said in a recent blog post. Obviously, that has cut into his development time considerably.
Costly Price
Calls for volunteers to assist him in developing and maintaining the distro have gone unanswered, according to Raymer. As a result, he can maintain a maximum of just two desktop environments. He opted for Cinnamon and is asking users to vote for which of four other desktop alternatives will be the second option going forward.
The choices are Xfce, MATE, KDE or GNOME. As of this writing, Xfce and MATE are leading the poll by more than two to one, with Xfce substantially in the lead.
Raymer also pulled back on the frequency of release cycles. Since Debian Testing provides rolling releases, Makulu Linux users will continue to get patches on current releases.
However, Raymer will push out major milestone releases when they are ready -- he no longer will follow a proscribed schedule.
More Pluses
MCDE is a very impressive tweaking of the Cinnamon desktop environment. It has an attractive theme design with beautiful backgrounds. This Makulu version with Cinnamon flavoring is fast and easy to use.
The default theme includes a few variations. The colorful wallpaper collection brightens up the overall desktop display.
I do not much care for the constant wallpaper changing that is activated by default. It is too distracting. However, it is easy to disable the variety feature in the settings panel.
Software Situation
Gone is the package bloat of previous Makulu releases. Including everything plus the kitchen sink was overkill. This release trims down the software inventory to fewer than two dozen applications that typical users would add to a bare-bones Linux distro.
That explains the smaller installation ISO, at 1.36 GB. Still, that careful mix of applications includes the Kingsoft Office Suite and Foxit PDF reader. There are a few choices for media players and image viewers. The Google Chrome browser is preinstalled.
The Games menu has no preinstalled game offerings, but the Steam and PlayonLinux gaming platforms are preloaded.
If you are a gamer, you should find a much improved performance in the way your Microsoft Windows games play within the Wine Windows emulator. Makulu Cinnamon offers a patched Wine configuration with D3D and CSMT support. One really nice improvement this patching brings is the ability to double-click an .exe or .msi file to instantly partake of Wine.
Missing From Action
Also gone is the MDM display manager, due to stability issues with Cinnamon. In its place is thw GDM3 display manager.
One of the really nice features of the Cinnamon environment is the useful array of Applets, Desklets and Extensions available to dress up the desktop. I give Raymer considerable credit for weeding out troublesome plugins that populate the Cinnamon landscape.
He vetted a nice selection of plugins and included a reliable collection that will not destabilize the distro. However, if you install an unvetted one, you can go to the /.local/cinnamon directory and remove the offending plugin folder to restore system stability.
Menu Manifestations
This Makulu release offers dual menus at each end of the bottom panel. On the left is a highly customizable traditional applications menu. On the right is a mouse-driven Sling menu that facilitates scrolling or viewing on a touchscreen.
In my Linux Mint Cinnamon installations, I previously added the Sling menu applet from the Cinnamon repository. However, having the Slingshot menu already installed adds to the flexibility. This is an area where new users otherwise might not know the menu option existed.
Menu flexibility does not end with the preinstalled dual menu. Unlike the current Linux Mint 17 Cinnamon edition, the Makulu Cinnamon release has a nifty list of alternative main menu styles. I really like this personalization feature in Makulu.
MCDE has an option to select from a collection of 18 main menu styles.
Right-click on the main menu button at the far left of the panel bar and then click Configure. Next, click on the down arrow next to Menu layout. This opens a list of 18 menu styles. Truly awesome!
Installation Expertise
Another thing that makes Makulu Cinnamon Edition shine is in the improved installer. It is way better than the Linux Mint installer.
The installer now supports auto partitioning on a drive that has not been partitioned. On an already-partitioned drive, you will have to edit your partitions yourself. The installer now fully supports UEFI, but this is just a partial improvement. UEFI is not yet implemented into Makulu itself.
The installer offers three options. It will install with a GUI, with both GUI and terminal, and in Advanced mode.
Control Counts
It seems that Raymer is not waiting around for the Cinnamon community to fix its rather disorganized settings panel. He made his own Control Panel interface, dubbed "Makulu Control Center," which puts all of Cinnamon's modules in a simple interface.
Makulu Cinnamon Debian Edition has a very detailed system Information tool that launches a multipanel interface display only after its terminal window output completes.
A built-in news feeder pops up with a message when the Makulu team -- Raymer, that is -- has news on new developments. This is a much smarter approach than the previous method, which streamed news straight to the desktop. The news feeder checks for news every hour.
An RSS reader icon sits in the notification tray on the right side of the system bar. There you can scroll through the latest news posts on the website.
Bottom Line
MakuluLinux Cinnamon is optimized to run on Virtualbox. Just enable both PAE and 3D acceleration and disable 2D acceleration. The recommended minimum ideal Virtualbox settings call for 2 GB of Ram and a dual-core CPU.
Makulu means "Big Chief" in the Zulu Language. This Linux distro provides preinstalled codecs for a very pleasing out-of-the-box experience.
If you appreciate the refinements in the growth of functionality in the Cinnamon desktop, Makulu's latest release is worth a spin -- but try not to get too attached. Your relationship could end abruptly.
Want to Suggest a Review?
Is there a Linux software application or distro you'd like to suggest for review? Something you love or would like to get to know?
Please email your ideas to me, and I'll consider them for a future Linux Picks and Pans column.
And use the Talkback feature below to add your comments!
Jack M. Germain has been writing about computer technology since the early days of the Apple II and the PC. He still has his original IBM PC-Jr and a few other legacy DOS and Windows boxes. He left shareware programs behind for the open source world of the Linux desktop. He runs several versions of Windows and Linux OSes and often cannot decide whether to grab his tablet, netbook or Android smartphone instead of using his desktop or laptop gear. You can connect with him on Google+.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has yet to say anything about Monday's heinous, nihilistic suicide bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England. According to current reporting, the attack has been claimed by ISIS and was carried out by a 22-year-old man born in Manchester to Libyan refugees.
But when Blair does speak, we can be certain he won't mention one key fact: Before the 2003 invasion of Iraq led by the U.S. and U.K., he was forcefully and repeatedly warned by Britain's intelligence services that it would lead to exactly this type of terrorist attack — and he concealed these warnings from the British people, instead claiming the war would reduce the risk of terrorism.
We know this because of the Chilcot Report, the seven-year-long British investigation of the Iraq War released in 2016. The report declassifies numerous internal government documents that illustrate the yawning chasm between what Blair was being told in private and his claims in public as he pushed for war.
On February 10, 2003, one month before the war began, the U.K.'s Joint Intelligence Committee — the key advisory body for the British Prime Minister on intelligence matters — issued a white paper titled “International Terrorism: War With Iraq.”
It began:
The threat from Al Qaida will increase at the onset of any military action against Iraq. They will target Coalition forces and other Western interests in the Middle East. Attacks against Western interests elsewhere are also likely, especially in the US and UK, for maximum impact. The worldwide threat from other Islamist terrorist groups and individuals will increase significantly.
And it concluded much the same way:
Al Qaida and associated groups will continue to represent by far the greatest terrorist threat to Western interests, and that threat will be heightened by military action against Iraq. The broader threat from Islamist terrorists will also increase in the event of war, reflecting intensified anti-US/anti-Western sentiment in the Muslim world, including among Muslim communities in the West. [emphasis added in both cases]
The same report concluded that Saddam Hussein's Iraq “would aspire to conduct terrorist attacks against Coalition interests” only in the event of an invasion. Moreover, “authoritative reporting suggests that Iraqi Intelligence (DGI) has little reach or [terrorism] capability outside Iraq.”
Specifically regarding WMD terrorism, the JIC elsewhere judged that Iraq “would be unlikely to undertake or sponsor such terrorist attacks,” that the threat of it if Iraq were not invaded was “slight,” and that there was no “credible evidence of covert transfers of WMD-related technology and expertise to terrorist groups.”
Tony Blair's case for war, as most clearly expressed in his March 18, 2003 remarks in the House of Commons, essentially turned all of this on its head. The possibility, Blair said, of terrorist groups obtaining WMD from a state like Iraq was “a real and present danger to Britain and its national security.”
“The real problem,” Blair proclaimed, “is that, underneath, people dispute that Iraq is a threat, dispute the link between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction, and dispute, in other words, the whole basis of our assertion that the two together constitute a fundamental assault on our way of life.” Blair did not mention that the people disputing this included his own intelligence services.
Then Tam Dalyell, a Labor MP from Scotland, asked Blair this key question: “What could be more calculated to act as a recruiting sergeant for a young generation throughout the Islamic and Arab world than putting 600 cruise missiles — or whatever it is — on to Baghdad and Iraq?”
Blair did not reveal the explicit warnings from the JIC that exactly this would happen. No, he told Dalyell, “Unless we take action against [Al Qaeda], they will grow. That is why we should act.” Terrorist organizations wouldn't be motivated, as the JIC had told him, by an invasion of Iraq, because their true motivation was that “they detest the freedom, democracy and tolerance that are the hallmarks of our way of life.”
Blair's stunningly fraudulent case for war carried the day, 412-149. The current British Prime Minister Theresa May, then a Conservative front bencher, voted for it. Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn voted against.
Then exactly what the JIC had predicted occurred. Fifty-two people were killed in July 2005 when four suicide bombers — three of whom were British-born — carried out attacks on the subway and a bus in London. One of the killers taped himself stating that they were killing their fellow citizens because Western governments “continuously perpetuate atrocities against my people all over the world.” In a separate tape another said, “What have you witnessed now is only the beginning of a string of attacks that will continue and become stronger until you pull your forces out of Afghanistan and Iraq.”
Two months ago, a British-born Muslim convert murdered four people with a car on Westminster Bridge, then got out and stabbed a policeman to death. Just minutes before his killing spree he declared via WhatsApp that he was acting in revenge against Western wars in the Mideast.
Photo: Paul Ellis/AFP/Getty Images
And now we have the slaughter in Manchester. ISIS has declared that the attack was carried out “in order to terrorize the polytheists, and in response to their transgressions against the homes of the Muslims.”
In her testimony before the Chilcot inquiry, Baroness Eliza Manningham-Buller, head of MI5 at the time of the Iraq invasion, explained all of this:
Our involvement in Iraq radicalized, for want of a better word … a few among a generation … [who] saw our involvement in Iraq, on top of our involvement in Afghanistan, as being an attack on Islam. An increasing number of British-born individuals … were attracted to the ideology of Usama Bin Laden and saw the West's activities in Iraq and Afghanistan as threatening their fellow religionists and the Muslim world.
If British officials had read the JIC's warnings, Manningham-Buller said, they could “have had no doubt” that this was likely to happen.
So did Blair read the intelligence, specifically the February 2003 paper on international terrorism?
He absolutely was aware of it, Blair told the inquiry, “but I took the view then and take the same view now that to have backed down because of the threat of terrorism would be completely wrong.”
But of course this was just another brazen misrepresentation by Blair. He had not taken “the view then,” at least in public, that invading Iraq would increase the risk that Britons would die in terrorist attacks, but it would be somehow worth it. Instead he had claimed that they would be at greater risk without a war, because if left alone Saddam Hussein would enable WMD-armed terrorism.
Asked how she saw this perspective, Manningham-Buller told the inquiry that “It is a hypothetical theory. It certainly wasn't of concern in either the short-term or the medium-term to my colleagues and myself.”
In the end, the most plausible explanation of Blair's motivation is simply that he was willing to sacrifice the lives of British citizens so that the U.S. could continue running the world with the U.K. holding its coat. Richard Shultz, a professor of international politics at Tufts who's long been a key national security state intellectual, wrote in 2004 that “A very senior [Special Operations Forces] officer who had served on the Joint Staff in the 1990s told me that more than once he heard terrorist strikes characterized as ‘a small price to pay for being a superpower.'”
The victims of the Manchester bombing, among them an 8-year-old girl, are that small price.
Washington Post blogger Chris Cillizza on Monday inferred that Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE engaged in sexism by referring to Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE than "she" and "her" during the second presidential debate.
ADVERTISEMENT
Cilizza, also an MSNBC contributor, argued on "Morning Joe" that Trump "kept referring to Hillary Clinton as 'she' and 'her,' which was a concerted strategy. I'm not sure why.”
"He needs independents, he needs women,” Cillizza explained. “There's just not much there last night that I think would convince you if you were not for him previously, particularly if you're a woman.”
In looking at the official debate transcript from Sunday night's debate in St. Louis, it appears both candidates continually referred to the other in pronoun form.
In Clinton's first answer to a question of the evening, for instance, she refers to Trump as "he," "his" or "him" on eight different occasions.
Trump in the first debate referred to his Democratic rival as “Secretary Clinton.”
“Now, in all fairness to Secretary Clinton — yes, is that OK?” he asked. “Good. I want you to be very happy. It's very important to me.”
Cillizza also criticized the debate audience, which was comprised of undecided voters, in a blog post today, calling their questions "terrible."
"When the audience did get a chance to ask their questions, those questions were, well, terrible," writes Cillizza. "'Can you be devoted to all people as president?' Huh? 'Name one thing you like about your opponent?' What?" he asks incredulously.
"Look, I get the desire to have average people ask questions," Cillizza argues. "But the questions have to be better, or else it's a total waste of time."
The third and final presidential debate will be held Oct. 19 in Las Vegas.
More than 170 years before Jean-François Champollion had the first real success in translating Egyptian hieroglyphs, the 17th century Jesuit scholar Athanasius Kircher was convinced he had cracked it. He was very wrong. Daniel Stolzenberg looks at Kircher's Egyptian Oedipus, a book that has been called “one of the most learned monstrosities of all times.”
In 1655, after more than two decades of toil, Athanasius Kircher published Egyptian Oedipus. With his title, the Jesuit scholar characteristically paid honor to himself. Like Oedipus answering the riddle of the Sphinx, Kircher believed he had solved the enigma of the hieroglyphs. Together with its companion volume, Pamphilian Obelisk, Kircher's magnum opus presented Latin translations of hieroglyphic inscriptions — utterly mistaken, as post–Rosetta-Stone Egyptology would reveal — preceded by treatises on ancient Egyptian history, the origins of idolatry, allegorical and symbolic wisdom, and numerous non-Egyptian textual traditions that supposedly preserved elements of the “hieroglyphic doctrine.” In addition to ancient Greek and Latin authors, Kircher's vast array of sources included texts in Oriental languages, including Hebrew, Arabic, Aramaic, Coptic, Samaritan, and Ethiopian, as well as archeological evidence. The resulting amalgam is, without doubt, impressive. But it can also bewilder.
Egyptian Oedipus promised a complete “restoration of the hieroglyphic doctrine,” all the lost secrets of religion and science that ancient Egyptians supposedly encoded on their monuments. The massive final volume gathered almost every hieroglyphic inscription known to Europeans at that time, as well as other ancient artifacts, including mummies, sarcophagi, Canopic jars, sphinxes, idols, lamps, and amulets, found in Rome, other Christian cities, Istanbul, and Egypt. Kircher glossed each object with a learned explanation of its ancient significance. Without a Rosetta Stone, he translated the hieroglyphic inscriptions, character by character, into Latin prose.
But Egyptian Oedipus hardly confined itself to matters Egyptian. Kircher interpreted the hieroglyphs by comparing Egyptian inscriptions with evidence from other traditions that supposedly preserved elements of the “hieroglyphic doctrine.” The book contained extensive discussions of topics such as pagan religion from Mexico to Japan, ancient Greek esoteric texts like the Orphic hymns and Pythagorean verses, Jewish Kabbalah, Arabic magic, ancient alchemy, astrology, and astral medicine. To harmonize the “sacred history” of the Bible with the “profane history” of pagan civilizations, Kircher had recourse to symbolism and allegory. Properly interpreted, the seemingly “absurd” myths of the Greeks, Egyptians, and other heathens express a monotheistic theology that prefigures many of the tenets of Christianity. Among the many levels of meaning contained in the story of Isis and Osiris, for example, Kircher detected the doctrine of the Holy Trinity.
At the dawn of time, Kircher, explained, Adam, instructed by God and the angels, and guided by experience acquired during his centuries-spanning life, possessed perfect wisdom, which he passed on to his children. Noah and his sons preserved antediluvian knowledge from destruction by the Flood, which Kircher placed 1,656 years after the creation of the world and 2,394 years before the birth of Christ. But Noah's son Ham polluted the Adamic wisdom with magic and superstition. Eventually the great Egyptian sage Hermes Trismegistus recovered the pure antediluvian wisdom and invented hieroglyphic writing to preserve it for posterity. But later Egyptian priests mixed the Hermetic wisdom with magic and superstition, creating, yet again, an ambiguous legacy, which was passed on to other nations.
Kircher undertook his investigation almost two centuries before Jean-François Champollion (1790–1832) famously solved the enigma of hieroglyphic writing, using the bilingual Rosetta Stone as his key. Modern Egyptology reveals that ancient obelisks were memorials whose inscriptions record the identity of the kings who built them and the gods to whom they were dedicated. For example, the obelisk that now stands in the private garden of the Villa Celimontana in Rome was originally erected in Heliopolis in the thirteenth century BC by Ramesses II and dedicated to the god Horus. We know this because its inscription reads, “Horus, strong bull, beloved of Maat, Usr-Maat-Ra Setep-en-Ra (Ra-strong-in-truth-chosen-of-Ra), king of Upper and Lower Egypt, son of the Sun, Ramesses II.” Kircher, who scoffed at the idea that obelisks recorded such mundane details, interpreted the same hieroglyphs as symbols of esoteric wisdom. He arrived at a somewhat longer translation:
Supramundane Osiris, concealed in the center of eternity, flows down into the world of the Genies, which is the nearest, similar, and immediately subject to him. He flows down into the divinity Osiris of the sensible World, and its soul, which is the Sun. He flows down into the Osiris of the elemental World, Apis, beneficent Agathodemon, who distributes the power imparted by Osiris to all the members of the lower world. His minister and faithful attendant, the polymorphous Spirit, shows the abundance and wealth of all necessary things by the variety that he brings about and oversees. But since the beneficent power of the polymorphous Spirit may be impeded in various ways by adverse powers, the sacred Mophto-Mendesian table, which acquires the moist strength and fertility of the Nile, in order for the flow of good things to be performed without impediment, must be worn for protection. But since the polymorphous Spirit is not capable of thoroughly completing this task, the cooperation of Isis, whose dryness tempers the moisture of Mendes, is needed. To obtain it, the following sacred table of Osiris is composed, on which are taught the things to be done in sacrifices and the way to perform the Komasian rites. Through this table and the sight of it supramundane Osiris shows the desired abundance of necessary things.
Faced with Kircher's relentless mobilization of erudition in the name of such nugatory results, one may be tempted to dismiss him as a learned charlatan or a crank. More than a few readers have done so, from the seventeenth century to the present, usually referring to his unwavering faith in dubious sources of Egyptian wisdom like the Corpus Hermeticum. In 1614 the Protestant scholar Isaac Casaubon convincingly demonstrated that these texts, long esteemed as the authentic teachings of Hermes Trismegistus, had in fact been composed in the early Christian era. Kircher notoriously gave them credence a generation after Casaubon. As a result most modern scholars have viewed him as an eccentric throwback to a Renaissance Hermetic tradition that had supposedly lost credibility by the mid-seventeenth century. But this view misjudges both Kircher and his age.
Kircher's monomaniacal and uncommonly ambitious determination to wring a solution from the hieroglyphic monuments led him to play loose with the evidence. But he was not unique in thinking that esoteric traditions offered valuable aid to the investigator of ancient paganism and the earliest ages of history. Behind Kircher's great failures—his incredible translations and his reliance on spurious documents—lay principles about symbolic communication and the transmission of ancient knowledge that were widely accepted. Most of Kircher's seventeenth-century critics agreed with him about many things that, from a post-Enlightenment perspective, seem equally ridiculous. Literal biblical history, which set the ultimate parameters of Kircher's research, went virtually unchallenged before the second half of the seventeenth century and retained favor with most scholars long afterward. That an inquiry into ancient Egyptian wisdom should focus on the transmission of antediluvian knowledge and genealogies linking all nations to Noah and his sons was fully in accord with principles shared by most of Kircher's contemporaries, his critics included. The idea that the first human beings, such as Adam, Seth, and Enoch, had been scientists, philosophers and theologians, was the prevalent understanding of the history of knowledge throughout the Renaissance and remained popular in the seventeenth century. Proving that Hermes Trismegistus had not written the Corpus Hermeticum was not the same as proving that the Egyptian sage and his esoteric wisdom had not existed. The idea that hieroglyphs were symbols encoding sacred mysteries remained the dominant theory at least until the early eighteenth century, even if most scholars doubted that Kircher had found their key.
Understandably, posterity has not esteemed Kircher as one of the seminal figures in the genealogy of modernity—a Galileo or a Descartes. But in his day he was, without question, one of Europe's most successful scholars. He embodied the contradictions of a moment when recognizably modern ways of thinking about the past had become available, yet older and conflicting models remained appealing and, to many, persuasive. As such, he allows us to explore a side of history too often lost to view. Without this view we cannot fully grasp the work of thinkers like Galileo or Descartes, much less understand the age on its own terms.
Daniel Stolzenberg is the author of Egyptian Oedipus: Athanasius Kircher and the Secrets of Antiquity (Chicago, 2013), on which this article is based. He teaches history at the University of California, Davis.
Links to Works
Recommended Readings
Who Uses the Diaton Tonometer?
Diaton Tonometer is intended for use by Ophthalmologists, Optometrists, Ophthalmic technicians as well as Inpatient & Outpatient Clinics such as Hospitals, Emergency Rooms, Urgent Care Clinics, Nursing & Elderly Homes, General & Specialty Practitioners.
Non-corneal, Scleral Diaton tonometer is particularly useful in cases where standard direct applanation (corneal) tonometry is difficult or not viable, such as with pediatric patients, in presence of certain corneal pathology, edema, infection, following corneal surgery, keratoconus, KPro and in cases of eye trauma.
“There has been a Renewed Concern about whether Scleral Lenses cause Increase in Intraocular Pressure.”
Multiple Clinical Studies showed IOP to elevate by ~5-7 mmHg regardless of scleral lens diameter worn.
Eye care practitioners that fit sclerals now Need to monitor IOP with Scleral Lenses IN the eye!
IOP monitoring with Diaton minimizes the risks & liabilities for practices and increases the level of patient care.
Contact lens Spectrum covered the topic in detail:
Link: https://www.clspectrum.com/issues/2018/september-2018/the-scleral-lens-vault
Get ready to watch Olympic stars in action and cheer on Team USA!
Fans can watch the Rio Games and share their Olympic spirit with friends at viewing parties around the tri-state. Here's a list of viewing parties for you around New York City and New Jersey:
Potential Breakout Stars of the 2016 Rio Olympics
In Manhattan
Citi's "Rio on the Hudson" will take place on Pier 26 at Hudson River Park from Aug. 5- Aug. 11. The Pier will be complete with beaches, palm trees, live samba music and dancers, Capoeira performances, Brazilians DJs, live graffiti artists creating giant mural displays, and Brazilian food and drinks. The free event will hold meet and greets with Olympic legends, as well as current Paralympians heading to Rio in September.
Get in on Olympics Celebration at Rio on the Hudson
A big outdoor celebration on the Hudson River offers New Yorkers a chance to celebrate the Olympics and get a taste of Rio locally. It includes samba music, dancing and even a few cameos from some Olympics stars. Michael George reports. (Published Friday, Aug. 5, 2016)
Merchants Hospitality have instilled their "Celebrate Rio" campaign in several restaurants around NYC. They are throwing watch parties all month long at Industry Kitchen, Black Hound, Merchants River House, Pound & Pence, SouthWest NY, and Treadwell Park. Each restaurant has its own Brazilian-inspired food and drink menus.
Brickyard Gastropub will display the games on nine TVs with sound. You can call for reservations and questions about specific games and events.
Smithfield NYC will broadcast all sports from Rio, as well as non-USA action that is only available online -- based on demand or what the bar deems is most important that day.
The Paley Center for Media will provide free, HD Olympic screenings starting Saturday, Aug. 6, at noon in Paley theaters.
Faces You Won't See in Rio
In Brooklyn:
Woodwork Brooklyn will be showcasing all soccer games, as well as rhythmic gymnastics.
The Kent Ale House, a sports and craft beer bar, says you can "catch all the action" on 13 TVs, including a 100-inch, hi-def screen. Check out the restaurant's Facebook page for more details and early opening times.
Hunter's on Smith Street is creating a Brooklyn Pop-Up Restaurant "showing and living the 2016 Rio Olympics full time." It will have a special menu featuring Brazilian cuisine by Chef Bruno Bargas. The games will be shown all day and night with big screen TVs and projectors.
Paws-itively Cute!
In Queens
The Courtyard Ale House offers 24 craft beers on tap, and will be playing the Olympic Games on several flat-screen TVs.
Meet Some of the Parents on Team USA
In New Jersey
TGI Fridays in Brick, New Jersey, will showcase Olympic events from Aug. 5-Aug. 21. Click here to RSVP to their Facebook event.
Union Catholic High School in Scotch Plains, New Jersey, will have a viewing party for the Women's 400M Hurdles - Round 1 on Monday, Aug. 15, to support their very own Sydney McLaughlin. The event will take place in their "Olympic Village" (gym and gym parking lot), and is open to alumni, parents, students, faculty, staff, families and all friends of the school.
New Jersey Fencing Alliance will host an Olympic Fencing viewing party on Monday Aug. 8 and Saturday Aug. 13 for Maplewood's own Ibtihaj Muhammad. They will stream the Olympic fencing events from Aug. 6- Aug. 13, as well.
Athletes With NCAA Championships and Olympic Medals
Tears and champagne flow as French skipper completes voyage in just 49 days and three hours
Thomas Coville has smashed the record for sailing around the world solo, finishing his journey in just 49 days and three hours, more than a week faster than the previous titleholder.
The French sailor celebrated his arrival at the Brittany port of Brest with tears and champagne, and said his first priority was catching up on rest after weeks of not sleeping for more than three hours at a stretch.
“Right now, I want just one thing: to sleep and let my mind rest. I want to go to sleep telling myself: all's well!”
How to sail around the world the wrong way Read more
It the 48 year-old's fifth attempt to beat the 57-day record set in early 2008 by fellow Frenchman Francis Joyon. Twice his boat was damaged, and twice he broke a record set by Briton Ellen MacArthur but was unable to edge out Joyon.
On his gruelling journey Coville sailed at an average speed of 45km an hour, to cover more than 52,000 km, according to sponsor Sodebo, which monitored his trip.
“With the speeds you reach, you're always on a razor's edge,” he told Yachts and Yachting website after finishing. “Physically, I cannot take it any further … All of this was combined with a great deal of fatigue. My sleep deprivation is very real.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sailors surround Thomas Coville's Sodebo trimaran as he approaches the port of Brest. Photograph: Yvan Zedda/AP
Coville travelled so fast that not only was it the quickest solo trip around the world, but the third-fastest journey round the world in any sailing boat. The only two crafts to have made the journey faster had crews of 10 and 14 people, able to work in shifts.
His boat was a 31-metre-long, 21-metre-wide Sodebo Ultim trimaran, a three-hulled boat refitted by Coville and a team of designers.
The challenges included 10-metre-high waves in the Indian Ocean, which tossed his craft around like a toy. “It is … necessary to accept that, at times, you are sailing underwater. Sodebo is big, but in troughs of 10m waves it's like a model yacht,” he told Yachting World.
He had internet connection to communicate with a support team that helped him monitor the weather and map his routes. He also benefited from unusually good weather, after bad luck had set back previous attempts.
“Such weather occurs perhaps once a decade,” Yachting World said in a report on his record-breaking trip. “It has taken Coville all these attempts to find and make use of it.”
Keown has signed a deal to keep him at the Madejski Stadium until 2018
Reading defender Niall Keown is confident youth will continue to get its chance in the season ahead.
Keown, 20, was among 11 academy graduates to make their first-team debut for the club last season.
The son of former Arsenal and England defender Martin signed a new three-year contract with the Royals on Tuesday.
"I'm thrilled to be here at a club which is starting to feel like home after four years here already," he told the club's official website.
Keown made his full debut against Brighton in the Championship in March and featured in the starting line-up alongside Anton Ferdinand in the Royals' pre-season friendly in Thailand last week.
"Towards the end of last season, I was lucky enough to get my chance under Steve Clarke," he added.
"I've very much enjoyed working under him. Since he's been here, there's been a clear message to the way he wants to play and I think all the young players are really excited to try to get that opportunity."
The year was 1987 when the Intifada started. Just after few months after I had joined a Jerusalem judo club, our instructor, Dr. Yosi Lev, told us he was going to make a change in our practice sessions: we would now divide our classes between judo and krav maga ("contact combat"). "As a person who has gone through some wars in this country,” he explained, “I can tell you that these riots we are experiencing right now are not going to disappear quickly. The streets in Israel are going to be much less safe, and I want you to be equipped with a martial art more practical than judo."
We all respected our instructor. Dr. Lev was a man who was struck with polio as a young child, a disease that left him paralyzed in both his legs. With a will of iron, he overcame his paralysis, studied judo, and became one of the founders of the sport in Israel. He holds a fifth dan in judo, a very high grade of black belt, and is one of the world's leading experts in the field of martial arts for the disabled. Dr. Lev studied judo, Jujutsu, and street self-defense under Denis Hanover, one of the most important figures in the development of what is now known as krav maga.
I didn't like krav maga. I didn't like its brutality and violence. This was not my plan, I thought, when I chose judo as my sport. Indeed, I did not survive the practice of judo, either; when Yosi eventually decided that teaching judo was too demanding for him, I left it for the study of aikido, which aims at self-defense without unnecessary harm to the attacker.
I did appreciate, though, having been taught krav maga as a modern martial art. Every martial art is limited by its martial culture. Every war culture, be it a war between armies or between street fighters, has its own ethical values, its own rules. Traditional martial arts are bound by what is permitted in the cultures that developed them and the arms that were used when the arts were developed. Thus, every traditional martial art contains anachronism: in the modern street, you will not be attacked in the same way you would have been in traditional Japan. Krav maga is known for its focus on real-world situations and efficient, brutal counter-attacks. It answers challenges that traditional martial arts do not.
Krav maga was derived from street-fighting skills developed by Hungarian-Israeli martial artist Imi Lichtenfeld, who made use of his training as a boxer and wrestler to defend the Jewish quarter against fascist groups in the then-Czechoslovakian city of Bratislava in the mid-to-late 1930s. In the late 1940s Lichtenfeld immigrated to Israel and began to provide combat training lessons to what would become the Israeli Defense Forces, which went on to develop the system now known as krav maga. It has since been refined for civilian, police, and military applications.
Krav maga is about tachles—translated, very imperfectly, as brass tacks. A key principle of krav maga is finishing a fight as quickly as possible; therefore, all attacks are aimed toward the most vulnerable parts of the body. In krav maga you will not find any of those elements of Zen that are so crucial in oriental martial arts. A krav maga practitioner is focused only on efficiency.
Since krav maga is taught in the IDF, most Israelis encounter it in one way or another; but only a few Israelis practice high-level krav maga, which is taught only in army special units. And most do not practice it after they leave the IDF, despite their military exposure to krav maga and despite the fact that martial arts are a fairly common sport in Israel. Few Israelis choose judo, either. In contrast, many practice karate, kung fu, tae kwan do, and—as I do—aikido.
Israelis' abandonment of krav maga when they leave the IDF does not reflect an absence of Israeli martial pride or even krav maga's brutality. Many Israelis, for instance, practice forms of karate which are nowhere as fine or sensitive as aikido. Instead, the problem of krav maga, in my opinion, is its lack of values.
Israelis search for meaning. Survival is not enough. Perhaps the tangible value of martial arts is part of what attracts so many in Israel, but oriental martial arts also answer some need for meaning that is lacking in modern secular life. It is the same drive that sends Israelis to India, to Japan, to South America. Martial arts enchant even religious Israelis who do not lack meaning in their lives. There is no question that Zen as a philosophy also attracts many Israelis. Although Zen may seem as foreign to a Jewish youth as to any other Western youth, there are some values, shared by Zen and Judaism, which touch the deepest Jewish feelings.
What attracted me in aikido, the martial art I chose, were its values. In practicing aikido I found myself applying Jewish principles on which I was raised. In aikido, peace and harmony are real values, not just values that are declared theoretically but values that are challenged in a battle. What is so special in aikido is that these values are truly reflected in the art.
Unlike krav maga, aikido assumes that violence attracts violence, while gentleness creates gentleness. Further, what is unique in aikido lies not just in its strategy but in its concrete practice. One responds to violence with a gentle gesture not in order to turn the other cheek but as a matter of martial wisdom. An aikidoka, or aikido practitioner, truly believes in the power to win through gentleness.
Aikido has another value that is no less important: it teaches the avoidance of self-centeredness. When practicing aikido, one focuses on one's partner, not on oneself. Moreover, one does so at the most vulnerable moment, facing the most difficult challenge—that is, while being attacked. At this moment, instead of falling into a natural posture of self-preservation, an aikidoka is taught to focus on the opponent's body and soul. These values of peace, harmony, and grace are not only taught but practiced in aikido.
As we all know, Judaism as a religion and a culture created philosophy, ethics, even music and art. Martial arts are not its claim to fame. In a historical moment in need of a Jewish warrior, when Jews in many places on the globe need to know how to defend themselves, we have krav maga. I would have wished for a martial art that better reflects Jewish values. Krav maga does reflect the famed strength of the IDF, but I would have been happier with a martial art that is more graceful, peaceful, and gentle. It would not be a Jewish martial art, but it would be a martial art that better suits Judaism.
Joseph Isaac Lifshitz is a Senior Fellow at the Shalem Center in Jerusalem.
COMMENTS
Comments are closed for this article.
George Zimmerman attempted to choke his girlfriend 10 days ago and has threatened suicide because he feels he has “nothing to lose,” prosecutors told a Florida judge today.
Wearing black prison garb and with his hands cuffed in front of him, the 30-year-old killer—who had hoped to fade quietly back into society following his acquittal for the murder of Trayvon Martin in July—cut a lonely figure as he appeared before Seminole County Judge Fred Schott via video link from jail.
In a 12-minute hearing attended only by lawyers, court staff, and a former neighbor, Zimmerman, who was arrested for allegedly threatening his girlfriend with a shotgun at her home on Monday, blinked hard and listened intently as a prosecutor described him as a potential threat to public safety.
Samantha Scheibe, 27, with whom Zimmerman had lived since August until their fiery break-up Monday, has told police “that there was a prior domestic violence incident that occurred approximately a week and a half ago that involved a choking,” assistant state attorney Lymary Munoz told Judge Schott.
Scheibe did not report the alleged choking to police, said the prosecutor, adding, however: “She did fear for her safety on the day of this incident. She indicated that they had been discussing breaking up. He also has mentioned suicide in the recent past. Due to those factors and the defendant indicating at the time he was going to commit suicide, that he had nothing to lose, we feel that the victim's safety and the community's safety is our paramount concern.”
Zimmerman is charged with felony aggravated assault, plus one count of misdemeanor battery—for allegedly pushing Scheibe out of her own front door during their row and barricading himself inside—and another of criminal mischief, for allegedly smashing some of her possessions including a glass table.
“This is a volatile situation potentially,” said Judge Schott as he thrashed over the question of whether Zimmerman should be permitted to return to the property to retrieve his belongings accompanied by law enforcement officers, or barred altogether. He decided on the latter and set bond for $9,000—considerably less than the $50,000 the prosecution had requested—and ordered that Zimmerman to wear an electronic monitoring cuff, plus additional conditions.
Zimmerman may not travel outside Florida nor have contact with weapons, ammunition, or Scheibe: “not in person, not by phone, fax, mail, tweet, Facebook—no contact at all,” the judge emphasized. The no-weapons rule, the judge added, is “in part for her safety and in part for your own safety” and is based on the “previous, unreported claim of battery by strangulation.”
Zimmerman spoke only to confirm his understanding of the judge's instructions and his rights, repeating several times “Yes, your honor” and, when asked if he had any questions, a “No, your honor.” Told that he must also relinquish his passport, the judge asked whether he had yet had it returned to him since the murder trial. “I'm not sure, your honor,” said Zimmerman, who thanked the judge as the hearing closed.
Reportedly mired in debt to the tune of $2.5 million, Zimmerman—who until September was represented by trial lawyer Mark O'Mara—this time relied on a free public defender to do his bidding. Zimmerman is “maintaining his innocence,” said chief public defender Jeff Dowdy outside court, but “of course he's sorry about what happened.”
He is expected to bond out of jail on or by Wednesday morning and has been ordered to reappear before the court, and Judge Jessica Recksiedler, on January 7.
Zimmerman's latest legal woes unfolded two months after police were called to the home of his parents-in-law in Lake Mary, Florida, by his estranged wife, Shellie, who alleged that he had smashed her iPad over his knee and punched her father on the nose. Shellie Zimmerman had days earlier announced that she was divorcing him, claiming that he had become reckless and selfish and that she now had doubts over his innocence in the Trayvon Martin case. “I don't know the person that I've been married to,” she said.
Zimmerman confronted Martin, 17, mistaking the boy for a potential burglar as the boy walked through his gated community in Sanford, Florida, en route to his father's home in February 2012. In the struggle that followed, Zimmerman pulled his gun and shot Martin dead, claiming that he did so in self-defense.
At his trial, prosecutors characterized the shooter as a neighborhood busybody and “wannabe cop” who made wrongful assumptions based on the boy's appearance; Martin was African American and wore a hoodie pulled over his head.
Dowdy, who met with Zimmerman for 45 minutes prior to today's hearing, said outside court that his client was “doing fine, as well as can be expected.”
“Is this as stressful event for him? Probably,” fellow public defender Daniel Megaro added. “But I don't think he's going to hurt himself or anybody else.”
It was reported last week that Star Wars: The Force Awakens star Daisy Ridley was being considered for the lead role in a reboot of the Tomb Raider movie franchise. Now Ridley has confirmed that she has had talks with producers about taking on the role of Lara Croft.
Ridley spoke to The Hollywood Reporter at the Empire Awards last night (March 20), and revealed that there "have been conversations" about the part, which was previously played by Angelina Jolie. "I'm waiting for someone to say 'I want you, let's do it'," she said, but also stated that there wasn't a script for the film yet.
In addition, Ridley's Star Wars co-star John Boyega also told THR that he thought Ridley would be ideal casting for Lara Croft. "I played Tomb Raider the game, it's a new take and I think the movies are going to be based on that version," he said. "But I texted Daisy [and] was like, 'this is you!' and 'you need to get on that because you could be Lara Croft.' She should be."
The previous two Tomb Raider films--2001's Lara Croft: Tomb Raider and 2003's Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life--starred Jolie as the iconic British archaeologist. The first movie remains the highest grossing video game adaptation ever in the US, but the disappointing box office for The Cradle of Life, combined with Jolie's reluctance to revisit the character, meant that a third film never materialized.
A release date, or even a projection of a release date, has not been announced for the new Tomb Raider movie--and it doesn't yet have a title, either. The film, like the 2013 Crystal Dynamics game, tells an origin story, which director Roar Uthaug (The Wave) recently discussed.
"I think making Lara Croft feel like a real human being, that's definitely something we want to bring to the big screen as well," he said in an interview. "I think we'll want to make people relate to Lara as a character. I'm hoping to bring some of my Norwegian sensibilities to the franchise."
Ridley is currently shooting Star Wars: Episode VIII. She is also working on the documentary The Eagle Huntress as an executive producer.
Diego María de la Concepción Juan Nepomuceno Estanislao de la Rivera y Barrientos Acosta y Rodríguez, known as Diego Rivera ( Spanish pronunciation: [ˈdjeɣo riˈβeɾa]; December 8, 1886 – November 24, 1957) was a prominent Mexican painter. His large frescoes helped establish the Mexican mural movement in Mexican art. Between 1922 and 1953, Rivera painted murals in, among other places, Mexico City, Chapingo, Cuernavaca, San Francisco, Detroit, and New York City. In 1931, a retrospective exhibition of his works was held at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. Rivera had a volatile marriage with fellow Mexican artist Frida Kahlo.
Personal life
Maternidad, Angelina y el niño Diego (Motherhood, Angelina and the Child Diego), c. August 1916, oil on canvas, 134.5 x 88.5 cm, Museo de Arte Carrillo Gil. This work forms part of Rivera's Diego Rivera,), c. August 1916, oil on canvas, 134.5 x 88.5 cm, Museo de Arte Carrillo Gil. This work forms part of Rivera's Crystal Cubist period.
Rivera was born in Guanajuato, Mexico, to a well-to-do family, the son of María del Pilar Barrientos and Diego Rivera Acosta.[1] Diego had a twin brother named Carlos, who died two years after they were born.[2] Rivera was said to have Converso ancestry (having ancestors who were forced to convert from Judaism to Catholicism).[3] Rivera wrote in 1935: "My Jewishness is the dominant element in my life."[4] Rivera began drawing at the age of three, a year after his twin brother's death. He had been caught drawing on the walls. His parents, rather than punishing him, installed chalkboards and canvas on the walls. As an adult, he married Angelina Beloff in 1911, and she gave birth to a son, Diego (1916–1918). Maria Vorobieff-Stebelska gave birth to a daughter named Marika in 1918 or 1919 when Rivera was married to Angelina (according to House on the Bridge: Ten Turbulent Years with Diego Rivera and Angelina's memoirs called Memorias). He married his second wife, Guadalupe Marín, in June 1922, with whom he had two daughters: Ruth and Guadalupe. He was still married when he met art student Frida Kahlo. They married on August 21, 1929 when he was 42 and she was 22. Their mutual infidelities and his violent temper led to divorce in 1939, but they remarried December 8, 1940 in San Francisco. Rivera later married Emma Hurtado, his agent since 1946, on July 29, 1955, one year after Kahlo's death.
Rivera was an atheist. His mural Dreams of a Sunday in the Alameda depicted Ignacio Ramírez holding a sign which read, "God does not exist". This work caused a furor, but Rivera refused to remove the inscription. The painting was not shown for nine years – until Rivera agreed to remove the inscription. He stated: "To affirm 'God does not exist', I do not have to hide behind Don Ignacio Ramírez; I am an atheist and I consider religions to be a form of collective neurosis."[5]
From the age of ten, Rivera studied art at the Academy of San Carlos in Mexico City. He was sponsored to continue study in Europe by Teodoro A. Dehesa Méndez, the governor of the State of Veracruz. After arrival in Europe in 1907, Rivera initially went to study with Eduardo Chicharro in Madrid, Spain, and from there went to Paris, France, to live and work with the great gathering of artists in Montparnasse, especially at La Ruche, where his friend Amedeo Modigliani painted his portrait in 1914.[6] His circle of close friends, which included Ilya Ehrenburg, Chaim Soutine, Amedeo Modigliani and Modigliani's wife Jeanne Hébuterne, Max Jacob, gallery owner Léopold Zborowski, and Moise Kisling, was captured for posterity by Marie Vorobieff-Stebelska (Marevna) in her painting "Homage to Friends from Montparnasse" (1962).[7]
In those years, Paris was witnessing the beginning of Cubism in paintings by such eminent painters as Pablo Picasso, Georges Braque and Juan Gris. From 1913 to 1917, Rivera enthusiastically embraced this new school of art. Around 1917, inspired by Paul Cézanne's paintings, Rivera shifted toward Post-Impressionism with simple forms and large patches of vivid colors. His paintings began to attract attention, and he was able to display them at several exhibitions.
Rivera died on November 24, 1957.[8]
Career in Mexico
Amedeo Modigliani, Portrait of Diego Rivera, 1914 , 1914
In 1920, urged by Alberto J. Pani, the Mexican ambassador to France, Rivera left France and traveled through Italy studying its art, including Renaissance frescoes. After José Vasconcelos became Minister of Education, Rivera returned to Mexico in 1921 to become involved in the government sponsored Mexican mural program planned by Vasconcelos.[9] See also Mexican muralism. The program included such Mexican artists as José Clemente Orozco, David Alfaro Siqueiros, and Rufino Tamayo, and the French artist Jean Charlot. In January 1922,[10] he painted – experimentally in encaustic – his first significant mural Creation[11] in the Bolívar Auditorium of the National Preparatory School in Mexico City while guarding himself with a pistol against right-wing students.
En el Arsenal detail, 1928 detail, 1928
In the autumn of 1922, Rivera participated in the founding of the Revolutionary Union of Technical Workers, Painters and Sculptors, and later that year he joined the Mexican Communist Party[12] (including its Central Committee). His murals, subsequently painted in fresco only, dealt with Mexican society and reflected the country's 1910 Revolution. Rivera developed his own native style based on large, simplified figures and bold colors with an Aztec influence clearly present in murals at the Secretariat of Public Education in Mexico City[13] begun in September 1922, intended to consist of one hundred and twenty-four frescoes, and finished in 1928.[10]
His art, in a fashion similar to the steles of the Maya, tells stories. The mural En el Arsenal (In the Arsenal)[14] shows on the right-hand side Tina Modotti holding an ammunition belt and facing Julio Antonio Mella, in a light hat, and Vittorio Vidali behind in a black hat. However, the En el Arsenal detail shown does not include the right-hand side described nor any of the three individuals mentioned; instead it shows the left-hand side with Frida Kahlo handing out munitions. Leon Trotsky lived with Rivera and Kahlo for several months while exiled in Mexico.[15] Some of Rivera's most famous murals are featured at the National School of Agriculture (Chapingo Autonomous University of Agriculture) at Chapingo near Texcoco (1925–27), in the Cortés Palace in Cuernavaca (1929–30), and the National Palace in Mexico City (1929–30, 1935).[16][17][18]
Rivera painted murals in the main hall and corridor at the Chapingo Autonomous University of Agriculture (UACh). He also painted a fresco mural titled Tierra Fecundada (Fertile Land in English) in the university's chapel between 1923 and 1927. Fertile Land depicts the revolutionary struggles of Mexico's peasant (farmers) and working classes (industry) in part through the depiction of hammer and sickle joined by a star in the soffit of the chapel. In the mural, a "propagandist" points to another hammer and sickle. The mural features a woman with an ear of corn in each hand, which art critic Antonio Rodriguez describes as evocative of the Aztec goddess of maize in his book Canto a la Tierra: Los murales de Diego Rivera en la Capilla de Chapingo.
The corpses of revolutionary heroes Emiliano Zapata and Otilio Montano are shown in graves, their bodies fertilizing the maize field above. A sunflower in the center of the scene "glorifies those who died for an ideal and are reborn, transfigured, into the fertile cornfield of the nation," writes Rodrigues. The mural also depicts Rivera's wife Guadalupe Marin as a fertile nude goddess and their daughter Guadalupe Rivera y Marin as a cherub.[19]
The mural was slightly damaged in an earthquake, but has since been repaired and touched up, remaining in pristine form.[20]
Later years
The Tomb of Diego Rivera in The Rotunda of Illustrious Persons inside the Panteón de Dolores
In the autumn of 1927, Rivera arrived in Moscow, accepting an invitation to take part in the celebration of the 10th anniversary of the October Revolution. The following year, while still in Russia, he met the visiting Alfred H. Barr, Jr., who would soon become Rivera's friend and patron, as well as the founding director of the Museum of Modern Art.[21] Rivera was commissioned to paint a mural for the Red Army Club in Moscow, but in 1928 he was ordered out by the authorities because of involvement in anti-Soviet politics, and he returned to Mexico. In 1929, Rivera was expelled from the Mexican Communist Party. His 1928 mural In the Arsenal was interpreted by some as evidence of Rivera's prior knowledge of the murder of Julio Antonio Mella allegedly by Stalinist assassin Vittorio Vidali. After divorcing Guadalupe (Lupe) Marin, Rivera married Frida Kahlo in August 1929. Also in 1929, the first English-language book on Rivera, American journalist Ernestine Evans's The Frescoes of Diego Rivera, was published in New York City. In December, Rivera accepted a commission to paint murals in the Palace of Cortés in Cuernavaca from the American Ambassador to Mexico.[22]
In September 1930, Rivera accepted an invitation from architect Timothy L. Pflueger to paint for him in San Francisco. After arriving in November accompanied by Kahlo, Rivera painted a mural for the City Club of the San Francisco Stock Exchange for US$2,500[23] and a fresco for the California School of Fine Art, later relocated to what is now the Diego Rivera Gallery at the San Francisco Art Institute.[22] Kahlo and Rivera worked and lived at the studio of Ralph Stackpole, who had suggested Rivera to Pflueger. Rivera met Helen Wills Moody, a famous tennis player, who modeled for his City Club mural.[23] In November 1931, Rivera had a retrospective exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City; Kahlo was present.[24] Between 1932 and 1933, he completed a famous series of twenty-seven fresco panels entitled Detroit Industry on the walls of an inner court at the Detroit Institute of Arts. During the McCarthyism of the 1950s, a large sign was placed in the courtyard defending the artistic merit of the murals while attacking his politics as "detestable."[21]
His mural Man at the Crossroads, begun in 1933 for the Rockefeller Center in New York City, was removed after a furor erupted in the press over a portrait of Vladimir Lenin it contained. When Diego refused to remove Lenin from the painting, Diego was ordered to leave. One of Diego's assistants managed to take a few pictures of the work so Diego was able to later recreate it. The American poet Archibald MacLeish wrote six "irony-laden" poems about the mural.[25] The New Yorker magazine published E. B. White's poem "I paint what I see: A ballad of artistic integrity".[26] As a result of the negative publicity, a further commission was canceled to paint a mural for an exhibition at the Chicago World's Fair. Rivera issued a statement that with the money left over from the commission of the mural at Rockefeller Center, he would repaint the same mural over and over wherever he was asked until the money ran out. He was paid in full though the mural was supposedly destroyed. Rumors have floated that the mural was actually covered over rather than brought down and destroyed.
In December 1933, Rivera returned to Mexico, and he repainted Man at the Crossroads in 1934 in the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City. This surviving version was called Man, Controller of the Universe. On June 5, 1940, invited again by Pflueger, Rivera returned for the last time to the United States to paint a ten-panel mural for the Golden Gate International Exposition in San Francisco. Pan American Unity was completed November 29, 1940. As he was painting, Rivera was on display in front of Exposition attendees. He received US$1,000 per month and US$1,000 for travel expenses.[23]
House of Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo (built by Juan O'Gorman in 1930)
The mural includes representations of two of Pflueger's architectural works as well as portraits of Kahlo, woodcarver Dudley C. Carter, and actress Paulette Goddard, who is depicted holding Rivera's hand as they plant a white tree together.[23] Rivera's assistants on the mural included the pioneer African-American artist, dancer, and textile designer Thelma Johnson Streat. The mural and its archives reside at City College of San Francisco.[27][28]
Membership in AMORC
In 1926, Rivera became a member of AMORC, the Ancient Mystical Order Rosae Crucis, an occult organization founded by American occultist Harvey Spencer Lewis. In 1926, Rivera was among the founders of AMORC's Mexico City lodge, called Quetzalcoatl, and painted an image of Quetzalcoatl for the local temple.[29] In 1954, when he tried to be readmitted into the Mexican Communist Party from which he had previously been excluded because of his support of Trotsky, Rivera had to justify his AMORC activities. The Mexican Communist Party at that time excluded from its ranks members of Freemasonry, and regarded AMORC as suspiciously similar to Freemasonry.[30] Rivera answered that, by joining AMORC, he wanted to infiltrate a typical “Yankee” organization on behalf of Communism. However, he also claimed that AMORC was “essentially materialist, insofar as it only admits different states of energy and matter, and is based on ancient Egyptian occult knowledge from Amenhotep IV and Nefertiti.”[31]
Cinematic portrayals
Diego Rivera was portrayed by Rubén Blades in Cradle Will Rock (1999), by Alfred Molina in Frida (2002), and (in a brief appearance) by José Montini in Eisenstein in Guanajuato (2015).
Literary portrayals
Rivera, Frida Kahlo, and Leon Trotsky are principal characters in Barbara Kingsolver's novel, The Lacuna.
Gallery
Paintings
Murals
Sculptures and lithographs
See also
References
Further reading
Writing on RSA about what the public expects from their MP, Anthony Painter states: The public expects you to give over your whole life to pursue their ends (rather conveniently ignoring the fact that there are many conflicting ends that you are meant to pursue). You should be utterly selfless, give your all and be charismatic and gracious at all times. You have to represent every local and personal concern and be a national and international legislative participant simultaneously.
There is nothing wrong with the first; after all is that not what the public expects when they are informed that by electing a candidate he/she is being elected to represent them? That there may be many ‘conflicting ends' matters not to the public; in any event they have no knowledge of, nor care about, any such ‘conflicting ends'. Any MP is indeed expected to be selfless – is that not why they were elected and is that not what the public are led to believe an MP will be? The requirement to represent every local and personal concern while also being a national legislative participant is akin to being a member of government wherein it is expected that government policy will be defended at all times regardless of what complaint an individual constituent may have against said policy – in other words, impossible to achieve.
Isabel Hardman has an article in the Independent in which she questions whether we know how much it costs to become a Member of Parliament – cue crocodile tears? Sir Peter Tapsell misses hitting the nail on the head when he is quoted as saying that banning MPs from second jobs may well mean that only those unemployable elsewhere would succeed in becoming MPs – what he seems to have missed is that there are already a number of MPs who, from their knowledge and performance, already show they are unemployable elsewhere.
On that particular point, we have John Redwood, on his blog, rather grandly announcing: Mr Redwood's contribution to the debate on Devolution in England, 2 March 2015. Just what is it that this Parliamentarian does not understand about transport per se, when he should know that it is a competence of the European Union? Devolve all you like, Mr. Redwood – ultimately it is pointless.
It never ceases to amaze me that calls for MP's salaries be increased, the reason being given that if they were paid circa £100,00/£150,000 pa that this would negate their wish to pursue ‘outside interests' – human nature being what it is, are we all not on the lookout to create ‘extra wonga' given the opportunity? Are we not all ‘taxis plying for hire'?
.At the time of the ‘original' Expenses Scandal, the public (given their head) would no doubt have ‘cleared' Parliament of far more than those that ‘voluntarily' decided to end their journey on the ‘gravy train' on which they were more than willing passengers; and not just the ‘sacrificial goats' that were offered up to the ‘altar of legal retribution'. Mind you that did not stop Tim Yeo continuing to milk the ‘gravy train'; nor did it stop Charles Hendry, nor John Gummer – aka Lord Deben.
Then, continuing this ‘fog produced by supposed knowledge' we must not lose sight of ‘independent' think-tanks such as Open Europe and Business for Britain. In respect of the latter, I can but refer readers to this corruscation from Richard North. My new Member of Parliament writes that: I share your concerns regarding how the electorate would arrive at an informed decision in any referendum particularly in view of the misinformation in the media. Leaving to one side his reliance on a ‘source' on which reliance cannot be placed, are not politicians just as guilty of spreading misinformation?
It is impossible to let pass without mention ‘that programme‘, aired on BBC4 (Sunday) without a comment. Like Daniel Hannan I ‘switched off' after about 35 minutes; and the Newsnight Debate which followed received the same treatment.
Writing in the FT, Janan Ganash would have us believe that a ‘change' election is unlikely as voters seem to want the country tweaked, not turned on its head, continuing that those who are fatalistic believe a society decides for itself how and when it wants to change. That may be so, but it should be recognised that any change society wants is within carefully constrained parameters, those parameters being controlled by our politicians. In any event, has not society been changed and at the will of politicians, without the people being consulted – witness the ‘open borders' policy taken by the last Labour administration; subsequently aided and abetted by so-called charities promoting equality, diversity and the remainder of what may be termed human rights.
Another example of what I term the fog produced by supposed knowledge comes from Brian Binley and Dr. Lee Rotherham with a paper published by Civitas, one entitled Hard Bargains. It beggars belief, even were it possible, to reclaim certain powers which have been ceded to the European Union – something that John Redwood (yes, him again) suggests in the Foreward; stating that if Cameron's negotiation falls short of restoring our authority over the things that matter he would vote to leave. He refers to Cameron wishing to restore sovereignty to our country – and to Parliament – over the big things that matter. What about the little things? I ask because logically if there is not total control over everything then no country, nor its parliament, can be considered sovereign. Some politicians, such as Grahame Morris, prefer to argue that the UK has not ceded sovereignty but rather pooled sovereignty. Ceded or pooled, it still amounts to the same thing – the UK can no longer be considered a sovereign country while even one matter is not under its direct control.
There is a side issue too in that which Redwood writes; namely that by reclaiming powers on important matters he believes politicians will be able to say to voters once again their parliament can respond to their wishes and get things done as they want. This is also a further extension of the fog that is enveloping us where political statements are concerned. Presently the people can say what they want; whether they get it is dependent on the whim of whichever government is in power – and politicians call that democracy.
Of late much has been made about the costs and benefits of the UK's membership of the European Union, but as I mentioned to an audience recently what is the point of any cost/benefit analysis when the two most important matters – matters which, it could be said, are ‘priceless' – are omitted; namely sovereignty and democracy, neither of which we presently have.
In what ever area one looks, when considering that which the political class tell us, it is hard to dispel the feeling that we are being lied to – and the process is not rectified by a media which, in general, accepts everything it is told without question.
Tony Abbott has said Australia has too much forest placed within national parks, declaring that the country is now “open for business for the forestry industry”.
In a speech to the ForestWorks dinner in Canberra, Abbott attacked the “Green ideology” which he blamed for hampering economic growth in Tasmania and unnecessarily protecting swaths of the state's forest.
Abbott reiterated his commitment to strip World Heritage listing from 74,000 hectares of Tasmanian forest, and signalled displeasure at the extent of national parks in general, which cover almost 4% of Australia's land mass.
Abbott said: “Now I'm all in favour of protecting pristine wilderness in proportion – I am all in favour of that. But why should we lock up, as some kind of world heritage sanctuary, country which has been logged, degraded or planted for timber? Why should we do that?
“We have quite enough national parks, we have quite enough locked-up forests already. In fact, in an important respect, we have too much locked-up forest.
“So my friends, when I say that I want Australia to be open for business, I mean open for business for the forestry industry.”
The Tasmanian listing was announced under the previous Labor government as part of a peace deal to solve the state's long-running battle between loggers and environmentalists.
The forestry industry has said it does not want the World Heritage listing revoked, due to the difficulty of selling timber from a previously protected area.
In a speech crafted with the upcoming Tasmanian state election in mind, Abbott said “the Green ideology has done so much damage to Tasmania. We all know that Tasmania has the lowest wages in our country. It's got the lowest GDP per head in our country.
“It's got the lowest life expectancy in our country. It's got the lowest education attainments in our country and it's got the highest unemployment in our country and funnily enough, for the last eight years it's had a government, in large measure, dominated by the Greens,” he said.
In what amounts to Abbott's most in-depth comments about the environment since forming government, the prime minister outlined a philosophy based largely on what people can derive from natural resources.
“When I look out tonight at an audience of people who work with timber, who work in forests, I don't see people who are environmental bandits, I see people who are the ultimate conservationists,” he said.
“That's what I see and I want to salute you. I salute you as people who love the natural world, as people who love what mother nature gives us and who want to husband it for the long-term best interests of humanity.
“Man and the environment are meant for each other. The last thing we do – the last thing we should want – if we want to genuinely improve our environment is to want to ban men and women from enjoying it, is to ban men and women from making the most of it and that's what you do. You intelligently make the most of the good things that God has given us.”
Abbott praised Greg Hunt, his environment minister, for understanding that “the environment is meant for man and not just the other way around”.
The prime minister also announced the creation of a forestry industry advisory council, currently being finalised by the government, to provide information on the sector.
The Greens leader, Christine Milne, launched a scathing attack on Abbott over his comments, claiming it showed he held an “Old Testament” view of nature.
“He talked about doing a deal with the devil and it reminded me of the placards he stood in front of which said ‘ditch the witch',” Milne told Guardian Australia.
“With Barnaby Joyce saying he is praying for rain, it's clear we have a government with an Old Testament view of the environment, that man alone can dominate the environment. It's an anti-science view where the environment is to be exploited by the resource industry.
“[Abbott] is a dangerous, dangerous man. He's an unreconstructed man. It's concerning to me that we have an ideologically driven prime minister who has no empathy for the wonder of the natural world, from our reefs to our rainforests. These are the things people think of when they think of Australia.”
Milne added that Abbott's strategy of gathering votes in Tasmania was likely to backfire.
“He has completely misread the Tasmanian situation – there's a poll that shows 90% of Tasmanians support the forest peace plan,” she said. “I think many genuine conservatives in Tasmania will worry about Abbott's radical agenda. Trashing existing national parks will scare a lot of conservatives.”
The Daily Surge notes that Bristol Palin called out Miley Cyrus Friday for the pop star's hypocrisy about tolerance:
The former Disney Channel star said in a recent interview with Paper magazine— where she also posed nude — that she is the “least judgmental person ever,” and then proceeded to ridicule conservative lawmakers and Christians for their “f**king insane” beliefs and call her parents “conservative-ass motherf**kers.” “Those people shouldn't get to make our laws,” Cyrus said of Christians who hold to a traditional view of marriage. The 22-year-old “Party in the USA” singer slammed Christians who believe Biblical stories.“That's ******* insane,” she told the magazine. “We've outgrown that fairy tale, like we've outgrown f***ing Santa and the tooth fairy.”
On her Patheos blog, Bristol Palin, 24-year-old daughter of former Alaska governor Sarah Palin, struck back at the singer's "hilarious tirade about tolerance" and questioned why Cyrus wants to be free to be herself, but won't “offer the same respect to her parents and those who wish to live out their Christian faith”:
Is it just me, or does it seem more than a little fake that someone claim to be accepting of everyone and everything would spew such judgment towards her own parents and their deeply held religious beliefs? She wants everyone else to let her be ‘free to be Miley,' but seems unwilling to offer the same respect to her parents and those who wish to live out their Christian faith.
Palin concluded by thanking Cyrus “for giving us the best example of what 'tolerance' looks like in Hollywood: it looks a lot like contempt.”
Over the past few years, I've often wondered why comic book publishers weren't taking advantage of the opportunities that we've seen through the growth of webcomics, hooking new readers with free content and then using that to drive them towards the established market. Today, though, it looks like that's exactly what they're doing.
Along with its parent company, Warner Bros., DC Comics is part of a relaunch of three kid-friendly sites, LooneyTunes.com , ScoobyDoo.com and DCKids.com . In addition to videos and games, they're putting up free full-length stories for kids --- including great all ages comics like Eric Jones and Landry Walker 's Supergirl: Cosmic Adventures in the 8th Grade , and the best Looney Tunes comic ever.
Obviously, there's a marketing strategy at play here --- as of right now, the comics that are available at the DC Kids site are all first issues of books like Batman: The Brave and the Bold and Justice League Unlimited , which of course have many more issues available to buy online through Comixology and the DC App.
The Scooby-Doo and Looney Tunes sites, though, have several stories on offer, and whoever's picking them out over at Warner Bros. is doing a pretty solid job. The Looney Tunes site, for instance, has Looney Tunes #100 in its entirety, an alphabet-themed special where each page is a complete story for a character, arranged from A to Z:
What makes that one stick out, in addition to being a solid issue --- written by Dan Slott and Jennifer Moore, with art by an incredible roster that included Kyle Baker , Darwyn Cooke , Marie Severin , Amanda Conner , Jill Thompson and more --- is that it's actually one of the issues that isn't available on Comixology. And here it is , free to read for anybody with an internet connection.
It's definitely something that's worth checking out, and even though it's just for highly specific back issues, it's nice to see that they're delivering comics to a wider audience. And they should --- Looney Tunes is, after all, DC's longest-running comic right now.
Residents watch a broadcast of a 2014 World Cup match projected onto an ancient city wall in Nanjing. Reuters
The World Cup is about to break a few more hearts.
China's Insurance Regulatory Commission announced Thursday that it would ban insurance companies from developing and selling products related to gambling. So long, ‘World Cup Heartbreak Insurance.' We hardly knew you.
Before the World Cup started, An Cheng Insurance sold the heartbreak insurance in an attempt to ease the pain for fans whose favorite teams were knocked out of the tournament early. The company had planned to release new insurance products for the upcoming second round of the World Cup, “but there is no more,” said Zhang Yi, product manager at An Cheng.
The insurance regulator released the policy on Thursday.
“They are the leading body at a higher level, so we need to respect whatever their decision is,” Mr. Zhang said.
On Friday, “World Cup Heartbreak Insurance” was no longer available on An Cheng's store on Alibaba's Tmall platform. It had also been removed from the company's own online shop.
Although the company can't keep hearts from breaking, it is still offering another World Cup-related product: “Getting Drunk Insurance.”
This product has a premium of 13 yuan ($2) for young people (defined as those between the ages of 18 and 40) and 18 yuan for those from 41 to 50 years old. It covers medical expenses of up to 500 yuan if the buyer gets drunk and sick. The coverage lasts for 90 days.
Meanwhile, Shanghai-based Zhong An Insurance is still selling its World Cup insurance products, including “Soccer Hooligan Insurance,” “Night Owl Insurance,” “Foodie Insurance” and “Getting Drunk Insurance.”
A spokeswoman for the insurance company said it doesn't have to discontinue its World Cup-related products because they are normal medical or personal accident insurance and aren't related to gambling. “Although we use the World Cup as a special time to promote our products, it's very different from gambling,” she said.
Those who break their hearts by placing failed bets on the outcome of the games can at least take some solace in knowing the tournament only comes around once every four years.
--Olivia Geng
Even before attaining its independence from Spain, Cuba had several constitutions either proposed or adopted by insurgents as governing documents for territory they controlled during their war against Spain. Cuba has had several constitutions since winning its independence. The current constitution was drafted in 1976 and has since been amended. Cuba is, in 2018, engaged in a major revision of its Constitution, and the revisions are being widely discussed by the people and by academics.[1]
Early models [ edit ]
Events in early nineteenth-century Spain, prompted a general concern with constitutions throughout Spain's overseas possessions. In 1808, both King Ferdinand VII and his predecessor and father, Charles IV, resigned their claims to the throne in favor of Napoleon Bonaparte, who in turn passed the crown to his brother Joseph. In the ensuing Peninsular War, the Spanish waged a war of independence against the French Empire. On 19 March 1812, the Cortes Generales in refuge in Cádiz adopted the Spanish Constitution of 1812, which established a constitutional monarchy and eliminated many basic institutions that privileged some groups over others. The Cortes included representatives from throughout the Spanish Empire, including Cuba.[2]
Several models of constitutional government were proposed for Cuba. José Agustín Caballero [es] offered "a charter for Cuban autonomy under Spanish rule" in Diario de la Habana in 1810,[3] elaborated as the Project for an Autonomous Government in Cuba in 1811.[4] The next year, Bayamo attorney Joaquín Infante living in Caracas wrote his Constitutional Project for the Island of Cuba. He reconciled his liberal political principles with slavery in Cuba, noting that slavery exited in the United States alongside republican government. Spanish authorities imprisoned him for his writings.[3][4] In 1821, Félix Varela represented Cuba in the Cortes Generales of Spain during a short period when the Constitution of 1812 was revived. He joined in a petition to the Crown for the independence of Spain's Latin American colonies, supported by his Project of Instruction for the Politically and Economically Autonomous Government of the Overseas Provinces.[4]
Guáimaro Constitution [ edit ]
The Guáimaro Constitution was the governing document written by the idealistic and politically liberal faction in the insurgency that contested Spanish colonial rule in Cuba and imposed on Carlos Manuel de Céspedes, the conservative who claimed leadership of the independence movement. It was nominally in effect from 1869 to 1878 during the Ten Years' War against Spain.
La Yara Constitution [ edit ]
La Yara Constitution written in 1896 was the last Constitution before the defeat of the Spanish. The principal notable passages of this Constitution on equal civil rights, the right of suffrage and the rights governing equal education for all Cubans were written by General José Braulio Alemán. This Constitution was used as template for the 1901 Constitution
1901 Constitution [ edit ]
Two ad hoc constitutions were adopted in the course of Cuba's fight for independence from Spain (1895–1898). On 16 September 1895, delegates representing the rebel forces adopted a constitution in Jimaguayu, the Constitution of the Republic of Cuba in Arms,[5] and set it to be reviewed in two years by a representative assembly. It described relations between civil and military authority. It named key officials and outlined the requirements of a peace treaty with Spain. In September 1897, the assembly met in La Yaya [es], adopted a new document on 30 October, and named a new president and vice-president.[6]
The 1901 Constitution, was Cuba's first as an independent state. It incorporated eight principles set out in the Platt Amendment without which U.S. troops would not have been withdrawn from Cuba, including the clause that the United States has the right to intervene in Cuba's affairs to protect its independence and guarantee the stability of its government. All but one of the Platt Amendment principles remained in force until a treaty between Cuba and the United States, negotiated as part of Franklin D. Roosevelt's Good Neighbor Policy toward Latin America, took effect on 9 June 1934, leaving U.S. only its right to a permanent lease to its Guantanamo Naval Station.[7]
1940 Constitution [ edit ]
During the presidency of Federico Laredo Brú, a Constitutional Assembly was elected in November 1939 to write a new constitution. The Assembly debated publicly for six months and adopted the constitution at the Capitol in Havana. It was signed by the delegates on 1 July 1940, and took effect on 10 October 1940.[8] It provided for land reform, public education, universal healthcare, minimum wage and other progressive ideas, many of which were not implemented in practice. The Constitution abolished capital punishment and established as national policy restrictions on the size of land holdings and an end to common ownership of sugar plantations and sugar mills, but these principles were never translated into legislation. The constitution ordained a presidency and a bicameral congress, both with a four-year tenure, with a ban on direct re-elections to the office of president (though non-consecutive re-election would be tolerated; similar to the current constitution of Chile) with executive power shared with a new, separate office of Prime Minister of Cuba, to be nominated by the president.[9] Fulgencio Batista suspended parts of this constitution after seizing power in 1952. It was completely suspended after the Cuban revolution.
1976 Constitution [ edit ]
Granma reading "Everybody to vote tomorrow for the socialist constitution." 14 February 1976 edition ofreading "Everybody to vote tomorrow for the socialist constitution."
After 16 years of non-constitutional government from 1959 to 1975, the revolutionary government of Cuba sought to institutionalize the revolution by putting a new constitution to a popular vote. The Constitution of 1976, modeled after the 1936 Soviet Constitution, was adopted by referendum on 15 February 1976, in which it was approved by 99.02% of voters, in a 98% turnout.[10][11] It took effect on 24 February 1976. This constitution called for a centralized control of the market and re-committed the state to providing its citizens with access to free education and health care, as in the 1940 constitution. The state was further granted the power to regulate the activities of religious institutions and the private ownership of media was prohibited. Article 53 gave citizens freedom of speech, and Article 54 gave citizens the right to assemble.
The dissolution of the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc plunged Cuba into an era of economic crisis known as the Special Period in Time of Peace. In response, the constitution was amended in 1992 to remove certain limitations on foreign investment and grant foreign corporations a limited right to own property on the island if they established joint ventures with the government.[12] Another amendment established that Cuba is a secular state rather than an atheist state, prompting an expansion of local participation in religious observance, increased social service work on the part of sectarian international charities, and public recognition of religious pluralism.[13] In 2002, the constitution was amended to stipulate that the socialistic system was permanent and irrevocable.[14]
2019 constitution [ edit ]
On July 14, 2018, a Communist Party task force drafted a new constitutional text, then given to a National Assembly commission headed by Party First Secretary Raúl Castro to assess, refine, and forward the new draft constitution to the National Assembly plenary. The reforms are seen as part of the attempt to modernize the Cuban government.[15] The draft contains 87 new articles, increasing the total from 137 to 224.[16] Among the reforms are:[17][15][16][18][19][20]
The new constitution, which also omits the aim of building a communist society and instead works towards the construction of socialism,[21] was presented to the National Assembly of People's Power by secretary of the Council of State Homero Acosta for approval on 21 July 2018 before being slated to a national referendum.[22][21] The National Assembly then approved the new Constitution on 22 July 2018,[23][24][25][26] a day ahead of schedule.[27] It was announced that a popular consultation which allows citizen input for potential amendments to the text of the proposed Constitution would start on August 13 and conclude on November 15.[26][27][25]
It was announced that 135,000 meetings would be held during the popular consultation.[28] Each of these will be run by 7,600 two-person teams who will receive specialized training.[28] Cuban exiles were invited to take part in the meetings.[29] Following consideration of amendments, a referendum was held to pass the Constitution on February 24, 2019[30], succeeding with 86.85% of the popular vote.[31] The popular consultation began as scheduled on August 13, 2018, in tandem with the 92nd birthday of the late Cuban President Fidel Castro.[32][33][34][35] The popular consultation concluded as scheduled on November 15, 2018.[36] On December 1, 2018, Granma Newspaper reported that the Cuban Parliament would be summoned to vote on proposed amendments to the new Constitution on December 21.[37]
The new Constitution was debated at the 8th Plenum of the Communist Party of Cuba's Central Committee which took place between 12 and 13 December 2018.[38] At the meeting, the amended draft of the proposed constitution was drawn up by a group commissioned by the National Assembly of People's Power.[38][39] However, details of what was amended will not be made public until it is approved by the National Assembly.[38] On December 18, 2018, it was revealed that one of the changes to the new constitution which would have paved the way for same-sex marriage was dropped.[40][41] On December 20, 2018, another change to the new Cuban Constitution was dropped and its language once again reinserts direction to building a communist society.[42] On December 21, 2018, the Cuba National Assembly approved the amended Constitution, thus completing the final step for a referendum.[43] On 24 February 2019, the new constitution was approved by 91% of voters, with a turnout of 84%.[44]
See also [ edit ]
Deck of the Week #4, Board Control Warlock
by Team [IHU] - 5 years ago
Every Friday legendary player [DKMR]Alchemixt breaks down Don't Kick My Robot's “Deck of the Week” . These decks are seeing a lot of play either in constructed ladder or tournaments. Team DKMR explain the deck lists and how to play them. Make sure you check out Don't Kick My Robot if you want to become a better player or check out their premium services if you would like them to do a 1 on 1 coaching session with you to help you better your game. View past Deck Lists of the Week.
Team DKMR: Twitter | Website | Forums
[DKMR]Alchemixt here from team Don't Kick My Robot to bring you this week's Deck of the Week. This one happens to be a personal favorite of mine as I used this particular deck to climb from rank 25 to legendary in under 10 hours last season. The deck that we will be discussing is an aggressive board control Warlock deck. Not only is this deck a great choice for tournament play and ranked play but, it is also very quick and you will be able to get in many more games than you usually would. Take a look at DKMR's take on the aggressive (tempo) Warlock
DKMR Warlock Deck List
Board Control
This is going to be one of the longer sections because it is also very likely that it is the most important. The main idea to understand when playing this type of Warlock deck is that even though you have the capability to win games very fast and potentially rush down your opponent, not every game should be played out like that.
The purpose of this deck is to constantly keep your opponents side of the board clear while adding to yours. When your opponent has nothing of value on his side of the board then that is ideally when you would start attacking him directly. Every game and every situation are different but generally you want to aim for board control as opposed to rushing down your opponent. Now on the other hand, if it's turn 5 and your hand consists of a Leeroy Jenkins and a Power Overwhelming, you probably want to shift gears towards ignoring most of what your opponent is doing.
Soulfire – This card ends games on the spot. Imagine your opponent passes turn 1 and you coin out two 1 cost creatures. Now your opponent plays a creature and next turn you play yet another creature and Soulfire their only minion. This is turn 2 and you have 3 creatures to their 0.
VoidWalker – This card will let your other more valuable creatures hide behind it in order to attack your opponent directly or trade more effectively.
Abusive Sergeant – This is the card that will let you make the most valuable trades with your opponent's creatures for board control. Ideally you would want this effect on an Argent Squire in order to trade off with a bigger creature and only lose the divine shield as a cost. This card can also be used to get through large taunts as well.
Argent Squire – Very cheap creature which is great to buff up. Cards like Defender of Argus and Dark Iron Dwarf are great to use in combination with the Argent Squire because of the divine shield.
Flame Imp – Taking 3 damage sucks but the body you get for 1 mana is a fantastic deal.
Knife Juggler – Synergizes well with the whole deck. Since you are playing so many low-cost creatures each turn you can really get good value from your jugglers.
Harvest Golem – Possibly one of the best neutral cards in the game. Although it is not flashy the fact that it is hard to kill and you can usually get a 2 for 1 out of it makes it a must-have in this type of deck.
Dark Iron Dwarf – This has all the same information that was applied to Abusive Sergeant. This just fills out the curve nicely and provides a larger body.
Argent Commander – We thought about placing this card in the burst damage section but usually what ends up happening is that you kill off 2 creatures for 1 card. Generally you kill a larger creature then they trade off a smaller one on their turn. Either way this card provides great board control while also having the ability to burst them down late game.
Burst Damage
Most aggressive decks have some form of burst damage. The difference between burst damage and constant damage is that burst damage is not usually predicted by your opponent or played around nearly as much. The ability to put out large amounts of damage instantly and out of nowhere is what allows for the board control style of play that we recommend with this deck.
The reason we are able to consistently keep board control and chip away at the opponents life is because we will still be able to finish the game even if we are not playing as aggressively throughout the whole game. So in an ideal world, you would be trading off your creatures all game while chipping off at your opponents life total here and there. You soften them up to 14 and then they start playing their late game powerful cards. At this point you can now play your Leeroy Jenkins and Power Overwhelming plus Soulfire to finish the game even though you opponent is just starting to take the control back.
Power Overwhelming – The part of this card that says your creature dies at the end of the turn is pretty much irrelevant. 1 mana for +4/+4 is huge! Usually this card with be used in combination with a charge creature to deal the killing blow. However, frequently, you may want to use this on something like a Harvest Golem or Bloodmage Thalnos in order to break through some large taunt creatures and get that card draw (from Thalnos).
Leeroy Jenkins – Probably the best finisher in the game and great when combined with Power Overwhelming, Defender of Argus, Abusive Sergeant, or Dark Iron Dwarf.
Arcane Golem – This basically fills the role of the second Leeroy Jenkins. Try and save this card for finishing the game because playing it early can put you at a huge disadvantage (giving your opponent an additional mana crystal).
Utility
These are cards that go along with the board control aspect but serve a slightly different purpose.
Mortal Coil – Great against other aggressive decks and seeing that is replaces itself as well as being super cheap makes this card fit nicely into the deck. Even the matchups where this card is weaker, there is usually a spot when you can make it work.
Young Priestess – One of our favorite openers is Young Priestess and then coin into a VoidWalker. The Young Priestess can potentially be game breaking when allow your creatures to survive through cards like Lightning Storm, Swipe, Holy Nova, and Consecration.
Dire Wolf Alpha – We almost put this guy into the board control section but he really only makes a huge impact once you have already established some board control because clearly you will want him to be buffing 2 creatures that are next to him. Keep in mind that you can attack with a creature buffed by the wolf then play a charge minion in the same place to also get a buff that turn. This essentially allows your Dire Wolf Alpha to buff 3 creatures in one turn as opposed to just 2.
Defender of Argus – We wish we had some some relevent information to put here but really he is just a spectacular card and fits perfectly into a deck that is spamming creatures onto the board all game.
Bloodmage Thalnos – This card may seem out of place to many of you and alot of people, we know usually remove it for something like a Doomguard. We like this card for the following reasons. He is a cheap creature that can be buffed and traded off nicely especially when combine with cards like Abusive Sergeant and even Power Overwhelming. The spellpower is actually quite relevant in this deck since we play both Mortal Coil and Soulfire. You will usually never be excited to have Bloodmage Thalnos in your opening hand but you will never mind having him also. Basically, he is a solid card that is never really bad in any situation.
Ironbeak Owl – This is our first reaction to the Tinkmaster Overspark change. Having a silence effect in any aggro deck can be nice especially for getting through taunt creatures. This could definitely be many other cards now that Tinkmaster Overspark has been nerfed but we think that the owl is a fine replacement for now.
Endurance
Life Tap. The Warlock's hero ability is arguably the best one in the game and certainly one the best for aggressive decks. The reason why this deck can even do what it does is because of Life Tap. Life Tap allows you to not worry about running out of cards which is the biggest reason why board control is so strong in this style of deck. By trading off your creatures with your opponents it may not seem like it is accomplishing much however, they will eventually run out of cards where you will always have a constant supply. Life Tap also give you the ability to last with late game control decks. The reason Shaman doesn't auto win with Lightning Storm or Warrior doesn't auto win with a Brawl is because it usually doesn't make a difference. Even if they kill off 4 creatures you will still be playing on average, 2 creatures a turn.
I hope you all enjoyed this weeks deck and please try it out on the ladder. Do not be discouraged right away if you lose because it is more difficult to play than most since there are so many decisions each turn.
Guide written by [DKMR]Alchemixt
Discussions about this topic brought to you by Team [DKMR]
Anti-Second Amendment crusader Senator Dianne Feinstein admitted on a Sunday spin show that no law could have stopped the maniac who massacred 58 people and injured almost 500 in Las Vegas last week.
“No, he passed background checks registering for handguns and other weapons on multiple occasions,” Feinstein told CBS's “Face the Nation.”
But there is one law he definitely broke, which is the law against murder. Criminals don't follow the law. Nevertheless, she persisted.
“Regulations aren't going to do it,” Feinstein said on the need for a law over an ATF rule. “We need a law. It can't be changed by another president.”
Feinstein is referring to the "bump stock," a firearm modification originally created to assist disabled shooters. Last week, the National Rifle Association suggested the ATF review its original finding that the device was a "firearm part" and not an actual modification to the firearm action. The bump stock was approved for sale by the Obama administration.
“I think you want to tell ATF to do its job. It's an interpretive issue and they need to get the job done,” the NRA's Wayne LaPierre said on “Face the Nation.”
“America is a gun-happy country. And I think there are many of us in growing numbers that don't want a gun-happy country,” said DiFi.
I think most people have recognized that the person responsible for the massacre was the maniac who executed it. We do not and should not make laws based eon particular situations. Most people had no idea what a bump stock was before this event and they've been around for years. What percentage of crimes are committed using bump stocks? With semi-automatic rifles?
Jazz Shaw wrote an informative piece at Hot Air a few years ago about these kinds of statistics. According to Shaw:
Of the actual 8,583 gun murders committed in 2011, 323 were committed with “rifles.” And that's all rifles, including bolt action, deer hunting rifles and all the rest. The number committed with so-called “assault rifles” were a fraction of that. When you ask how dangerous those rifles are, compare that to nearly 1,700 who were stabbed as well as nearly 500 murdered with blunt objects and and more than 700 beaten to death by somebody with their bare hands. Enough said on that topic.
Is this enough evidence to confiscate the 300 million+ firearms in America? Of course, we keep hearing that there needs to be "a conversation about sensible gun reform" from the court jesters on nightly comedy/news shows, rich former mayors, astroturfed "Moms" groups, Hollywood parrots, and Twitter-famous political celebrities, but that's exactly what they want. We never hear any specifics about their "solutions" and many of them were offering their "solution" of 140-character calls for gun bans before we even knew what the facts were surrounding the massacre.
Is There Such A Thing As A 'Good Psychopath'?
Oxymoronic, isn't it, the idea of a "good psychopath"?
But in their just published book, The Good Psychopath's Guide to Success, Andy McNab and Kevin Dutton argue that relying on some psychopathic traits can lead to a more successful life.
Andy is a British Special Air Service veteran and novelist; Kevin is an Oxford University psychologist. Kevin studies psychopaths. Andy says he is a psychopath.
Their checklist of psychopathic traits includes: charisma, charm, coolness under pressure, fearlessness, focus, impulsivity, lack of conscience, mental toughness, reduced empathy and ruthlessness.
"None of these characteristics are inherently bad in themselves," Kevin says. "When they become dysfunctional is when they are deployed inflexibly in the wrong contexts."
On the other hand, functional psychopaths — according to the book — are able to modulate their feelings to be more productive in business, in politics and in life.
The Path To Psychopathy
Don't we already have enough psychopaths in the world? we ask Kevin. By encouraging people to get in touch with their inner psychopath, aren't you removing guilt and shame and conscience from the equation? Won't that be deleterious to society?
"I'm not saying that psychopaths per se are good for society," Kevin says. "A pure psychopath is going to ruin his or her life and also the lives of those who they come into contact with."
But Kevin does believe that certain psychopathic characteristics, such as those listed above, "can — when dialed up at certain levels, in certain combinations and in certain contexts — predispose one to success."
No Such Thing
The whole idea of a "good psychopath" has succeeded in upsetting Lillian Glass, a behavioral analyst who has written or co-written a raft of books including Toxic People: 10 Ways of Dealing with People Who Make Your Life Miserable and A Guide to Identifying Terrorists Through Body Language.
"The words 'psychopath' and 'success' should never be in the same sentence," Lillian says. "Psychopaths are dangerous people, and to encourage someone to act like a psychopath is both irresponsible and dangerous."
She does not subscribe to the notion that we all have some psychopath within us. "You either are one or you are not one," she says. "And if you are a psychopath, you don't dial up the levels of the traits. ... It can't be done. Psychopaths don't pick and choose how ruthless or nonempathetic they will be. They are these traits, and it is not by degree."
Lillian says, "All of these characteristics are wrong when they hurt others. A lack of conscience is very wrong, and an absence of one can lead to committing criminal acts on others. Ruthlessness is not a good characteristic. It is a bad characteristic."
So, we ask Oxonian Kevin Dutton, can you point to a successful psychopath who has made positive contributions to the world?
"Psychopathy is on a spectrum," Kevin says. "It is neither all nor nothing. Nor should 'successful psychopathy' be removed from context. But someone who was pretty high on the psychopathic spectrum was Winston Churchill."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Protojournalist: Experimental storytelling for the LURVers — Listeners, Users, Readers, Viewers — of NPR. @NPRtpj
All sorts of startling conclusions are being drawn about the failure of California's ballot funding initiatives last week. Newt Gingrich hailed it as another Boston Tea Party, and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman insisted that it condemns California, one of the world's largest economies, to banana republic status. But if it was such a big deal, how come the voter turnout was so low?
Maybe because the statewide ballot initiatives were a bit of a political practical joke played by a Republican governor and leading Democrats pretending to be dealing on a statewide basis with the consequences of a national economic crisis that can be solved only through massive federal intervention. There is no way that the people of any state will vote to increase their taxes in the midst of a deep recession, and certainly not when the funding demands seem to have little to do with solving the problem at hand. As a subheading in the ever-sober Economist magazine put it, “Voters reject a ballot they could not comprehend.”
I tried, and after reading the opposing argument in the literature supplied at my nearly empty polling station I voted for the ballot propositions that our governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, had requested. I assumed that this would help our vastly underfunded inner-city schools. Later, my son Chris, who teaches in one of those schools, told me that I might have been wrong and that the convoluted paragraphs of the all too typically obtuse California propositions could not improve matters much at all.
So, filled with doubt and guilt, I took solace in the fact that in terms of the money involved it wasn't that big a deal, and that surely the feds, to whom we Californians send more in revenue than any other state, would bail us out as they have the banks. Heck, the entire projected California budget shortfall comes to only $21 billion, a tiny fraction of the banking bailout. Yes, only — what is $21 billion in federal loan guarantees for California to skirt bankruptcy compared with the $45 billion given to Citigroup, along with $300 billion more in guarantees for that company's toxic paper? Or how about the $185 billion doled out to AIG? If Citigroup is too big to fail, isn't the state of California? Does anyone seriously believe that the national economy can snap back to health if California is in the dump?
The cause of California's, and almost every other state's, predicament is an economy ruined by deregulation policies that were secured by the lobbying efforts of Wall Street, led most prominently by Citigroup. So, I expected a federal government that has spent trillions salvaging the banks that got us into this mess to find the relatively minor sums needed to bail out California and other states that have been the victims of Wall Street's dangerous games.
But I didn't count on the tough-love steeliness of President Obama's senior adviser David Axelrod, who told Californians that “there's a limit to what the government can do” when it comes to bailing out our state (as opposed to the banks). Or of White House press secretary Robert Gibbs: “Obviously, the state has to make some very tough fiscal decisions … [given] the budgetary constraints that they have.”
Tough for whom? Not the politicians of either party. The results of such decisions are tough for the poor of America, two-thirds of whom are kids, left to the tender mercy of the states, thanks to the sweeping “welfare reform” and other programs put into place by the Clinton White House in one of that Democratic administration's signature triangulation ploys.
The Los Angeles Times summarized the direction of those difficult choices in a story headlined “Poor would be hard hit by proposed California budget cuts,” which stated that Schwarzenegger “is considering a plan to slash California's safety net for the poor by eliminating the state's main welfare program, health insurance for low-income families and cash grants to college students.”
Bail out the banks, but not the 500,000 poor families with children served by the CalWorks program, which will be dismantled, or the 928,000 children covered by the Healthy Families program, slated for oblivion.
At a time when the feds are spending with such abandon in an effort to stimulate the economy, why is it tolerable to leave states in a position where they are forced to fire teachers? As the Los Angeles Times reported: “Schwarzenegger has proposed slashing state spending on education by $3 billion to help close the budget gap, and the state would pay dearly for canceling classes, firing instructors, cutting class days and shortening the school year, experts said.” How can there be federal funds readily available for banker bonuses but not to keep teachers in the classroom with their students? It must have been the kids who caused the meltdown.
The NCAA overhaul of its body of rules may call for the suspension of a head coach whose assistants commit violations, as well as a fine for a university up to five percent of its annual athletic budget, according to proposals discussed Monday at the Atlantic Coast Conference spring meetings.
An NCAA special committee, led by Clemson president James F. Barker, is attempting to streamline rules enforcement to provide "stronger, more predictable penalties" and greater accountability for university officials, from presidents to athletic directors to head coaches. The committee issued an interim report last month and is circulating some proposals among the membership for discussion.
The proposed changes include multiple levels of violations, rather than just the "major" and "secondary" levels now in force. This would allow the NCAA to be more nimble in how it adjudicates lesser violations.
(Adds detail, edits)
By Maria Golovnina
TRIPOLI, Feb 25 (Reuters) - A son of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi tried on Friday to minimise the extent of fighting with rebels who have seized much of the country, and said he expected negotiated ceasefires in two flashpoint cities within a day.
Speaking in English to foreign journalists flown to Tripoli under official escort, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi said rebels who surrendered would not be harmed and that Libya needed reforms.
His account of the state of the country, however, seemed at odds with the control exercised for the past few days in much of the east by groups intent on ending Gaddafi's 41-year rule and with reports from residents in and around the capital itself.
The London-educated younger Gaddafi said there was no violence outside two western cities and branded as “lies” media reports that troops bombed civilians or were using mercenaries.
“We are laughing at these reports,” he said, speaking amiably but with passion, dressed in a sweater and jeans and plainly at ease in a luxury hotel.
“Apart from Misrata and Zawiya, everything is calm ... Negotiations are going on and we are optimistic,” the 38-year-old Gaddafi said, while acknowledging trouble in the east. “Peace is coming back to our country,” he said.
“In Misrata, in Zawiya, we have a problem. We are dealing with terrorists. But hopefully they are running out of ammunition. Hopefully there will be no more bloodshed. By tomorrow we will solve this. The army decided not to attack the terrorists, and to give a chance to negotiation. Hopefully we will do it peacefully and will do so by tomorrow.”
Since revolt broke out last week following the toppling of veteran strongmen in neighbouring Egypt and Tunisia, the east of the country has slipped from the control of Gaddafi's forces and residents have reported fighting ever closer to Tripoli.
“DESPERATE”
Residents of Misrata, Libya's third largest city, and Zawiya in the west, have said opposition fighters have taken control and have beaten back counter-attacks by the army.
As journalists from Reuters and other news organisations were driven by Libyan officials from Tripoli airport into the city late on Friday, the streets of the capital seemed unusually empty for what is normally a busy part of the weekend.
Earlier in the day, residents spoke of fighting and of some areas appearing to be in the control of Gaddafi's opponents.
In a characteristic show of defiance, the 68-year-old Gaddafi appeared before thousands of supporters in the central Green Square to vow he would “crush any enemy”.
His son said opposition leaders were in a weak position: “The top people in these groups are desperate. We are telling them — lay down your arms and we will not harm you.”
Earlier, Turkish television aired comments Saif al-Islam made on Thursday, including the defiant statement: “We have plans A, B and C. Plan A is to live and die in Libya. Plan B is to live and die in Libya. Plan C is to live and die in Libya.”
On Friday, the younger Gaddafi, who was seen as a potential reformer before the revolt struck this month, told the news conference: “We believe we do need to reform our country. We need to introduce many reforms.
“We are strong. We are united, all fighting for our country. We are all united against dark forces,” he said. “There is a big conspiracy against our country. There are countries behind this campaign. This is what's happening in the east. They want to introduce an Afghan model to Libya ... It's not a secret. Al Qaeda issued a statement supporting these groups.
“It was a mistake not to allow foreign journalists to visit,” he said. “That gave a chance to hostile TV channels to say whatever they liked. We were the victim of the media.
“They want to show Libya is burning, that there is a big revolution there. You are wrong. We are united.”
At several points, his remarks were interrupted by applause from journalists working for Libyan state controlled media. (Writing by Alastair Macdonald, editing by Alison Williams)
Spa 2000, the scene of one of the greatest F1 overtakes of all-time. Ferrari's Michael Schumacher was still comfortably in front, but an obviously faster Mika Häkkinen was closing in on him. The track was bone dry and Häkkinen was on a charge. Schumacher had set up his Ferrari for wet conditions due to the morning weather, meaning he had a fairly high downforce setting. He was particularly slow down the straights (notably through Eau Rouge, through Raidillon and up the Kemmel Straight approaching Les Combes). Meanwhile, Häkkinen had a more dry-weather based set-up in anticipation of a primarily dry race. This would prove crucial in the outcome of the battle.
In the final stages of the race, Häkkinen was using his straight-line speed advantage to good effect as he aimed a move up the inside of Schumacher, up the Kemmel Straight approaching Les Combes. In a typically robust fashion, Schumacher was going to have none of this and almost forced Häkkinen onto the grass at over 200 miles an hour. The Finn was unimpressed with that manoeuvre. He would not have to wait long for payback though, in fact it would be the very next lap at the same spot, as he and Schumacher were about to lap Ricardo Zonta, Schumacher went around the BAR driver to the left but Häkkinen went around Zonta's right and outbraked Schumacher into Les Combes. Michael Schumacher put in a good drive but in the end, he could not contain a simply faster Häkkinen.
Hakkinen would go on the win the race ahead of Michael Schumacher and Ralf Schumacher. Meanwhile, 12th placed Zonta probably pulled out a tub of popcorn when the 2 leaders swept past him. With that win, the Flying Finn extended his lead to 6 points from Schumacher. However, all that effort would go in vain in the end as Schumacher sealed the title.
Oil supermajors ExxonMobil, Shell, Total, and BP are backing a proposal for taxing carbon emissions created by veteran Republican politicians who have been seeking to raise support for their initiative.
The oil giants, as well as GM, P&G, Johnson&Johnson, and Michael Bloomberg and Stephen Hawking, among others, are the founding members of what is known as the Climate Leadership Council, which ran a full-page ad in The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday, proposing a “consensus climate solution that bridges partisan divides, strengthens our economy and protects our shared environment.”
“This plan would achieve significantly greater emissions reductions than all current and prior climate regulations, while helping America's businesses and workers get ahead,” the ad reads.
In February this year, senior Republican officials launched the Climate Leadership Council and discussed with White House officials the idea to introduce a national carbon tax, rather than using federal regulations, to address climate change.
According to The Washington Post, back in February many congressional Republicans were fiercely opposing any tax increase, while President Trump has repeatedly said that fossil fuels production is more important than cutting carbon emissions.
According to CNN, the carbon tax plan has found some support after President Trump said that he would pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord—a move that would isolate the U.S. from global efforts to cut emissions.
Related: Oil Markets Unmoved By Brewing Conflict In The Middle East
The carbon dividend plan by the Climate Leadership Council rests on four pillars. The first is a gradually rising carbon tax that could begin at US$40 a ton and increase steadily over time. The second point—likely the selling point in the mind of the public—is that all proceeds from the carbon tax will be returned to the American people on an equal and monthly basis via dividend checks, direct deposits, or contributions to their individual retirement accounts. The third pillar is border carbon adjustments, where “border adjustments for the carbon content of both imports and exports would protect American competitiveness and punish free-riding by other nations, encouraging them to adopt carbon pricing of their own.” The fourth pillar calls for a significant regulatory rollback, with “the elimination of regulations that are no longer necessary upon the enactment of a rising carbon tax whose longevity is secured by the popularity of dividends.”
Gregor Irwin, chief economist at strategic advisory firm Global Counsel, told CNN that the proposals are complicated and implementation could get messy. But before any implementation, the proposal needs political support, as well as federal legislation that could take years to enact the plan, or even a part of it.
“It may take another presidential election for this to be fully enacted,” Ted Halstead, founder, president & CEO of the Climate Leadership Council, told CNN.
By Tsvetana Paraskova for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
WOW!!! someone else found this site too......Seeing how i could pay with my credit card I went ahead and took the gamble and ordered some shoes. I ordered bred 1s and some Glow Futures......Now I know what unauthorized shoes are, and dont need any lectures about being fake....I am way over the trying to cop shoes that are impossible to get for retail and are way overpriced on the re-sell market. I'll start off with the customer service. I placed my order and within about an hour had an email back saying that they had received my order and that they would begin to process it. About another 2 days later they emailed me with a tracking number and the wait began......So i got my shoes, they came double boxed from China through EMS. I opened the box to find 2 bubble wrapped boxes. Each box looked identical to the retail boxes for each shoe. I opened the futures first........and OMG they look amazing Im not the best with posting pics but if i can figure out how to do it i'll share some pictures with you guys. The 3M was on point on the upper, they glowed and had legit carbon fiber.....theres no way someone could tell these to be any different at all than the retail pair and i paid around 190 shipped for them. I then opened the bred 1s. Now i have seen multiple reivews of unauthorized bred 1s so i had a pretty good idea what i was going to get. I got just that. They are realy really on point and unless you get eye level and are a shoe freak, you would never be able to tell they were not legit, the leather quality was perfect and there were no noticeable flaws....I talked back and forthe with the operator of the site throughout the order and he is based in the US and has friends in China associated with Unauthorized shoes. This is the real deal you guys...i know alot of you all swear against anything not retail but the shoes I got were far far better than what i know as a replica shoe........I will most def order from these guys again...i kinda feel like they are my lil hidden secret of the internet...it really surprised me when i saw someone else had posted about them.
Click to expand...
Problem Loans in the Caribbean: Determinants, Impact and Strategies for Resolution
Author/Editor:
Kimberly Beaton ; Thomas Dowling ; Dmitriy Kovtun ; Franz Loyola ; Alla Myrvoda ; Joel Chiedu Okwuokei ; Inci Ötker ; Jarkko Turunen
Publication Date:
November 7, 2017
Electronic Access:
Free Full Text. Use the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this PDF file
Disclaimer: IMF Working Papers describe research in progress by the author(s) and are published to elicit comments and to encourage debate. The views expressed in IMF Working Papers are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent the views of the IMF, its Executive Board, or IMF management.
Summary:
The high level of nonperforming loans (NPLs) in the Caribbean has been, in large part, a legacy of the global financial crisis, but their persistence owes much to the weak economic recovery in the region, as well as to structural obstacles to their resolution. A comprehensive strategy is needed to address these impediments to sever the adverse feedback loops between weak economic activity and weak asset quality. This paper finds that NPLs are a drag on Caribbean growth and macro-financial links are strong: a deterioration in asset quality hinders bank lending and dampens economic activity, undermining, in turn, efforts to resolve problem loans. A multifaceted approach is needed, involving a combination of macro- economic policies to support growth and employment; strong supervisory frameworks to ensure macro-financial stability and create incentives for resolution; efforts to address informational gaps and deficiencies in insolvency and debt-enforcement frameworks; and development of markets for distressed loans. The institutional capacity constraints require coordination of reforms within the region and support from international organizations through capacity-building.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A gauge of global equity markets was slightly higher after touching its highest level in over a year on Wednesday and U.S. Treasury yields fell for a second session as expectations for a rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve remained subdued.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., August 31, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
According to the Fed's Beige Book report of anecdotal information collected from business contacts, the U.S. economy expanded at a modest pace in July and August. But there was little sign that wage pressures are being felt beyond highly-skilled jobs, which the Fed is looking for to push inflation higher.
But comments from Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker and Kansas City Federal Reserve President Esther George on Wednesday hinted that the possibility of a rate hike in September remained on the table.
The probability for a September rate hike inched up to 18 percent in the wake of the comments, from 15 percent in the prior session, according to CME's FedWatch tool, while expectations for a hike in December nudged closer to 50 percent.
A weaker-than-expected August employment report on Friday and Tuesday's soft data on the services sector have crimped expectations the Fed will boost interest rates when it meets next week and for the rest of the year.
“We've had very quiet market activity for a couple of months ... And a lot of uncertainty on policy,” said Tim Courtney, chief investment officer at Exencial Wealth Advisors.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 24.24 points, or 0.13 percent, to 18,513.88, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 2.15 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,184.33 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 4.55 points, or 0.09 percent, to 5,271.35.
U.S. stocks were led lower by the consumer staples sector .SPLRCS, off 0.9 percent. General Mills (GIS.N) shares lost 4 percent to $68.04 after the company said its first-quarter organic net sales will be below its full-year guidance range.
European shares reversed early losses, with the FTSEurofirst 300 .FTEU3 closing up 0.3 percent. MSCI's all-country world index .MWD00000PUS edged up 0.06 percent after touching an intraday high of 424.71, its highest level since August 11.
Oil prices turned positive in volatile session, as the market weighs the prospect of higher supplies against the possibility that the world's top producers could agree on a production freeze. Brent futures LCOc1 climbed 1.5 percent at $47.95 and U.S. crude advanced 1.4 percent at $45.46 a barrel.
Falling expectations for a rate hike sent U.S. Treasury yields lower, with benchmark 10-year Treasury notes US10YT=RR were up 2/32 in price to yield 1.5357 percent, from 1.543 percent on Tuesday. Yields fell as low as 1.519 percent, a three-week trough.
The dollar was last down 0.2 percent at 101.75 yen JPY=, having fallen as low as 101.18, its weakest since Aug. 26, after a report from the Sankei newspaper that Bank of Japan policymakers are divided ahead of the central bank's next meeting.
But the dollar index .DXY, which measures the greenback against a basket of major currencies, edged up 0.16 percent to 94.986 after a drop of more than 1 percent on Tuesday.
This article is over 1 year old
Chelsea Clinton is joining the board of directors of online travel booking site Expedia, according to documents filed with federal authorities this week.
Hillary Clinton 'ready to come out of the woods' and rejoin public life Read more
Documents filed with securities regulators say the daughter of Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state and former Democratic presidential candidate, has joined its 14-member board. The company is controlled by Barry Diller, the businessman who made billions as a television executive. Chelsea Clinton is also a director of another company that Diller controls, IAC/InterActiveCorp.
Expedia did not disclose how much Clinton would be paid, but non-employee directors each earned more than $250,000 in 2015, according to the most recent regulatory filings.
Filings for IAC say Chelsea Clinton is entitled to receive $300,000 in a mix of stock and cash each year for serving as a director.
The Expedia filing on Friday came a day after publishers Penguin Young Readers announced it will publish a children's book by Chelsea Clinton on 30 May. The book is called She Persisted.
In the book, Penguin Young Readers said, Clinton will honor 13 American women “who never take no for an answer”, including Harriet Tubman, Sonia Sotomayor and Oprah Winfrey.
The use of open source libraries and 3rd party components in assembling software has increased considerably. These days, a typical web application may have over 90% of its functionality implemented using open source components, while the custom business logic may be less than 10%. This means that most of the attack surface of an application consists of open source components. Some of the risks associated with usage of open source components like known vulnerabilities and licenses are well understood but I have noticed that many developers still fail to appreciate the scale of the problem. In this article, I will summarize some of the work we did at SourceClear in the past year to improve the state of the art in open source component security.
New vulnerability types
I am sure you are familiar with the OWASP Top Ten list of vulnerabilities which includes A9-Using Components with Known Vulnerabilities. Thus, you should always be careful of known vulnerabilities while using open source components. However, it is extremely difficult to keep yourself up to date and track new issues in libraries. The public databases like NVD/CVE are inadequate as they only have a very small percentage of total vulnerabilities. The SourceClear Registry is the only complete and accurate database of vulnerabilities in open source libraries. In addition to the public known vulnerabilities, we include information about the following new vulnerabilities types that are specific to open source components.
Patching components
Identifying a vulnerable component is just the beginning of managing your overall open source risk. You need to clearly understand what your options are once you know that your application is using vulnerable dependencies. When it comes to patching vulnerable open source components you can use the following to help you decide:
Vulnerable Methods: Just because you are using a vulnerable library, it does not mean that your application can be exploited using that vulnerability. Vulnerable methods are a way of providing more detailed information about the vulnerability using static analysis. We can tell you if you are calling the vulnerable methods of the open source component to validate that you are exposed to the vulnerability. As it turns out, 9 out of 10 times a vulnerable open source component is used in an application, it is not directly exploitable.
Safe Versions: The usual remediation for component vulnerabilities is to upgrade to the fixed version of the component. But if that version is itself vulnerable then you just keep on going down the rabbit hole without making any progress to reduce the risk. Instead, it is much better to think of safe and unsafe versions of the open source component that can be used to patch your application based on the particular version that is already in use. E.g. the following table illustrates how a given library may have several safe versions across different ranges (v5-v6, v11-v12, v20-v22 and v27-v29).
Beware of library-based malware
Vulnerabilities are one of the most important risks associated with open source components, but they are not the only one. Another issue which is likely to become more prevalent in the coming year is the rise of library-based malware. We have built proof of concepts for the following kinds of attacks based on open source components:
Ransomware: The total amount paid by businesses to ransomware crossed over 1 Billion USD this year. We have already seen attackers use novel attack vectors like IoT devices and social media to spread ransomware. Open source components present another potential vector for attackers to use against developers and infect business or enterprise applications.
Backdoors: Most open source components are installed during the build process by the dependency managers. As all build systems allow command execution, it is very easy for attackers to build backdoors in open source components that are installed when the application is built.
Earlier in the year, we open sourced build inspector, a forensic sandbox for continuous integration environments. It allows you to inspect the network, file system and process changes during the build to detect potential malware activities.
I hope I was able to highlight some of the subtleties in managing open source risk based on my experience of research we have done at SourceClear. Now that you have a better understanding of the problem, what do you think about it? How do you manage and secure open source components in your own application? Do let me know in the comments below. Until next time, keep calm and code on!
Rush have issued two tracks, Caravan and BU2B, from their upcoming album, Clockwork Angels, on iTunes. And if this pair of aces is any indication of what we can expect from the Nick Raskulinecz-produced disc (recorded in Nashville, no less!), it's going to be one of their strongest efforts in years.
Drummer Neil Peart, describing these recordings on his website, NeilPeart.net, said, "We had never done anything like that before - write, arrange, record and release just two songs, instead of a whole album - then go out on tour and play them, along with what we thought was an inventive selection of our older songs. But the real-time time machine - life - has brought many changes to what used to be called the 'music business,' and we thought, 'Why not?'"
Peart added that "the two songs we recorded that day in Nashville are detached from the past, rooted in the present, and pointed toward the future. Because they are the first two parts of what we envision as an extended album-length story, they truly are a work in progress, and thus a glimpse of our own future."
OK, so what's our verdict? Here we go:
Caravan
The song begins with the sound a train signal and rather ominous orchestration, and then bang! - explodes into a tough, feisty rocker driven by an instantly memorable, gritty guitar riff by Alex Lifeson.
At first Geddy Lee hardly sounds like himself. His vocal register is deepening with age - and no, that's not a negative. While he may be backing off from his signature siren-wail, he retains every ounce of force. In fact, at this point in his career, he's becoming a far more captivating and intriguing singer than ever, full of nuance and depth and able to play with phrases in ways that he hasn't in years past.
An unruly guitar solo in the middle section segues from a rousing power chord pattern into blazing trills. Underneath, Lee applies fleet-fingered basslines. But what's this? Suddenly, Lifeson fires off runs that are by turns gnarly and spacey. Meanwhile, Peart lets loose behind his kit. It's like Rush in a Cuisinart - which results in a delicious mix.
BU2B
A turgid, vaguely Metallica-ish riff kicks off this badass grinder over which Lee sings, "I was brought up to believe the universe has a plan/ we are only human, it's not ours to understand." But in typical Rush fashion, the song isn't static, and in no time at all it zips into a brisk tempo. Lee's bubbling bass progression suits the mood to a T.
Another mean as all get-out verse follows, and then we're tossed into a bridge of wonderfully atmospheric keyboards and guitars. Lifeson uncorks a brief zinger of a solo - piercing, sustained notes that recall the beginning of his classic Tom Sawyer star-turn (let's hope it's longer on the album version, as this is described as a 'single'). The band hammers the final chorus home in dizzying form.
With just these two tracks, Rush prove themselves to be that rarest of bands, one that continues to change elements of their sound rather than chase a proven formula. Bring on the full album! You can download both Caravan and BU2B on iTunes.
Seattle Seahawks rookie defensive lineman Cassius Marsh injured his knee after a collision in the final practice of training camp on Wednesday, according to multiple reports.
Gregg Bell of the The News Tribune recapped the injury:
Marsh got tangled with Lemuel Jeanpierre, who was playing guard today, and defensive lineman D'Anthony Smith at the end of the final play of a running-game portion of the helmets-and-no-shoulder-pads practice. All three went down in a heap, with Marsh staying down. After a minute of sitting up he went onto his back with his gloved hands over the top of his helmet in apparent frustration. Marsh then got up and walked off the field under his own power into the locker room. He did not return to the field for any of the final hour or so of practice.
Marsh left the field about halfway through the nearly two-hour practice and returned wearing street clothes. He will have an MRI to determine the severity of the injury, according to reports.
The fourth-round pick out of UCLA has been one of the most impressive rookies in training camp, and racked up a sack and tackle for loss in the Hawks' preseason opener last week at Denver.
Visit seattlepi.com for more Seattle Seahawks news. Contact sports reporter Stephen Cohen at stephencohen@seattlepi.com or @scohenPI.
The Highball is our flagship carbon hardtail race thoroughbred, and a dark horse in XC versatility.
On paper it's a whip-cracking alternative to the Blur; the racer's hardtail for high intensity assaults. But settle down for a long haul and it's immediately clear the Highball is at home in a range of cross-country environments—from XC sprints to 24-hour sufferfests.
The low-angle seat stays join the seat tube below the top tube junction. This new placement works in tandem with a bridgeless seat stay design to curb trail chatter. Built around a 27.2mm-diameter seat post, the whole package combines to take the “hard” out of hardtail riding.
The composite development team behind our MacAskill-proof carbon Reserve wheels were the same folks responsible for the Highball's superior ride feel. Meticulous application of carbon in only the most needed areas allows us to tune a really light frame that retains bags of torsional stiffness for the high-torque pedalers and strength for those braving the sketchy lines. This is what compliance without compromise looks like.
The all new Highball is a half-pound lighter than before, yet manages to maintain all the rider favorites of threaded BB reliability, internally routed cables, and 3 water bottle mounts. All backed up with a genuine lifetime frame and carbon wheel warranty. Complemented by a multitude of build options to suit your aspiration level, the Highball's got everything you need to go forth and conquer.
Anderson Comedy Present: Jared Logan & Kara Klenk at Great Scott in Allston Saturday, 10/24/15
Jared appeared in his own half hour stand-up special on Comedy Central You can see him every week as a cast member on VH1's Best Week Ever. He's been featured on TBS's The Pete Holmes Show and Comedy Central's The Meltdown. He was a delegate for Comedy Central's Indecision 2012. Check out his web series Don't You Think on YouTube. Jared lives in New York but is originally from West Virginia. He belongs to one of the few mountain clans who did not handle snakes or make moonshine.
Kara is a stand up comic, writer, improviser and actor based in New York City. Recently named by Time Out New York as one of the Top 10 Funniest Women in NYC, Kara has appeared on Comedy Central, TruTV, Oxygen, SpikeTV, Nickelodeon, Hallmark Channel, Food Network, TVGuide Network, Current TV, Biography, HLN, Comedy Central's Atom.com, CollegeHumor.com, AdultSwim.com, and MTV.com.
featuring: Jared Logan
Kara Klenk
Hosted by Rob Crean
Great Scott (http://www.greatscottboston.com/) is located at 1222 Commonwealth Ave, Allston, Massachusetts 02134
7:00pm, $5
Click here to purchase tickets: http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/01004F4CF65F688F
Click here for more info: http://www.facebook.com/events/443144412538083/
Daniel Carlson's historic achievement against Ole Miss earned him further accolades from the SEC.
Auburn's kicker was named SEC special teams player of the week on Monday after he became the conference's all-time leader in scoring with 413 points after posting 14 points in the 44-23 win over Ole Miss.
Carlson, who kicked three field goals and five PATs against the Rebels, passed former Georgia kickers Marshall Morgan (407), Billy Bennett (409) and Blair Walsh (412) to set the new record.
Auburn's Kerryon Johnson named SEC offensive player of the week Kerryon Johnson rushed for a career-high 204 yards and three touchdowns against Ole Miss.
Auburn (5-1, 3-0 SEC) travels to LSU (4-2, 1-1 SEC) at 2:30 p.m. Saturday on CBS.
James Crepea is an Auburn beat reporter for Alabama Media Group. Follow him on Twitter @JamesCrepea.
Hundreds of protesters took to the streets and clashed with police in Istanbul and Ankara to denounce voice recordings suggesting that Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan warned his son to hide large sums of money from the police.
Police fired tear gas and rubber-coated steel bullets to disperse the anti-corruption demonstrators during a protest in Kadikoy Square in the commercial hub Istanbul, an opposition stronghold, Dogan news agency and other media reported on Wednesday.
The recordings were purportedly of Erdoğan and his son Bilal discussing how to reduce the funds to "zero" by distributing them among several businessmen, before police raids in a corruption inquiry that reached into government.
At one point, the voice supposedly of Bilal says some $40 million remain to be disposed of. The names of two businessmen were also mentioned.
Erdoğan's office said late on Monday that the voice recordings were fake and "completely untrue," Reuters news agency reported. Al Jazeera could not verify the authenticity of the audio recording.
However, on Tuesday, the Republican People's Party, Turkey's main opposition, claimed to have verified of the recordings through "three or four channels". It also called on Erdoğan to resign or leave the country.
Investigation
Ankara's chief prosecutor launched an investigation into the leaked recordings. It is not clear if the probe, intitiated on Tuesday, was to determine authenticity or whether a possible criminal act had been committed by Erdoğan.
The leaked phone conversations, which appeared two days after Erdoğan's AK Party officially began campaigning for local elections at the end of March, may be the latest purported revelation in a fraud scandal Erdoğan has cast as orchestrated to unseat him.
The corruption scandal, which erupted on December 17 with the detention of businessmen close to Erdoğan and the sons of three ministers, has spiralled into one of the biggest challenges of his 11-year rule.
Social media and video-sharing sites have been awash with leaked recordings presented as evidence of wrongdoing. As with the latest recordings, Reuters has been unable to verify their authenticity.
Erdoğan's supporters say the corruption investigation was contrived by a US-based Muslim leader with influence in the police and judiciary in a bid to unseat him ahead of elections this year. The leader, Fethullah Gulen, has denied involvement.
The government has responded by dismissing or reassigning thousands of police officers, tightening its control over the appointment of judges and prosecutors, and pushing through a new law that allows the authorities to block access to websites within hours without a prior court order.
A post-Super Tuesday guide to how the remaining US primaries will be won
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Once the results of a state's primary election are known, parties allocate delegates to a national convention for each presidential candidate based on their share of the vote. A candidate with more than 50% of delegates overall (1,237 for Republicans or about 2,383 for Democrats) officially wins the party's presidential nomination. Therefore, the race is decided by the number of allotted convention delegates, not by the number of votes in each state election. Exactly how delegates are distributed can differ widely from state to state, however. Nearly all primaries so far have allocated proportionally, but the remaining states use a range of different systems.
REPUBLICANS
The Republican candidates must navigate a complicated field of variously structured primary contests if they hope to capture the nomination.
The three most decisive types of contest that states use to determine who (if anyone) gets to the winning 1,237 delegates are:
METHOD 1. Seventeen states award 519 delegates to the statewide winner. The most important of these are Florida (99 delegates available) and Ohio (66), the home states of Senator Marco Rubio and Governor John Kasich, respectively, both of which vote on March 15th.
METHOD 2. Six states award a set of delegates to the winner of each of their congressional districts (287 in total), in addition to any delegates they award the statewide winner. Most notable among these states is California (among the last states to vote).
METHOD 3. Eight states award 225 delegates to statewide majority winners (i.e. a candidate who wins 50% or more of the vote); if no candidate wins 50%, they allocate delegates proportionally. Three states allocate 123 delegates to candidates who win a majority in congressional districts.
Other states
Thirteen states use other methods to allocate delegates—mostly either a proportional system (like New Mexico) or a convention (like Colorado). Proportional systems tend to give only small margins to their winners, while the few convention states are small and hard to predict. A few states elect their delegates directly. A handful also send delegates to the convention “unpledged”, meaning they are not required to support a given candidate. In the event that one candidate narrowly misses a majority, expect these delegates to come under heavy pressure.
DEMOCRATS
The race for the Democratic nomination is more straightforward: all states allocate pledged delegates proportionally, about two thirds in districts and the rest statewide; as a result, it can take a while for the race to conclusively resolve (as in 2008). Unlike the Republicans, Democrats have a large pool of “superdelegates”—mostly senior party officials and members of Congress—who aren't determined by the primary process and may support any candidate.
*Congressional districts are electoral constituencies that elect a single representative to Congress. They are apportioned to states by population. All states have at least one; California has the most (53).
Sources: The Green Papers; The Economist
The top five finishers in the Paris-Roubaix cycling race Sunday in France came from five different countries.
That could happen this weekend in the Tour of the Battenkill. The 11th edition of the race, modeled after European classic-style races, had 2,500 registrants from 45 states and 10 countries at last count, according to race organizer Dieter Drake.
“A large portion of racers come from down near metro New York, New Jersey,” Drake said. “Philadelphia is a strong area for us. Boston, a lot of Canadians from Montreal and Toronto, They're coming from all over, but the concentration is from metro New York.
“My wife does the registration, and she saw someone registered from France yesterday. It's very cool.”
Tour of the Battenkill What: Cycling. PRO/AM: Elite Women, 68 miles; Elite Men, 105 miles. Various other categories and age groups, covering 68 miles, with junior categories covering shorter courses. Open Race Gran Fondo: 68 miles or 23 miles. Where: Starting and finishing at Washington County Fairgrounds, course winding through Battenkill Valley. When: Saturday and Sunday. Registration: On site today, Saturday and Sunday until 30 minutes before start of each race or online at www.tourofthebattenkill.com.
The marquee events will be the Elite Women's and Elite Men's races on Saturday and Sunday, respectively. There will be more than 40 races for different age groups, all starting and finishing at the Washington County Fairgrounds, as well as a 5K race for runners. Riders can register at www.tourofthebattenkill.com, or on site today, Saturday or Sunday until 30 minutes before the race they want to enter. Space is limited.
The Elite Women's race covers a scenic 68-mile course through the Battenkill Valley in southern Washington County. The Elite Men cover the same course, then add a couple interior loops to push the distance to 105 miles.
Not everyone finishes, but the promise of such a challenge is part of the draw for the event. Drake said cyclists familiar with the European classics in the spring are drawn to the Tour of the Battenkill for the variety of terrain. The 68-mile course features 12 miles of dirt roads.
“They go through towns, through covered bridges, over cobblestone roads,” he said of the classics. “I said, ‘OK, we'll try that.' We don't have any cobblestone roads, but we certainly have a lot of dirt roads. We try to match that as much as possible, and I think that's why it's popular.”
The course also boasts an elevation gain of 4,029 feet and a maximum grade of 16 or 17 percent on Juniper Swamp Road in Salem.
As with any far-ranging race, Drake has to deal with residents unhappy about the effect on local traffic. He has changed the course a bit each year to try to not wear out the race's welcome, and he places the more-than-400 volunteers near their own neighborhoods, so if drivers are being stopped for a couple minutes while riders zip through, they're being stopped by their neighbors.
There will be 40 to 50 members of local law enforcement agencies directing traffic at intersections, which boosts the cost to run the event a bit, but makes it safer. Despite the cost, Drake said the money coming into the region makes it worth the expense.
“We track how many people are staying overnight, where they're coming from, how much it costs to drive here, rent a hotel room and buy food,” Drake said. “At that point, it's pretty close to $2 million to $3 million coming into the upstate economy. It doesn't rival Saratoga Race Course, obviously, in August, but that's not a bad weekend.”
The story of this week has to be the ejections. After last week had no ejections, the umps warmed up their tossin' arms and 6 were ejected this week. The Padres had two of their own rung up this week, which is the weekly high for a team (unsurprisingly). The Padres helped even the score between the AL and NL at 5 total ejections on the year.
Meanwhile, some interesting time of game stats. The Twins took on the Nationals on Sunday night for a mere five hours and twenty five minutes to play 16 innings, the longest game of the year so far. The box score itself is fascinating, in particular the Nationals part. Harper with the pinch hit HR in the 9th, Joe Ross, a pitcher, pinch hitting for Papelbon and getting a hit, only to be replaced at the top of the next inning by another pitcher.
Even with a 5:25 long game, the Twins did not lead the league in average game time in the last seven days. This is attributable to the fact that the Twins played both the longest and the shortest games of the week. The shortest was a 6 inning stint against the Brewers which still managed to go 2:21.
The title for longest average game of the week goes to the Red Sox, who played games with the following lengths of time: 3:02, 3:12, 3:25, 3:28, 3:28 again, 4:16, 5:03. To put that in context against the Boston Marathon, which took place at the same time as Monday's game (a respectable 3:12):
The winner of the race was almost exactly an hour faster than the baseball game that day. (2:12:45)
The shortest game would have placed around 1450th in the marathon
The 3:25 game would have placed around 6400th.
The 4:16 game would have placed around 19,900th.
The 5:03 game would have placed around 24,500th.
So I guess it's clear: Boston is the US capital of marathons across all fields.
On the attendance front, the Indians have had some difficulties attracting fans this week. All three games were attended by fewer than 12,000 fans (meaning they were outdrawn by fellow Cleveland residents, the Cavs, this week . On top of that, two of the games drew fewer than 10,000, the only two games thus far this season to do so.
The weather seemed mostly pleasant, with temps only dropping as low as 55, and topping out at 95 in Arizona before they decided to close the roof for the remainder of the series (and summer). The winds stayed relatively consistent, except for the Marlins, who battled an average wind of 17.3 MPH this week.
For the remained, we have your miscellany. Below that, we have three tables of raw data for your reading enjoyment. The first is for total games played, then home, then away games.
Attendance:
Lowest attendance last week: Cleveland (vs Seattle), Tuesday, April 19th. 9,393. New season low!
Highest-Lowest attendance last week: St. Louis (vs Chicago Cubs), Tuesday, April 19th. 43,093
Highest attendance last week: Toronto (vs Oakland), Saturday, April 23th. 46,334.
Lowest-Highest attendance last week: Cleveland (vs Seattle), Thursday, April 21st. 11,525.
Game time:
Longest game last week: Washington vs Minnesota, Sunday, April 24th. 5:25 (6-5 WAS, 16 innings)New season longest!
Shortest game last week: Minnesota vs Milwaukee, Monday, April 18th. 2:21 (7-4 MIN/6 innings)
Quickest average game for the week: Miami, 2:50 average over 7 games.
Longest average game for the week: Boston, 3:43 average over 7 games.
Weather:
Warmest game last week: Arizona vs Pittsburgh, 95 degrees, Friday, April 22nd.
Coldest game last week: Chicago White Sox vs Texas, 55 degrees, Saturday, April 23rd.
Warmest average for the week: Pittsburgh, 81 degrees over 6 games.
Coldest average for the week: Cleveland, 55.5 degrees over 6 games.
Windiest game last week: Kansas City vs Baltimore, 21 MPH, Sunday, April 24th.
Windiest week: Miami, 17.3 MPH over 7 games.
Ejections:
Total ejections last week: 6 New weekly high! (10 total this season)
Ejections by league: AL 2, NL 4. (Season: AL 5, NL 5)
Raw data:
All games
Team Count of Games Min Attendance Max Attendance Avg Attendance Min Time of Game Max Time of Game Avg Time of Game Min Temp Max Temp Avg Temp Min Wind Max Wind Avg Wind Ejections Angels 7 11418 41058 24367 02:43 03:23 02:54 50 75 68.3 5 14 10.2 Astros 6 24181 40232 29202 02:42 05:03 03:31 71 85 77.7 5 9 6.5 Athletics 6 31952 46334 38342 02:38 03:30 03:04 61 68 65.3 9 15 11.7 Blue Jays 7 15404 46334 30555 02:38 03:22 03:01 65 69 67 5 11 7.5 Braves 6 14160 35230 22861 02:56 03:54 03:16 70 80 74.2 2 9 6 Brewers 7 17597 34813 25179 02:21 04:00 03:03 55 67 61 11 14 12.5 Cardinals 6 30074 45432 38587 02:32 03:35 02:57 64 75 69.3 5 15 11.2 Cubs 7 16497 45432 36098 02:32 03:20 02:59 58 75 66.6 5 15 9.6 Diamondbacks 7 27573 41497 36220 02:54 05:25 03:38 64 95 80.4 6 12 9.8 1 Dodgers 6 14160 42179 27329 02:57 04:02 03:29 63 80 72.7 2 13 6.8 Giants 7 41052 41886 41479 02:46 04:35 03:16 58 67 63.6 6 20 12.9 Indians 6 9393 31947 19834 02:41 03:56 03:04 51 64 55.5 3 13 7.5 Mariners 6 9393 41058 25063 02:43 03:56 03:05 52 74 64 3 13 9.3 Marlins 7 16112 41886 27450 02:33 03:14 02:50 58 64 60.7 14 20 17.3 1 Mets 6 20057 35230 25425 02:51 04:03 03:12 66 77 71.2 4 15 7.7 Nationals 7 16112 35974 23721 02:33 05:56 03:13 63 68 65 4 9 6.7 Orioles 6 15404 39900 25671 02:31 03:22 02:56 65 79 70.8 5 21 10.5 1 Padres 6 19449 37395 26612 02:35 04:01 03:15 64 78 71.8 9 13 11.3 2 Phillies 6 20057 34813 25074 02:48 04:03 03:15 66 77 70 4 15 7.7 Pirates 6 19449 32935 24809 02:58 05:25 03:38 74 95 81 9 13 10.3 Rangers 6 15486 26058 22936 02:41 03:57 03:07 45 75 65 5 17 9.5 Rays 6 31689 40981 35874 02:50 04:16 03:15 47 74 58.7 6 13 10.7 Red Sox 7 26672 40232 34028 03:02 05:03 03:43 47 85 68.8 6 13 8 Reds 7 12777 41660 22759 02:41 03:19 02:59 58 80 68.9 7 13 8.9 Rockies 6 12777 42179 25715 02:41 04:02 03:10 63 80 73 3 13 8.8 Royals 6 26889 39900 31796 02:31 03:08 02:54 66 79 70.7 5 21 12 Tigers 6 25086 31947 29130 02:41 03:20 02:58 51 68 60.7 3 15 7.8 1 Twins 7 17597 35974 26989 02:21 05:56 03:14 55 68 63 4 14 9.6 White Sox 7 11418 26058 16104 02:41 03:57 03:00 45 75 61.6 8 17 11.6 Yankees 6 31843 40981 36117 02:50 03:30 03:05 60 74 65.3 6 15 11.2
Home games
Team Count of Games Min Attendance Max Attendance Avg Attendance Min Time of Game Max Time of Game Avg Time of Game Min Temp Max Temp Avg Temp Min Wind Max Wind Avg Wind Ejections Angels 3 37754 41058 39856 02:43 03:23 02:57 67 74 71.3 5 11 9 Astros 3 26672 40232 33107 03:28 05:03 03:59 79 85 82 6 6 6 Blue Jays 3 34251 46334 42295 02:38 03:21 02:54 Braves 6 14160 35230 22861 02:56 03:54 03:16 70 80 74.2 2 9 6 Brewers 5 21087 34813 27515 02:48 04:00 03:15 Cardinals 3 43093 45432 44122 02:32 03:20 02:50 69 75 71.3 5 15 10 Diamondbacks 3 27573 32935 29446 02:58 05:25 03:51 95 95 95 10 10 10 1 Giants 7 41052 41886 41479 02:46 04:35 03:16 58 67 63.6 6 20 12.9 Indians 3 9393 11525 10269 02:48 03:56 03:13 52 64 56.7 3 13 9.7 Marlins 4 16112 17395 16749 02:33 02:43 02:38 Nationals 3 27684 35974 33018 02:39 05:56 03:48 63 68 65 4 9 6.7 Orioles 3 15404 17644 16610 02:50 03:22 03:07 65 69 67.3 5 11 7.3 1 Padres 6 19449 37395 26612 02:35 04:01 03:15 64 78 71.8 9 13 11.3 2 Phillies 3 20057 22417 21353 02:51 04:03 03:19 66 77 70 4 15 7.7 Rangers 3 24181 25886 25296 02:42 03:22 03:04 71 75 73.3 5 9 7 Red Sox 4 31689 37954 34718 03:02 04:16 03:28 47 66 55.5 7 13 10 Reds 7 12777 41660 22759 02:41 03:19 02:59 58 80 68.9 7 13 8.9 Rockies 3 35962 42179 38431 03:09 04:02 03:32 63 73 69.3 3 13 9.3 Royals 6 26889 39900 31796 02:31 03:08 02:54 66 79 70.7 5 21 12 Tigers 3 25086 31947 29399 02:41 03:20 02:55 51 57 54.3 3 7 5.3 Twins 2 17597 21078 19338 02:21 03:23 02:52 55 67 61 11 14 12.5 White Sox 7 11418 26058 16104 02:41 03:57 03:00 45 75 61.6 8 17 11.6 Yankees 6 31843 40981 36117 02:50 03:30 03:05 60 74 65.3 6 15 11.2
Away games
Team Count of Games Min Attendance Max Attendance Avg Attendance Min Time of Game Max Time of Game Avg Time of Game Min Temp Max Temp Avg Temp Min Wind Max Wind Avg Wind Ejections Angels 4 11418 14706 12751 02:46 02:59 02:52 50 75 65.3 8 14 11.3 Astros 3 24181 25886 25296 02:42 03:22 03:04 71 75 73.3 5 9 7 Athletics 6 31952 46334 38342 02:38 03:30 03:04 61 68 65.3 9 15 11.7 Blue Jays 4 15404 37168 21750 02:50 03:22 03:08 65 69 67 5 11 7.5 Brewers 2 17597 21078 19338 02:21 03:23 02:52 55 67 61 11 14 12.5 Cardinals 3 30074 37395 33052 02:35 03:35 03:05 64 70 67.3 12 13 12.3 Cubs 7 16497 45432 36098 02:32 03:20 02:59 58 75 66.6 5 15 9.6 Diamondbacks 4 41052 41497 41300 02:54 04:35 03:26 64 67 65.8 6 12 9.5 Dodgers 6 14160 42179 27329 02:57 04:02 03:29 63 80 72.7 2 13 6.8 Indians 3 25086 31947 29399 02:41 03:20 02:55 51 57 54.3 3 7 5.3 Mariners 6 9393 41058 25063 02:43 03:56 03:05 52 74 64 3 13 9.3 Marlins 3 41509 41886 41718 02:46 03:14 03:03 58 64 60.7 14 20 17.3 1 Mets 6 20057 35230 25425 02:51 04:03 03:12 66 77 71.2 4 15 7.7 Nationals 4 16112 17395 16749 02:33 02:43 02:38 Orioles 3 29546 39900 34731 02:31 03:04 02:45 66 79 74.3 6 21 13.7 Phillies 3 23439 34813 28794 02:48 04:00 03:12 Pirates 6 19449 32935 24809 02:58 05:25 03:38 74 95 81 9 13 10.3 Rangers 3 15486 26058 20575 02:41 03:57 03:10 45 70 56.7 9 17 12 Rays 6 31689 40981 35874 02:50 04:16 03:15 47 74 58.7 6 13 10.7 Red Sox 3 26672 40232 33107 03:28 05:03 03:59 79 85 82 6 6 6 Rockies 3 12777 13240 12999 02:41 02:55 02:49 72 80 76.7 7 10 8.3 Tigers 3 26889 30763 28860 02:52 03:08 03:02 66 68 67 5 15 10.3 1 Twins 5 21087 35974 30050 02:39 05:56 03:37 63 68 65 4 9 6.7
(Astrid Riecken for The Washington Post)
Many of us who lay claim to one or more of the identity groups candidate Donald Trump so readily attacked during his campaign (blacks, Mexicans, Muslims, people with disabilities, etc.) are watching with complete terror and anxiety as President-elect Trump, a man who was endorsed by the Ku Klux Klan (the original domestic terrorist group), prepares to transition into the most powerful position in the world, vindicated by the votes of tens of millions of our fellow Americans. Already, reports of attacks, racist graffiti and bullying of Muslims and immigrants have made headlines in the aftermath of Trump's election.
Many people are wondering what to do with their feelings of vulnerability right now. As a black woman, and a daughter of immigrants, with an Arabic last name, this has not been an easy week. If you find yourself struggling, it's important to do what you can to take care of yourself emotionally and mentally first.
Here are some tips you can put to use right now.
It's okay to feel angry, sad or anxious right now. It's okay to cry. People may tell you to stop being sad/anxious/fearful about Trump's victory and move on to fighting back. It's okay to say no to them. If you know you need time to process and heal, take it, if you can. It's not a bad idea to give Twitter a time out. Fall back from Facebook. Cut off the cable channel. You neither need to be exposed to the fear and anxiety of others nor the gleeful victory chants of Trump supporters. When was the last time you heard someone say, “Oh man, I'm so glad I tuned into CNN/FOX/MSNBC, those pundits made me feel so much better!” Shut it off. Pets. Seriously. Research has shown that petting animals can ease stress. Maybe you can visit a friend or relative who has pets. If you don't have a pet of your own, perhaps now is a good time to think about adopting a rescue animal. Or if you aren't ready for that full-time responsibility, you can volunteer to foster an animal. Get out and and exercise. Even a long walk can help with clearing your mind of negativity. Studies have shown that physical activity helps increase feel-good endorphins, which can help you cope with stressors. I personally have taken up Muay Thai as a release. Get out into nature. Remind yourself of the beauty this world provides. Take a hike in the woods. Sit under a tree or near a body of water. Or buy flowers or plants to bring into your space. Even looking at pictures of nature can help. Reach out to friends, family and community networks for support. You never know who else may be having a hard time coping right now . Call them, text them and get together in person if you can. Physical touch from others can also be healing — this may be a good time to be open to giving and receiving hugs. ( TBH: I'm not a natural hugger myself, but I've found myself relaxing my stance on that this week.) Remember to eat and to sleep and to drink plenty of water. Stress weakens the immune system, so remember to keep your nutrition levels stable. I've said this before, but creativity can be great medicine. Draw, paint, dance, sing. Create and consume beauty from the negativity. For me personally, I've taken to reading poetry, particularly from women of color. I highly suggest “salt.” by Nayyirah Waheed and “Milk and Honey” by Rupi Kaur. Find a way to laugh. Watch your favorite comedy shows on Netflix and YouTube. Pull up that Chewbacca Mom video. Get drinks with the funniest person you know. Get on your favorite Instagram comedian's account. Maybe this is a good weekend to get a group together to do karaoke. If it is your thing, pray or meditate. Even several minutes of mindful breathing can help ease stress and anxiety. If you feel yourself slipping to an extremely dark place, do not be afraid to reach out for professional help from counselors. In our digital age there are online therapy resources such as Talkspace, which can help you find therapists who specialize in helping people of color and LGBT persons. Importantly, if you feel you are in immediate danger of hurting yourself or others, please call 911.
(Special note: If you see a person of color or someone who visibly identifies as one of the groups Trump's rhetoric has targeted being harassed, bullied or physically attacked in the days or weeks to come, please do not stand by. Speak up, speak out and, if necessary, call the police.)
If you ever find yourself feeling powerless about the new state of affairs in America, remember this gem from Audre Lorde: “Caring for myself is not self-indulgence, it is self-preservation, and that is an act of political warfare.”
Government still seeks Free Trade Agreement with China despite Beijing's plans to reintroduce coal import tariffs
Updated
The Trade Minister Andrew Robb says he hopes Beijing's decision to put tariffs on coal imports will not delay the Government's planned free trade deal with China.
China's Ministry of Finance said in a statement that import tariffs for anthracite coal and coking coal will return to 3 per cent, while non-coking coal will have an import tax of 6 per cent.
Mr Robb said the Government still hopes to secure a free trade deal with China by the end of the year, but acknowledges the tariff announcement is a bump in the road.
"It's something that we need to now inject quite significantly into the Free Trade Agreement," he said.
He said it will reduce returns and may place higher cost mines under pressure.
Mr Robb said he could not predict whether it will see Australian mining operations close or jobs lost.
Australia and Russia, among the top coal exporters into China, are expected to be hit by the new tariffs.
It is not clear if exporters in Indonesia, the second-biggest shipper of the fuel to China, will be subject to the tariffs since a free trade agreement between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) means Beijing has promised the signatory nations zero import tariffs for some resources.
China had set import taxes for all coals, with the exception of coking coal, at 6 per cent prior to 2005 before they were gradually reduced and scrapped in 2007. Coking coal import taxes were set at 3 percent before being abolished in 2005.
Briquettes, a fuel manufactured from coal, and other fuels will see their import tariffs return to 5 per cent.
Import tariffs result of lobbying from China's top miners
The latest efforts to limit imports comes after nearly a year of intense lobbying by China's top miners for Beijing to stem the flood of cheap supplies that have inundated the domestic market and dragged local prices to a six-year low.
The China National Coal Association, which had submitted proposals to reduce domestic output, reduce tax burden and regulate imports, had urged Beijing to act swiftly to support the besieged sector, where 70 per cent of the miners were making losses and more than half were owing wages.
China said last month it will ban the import and local sale of coal with high ash and sulphur content starting from 2015 in a bid to tackle air pollution.
But Australian miners were left unscathed by that regulation as the most stringent standards did not apply to power plants.
While speculation has swirled about the resumption of the import tariffs since late last year, some industry participants were surprised by the high rates and the types of coal that were included.
"Having a 6 per cent import tax for thermal coal is very high and that will easily snuff out any price advantage overseas suppliers can offer," a Shanghai-based coal trader said.
"It is also puzzling that they have resumed tariffs for coking coal, since China has a shortage of quality coking coal."
China, also the world's top coal producer and consumer, imported 327.1 million tonnes of coal in 2013, accounting for about 10 per cent of the country's total consumption.
ABC/Reuters
Topics: coal, china, australia, asia
First posted
Most Republicans have voted against their own economic interests for the past 40 years, and the health care battle is but the latest example.
Repealing Obamacare would slash taxes on the richest and cut benefits to the middle class and working poor. Yet a majority of the white working class supports Trump, just as they supported Reagan and the Bushes, who did the same things. Why?
Three compelling, and interrelated, answers have been put forward in recent years: conservative values, American populism, and white resentment. All of these are true, but drawing on the work of political theorist Charles Reich, I'd like to propose a fourth: the confusion of corporate and individual liberty.
First, Thomas Frank, in What's the Matter with Kansas? tracked how Republicans have used social and cultural issues to persuade working class voters to vote against their economic interests. This is a legacy of the civil rights era, when white Southerners abandoned the Democratic Party, first turning to George Wallace in 1968, and then to the GOP following Richard Nixon's successful “Southern Strategy” of opposing civil rights laws and scaremongering about African Americans.
That strategy continues today, as Republican candidates use racialized messaging, whether in George H.W. Bush's “Willie Horton” ad or in Donald Trump's generalizations about Mexicans and Muslims, to attract conservative white votes.
But since the politicization of the Christian right in the 1970s—itself, as Randall Balmer has shown, a reaction to desegregation and the civil rights movement—Republicans have also appealed to conservative religious values on issues like abortion, LGBT, and women's rights. Today, over half of Republican voters are conservative Christians—which is why Donald Trump, an inveterate sinner, has worked so hard to maintain that base, from choosing Mike Pence and Neil Gorsuch to his latest move against transgender soldiers. Indeed, in the last few decades, as Sarah Posner has shown, Republicans have even made laissez-faire economics a religious tenet.
In short, working class and middle class voters support policies that hurt them because it's not the economy, stupid. It's values, too.
Second, this cultural divide has widened in the era of global contemporary populism, as John B. Judis describes in The Populist Explosion, his new, compact book on populism. The rhetorics of Trump, Marine LePen, Brexit, Narendra Modi, and even Vladimir Putin echo waves of populism which have periodically shaken America ever since industrialization. Now, as then, populist demagogues depict politics as a struggle between a corrupt, powerful elite and a good, patriotic “people.”
Judis' book greatly helps to demystify the Trump phenomenon. Trump's attacks on the press and Hollywood, his vulgarity, his “plain-spokenness” (even while lying more than any president in history)—we have seen all of these before. To be sure, the prompts for today's populist surge are new—globalization, technology, multiculturalism, and the crash of 2008—but the response has been eerily similar.
At its extremes, the populist phenomenon leads to authoritarianism; other times, merely to patriotism, racism, nationalism, and xenophobia. It is an emotive politics of reptilian-brain appeals to group identity and belonging, the kind of patriotic appeals that Jonathan Haidt studied in The Righteous Mind.
As such, populism is unmoored from facts. Judis quotes Michael D'Antonio, one of Trump's biographers, who points out that Trump Svengali Roger Stone's messaging was “intended to persuade voters that the GOP, which was traditionally the party of big business and the country-club set, was actually the anti-elite party of the working class.”
That is right-wing populism in a nutshell. Scapegoating not just Mexicans and Muslims but also the supposed “cultural elite” (a tactic Tom Frank himself bought into in a ridiculous piece in The Guardian last week), Trump purports to speak for “ordinary people” who are being screwed over by politicians, journalists, and the same wealthy elites who make up the Republican donor base. Like Reagan and Nixon before him, Trump has capitalized on resentment of the “effete corps of impudent snobs” (in Spiro Agnew's words, written by Pat Buchanan) who drink lattes in San Francisco while the heartland languishes.
But it's not just values and populism.
Third and finally, several writers, including sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild in Strangers in their own Land, have observed that while working class Republicans are in fact helped by government programs, they see themselves as being victimized by them. (One review of her bestselling book was titled “Why Do People Who Need Help From the Government Hate It So Much?”)
Data and the anecdotes collected in Hochschild's book show that less affluent Republicans see “big government” as unfairly helping people poorer and lazier than themselves who game the system to avoid working. Often those people are black or brown, but they needn't be—they are, rather, the undeserving poor who are unfairly favored over hard-working Americans by big government programs.
Of course, in actuality, those programs help the very people opposed to them, as the sudden support for Medicaid expansion suggests. But very few Americans want to admit that they themselves are the disadvantaged people in need of support, and Americans consistently place themselves in higher wealth brackets than they actually are in. Significant numbers of working class Americans believe that someone else is freeloading on the backs of hardworking taxpayers, and oppose the programs that enable them to do so.
That's how Hochschild could interview Louisianans who opposed environmental and other regulations even though they, themselves, had been poisoned by pollution. It's how farmers dependent on government assistance can resent poor people on food stamps. In Hochschild's metaphor, these people believe that they've waited in line for the American Dream, but now others—immigrants, minorities, the undeserving poor—are cutting in line, collecting welfare checks, benefiting from affirmative action.
This last set of factors distinguishes right-wing populism like Trump's from left-wing populism like Bernie Sanders', Syriza's in Greece, Podemos' in Spain. Sanders (and Hochschild) rightly point to the lie at the heart of right-wing populism: In fact, the losses the white working class have experienced are not due to immigrants or African Americans, but to corporations polluting the environment, financial speculators crashing the housing market, and so on.
In other words, scapegoating “line cutters” is a ruse. The great right-wing populist lie is that line-cutters are responsible for the woes of the working class, when in fact the responsible parties are the largest corporations and wealthiest individuals—precisely those who gain the most from a Republican administration.
How, though, to communicate this conundrum to the people who are perpetuating their own subjugation? It won't happen in the “elite” pages of the liberal media, now poisoned by the rhetoric of Fox News and Donald Trump. But it has to happen somehow. And here I turn to the fourth reason for Trump's success, and to the writings of a once-well-known political thinker, Charles Reich.
Reich was famous—twice, in fact. First, in The New Property, he pioneered the concept of “entitlements” as a kind of property that could not be taken away without due process. Then, in 1970, Reich became a countercultural hero for his bestselling book The Greening of America, which described the unrest of the time not as adolescent rebellion but as an embrace of new values like egalitarianism and human potential. For better or for worse, Reich was largely right.
In the 1990s, Reich attempted a comeback, but his later work did not achieve the prominence of his earlier material. That's too bad, because his 1995 book Opposing the System is often quite useful.
For Reich, the dichotomy between “public sector” and “private sector” is misleading. Really, he wrote, there is the governmental sector, the corporate sector, and the individual sector. What conservatives decry as “big government taking away our freedom” is actually government preserving the freedom of the individual sector against the predation of the corporate sector. Minimum wage laws, for example, curtail corporate freedom to promote individual freedom. So do environmental laws, which curtail corporate freedom to pollute in order to promote individual freedom to, well, live.
So when Hochschild's Louisianans complain about “big government,” they are buying into a false dichotomy between “government” and “the people” (i.e., the public and private sector). Really, while government does sometimes curtail individual freedom, the modern state more often curtails corporate freedom to protect individual freedom. There are three sets of actors here, not two.
This has been true ever since corporations grew from the limited, tiny, chartered corporations that the Founders knew about into the giant trusts of the 19th century and giant multinationals today. Big government is mostly a response to big business, which didn't exist when the country was founded. Remember, the original Tea Party was as much a rebellion against a corporation, the East India Tea Company, as against a government.
There's no need to resort to caricatures. Corporations trample on individuals not because they or their leaders are evil, but because they are extremely powerful machines that will inevitably trample over less powerful individuals, if not held in check. Corporations are dangerous for the same reason they're effective: they are powerful.
Left-wing populists make this claim all the time, but they are often rooted in ideologies that alienate the voters they are trying to reach (as John Lennon put it, “If you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao / You ain't gonna make it with anyone anyhow”). Pointing out the lie of Republican populism doesn't have to be a socialist crusade. It has truth on its side; just look at who's in Trump's Cabinet, who's writing the checks, and who stands to win the most. The swamp has not been drained.
And Reich is right: Corporate freedom is not only different from individual freedom, but is often diametrically opposed to it. Trump's success depends on hiding that fact. His defeat will hinge on communicating it.
During a weekend when Star Wars: The Last Jedi dominated the box office, Luke Skywalker himself took some time to battle Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and FCC Chairman Ajit Pai over net neutrality.
Early Saturday morning, Star Wars star Mark Hamill blasted Pai on social media for his bizarre video celebrating the recent vote to repeal Obama-era net neutrality rules, calling the FCC chief a “corp[orate] shill” who is “profoundly unworthy 2 wield a lightsaber.”
A day later, Cruz jumped in to defend Pai, tweeting to Hamill that “Hollywood can be confusing,” while also misspelling Hamill's name. Hamill called out Cruz for the misspelling, ripped him for “smarm-splaining” net neutrality to him, and then brought up that time Cruz's Twitter account liked some NSFW content.
Check out their Twitter exchange below.
Cute video Ajit "Aren't I Precious?" Pai 🤮-but you are profoundly unworthy 2 wield a lightsaber-A Jedi acts selflessly for the common man-NOT lie 2 enrich giant corporations. Btw-did you pay John Williams his royalty? @AjitPaiFCCorpShill #AJediYouAreNOT pic.twitter.com/SpIcOEySUY — @HamillHimself (@HamillHimself) December 16, 2017
.@HammillHimself Luke, I know Hollywood can be confusing, but it was Vader who supported govt power over everything said & done on the Internet. That's why giant corps (Google, Facebook, Netflix) supported the FCC power grab of net neutrality. Reject the dark side: Free the net! https://t.co/nARkMvIEYk — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) December 17, 2017
Thanks, Octomom, for doing your part.
Photo by Toby Canham/Getty Images
Ever since it became less socially acceptable to argue openly that women—at least white, middle-class women—owe it to men to curtail our professional ambitions in favor of a life as our husbands' support staff, conservatives started to panic about declining birth rates. If women don't start making more babies, they dimly warn, the country is headed for catastrophe as the workplace empties out of workers and retirees suck up all the money and people stop caring about the future. (Because we can't care about the children we do have unless we have more of them, for some reason.) To save America, women, especially those aforementioned pesky middle-class, white women, are going to have to start having more babies at a younger age, the argument goes. That this demand means that women will end up curtailing their ambitions and moving into the support-staff role is simply a coincidence, of course. Nothing to see here.
The latest installation in the declining fertility rate commentary series is from Jonathan Last, a Weekly Standard writer and author of a new book on “America's Coming Demographic Disaster” and who is far better than say, Ross Douthat, at presenting this claim in a way that makes it sound reasonable. His piece in the Wall Street Journal is impressive particularly for deigning to take seriously liberal reactions to this argument, such as the environmentalist concerns or the tendency of liberals to argue for a better social safety net so women can both work and have more children. Here's a good example of Last's tagged-on nod to liberals:
There's a constellation of reasons for this decline: Middle-class wages began a long period of stagnation. College became a universal experience for most Americans, which not only pushed people into marrying later but made having children more expensive. Women began attending college in equal (and then greater) numbers than men. More important, women began branching out into careers beyond teaching and nursing. And the combination of the birth-control pill and the rise of cohabitation broke the iron triangle linking sex, marriage and childbearing.
This is only a partial list, and many of these developments are clearly positive. But even a social development that represents a net good can carry a serious cost.
Most tellingly, Last's argument rests on the assumption that women's income-drawing work doesn't count. He dismisses the French approach of offering cheap day care, because “France, for example, hasn't been able to stay at the replacement rate, even with all its day-care spending.” But wait: If the goal is to have more people earning money, innovating and creating, and paying taxes, then the policy does work, unless you think, for some reason, that the women who are freed up by cheaper day care to earn income, innovate and create, and pay taxes don't count because the only economic contribution women can make is to make more men.
What really galls me about Last's piece (and most like it) is the underlying assumption that human beings exist to serve society and not the other way around. Oh, sure, Last mentions a few conservative-friendly policy ideas to help people afford kids—such as reducing the number of kids who go to college, attacking Social Security, and pushing people to move to the suburbs—but if reducing day care costs doesn't do it, there's no reason to think these tweaks will either. The reader is left with the feeling that the only solution to save capitalism is to clip the wings of half of the population so they can spend more time laying eggs.
I'd argue instead that if the system is set up so that it fails if women don't start popping out more kids, then it's a broken system and should be reworked to account for the reality of America today. If women don't want to have more children, then instead of abandoning women's equality as a goal, we should rework our economic system so it doesn't rely on a steadily growing population to function. After all, the point of society is to serve the people in it, not to reduce us to cogs in a machine that serves no one at all.
Boxer Amir Khan's estranged wife threatened to “destroy him” as their marriage collapsed.
Friends of the star have revealed he was desperate to leave Faryal Makhdoom, 26, two years ago, telling them the pair were “living in hell.”
But they said she had vowed to ruin Amir by exposing the true extent of his hard-partying and womanizing ways.
And they claim he was so suffocated by the marriage that he turned to alcohol to cope.
One friend of the former Olympics star and ex-world light-welterweight champion told the Sun on Sunday: “Amir has wanted to leave Faryal for two years.
“But every time an argument blew up, she would tell him he was dreaming if he thought he could divorce her — it would be her divorcing him because she had so much dirt on him.
“She said divorce could destroy him and leave his reputation in tatters. He would lose his money, sponsors, his fan base, everything.
“And she would tell him this in front of his friends.
“He was in a bad place and began drinking heavily to cope with the stress.
“He drinks the hard stuff — vodka, Johnny Walker — and sometimes drank all day.
“Eventually he snapped. He told her, ‘F–k it, I'm done with you. I don't give a damn. I'd rather have my peace of mind.'”
The claims come after Khan announced the marriage split on Twitter, sparking a vicious war of words with her.
He accused her of “moving on quick” with heavyweight champ Anthony Joshua.
Faryal denied the claims and Joshua, 27, also has denied any relationship with her.
The couple, who have a 2-year-old daughter, married in 2013 at New York's Waldorf Astoria hotel.
But friends claim he regrets going through with the marriage.
One said: “He almost called it off because Faryal and her mother kicked up a huge storm over his team's demand that she sign a pre-nup. Eventually she agreed but it created a rift between the families.”
After the pair wed, notorious lothario Khan publicly promised he was ready to settle down.
But stories of his alleged infidelity, including a night with a model in 2014, continued and drove them further apart.
The friend added: “No one is saying Amir has been an angel.
“He is a lovely guy but loves partying hard, drinking, smoking sheesha and going out with beautiful women.
“Faryal began playing private detective and started building up ammunition against him.
“The thought of details about his drinking and womanising becoming public through a divorce remained a crushing one for him.
“He felt trapped by her. And it has taken until now for him to break free.”
art by Circus-Cinnamon
This was simply fantastic. As much as I enjoyed several of the others, “Top Bolt” ranks as the best map episode yet. And probably one of the best episodes for Rainbow Dash.
But on top of everything else that this episode does beautifully, and there is a lot, the most stand-out element of “Top Bolt” comes from what happened behind the scenes which brought us the background character Angel Wings.
In the words of Loquacious of Herd:
”As you may know, the folks working on My Little Pony are awesome. Not only do they produce this awesome show for all of us to enjoy, but they occasionally do good and charitable works for the fans. Angel Wings is the result of such kindness. “This character is the OC of Alexis "Lexi" Heule, and Lexi got to voice Angel Wings for the episode. All of this was facilitated through the Make-A-Wish Foundation, a non-profit organization that arranges to fulfill the “wishes” of children (ages 3 – 17) who are suffering from life-threatening medical conditions. “So kudos to all involved, and my sincere wish that things go well for Ms. Heule.”
Kudos and best wishes indeed. I couldn't possibly have said it better, LoH.
The Friendship is Magic Wiki has this to add:
Heule has a congenital heart disease and connective tissue disorder, and she was able to play her own character in the show through the Make-A-Wish Foundation, making her the second individual to do so after Sylvain-Nicholas LeVasseur-Portelance, who voiced Stellar Eclipse.
Above everything else, the kindness and generosity shown by the people who create this show deserves top recognition. These people already have our thanks and appreciation for the amazing show they have given us. But it is because of deeds like this that they are truly worthy of our admiration.
My thoughts on “Top Bolt” after the break.
art by Asika-Aida
In “Top Bolt”, our favorite plot device draws Twilight Sparkle and Rainbow Dash together to tackle a friendship problem. And while this one has similarities to other map episodes, it markedly improves on those elements.
Unlike previous episodes, neither Twilight nor Rainbow are chosen because of a character flaw or weakness. This episode and the friendship problem plays instead to both of their strengths. Nor are either of them useful primarily for their unique abilities (like the ability to freeze a mob of ponies or the ability to talk to animals). While at first it looks like Twilight's interest in academics and teaching may be her reason for being here, what really allows her to help with the problem is her own personal character growth.
In fact, the talks that Twilight and Rainbow have with Sky and Vapor (respectively) are some of the most mature and poignant character moments those to have had all season. Having Twilight help Sky Stinger regain hope by talking about her own growth from very flawed beginnings to being an example to others was incredible. And hearing Rainbow Dash draw out Vapor Trail's desires for herself and help her embrace them was deeply touching.
Likewise, we again had a map episode where the two members of the Mane Six had very differing opinions on how to tackle the problem. But here too, “Top Bolt” excelled, as both characters made very strong points, drawn from personal experience. And what is more, they immediately talked to each other about this, explaining their reasoning and respecting each other's viewpoints. There was no malice and no haughty assumption that one was right and the other wrong. And just as importantly, neither of them were framed as being obviously right or wrong by the episode. In fact, both strategies for tackling the problem were given a try, and they both failed.
In failure, greater understanding was gained. The point where both Twilight and Rainbow admitted their plans were flawed and why was yet another strong point in the episode.
art by tyuubatu
“Top Bolt” surprised me by delivering a very mature friendship problem, and one that had no easy answers. This is often the case in real life, where normally everything is more complicated and more morally grey than we would prefer (and that morning cartoons tend to portray). In this case, everything had to fall apart before they could even start to really fix the problems.
In the case of this episode, the core problems were those of a relationship grounded on a lie, and the mutually damaging nature of enabling.
Sky Stinger's and Vapor Trail's friendship was true (and, honestly, I cannot help but believe they are “best friends” in the Lyra and Bonbon sense… I ship them so much) and the emotions and caring are very real. Yet they were brought together by a “white lie” that, being allowed to continue and grow, had become something that threatened to seriously harm both of them. And with both the length of time that the lie had been allowed to continue, and the extent to which it was enacted, I cannot blame Sky Stinger for his reaction when the illusion was broken and reality set in.
Helping is good. We should seek to help our friends and strive to help each other. But there is a point where repeatedly helping ceases to be beneficial, when it actually becomes a bad thing. That occurs when helping prevents someone from improving on their own, or when it allows someone to continue on in a bad habit or avoid fixing a problem. At that point, helping has turned into enabling.
I have witnessed the poisonous effects of enabling on a marriage. And I have struggled to help a friend who inevitably proved unwilling to break the cycle. (To the point where I myself had to stop trying to help or become an enabler myself.) Not only was the person being enabled allowed to spiral downwards without ever facing the reality that she needed help, but the person doing the enabling slowly became a shadow of his former self, putting all his effort into propping her up, while becoming beaten by the weight of it.
A relationship, whether a friendship or a marriage or any other, will be poisoned by a long-standing lie or by the type of dependency (or even co-dependency) that enabling will generate. In both situations, a break needs to be made before healing can occur. But when the people involved really and truly care about each other, that healing can occur. Sometimes, however, it does need a little outside intervention to begin. And here, Twilight Sparkle and Rainbow Dash step in to provide that needed intervention.
art by Sea-Maas
Both were in excellent character. Rainbow Dash in particular really showed how much she has matured as a character. Her bravado, while still there, remained in the back seat and never interfered with tackling the problem. In this episode, we got a wonderful continuation of her new career in the Wonderbolts, and with it we saw how naturally she is fitting in, and even how comfortably she has come to terms with her “Crash” nickname that was (understandably) such an issue for her in “Newbie Dash”.
I also loved the characterization of our pair of friends. Sky Stinger challenged the stereotype I had assumed of him when he asked Twilight and Rainbow Dash to help Vapor Trail. Vapor Trail's first self-compliment was heartwarming, and it was so good that Rainbow Dash pointed it out. The dialogue for these two characters was perfectly written and I could absolutely believe in their relationship. Getting to see how things started was a level of development that we don't often get for new characters, and it really went a long way to explaining the dynamics involved without being too complicated for a children's show.
I have to point out that the drive for a “middle child” to excel in an attempt to garner the attention they feel (and often are) deprived of is fairly common and a classic seed for issues later in life. (And Sky Stinger definitely deals with this much better than Autumn Leaf does in Fallout: Equestria.)
As a side note, I also feel Spitfire's characterization in “Top Bolt” really helped her characterization in previous episodes come together as a gestalt. Perhaps it is just me, but I have a much better and more rounded grasp of her than I did previously.
Wing Ponies:
The animation for Vapor Trail's spin training was really cool, including a bit of rare first-pony-perspective.
I also found the split montage really interesting. Classically, a montage is used to show improvement over time. Here, we saw Vapor Trail improve over time, but Sky Stinger fail to do so in contrast.
We have a new location, presumably a pegasus city: Stratusburg!
Vapor Trail was utterly adorable with her “sugarcubes” and her best sneeze.
“Thanks. Good pep talk.” Perfect sarcasm.
Quote of the episode goes to Spitfire: “Do you want to tell me why one of my most promising students is flying like a balloon with a hole in it?!” That is an excellent metaphor.
It was nice to see they remembered Starlight Glimmer and had her at the castle, even if she had no role in the episode.
There were some interesting new pony designs amongst the trainees.
I loved the ponified version of Leonardo da Vinci's classic L'Uomo Vitruviano in Twilight's notes. Also, the idea that this information was “fresh in her mind” from events that happened at the beginning of Season Four reaffirms my suspicion that she has some sort of eidetic memory. That would also explain her reconstruction of a spell she had only read once back in the season premiere. Nice (if possibly unintentional) continuity.
I also really liked the podium in the Wonderbolts Academy classroom. I'm regularly impressed with the little details that the show's artists include.
I liked that Rainbow Dash was the one to notice Vapor Trail was helping Sky Stinger.
We got a nice return of some of the pegasus training devices we have seen previously
By Jeremy P. Amick
The stories of veterans can often vary among the different branches of services and the types of military duties for which one trained. As local veteran Ron Bandelier notes, his combat tour in South Vietnam was, in his opinion, an ideal example of such a unique experience and one witnessed with a group of American-trained Vietnamese Rangers.
A 1965 graduate of Jefferson City High School, Bandelier, 68, St. Martins, Mo., received his draft notice in September 1967, while working for the state highway department.
“I know you've probably heard it before, but all of us just kind of knew (the draft) was coming,” he said.
By late October, he was in Ft. Bliss, Texas, attending U.S. Army basic training with six other draftees from the Jefferson City area. Finishing their initial training in mid-December, the men returned home on leave, not to meet again until after the war.
“During the induction process, they put us through some tests and discovered that I was color blind,” Bandelier explained. “They said it was a good thing because that meant I couldn't go in the infantry.”
In early January 1968, the young soldier reported to Fort Huachuca, Ariz., for training as a radio teletype operator, spending the next three months learning to operate military radio systems including the/PRC 25—a short-range radio that would later become vital to his survival under combat conditions.
Graduating in April 1968, the untested soldier received orders for deployment and traveled by commercial aircraft to Cam Rahn Bay, Vietnam, arriving in country toward the end of the Tet Offensive—one of the largest military campaigns launched against South Vietnamese and American forces during the war.
Within days, Bandelier was assigned to a U.S. Army Ranger group called MAC-V (Military Assistance Command) attached to the 21st Vietnamese Ranger Battalion, which he describes as a “highly mobile advisory team” comprised of four American soldiers and more than 400 Vietnamese Rangers.
“The Vietnamese Rangers were very well trained,” Bandelier said. “Our base camp was located in Phu Loc, northwest of Da Nang,” he added, “and we were usually out on operations with one of us advisors cycling in to Da Nang for about three days of rest, usually once every two weeks or as combat conditions allowed.”
As the veteran explained, the MAC-V was one of several military elements operating under a rather unique set of cirumstances, separated from resupply and support, with the radio Bandelier carried serving as their lifeline to the oustide world.
“Our primary purpose was reconnaissance of an area called Dodge City,” he explained. “It was known to be a major infiltration route for attacks against Da Nang. When we would make contact with Viet Cong or NVA (North Vietnamese Army), I would use the radio to call in artillery or airstrikes.”
He continued, “I can even remember times that we used naval artillery from the ships operating off of the coast.”
As the lone radioman among only four Americans in their operational group, Bandelier said that with the tall antenna connected to the radio, it was easier to identify him as a target since enemy forces knew he was the connection between the Vietnamese Rangers and artillery support.
“I never used the long-range ‘whip' antenna,” he said, “unless it was really necessary for communication. Snipers always waited and aimed at the guys with antennas in the air, so I used the shorter 3-foot tape antenna that I could run down the front of my backpack and pull it up for transmission.”
In addition to the threat posed by snipers and enemy forces, Bandelier stated that the Rangers also had to contend with other deadly threats such as booby traps and land mines during their missions.
After spending nearly a year performing operations in a “hot spot” of Vietnam where “no place was safe,” the combat veteran completed his tour and returned to the United States, receiving his discharge in May 1969.
Once back in Mid-Missouri, he returned to work with the state highway department and remained there until his retirement in 2002. The year following his discharge from the Army, Bandelier married his fiancée, Dorothy, and the couple has raised two sons.
The veteran now enjoys spending his free time restoring and driving classic cars and, for the past decade, has volunteered to drive a hosptial van for the Disabled American Veterans. Despite however active he remains in his retirement, Bandelier's thoughts frequently return to friends he left behind decades ago and thousands of miles away.
“We essentially lived among the Vietnamese Rangers the entire time we were over there … they were our friends, they were our people,” Bandelier affirmed.
When we left (Vietnam) and communist government seized control, most of them fought to end and never surrendered . For that,” he paused, “they were placed in reeducation camps or killed.”
He added,”When our time was up, we got to come home, but they had to stay over there and deal with the consequences of defending their country.”
Jeremy P. Amick writes on behalf of the Silver Star Families of America.
As Maclean's Paul Wells reports, Donald Trump's rising dissatisfaction with America's trade deals with Canada may have hit a tipping point Monday afternoon. Wells reports that Trump is said to have seen a segment on Fox featuring a distressed Wisconsin dairy farmer who, should nothing change between now and May 1, could be forced to dump much of the milk his farm produces, as he can no longer sell it to Canada. As Wells writes, The Fox News story egged the President on in his growing suspicion that Canada, far from being cuddly and Ivanka-friendly, is actually a marauding border-squatting trade succubus.” And so, a trade war—now involving a softwood lumber tariff—may erupt.
Opening a segment on Fox Business yesterday, reporter Jeff Flock knelt next to some dairy cows in Fox Lake, Wisc., and laid the blame squarely on America's neighbour to the north.
“They thought that President Trump was going to start the trade war. Well, it looks like Canada may have fired the first shot,” he said.
The reason dairy matters? It all rests on a high-protein concentrate called “ultrafiltered milk” that's used in making cheese and yogurt. Because of its recent introduction, ultrafiltered milk hasn't been subject to a negotiated tariff under NAFTA, and so it could be imported into Canada cheaply. In response to this, Canada's dairy industry recently introduced a new pricing class of milk, which was meant to incentivize Canadian farms to produce unfiltered milk, therefore cutting into U.S. imports (and those of places like Australia and New Zealand). For those countries, the new class system in Canada appears unfair.
Why does May 1 matter? And why is Wisconsin so important? May 1 is when a major U.S. producer, Grasslands Dairy Products Inc., plans to cancel its contracts with 75 Wisconsin farms if nothing changes.
It's worth noting that in this Fox segment, the dairy farmer Flock interviews doesn't necessarily blame Canada for what might happen to his milk, and subsequently his farm. “We need immediate help,” Tony Senn said. “I don't believe that looking at Canada to correct this problem at this time is going to be the answer.” That jives with what some other Wisconsin farmers have said recently. When the CBC talked to dairy farmers, they suggested blaming Canada for their situation is misguided. “Suddenly, everyone was pointing the finger at Canada, but that's not really what's going on. We have overproduction here in Wisconsin, and we really need to address that here at home,” Sarah Lloyd, a dairy farmer near Madison, told the network last week, in the wake of Trump's initial anti-Canadian dairy salvo.
CLOSE For nearly two years, a time-lapse camera on top of the Town Pump Tavern and the Park Avenue House captured the building of Little Caesars Arena. Kathleen Galligan/Detroit Free Press
Little Caesars Arena (Photo: Rob Kohn/Olympia Development)
The Ilitch family's Olympia Development of Michigan said Wednesday it will pay off and privately refinance the $200 million in public bonds that helped pay to build Little Caesars Arena.
The payoff comes 28 years ahead of schedule for the 30-year bonds issued by the Michigan Strategic Fund as part of the financing deal to build the arena.
By paying off the public bonds early and refinancing the debt privately, the move strengthens the balance sheet of the Detroit Downtown Development Authority, which in turn gives the DDA more financial leeway to back other downtown projects.
Read more:
Little Caesars Arena: Everything you need to know
Despite criticism, Ilitches have delivered for Detroit over the last 30 years
A conversation with Christopher Ilitch on the arena, staying a private firm
The Ilitch organization, which had the burden of paying off the public bonds in annual payments, said its ability to refinance privately reflects market confidence in the future of the arena and the broader plans for The District Detroit, the name given to the complex of retail, residential and civic developments taking shape near the arena.
“Five years ago, our city was in bankruptcy, and catalytic investment was difficult to come by,” Glen W. Long Jr., CFO and interim president and CEO of the Detroit Economic Growth Corporation, said in a prepared statement. “With the payoff of the Series B bonds, in addition to having a vibrant Little Caesars Arena and thriving District Detroit, our city experiences a major win. Eliminating the bond debt gives the DDA an opportunity to drive even greater economic development in Detroit.”
Christopher Ilitch, president and CEO of Ilitch Holdings, Inc, said in a statement.“Detroit's well-documented comeback is being recognized by third-party financial entities, which will drive even more investment in the city, region and state. For our organization, savings realized from the retirement and private refinancing of these bonds at a lower rate will contribute to our expanding vision for The District Detroit.”
Contact John Gallagher: 313-222-5173 or gallagher@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @jgallagherfreep.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2hw3YAa
A new point-of-care biochip enables rapid detection of nucleic acids in blood samples, paving the way for quick, cheap tests for HIV, MRSA, and numerous other diseases.
Video Credit: Yeh et al. Sci. Adv. 2016;3:e1501645
Ideally, an urgent diagnosis occurs rapidly and at a patient's side. Blood tests sent to a lab waste precious time. Rapid, onsite tests, sometimes called “point-of-care,” can be especially valuable in remote, resource-poor settings.
Now scientists have developed a prototype, low-cost, handheld, disposable chip that can detect viral and bacterial DNA or RNA directly from blood samples within about 30 minutes, findings detailed online March 22 in Science Advances.
Current conventional methods to analyze DNA or RNA often require a time-consuming multi-step process and expensive lab equipment. Study senior author Luke Lee at the University of California at Berkeley and his colleagues sought to develop a simpler, cheaper solution using microfluidic chips that shuffle liquids within microscopic channels. They aimed to create a “lab-on-a-chip” that could analyze genetic material in much less time, with fewer materials, and at a lower cost than a conventional laboratory.
The result is a chip they call SIMPLE (self-powered integrated microfluidic point-of-care low-cost enabling). The transparent silicone rubber device is about the size of a microscope slide. It accurately detected RNA from the HIV-1 virus and DNA from the Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) bacterium in roughly a half-hour. This work “presents a practical approach for integrating a number of microfluidic innovations into one package,” says biomedical engineer Samuel Sia at Columbia University in New York, who did not take part in this research.
The 2.5-by-7.5-centimeter SIMPLE chip relies on three technical advances. First, a user mixes blood samples with chemical reagents and then loads the mixture into wells in the chip. The chip is then incubated on reusable heat packs or in simple ovens, which help drive chemical reactions that detect tiny amounts of genetic material from the bacteria or virus of interest—for instance, anywhere from roughly 10 to 100,000 copies of MRSA DNA per microliter.
Next, the scientists developed a method to easily prepare samples for analysis on the chip by filtering plasma from human blood in a single step. The plasma gets separated into more than 200 microscopic wells for analysis.
Finally, the chip essentially carries its own power source in the form of two “vacuum batteries,” which are voids in the chip. When the chip releases this vacuum, it pulls air through lung-like structures in the chip, which helps drive microscopic droplets of fluid around the device. A method called recombinase polymerase amplification boosts nucleic acid amounts to detectable levels using enzymes; crucially, no added heat is necessary for the reaction.
“Our SIMPLE biochip can be used for molecular-level medical diagnostics of many different diseases,” Lee explains, citing for example malaria, Ebola, or dengue. The chip's layout also could make it possible to perform tests for multiple diseases on the same chip.
The chip's materials and reagents cost less than $10 per device, the researchers report, and mass production could drive down the price further. The scientists envision using the device in rural third-world country villages that lack centralized laboratories, electricity, medical personnel, and the funds for costly equipment.
Right now, the chip's results are analyzed using a benchtop microscope. “In the future, I would be interested to see if they can detect the signal without the need for an external microscope,” says Sia. The researchers say they plan to integrate a simple, low-cost, handheld imaging device with the chip, and to conduct field trials.
Eventually they'd also like to pre-load all of the reagents into the chip so that users only have to add the blood samples. Lee aspires to create an advanced version of his team's lab-on-a-chip that can genetically analyze blood samples in just five minutes, he says.
Afghan insurgent and former prime minister Gulbadin Hikmatyar has told Aljazeera that Usama Bin Laden is alive and well. Hikmatyar, once the recipient of 20 percent of all the funds disbursed by US intelligence for fighting the Soviets, is now fighting US troops in eastern Afghanistan. He condemned bombings against the Pakistani military, saying that only foreign, non-Muslim troops should be targeted. He also said his group refuses to coordinate with the Haqqani Network, a rival fundamentalist militia. He said that US troops could be given safe passage to leave Afghanistan if they would agree to go.
Online News reports of Hikmatyar: “he said that Taliban government came to end in Afghanistan due to the wrong strategy of Al-Qaeeda.”
This open criticism of Bin Laden by Hikmatyar points to a larger split between al-Qaeda on the one hand, and the Taliban & other insurgents on the other.
Analysts worried about al-Qaeda taking back over Qandahar should consider another possibility, which is that the neo-Taliban and neo-Mujahidin won't be so stupid as to tolerate Arab al-Qaeda types in Afghanistan. As Hikmatyar noted, the mass murderers after all got Mulla Omar overthrown and exiled.
Note that the old Taliban and other insurgents are alleged by the US to control 10-15 percent of Afghanistan. Yet Jim Jones says there are less than 100 al-Qaeda operatives in Afghanistan.
Ipso facto neo-Talibanism does not imply the return of al-Qaeda.
Meanwhile, on Tuesday NATO announced that it had killed 140 Taliban in the northern Qunduz province during the first week of November.
As the nation awaits President Barack Obama's decision on Afghanistan strategy, it should not be forgotten that the country's poor and displaced face a hard and sometimes fatal winter. The Australian ABC reports:
Also, check out two recent strong essays on Afghanistan at Tomdispatch.com, by Nick Turse and by Dahr Jamail and Sarah Lazare.
End/ (Not Continued)
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The US will never waiver in its support of Israel, its most cherished ally, US Vice President Mike Pence said on Monday at the 12th annual Christians United for Israel summit in Washington.
“Let me say with confidence to all who are gathered here and to all the watching world: President Trump and I stand without apology for Israel today. We will stand without apology for Israel tomorrow and President Donald Trump and I will stand with Israel always. Of that you may be assured,” the keynote speaker said, receiving a standing ovation.
Pence reiterated that feeling many times throughout his nearly 30-minute speech, saying what an unbelievable honor it was to serve as vice president under a leader who was so committed to defending faith, restoring freedom and especially strengthening America's unbreakable bond with the Jewish state and the Jewish people.“Standing in Jerusalem, in that ancient and holy city, our president declared for all the world to hear that under his leadership the United States of America ‘will always stand with Israel,'” he added. “President Trump and I stand with Israel for the same reason every freedom-loving American stands with Israel, because her cause is our cause, her values are our values and her fight is our fight.”Pence said the Trump administration's support wasn't hollow words, and he had already done so much to rebuild the relationship that had been fractured under president Barack Obama's tenure. For example, Pence said, Trump had appointed US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley and US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman, who both have proven already that things are going to run differently than how they ran in the previous eight years.But regarding moving the embassy, the one decision in which some in the audience were most disappointed, Pence said that this too would change, it is only a matter of time.“To the men and women of Christians United for Israel, this president hears you. This president stands with you,” he said. “And I promise you that the day will come when President Donald Trump moves the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. It is not a question of if, it is only when.”Pence also praised Israel for turning the desert into an oasis.“Anyone with eyes to see and ears to hear must acknowledge that Israel is a living testimony to the power of hope over hate and so will she always be,” he said.Earlier in the day, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke similar words to Pence, via a live satellite feed from Jerusalem.“America has no better friend than Israel and Israel has no better friend than America,” Netanyahu said. “And Israel has no better friend in America than you.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
“The Internet is a series of tubes,” the late Sen. Ted Stevens infamously remarked in a 2006 speech on net neutrality. The quote quickly went viral, harshly mocked by the “Daily Show” and dozens of amateur YouTube users.
But Stevens was kind of right. The physical structure that gets Internet data from one point to another is, in fact, a bunch of tubes, or submarine cables. And you can see exactly what those cables look like in a very cool, interactive map released today by data firm Telegeography. It shows the network of 188 existing and planned submarine cables used to carry Internet data (you can play with an interactive version of the map here):
Only 10 percent of Internet traffic currently moves through satellites. So this actually is a pretty good map of how most of the Internet's data travels: through more than a half-million mile of privately owned, three-inch thick, submarine cables (and, once those hit land, above-ground cables).
Sometimes, the tubes that carry the Internet break. The causes can range from natural disruptions — an undersea earthquake, for example — to ship anchors digging up cables. The most common problem is fishing nets dragging cables up, although the cables have also had to fend off sharks (shark bites cause damage to Internet cables every year, according to the International Cable Protection Committee). Serious damage can break the tubes; a 2006 underwater earthquake off the coast of Taiwan, for example, brought service there to a screeching halt. There is actually a whole fleet of ships dedicated to fixing the Internet's damaged cables. Popular Mechanics wrote a fascinating story about them a few years ago. The ships use sonar, video cameras and a multimillion-dollar remotely operated vehicle affectionately named “The Beast” to locate and fix damaged cables.
So, the late Sen. Stevens was pretty accurate in describing the Internet as a series of tubes — and probably among the most important and best-cared-for tubes out there.
Martin Buber wrote a book that in English has been called I and Thou. Thou is a tragically misleading translation: thou is distant, archaic, a remnant of a time of kings and lords, of Shakespeare and of King James. Buber's book did not intend this distance, instead, he intended to convey the most intimate and closest relation possible when he said, in German, du. Lover's whispers and mother's lullabies say You, friends call out to You, even the clerk at the corner store greets You. No one says thou in the ordinary course of their day, but You surround us.
We are also surrounded by It, by things. It is from the durability of these things that a world of use emerges, a world of safety, security, and sureness. We count on things, our lives depend on things, things can make us comfortable. Things are everywhere.
Martin Buber describes a twofold world that emerges from out of the twofold attitudes of human being. This duality unfolds from out of what Buber calls the basic words, which are word pairs, there is I-It and there is I-You. “Basic words … by being spoken they establish a mode of existence.” I-It establishes a mode of existence as experience, as an experience of some particular thing, of an object. I-You establishes a mode of relation, one stands within a mode of relation and a relation is between an and a. Saying It or You establish the world of It or of You.
It world is not only a world of experience and objectivity, but also a world of use and order. Experience divides things into discrete quanta in a Cartesian space time grid, and It divides things into categories of usefulness, of purpose. It world has been the object of study of modern philosophy, and if You are familiar with Kant you will correctly hear a connection between what Buber and Kant both call erfahrung, experience.
It world combines “experience, which constitutes this world ever again, and use, which leads it towards its multifarious purpose — the preservation, alleviation, and equipment of human life.” The ability to confront a world of discrete things is an indispensable aspect of human life and survival. The objectification of the world of experience is not evil, but, “when man lets it have its' way, the relentlessly growing It-world grows over him like weeds, his own I lose its actuality, until the incubus over him and the phantom inside him exchange the whispered confession of their need for redemption.” We can neither do without It world, nor can we, if we wish to live without despair, spend all of our lives in the experience of objects.
Albrecht Dürer — “Pine” (1495)
Buber speaks about the many ways that you can contemplate a tree. You “can accept it as a picture, a rigid pillar in a flood of light” and experience the tree aesthetically as some beautiful thing. It is also possible to “feel it as a movement, the flowing veins around a sturdy striving core” and to experience the tree as a living process. A tree can be seen merely as an “instance” of its species. You can further abstract from the actual presence of the tree and “recognize it only as an expression of … those laws according to which a constant opposition of force is continually adjusted” or, “dissolve it into a number, into a pure relation between numbers.” All of these ways of contemplating a tree separate a discrete chunk of experience from the tree that is before us in body no less than a carpenter who is only looking for material to put to use. “But it can also happen, if will and grace are joined, that as I contemplate the tree I am drawn into a relation, and the tree ceases to be an”.
Buber makes it clear that as the tree ceases to be an It is does not lose any of the aspects of experience that we were but a moment ago contemplating. When a tree is addressed as a all of those myriad experiences of the tree are joined. When we leave It world we leave behind the separation that It world allows, instead, we confront the tree exclusively and indivisibly. What is true of the tree is equally true of every he or she or it that has been divided from the presencing world. “He is no longer He or She, limited by other Hes and Shes, a dot in the world grid of space and time, nor a condition that can be experienced and described, a loose bundle of named qualities. Neighborless and seamless, he is You and fills the firmament. Not as if there were nothing but he; but everything else lives in his light.”
When a person says You, and really means You, the that speaks enters into an immediate and intimate relation with the. Just as the one addresses fills the world “The basic word I-You can only be spoken with ones whole being.” It should be clear that when relating to a tree no less than to a person, that this is no meeting of souls, but if there is soul, it too is collected into a total present I'm relating to a full present You. No things, means or divisions penetrate the relation, the whole of Being is gathered in unison. This is not a mystical fairy tale, but the life of the body, the development of both the human race and of every single human being.
“In the beginning is the relation.” To show the priority of relation over experience Buber looks to the sentence-words of “primitive peoples” whose objective world of experience has not begun to overwhelm the relation from out of which it grows.
“The Fuegian surpasses analytic wisdom with a sentence-word of seven syllables that literally means: ‘they look at each other, each waiting for the other to offer to do that which both desire but neither wishes to do.' In this wholeness persons are embedded like reliefs without achieving the fully rounded independence of nouns or pronouns. What counts is not these products of analysis and reflection but the genuine original unity, the lived relationship.”
The primitive sentence, Buber admits, is only a suggestion of the truly primal, before an emerge from the “original relational event [where] the primitive man speaks the basic word I-You in a natural, as it were still unformed manner, not yet having recognized himself as an I.”
The emergence of the in the truly primal human is echoed in the development of every child born into, and who must learn to live in, the modern world. In the womb every child lives in a pure natural association with the mother, both bodily and in “the life horizon” the child exists entirely in relation to the mother. However, “the womb in which it dwells is not solely that of the human mother” rather “every developing child rests, like all developing being, in the womb of the great mother — the undifferentiated, not yet formed primal world.” Buber points to this original relation as the inspiration for the great wealth of myths, whose exact details vary the world over, but which all speak of the origin of the world from out of the womb of the great mother goddess.
DENVER (Reuters) - Colorado has become the first state to pass legislation regulating companies such as Uber and others that let the public hail rides from drivers via smartphone apps.
Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper lays out his plans for the next state legislative session at a news conference in his office at the Capitol in Denver December 19, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
Officials are grappling with how to regulate the fast growth of rides-on-demand services, which have drawn opposition from taxi and limousine operators who say the tech companies have an unfair advantage because they don't face the same rules.
Colorado's law, which passed with bipartisan support and was signed by Governor John Hickenlooper on Thursday, requires companies to carry $1 million in liability insurance, have their drivers pass background checks and their vehicles inspected by certified mechanics.
The measure's Republican sponsor, Libby Szabo, said the emerging technology is “a great example of entrepreneurship.”
“The necessary safety regulations will be in place and these new, innovative transportation services will have the freedom to expand in Colorado,” she said.
In a statement accompanying the bill-signing, Hickenlooper, a Democrat, said he remained concerned that the companies will be allowed to conduct their own background checks.
“We ask the (Public Utilities Commission) staff ... to monitor this issue over time and report any identified problems,” he said.
Uber said on Friday it raised $1.2 billion in a funding round which valued the service at more than $18 billion - one of the highest price tags ever for a Silicon Valley startup.
In a blog post, the company was fulsome in its praise for Colorado's lawmakers, who it said had passed legislation that supported consumer choice and empowered small-business owners.
“With a vision for innovation, they resisted the misinformation and efforts of special interests and instead, proactively reached across the aisle to develop sensible regulations that allow ridesharing to thrive,” Uber said.
Uber was founded in 2009 by two U.S. technology entrepreneurs, Travis Kalanick and Garrett Camp, and has expanded to operate in 128 cities across 37 countries.
This post is by T. J. Hazen, Principal Data Scientist Manager at Microsoft.
As part of the Liebherr household appliances division's digital initiative, Liebherr and Microsoft are collaborating in the development of Liebherr's new generation of the SmartDeviceBox. This is a communication module which fits into Liebherr refrigerators and freezers, connecting them to the internet. The system is designed to have a long lifecycle: Modular units can be integrated and upgraded at any time in existing SmartDevice-ready appliances to create value and comfort for customers through new digital features and solutions.
With the SmartDevice capability, future Liebherr refrigerators will help in shopping and planning meals with intelligent food management. Stored groceries can be monitored using internal cameras and object recognition technology. This process not only captures images for viewing but also recognizes individual food items inside the refrigerator. This information flows automatically into an inventory list, which lets the customer see quickly and clearly what is in the refrigerator from anywhere. Using the SmartDeviceBox voice module, additional groceries can be added to a shopping list that customers can access when on the move using an app for iOS, Android or Windows devices.
Microsoft is providing computer vision capability as part of this collaboration. As a leading innovator of deep learning algorithms for image processing, illustrated by our winning entries in the 2015 ImageNet object detection challenge, Microsoft's deep learning technology is now the cornerstone of a wide variety of products, including the Microsoft Cognitive Services Computer Vision API which can – among other things – annotate new images with a wide variety of generic category labels and object tags. The underlying state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms themselves are also available within Microsoft's open source Computational Network Toolkit (CNTK) and can be used to build custom models for new use cases.
Using the deep learning algorithms contained within CNTK, Microsoft data scientists worked with Liebherr to build a new image processing system to detect specific food products present inside a Liebherr refrigerator. Starting with a general purpose computer vision model learned from millions of generic images, the Microsoft system can learn to recognize new types of objects – milk cartons, ketchup bottles, pickle jars and much more – from example images. When a new image from inside a refrigerator is provided to the newly learned model, it can detect the presence of the objects it has seen before during training. The image result below shows an example image with labels of the food products detected (and confidence levels) overlaid.
Although the current system is a prototype, the deep learning technology it uses is already very powerful and rapidly maturing. Liebherr and Microsoft are actively improving these technologies to turn the newest generation of refrigerators into smart appliances that don't just cool your food but interactively help you with your food management.
TJ
Fernando Torres has his mind made up about where he wants to be playing after the current season is over. The striker spoke about his future and other topics during the presentation Jack and Jones' autumn-winter 2015 collection today.
What sensations did Sunday's derby leave you with?
With the sensation that we'd let two points slip. But I have to say that the more players you throw into attack, the greater the chance of being caught on the break. I don't know whether if the match had gone on for another 10 minutes, it might have ended better or worse for us. We put more effort into winning the game – and more passion, we had more chances... But a point helps us to stay in the top part of the table, and that´s how we should look at it.
Were you surprised that Madrid retreated in the second half?
I think we should admire the game Atlético played and the way we didn't allow Madrid to play their game. They were obliged to drop back because Atlético pushed them back.
Why didn't you take the penalty?
I wasn't chosen to take it. I would have been delighted to have brought up my 100th goal for Atlético. What a way that would have been to reach three figures.
You know Benítez very well; is he as defensive as they say?
I know him quite well; we've spent almost four years together at different clubs and no way is he a defensive manager. If they let him get on with his job they will start to see some very good results.
Your loan contract expires at the end of the season; would you like to stay on at Atlético?
It's no secret that I want to continue at Atlético. When we sit down to talk about the future, if Atlético feel the same as I do, everything will be fairly easy and straightforward.
How is your relationship with Simeone? Is it the same as before or has it cooled?
With El Cholo, I've shared the same changing room as teammates; I have watched him play as a fan from the stands... Sometimes it's difficult to separate a professional relationship from the one you once had as players on the same team. I respect him 100 per cent for what he has done for this club. We have a purely professional relationship. I know that it was him who asked for my return and what he did to ensure I came back. I am where I want to be. Obviously I train every day because I always want to play but what happens after that isn't down to me. The idea of being able to achieve great things at Atleti with Simeone comes before everything else.
In New York Times editorial, first female secretary of state says her remarks at a Hillary Clinton campaign event came at ‘the wrong time'
Madeleine Albright 'did not mean to tell the large number of women to go to hell'
The first female secretary of state, Madeleine Albright, has said she did not mean to tell “a large number of women to go to hell” at a Hillary Clinton campaign event last week.
Clinton seeks to build on old strengths as campaign rolls into South Carolina Read more
At the New Hampshire event, Albright deployed a rhetorical flourish she has used thousands of times before, saying: “There's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other.”
Albright's comment was seen, however, as a condemnation of women who do not support Clinton's run for the Democratic nomination. In New Hampshire, Clinton was soundly beaten by Senator Bernie Sanders.
“I absolutely believe what I said, that women should help one another, but this was the wrong context and the wrong time to use that line,” Albright wrote in a New York Times editorial published on Friday.
Albright began the column by saying that because of her career as a diplomat, “one might assume I know better than to tell a large number of women to go to hell”. But she admitted “that is essentially what I did” in New Hampshire.
Albright said the comment was not meant as an argument for women to support a candidate on lines of gender alone, but added that she understood why it was seen as a condemnation of people who do not support Clinton.
In the Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary, many younger women supported Sanders.
Albright went on to explain how, despite significant progress for women's rights, the young women she meets today are still fighting for gender equality.
“What concerns me is that if we do not pay careful attention to this history, the gains we have fought so hard for could be lost, and we could move backward,” she said.
Albright said it would be easier to obtain gender equality with a female president and that Clinton is a “viable female presidential candidate”.
She said that while voters will make their decision on issues that are not just related to gender, she is “concerned by the tone of the debate about the many problems that specifically affect women”.
“We cannot be complacent, and we cannot forget the hard work it took us to get to where we are,” Albright said.
Albright spoke at the New Hampshire event one day after the feminist writer Gloria Steinem seemed to imply that young women support Sanders because they want to be close to “boys”.
Sanders and Clinton pitch for black and Latino votes in upcoming contests Read more
Together, these comments seemed to divide the feminism of today from the feminism of previous decades.
Steinem quickly apologized for her comments and clarified that she had not meant to imply that “young women aren't serious in their politics”.
Albright specifically addressed younger women in her editorial.
“I would argue that because of what is at stake, this is exactly the time to have a conversation about how to preserve what women have gained, including the right to make our own choices, and how to move forward together,” Albright said.
“I would welcome an informed dialogue that crosses generations. We have much to learn from one another.”
A total ban on wearing burkas in public could be illegal and violate human rights, France's highest administrative body has concluded.
Faiza Silmi, a 32-year-old Moroccan, walks in Le Mesnil-Saint-Denis, southwest of Paris. France's highest administrative body has concluded that a total ban of the type of full-body veil she's wearing could be illegal. ((Christophe Ena/Associated Press))
Such a ban on the full-body garment often worn by Muslim women risks violating the French Constitution as well as the European human rights convention, the Council of State said in a report released Tuesday.
Even a limited ban would be difficult to enforce and should be avoided, reported the council, which advises the French government on proposed legislation and studies public policy issues upon request.
However, the council did say that rules requiring the face to be uncovered could be justified in some situations, for security reasons or when knowing the age or sex of the person is important.
The report is the latest development in President Nicolas Sarkozy's efforts to ban burkas after he told the French in June that such garb was "not welcome" in France.
A parliamentary commission examined the issue for six months last year before making 15 recommendations in a report in January. That panel refrained from recommending a ban on face-covering veils.
Ban's legal basis disputable: council
Determined not to give up, Fillon asked the Council of State on Jan. 29 to study the issue further as a precaution to make sure that any possible bill would be legal even before it were voted by parliament.
The council determined that "no indisputable legal basis for a general and absolute ban on wearing a complete face-covering veil as such could be found," the report said. The council also concluded that a ban on covering the face regardless of the type of dress also would run into legal hurdles.
Wearing a full-body veil already is forbidden in some cases: for public servants exercising their duties, in schools or in businesses where it would interfere with work, for example.
Beyond that, the council found that presenting an uncovered face could be required and would have a solid legal foundation in other situations, too: those involving public security, for example, and in places where the sale of certain items requires age verification such as courts, polling stations, city hall, or the exits of schools when children are being picked up, among others.
An uncovered face could be required in hospitals, public toilets and swimming pools where it is necessary to know the sex of the person entering, the report said.
Establishments that sell alcohol, cigarettes and guns could also be required to sell only to people whose faces are not covered, the report said.
Appearance in public with a covered face also could be banned in certain train stations, department stores during the holiday season, fairs and street markets, the report said.
The burka issue is divisive in France.
Many conservatives, including Sarkozy, favour a restrictive ban, while others say women should be free to wear what they want.
Villagers in India are being applauded for "their exemplary restraint and positive conservation attitude" after saving a tiger that got trapped in a barbed-wire fence.
The female tiger was discovered on a coffee plantation in the village of Nidugumba on Dec. 4 with her left paw snarled in the metal barbed wire, according to the Wildlife Conservation Society. Coffee planter Sullimada Muthanna and others in the community called authorities and prevented the tiger from being harassed by those gathered around while they waited for help to arrive, according to the Deccan Herald.
SCROLL FOR PHOTO
Veteranarians and forest rangers from the Nagarahole National Park arrived on the scene, tranquilized the tiger and untangled her from the fence. She was brought to the Mysore Zoo for further treatment.
“WCS India applauds the village of Nidugumba for their exemplary restraint and positive conservation attitude, and compliments the staff and officers of the Karnataka Forest Department for their model handling of a situation that could easily have turned into a tragedy for the tiger as well as humans,” Dr. Ullas Karanth, WCS Director for Science - Asia, said in a news release. “Too often, in situations involving a large predator that is accidentally cornered in human-dominated landscapes, people can swiftly form mobs and attack the animal as well as impede forest officials handling the situation. This often ends tragically with the death of the big cat and sometimes injuries to people and forest staff.”
Nidugumba is located less than a mile away from Nagarahole National Park, according to the Deccan Herald. The park is home to about 10 to 12 tigers per 100 square kilmoeters.
The WCS is the world's leader in tiger conservation, increasing tiger numbers in targeted locations around the globe. Over half the world's tiger population resides in India, according to the Wildlife Protection Society of India. A 2011 report estimated the number of wild tigers in India at just 1,571.
If you would like to make a donation in support of saving some of the Earth's most spectacular and imperiled wildlife, please visit the Wildlife Conservation Society.
There's still plenty to learn. From The Wall Street Journal (sub. req.):
The CIA's secret interrogation program has made extensive use of outside contractors, whose role likely included the waterboarding of terrorist suspects, according to testimony yesterday from the CIA director and two other people familiar with the program. Many of the contractors involved aren't large corporate entities but rather individuals who are often former agency or military officers. However, large corporations also are involved, current and former officials said. Their identities couldn't be learned…. According to two current and former intelligence officials, the use of contracting at the CIA's secret sites increased quickly in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, in part because the CIA had little experience in detentions and interrogation. Using nongovernment employees also helped maintain a low profile, they said.
The use of contractors continues, CIA Director Michael Hayden has admitted. That led Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) to ask Attorney General Michael Mukasey for an answer as to whether it is legal for contractors to employ “enhanced interrogation techniques,” a question he said he didn't know the answer to during the hearing last week. That letter is below.
China is already dealing with declines in tourism due to its notoriously poor pollution levels, but there's a different kind of cleanliness the government thinks might matter even more.
According to the National Tourism Administration, cleaner public toilets stand to make a serious impact on tourism rates over the next several years.
In December 2016, the NTA announced it was committing $290 billion over the next four years to upgrading 100,000 public toilets in the country's hollowed-out rust belts - regions where factories and coal mines once boomed, but have since caused economic output to wane.
The NTA sees an opportunity to turn the old rust belt region into a profitable one rooted in tourism. China expects the so-called "toilet revolution" to help boost economic growth from 10.8% in 2015 to 12% by 2020.
As Linda Poon notes for City Lab, public toilets are as much a perk for tourists as they are necessities for locals.
One of the defining features of rural life in China is the pit toilet. Essentially a concrete slab with a hole, these toilets need to be manually emptied to prevent waste from accruing and posing serious public health risks. People who use these toilets are exposed to unclean water, which is widespread in China's underground wells and can lead to life-threatening infectious disease.
"From my point of view, this shows how water is the biggest environmental issue in China," Dabo Guan, a sanitation expert from East Anglia University, told the New York Times.
The NTA's goal is to make rural areas more like sparkling Beijing, if not for their high-tech luxuries then simply their baseline cleanliness. Many bathrooms in China's capital are equipped with Wifi and TVs. In certain outskirts, residents have yet to see rudimentary plumbing.
The administration also expects the investments to increase the number of visitors to China from 4 billion in 2015 to 6.4 billion by 2020 - a combination of toilet upgrades and beautifying projects that will turn hollowed-out coal cities into public parks.
NOW WATCH: China just opened a massive floating walkway that's 2X longer than Manhattan Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Given China's history with toilet revolutions - this one is actually the latest of several, dating back to the 1960s - there will likely be more to come. Even with 50 years to bring basic sanitation to the masses, catering to more than a billion people still takes time.
After sticking with essentially the same lineup for their first two Pacific Nations Cup matches, Eagles' Head Coach Mike Tolkin was looking to experiment as the USA took on Tonga. While the USA's first XV is taking shape nicely, there are a lot of question marks in the reserves. Today's match was an open test of the USA's depth. Unfortunately for Tolkin, many of those questions still remain as the Eagles put in a sloppy performance in a 33-19 loss to Tonga. The score line was flattered by two late USA tries.
The USA struggled to build any sort of momentum as they dropped the ball, made poor passes, and fumbled most of their possession away to a Tongan side more than willing to punish the Eagles for their mistakes. Tonga got two tries from Fetu'u Vainikolo and 18 points off of the boot of Kurt Morath as they controlled the scoreboard from start to finish against the Eagles.
Vainikolo kicked off the scoring with a scintillating near-length of the field try on a counterattack, the defense contributing to his solo effort with three missed tackles. The Eagles bounced back shortly after with a penalty kick from Folau Niua to cut Tonga's lead to 7-3. Morath added his first of four penalties a few minutes later as Tonga extended their lead to 10-3.
Morath added two more penalties to give Tonga a 16-3 lead going into the half. The game was far from decided, but Tonga looked the more polished of the two teams.
Niua gave the USA a bit of hope with a penalty goal just into the second half to cut the score to 16-6. This time around, Tonga answered with a converted try from Telusa Veainu to push their lead to 23-6. Morath added another penalty to give Tonga a 20 point lead before Niua slotted another penalty for the USA to put the score at 26-9. Niua kept the scoreboard ticking, but the USA was desperately in need of tries to cut into Tonga's lead.
Vainikolo dealt the finishing blow to the USA with his second try of the day when Tonga found an overload deep in the Eagle half. The conversion finished out Tonga's scoring for the match as they held a commanding 33-9 lead.
Despite their poor play throughout the match, the USA made the scoreboard look better with two Andrew Durutalo tries in the last ten minutes. The first try was off of a nice rolling maul and the second started from another maul. The two tries from Durutalo gives him three of the four tries the USA have scored in the PNC this season.
Tonga finishes pool play in the PNC with a 2-1 record while the USA falls to 1-2. Both teams will be back in action at the PNC Finals Day on March 8th.
USA 19
Tries – A. Durutalo 2 (70, 80)
Pens – F. Niua 3 (13, 47, 58)
TONGA 33
Tries – F. Vainikolo 2 (4, 64), T. Veainu (52)
Cons – K. Morath 3 (5, 53, 65)
Pens – K. Morath 4 (16, 24, 37, 55)
USA
1 M. Moeakiola (E. Fry 48 {N. Wallace 78}) 2 P. Thiel (capt.) (Z. Fenoglio HT) 3 C. Baumann 4 L. Stanfill (H. Smith 17) 5 G. Peterson 6 C. Dolan (A. Durutalo 59) 7 S. LaValla 8 A. McFarland 9 S. Suniula 10 T. L'Estrange (M. Petri 50) 11 Z. Test 12 A. Suniula 13 F. Niua 14 B. Thompson 15 T. Hall
TONGA
1 S. Tonga'uiha (S. Taumalolo 48) 2 E. Taione (S. Sakalia 71) 3 H. Aulika 4 U. Kolo'ofai 5 J. Tu'ineau 6 S. Mafi (capt.) 7 J. Ram 8 V. Fihaki (H. T-Pole 63) 9 T. Takulua (S. Ma'ake 71) 10 K. Morath 11 F. Vainikolo 12 A. Fatafehi (L. Fosita 48) 13 S. Piukala 14 T. Veainu 15 O. Katoa (V. Lilo 59)
The spring equinox, celebrated in Iran and many across Asia as the start of a new year or Nowrooz, is used annually by President Obama as an opportunity to "speak directly to the people of Iran".
This year has been no different and Obama's text, garnished though it is with expressions of "hope" and "promise", again boils down to the same basic message - condemnation of the Iranian government.
The government in London and European authorities have also taken the opportunity to resume the rhetoric and up the sanctions pressures.
These message to Iran come in the same week that Israeli forces killed a civilian family in Gaza, Bahraini troops and their Saudi re-inforcements persecuted pro-democracy protesters even as far their hospital beds, the Saudi government tried to bribe it's people to keep quiet, and the Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen presided over the massacre of his own citizens with no apparent sense of regret.
I don't think I'm alone in looking at these events, and the policies being pursued in Libya, and wondering whether there is actually any logic or consistency in the actions being taken by the EU and Washington.
For one thing, if the "international community", as it likes to call itself, is truly in favour of democracy and human rights in these countries, why is the EU defending Bahrain's government?
In the Washington Post, Eugene Robertson outlines the nature of the conundrum, but once again it takes the peerless crew on "The Daily Show" to put it all in the clearest context.
While analyzing the components of Duqu, we discovered an interesting anomaly in the main component that is responsible for its business logics, the Payload DLL. We would like to share our findings and ask for help identifying the code.
Code layout
At first glance, the Payload DLL looks like a regular Windows PE DLL file compiled with Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 (linker version 9.0). The entry point code is absolutely standard, and there is one function exported by ordinal number 1 that also looks like MSVC++. This function is called from the PNF DLL and it is actually the “main” function that implements all the logics of contacting C&C servers, receiving additional payload modules and executing them. The most interesting is how this logic was programmed and what tools were used.
The code section of the Payload DLL is common for a binary that was made from several pieces of code. It consists of “slices” of code that may have been initially compiled in separate object files before they were linked in a single DLL. Most of them can be found in any C++ program, like the Standard Template Library (STL) functions, run-time library functions and user-written code, except the biggest slice that contains most of C&C interaction code.
Layout of the code section of the Payload DLL file
This slice is different from others, because it was not compiled from C++ sources. It contains no references to any standard or user-written C++ functions, but is definitely object-oriented. We call it the Duqu Framework.
The Framework
Features
The code that implements the Duqu Framework has several distinctive properties:
Everything is wrapped into objects
Function table is placed directly into the class instance and can be modified after construction
There is no distinction between utility classes (linked lists, hashes) and user-written code
Objects communicate using method calls, deferred execution queues and event-driven callbacks
There are no references to run-time library functions, native Windows API is used instead
Objects
All objects are instances of some class, we identified 60 classes. Each object is constructed with a “constructor” function that allocates memory, fills in the function table and initializes members.
Constructor function for the linked list class.
The layout of each object depends on its class. Some classes appear to have binary compatible function tables but there is no indication that they have any common parent classes (like in other OO languages). Furthermore, the location of the function table is not fixed: some classes have it at offset 0 of the instance, but some does not.
Layout of the linked list object. First 10 fields are pointers to member functions.
Objects are destroyed by corresponding “destructor” functions. These functions usually destroy all objects referenced by member fields and free any memory used.
Member functions can be referenced by the object's function table (like “virtual” functions in C++) or they can be called directly. In most object-oriented languages, member functions receive the “this” parameter that references the instance of the object, and there is a calling convention that defines the location of the parameter – either in a register, or in stack. This is not the case for the Duqu Framework classes – they can receive “this” parameter in any register or in stack.
Member function of the linked list, receives “this” parameter on stack
Event driven framework
The layout and implementation of objects in the Duqu Framework is definitely not native to C++ that was used to program the rest of the Trojan. There is an even more interesting feature of the framework that is used extensively throughout the whole code: it is event driven.
There are special objects that implement the event-driven model:
Event objects, based on native Windows API handles
Thread context objects that hold lists of events and deferred execution queues
Callback objects that are linked to events
Event monitors, created by each thread context for monitoring events and executing callback objects
Thread context storage manages the list of active threads and provides access to per-thread context objects
This event-driven model resembles Objective C and its message passing features, but the code does not have any direct references to the language, neither does it look like compiled with known Objective C compilers.
Event-driven model of the Duqu Framework
Every thread context object can start a “main loop” that looks for and processes new items in the lists. Most of the Duqu code follow the same principle: create an object, bind several callbacks to internal or external events and return. Callback handlers are then executed by the event monitor object that is created within each thread context.
Here is an example pseudocode for a socket object:
SocketObjectConstructor {
NativeSocket = socket();
SocketEvent = new MonitoredEvent(NativeSocket);
SocketObjectCallback = new ObjectCallback(this, SocketEvent, OnCallbackFunc);
connect(NativeSocket, …);
}
OnCallbackFunc {
switch(GetType(Event)) {
case Connected: …
case ReadData: …
…}
}
Conclusions
The Duqu Framework appears to have been written in an unknown programming language.
Unlike the rest of the Duqu body, it's not C++ and it's not compiled with Microsoft's Visual C++ 2008.
The highly event driven architecture points to code which was designed to be used in pretty much any kind of conditions, including asynchronous commutations.
Given the size of the Duqu project, it is possible that another team was responsible for the framework than the team which created the drivers and wrote the system infection and exploits.
The mysterious programming language is definitively NOT C++, Objective C, Java, Python, Ada, Lua and many other languages we have checked.
Compared to Stuxnet (entirely written in MSVC++), this is one of the defining particularities of the Duqu framework.
The Duqu Framework: What was that?
After having performed countless hours of analysis, we are 100% confident that the Duqu Framework was not programmed with Visual C++. It is possible that its authors used an in-house framework to generate intermediary C code, or they used another completely different programming language.
We would like to make an appeal to the programming community and ask anyone who recognizes the framework, toolkit or the programming language that can generate similar code constructions, to contact us or drop us a comment in this blogpost. We are confident that with your help we can solve this deep mystery in the Duqu story.
Apple is officially responding to the "bendgate" controversy. Today the company told CNBC and other media outlets including The Verge that despite an uproar that's emerged online and in the media this week, it has received only nine complaints from customers who've had an iPhone 6 Plus bend through normal use. Apple says the problem is "extremely rare" and is pointing to the design of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as proof that the company took several steps to prevent bending or any permanent deformations. Both models feature steel / titanium inserts meant to reinforce potential stress points, Apple says, and the company also highlights its "ion-strengthened" glass screens as another design element that should keep iPhones from bending out of shape.
ALERT: Apple says only 9 customers have complained to the company about bent iPhones. (via @jonfortt) — CNBC Tech (@CNBCtech) September 25, 2014
The whole saga began soon after the launch of iPhone 6 Plus; images and videos suddenly appeared showing Apple's 5.5-inch phablet with a noticeable bend, and some people claimed the damage resulted simply from storing the phone in a pocket or other everyday scenarios. Since then, follow-up videos have confirmed that iPhone 6 Plus can be bent when enough force is applied, but Apple insists this isn't something customers should be worrying about. But it is happening, and not just to people clamoring for YouTube exposure. Wired's Mat Honan and Business Insider's Steve Kovach have both reported slight warping in the iPhones they've recently reviewed. For the record, our review unit iPhone 6 Plus exhibits no such issues.
All in all, it's been a rough week for the Cupertino company — for more than one reason. Even if "bendgate" is a non-story, it's getting plenty of coverage in the mainstream media and a whole ton of people are hearing about it. And Apple's completely botched rollout of iOS 8.0.1 yesterday was very real, easily qualifying as one of its worst blunders in recent memory. But Apple has pledged to right the misstep and says iOS 8.0.2 will be released sometime over "the next few days." Controversy hasn't exactly stopped Apple from selling its latest iPhones at a lightning pace. Even now, amid all the bending hysteria, iPhone 6 Plus remains sold out at most retailers. Apple's full statement, provided to The Verge, follows below.
Most Asian markets opened down on Thursday morning, following another nightmare day's trading in Europe and the US.
European governments scrambled to reassure turbulent markets after the continent's major stock exchanges plunged Wednesday amid concerns that core eurozone economies such as France and Italy were saddled with unsustainable public debt.
London's FTSE-100 index fell by 3.05 percent and in Paris the CAC-40 dropped by 5.45 percent while in Frankfurt the DAX tumbled 5.13 percent. In New York, the Dow Jones closed down 4.62 percent.
The losses came as rumors swirled that France, which currently leads the Group of Seven (G7) industrialized nations, could lose its AAA credit rating less than a week after the world's largest economy - the United States - was downgraded to AA+ for the first time in history.
France's Finance Ministry subsequently denied rumors that its top-notch credit worthiness was on the line. The rating agencies Standard & Poor's, Fitch and Moody's confirmed that France still enjoys AAA status.
French austerity
Sarkozy returned from his vacation to quell rumors of a downgrade
French President Nicolas Sarkozy broke off his vacation at his Riviera holiday home Wednesday and returned to Paris in order to announce an austerity drive, giving his finance and budget ministers a week to draft ideas that would lend credibility to France's pledge to slash deficits.
"The head of state reiterated that the commitments to reduce the public deficit are inviolable and will be adhered to no matter how the economic situation evolves," Sarkozy's office said.
The shares of French bank, however, tumbled amid fears over their exposure to the ailing economies of Italy and Greece. Société Générale plunged by 14.7 percent.
Bailout specter
In Italy, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi called parliament back early from its summer holiday in order to vote on a balanced budget amendment Thursday.
Rapidly rising rates on Italian and Spanish debt, coupled with the US downgrade, helped trigger the stock market turmoil last week. The European Central Bank (ECB) intervened to stave off a crisis and began buying the bonds off Italy and Spain, the eurozone's fourth and fifth largest economies respectively.
Trichet and the ECB have put pressure on Spain and Italy to implement austerity measures
Previously, the ECB had only intervened to secure the debt of peripheral economies under the protection of eurozone bailouts - Greece, Ireland and Portugal.
"In sum, since the fall of Lehman Brothers, this is the worst crisis since the Second World War," ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet said, referring to the 2008 collapse of the US investment bank that triggered a global financial crisis.
Trichet said the ECB had been "extremely clear" with Italy and Spain about the need to "return to a normal budgetary situation."
Meanwhile, the specter of another eurozone bailout hovered over the small island nation of Cyprus, after the rating agency Fitch downgraded the country's credit rating to BBB, dangerously close to junk status.
Fitch predicted that Cyprus would need EU financial assistance to make ends meet and that "such assistance is likely to be forthcoming."
Author: Spencer Kimball, Mark Hallam (AFP, Reuters)
Editor: Nancy Isenson
People may see you as powerful based not only on your job title or your income, but on the very words you use in conversation and speeches.
That's the conclusion from a new study on how power is signaled in interpersonal communications. Building on studies showing that people in positions of power use more abstract language (such as interpretive or visionary descriptions) than those with less clout, a trio of psychological researchers explored how people who use abstract language are perceived by others.
Over seven experiments, Cheryl J. Wakslak and Albert Han of University of Southern California and Pamela K. Smith of University of California, San Diego, found that study participants perceived individuals as more powerful when they used abstract language as opposed to concrete (detailed or specific) words.
Across the experiments, the researchers presented participants with various types of speech—phrases, sentences, short paragraphs—in a variety of contexts, and asked the participants to evaluate the communicators on various traits, including power, warmth, competence, and thinking style. In some cases, participants read descriptions of negative behaviors while others read about positive behaviors.
In one of the experiments, for example, participants read quotes from political candidates involving current trends or events, such as the economy and the Arab Spring. Participants were asked to rate their impression of the unnamed politicians based on the way they communicated their views, rather than on the views themselves.
As predicted, the politicians were rated as more powerful, and were viewed more than leaders, when quotes attributed to them were abstract versus concrete.
Across the entire series of studies, the use of abstract language that captured the gist or meaning of an event, rather than the details of what happened, led a speaker to be perceived as more powerful compared to concrete language. The experiments did not yield a similarly consistent effect on people's perceptions of warmth and competence.
Wakslak, Smith, and Han say the findings could provide some important insight to people in business, as well as politics, who want to project a powerful image. Speakers who use concrete terms to show off their knowledge will likely come across as less powerful, and therefore less able to lead, they write in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.
“Rather than focusing just on speaking to the right kind of people, or covering the right topics, we suggest it is important to think about the words one uses,” they say.
One of the most intriguing aspects of watching Cowboys organized team activities and minicamp over the last month is what Rod Marinelli has been doing with the defensive line.
The Cowboys defensive coordinator will be the first to tell you that his group didn't get enough pressure on opposing quarterbacks last season.
And since Marinelli likes to generate the majority of his pass rush with his front four, it's been interesting to see him mix and match during the open practices.
Of all the combinations he's come up with, the scariest for opposing QBs could be the group of Greg Hardy, Tyrone Crawford, Randy Gregory and DeMarcus Lawrence.
All four have the ability to be pass-rushing defensive ends in a 4-3 scheme, so getting them on the field together should create mismatches.
Here's a photo of the group during the final minicamp practice last Thursday. Lawrence is in his regular position at left end, Gregory is at right end and Hardy is inside, playing tackle alongside Crawford.
One more of Gregory, Crawford, Hardy, Lawrence lining up together pic.twitter.com/g8GYqVGf1w
- Jon Machota (@jonmachota) June 19, 2015
"This is a great opportunity for each guy to create some position flexibility and see how they do in it," Marinelli said. "We're rushing the air pretty good, so I feel pretty good about that part. But when you get in pads, that's when it counts."
Lining up four talented pass rushers together has worked well in the past for the New York Giants, winning two of the last eight Super Bowls with rotations that have included Michael Strahan, Osi Umenyiora, Justin Tuck, Mathias Kiwanuka and Jason Pierre-Paul. Dallas is hoping for similar results.
With Hardy's suspension still going through the appeals process, there's some uncertainty surrounding when he'll be able to contribute. But even without the 2013 Pro Bowler, the Cowboys have another versatile piece in Jeremy Mincey. Last season's team sack leader is capable of rushing from either end spot or moving inside.
The other ends competing for roster spots include: Jack Crawford, Ben Gardner, Ryan Russell, Kenneth Boatright, Efe Obada and Lavar Edwards.
Without seeing the group line up together in pads, Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said it's difficult to predict how effective their upgraded pass rush will be.
"Certainly we've tried to make that a point of emphasis in how we've drafted and how we addressed free agency this year," Garrett said. "I think if you look at our roster right now you see a lot of that competition and that's really good for that unit, for our defense.
"It's also good for the offensive line. When those guys break the huddle they know they're going to be challenged. We feel like we've tried to upgrade in that area and we're excited about training camp to see how those guys respond."
Cowboys Pro Bowl center Travis Frederick called it fun and challenging to practice against some of the new defensive line combinations.
"One on ones and going ones vs. ones is just a great way for us to continue to get practice and go against some real quality opponents," Frederick said. "I would just say it's different [going against the group of Lawrence, Hardy, Crawford and Gregory]. I wouldn't say it's harder. You just have to adjust how you do things."
Follow Jon Machota on Twitter:@jonmachota
On April Fools' Day the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions is holding a hearing on the Paycheck Fairness Act, sponsored by Senator Barbara Mikulski, who will reportedly chair the hearing.
The Paycheck Fairness Act, which mistakenly assumes that American women do not have paycheck fairness, lists 54 senators as cosponsors. Although it appears that the Democrats have consensus within their own caucus, they do not, because the list of cosponsors includes some who are no longer in Congress, and omits Angus King (ME), John Walsh (MT), and Bill Nelson (FL).
Senator Max Baucus is included, even though he is now Ambassador to China. Senator Frank Lautenberg is on the list, even though he is deceased. Senator William Cowan, who served for a short time as senator from Massachusetts, supports the measure. Residents of Massachusetts and New Jersey have the most bang for the buck because they each have three cosponsors, even though each state is only allowed two senators at one time.
The phony arithmetic in counting cosponsors, suitable for April Fools' Day, parallels the phony assumption of the bill, that women are systematically underpaid. The bill's introduction states, "Despite the enactment of the Equal Pay Act in 1963, many women continue to earn significantly lower pay than men for equal work."
This is a myth. Although average wages for women are lower than average wages for men, this is for many reasons. Women choose different occupations, sometimes less risky but more pleasant. Loggers' work may be of equal value to that of social workers, but companies have to pay people more to do logging because the work is dangerous and dirty.
About a quarter of employed women work part-time, and others take time off when they have children. When choice of job and time in the workforce are taken into account, studies show that women earn practically the same as men.
Women are better-educated than men. According to the Education Department, in 2010 women earned 62 percent of associate's degrees, 57 percent of bachelor's degrees, 63 percent of master's degrees, and 53 percent of doctoral degrees.
Under current law, employers cannot pay equally-situated men and women different salaries. First year computer programmers, men and women, are paid the same. So are first year medical residents. Even male and female senators on the Senate HELP committee are paid the same.
President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act in January 2009, and described it as "a simple fix to ensure fundamental fairness to American workers." The law amended Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to allow workers to argue that their current pay flows from discriminatory decisions made years back, even if the firm no longer exists, or a former boss has quit or is no longer alive.
The Paycheck Fairness Act, which did not pass even in 2009 and 2010 when Democrats controlled the House, Senate, and the White House, seeks equal pay for different jobs, which is manifestly unfair. Legislators did not pass it because by adding red tape and interfering in employers' hiring processes, the bill would slow hiring for both men and women.
What would the Act do?
The Paycheck Fairness Act would require the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to collect data from employers on workers' pay, by race, sex, and national origin, in order to equalize wages of men and women in different job classifications.
It would only allow employers to justify differences in pay between men and women on the grounds of education, training and experience only if these factors were defensible on the grounds of "business necessity." To take one example, a supermarket manager could not be paid more for her college degree if the government ruled that a college degree was not instrumental in managing the supermarket.
The bill is a gift to trial lawyers, because it changes the law to make workers opt out rather than opt in to class action suits. Currently, if workers want to join class-action suits, they have to agree to take part. Under the bill, women would be included unless they opted out. This would enable the number of class-action suits to mushroom, a cost to employers and their employees but a boon to lawyers.
Penalties that the courts could levy on employers would be heavier. Currently, employers found guilty of discrimination owe workers back pay. Under the pending bill, they would have to pay punitive damages, of which a quarter or a third typically goes to plaintiffs' lawyers.
The bill would require the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to analyze pay data and promulgate regulations to collect more, including information about the sex, race and national origin of employees, further burdening employers.
These provisions would encourage multinationals to expand overseas rather than in America. They would weigh down employers with bureaucracy and discourage hiring. All this at a time when jobs, or lack of them, top Americans' concerns.
Women are already protected against discrimination by the Equal Pay Act, but without the punitive damages so attractive to trial lawyers. They can sue within two or three years of receiving allegedly discriminatory pay, if they can show they are paid less for the same work, because the act does not require "discriminatory intent" for redress, just discrimination.
University of Maryland law professor Deborah Thompson Eisenberg, a witness at the April Fool's Day hearing, has written in a 2010 Southern Methodist University Law Review article that "the gender wage gap increases for women as they achieve higher levels of professional status."
One reason for this is that women tend to trade off career for family time, even before they have had children, as Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has written in her book Lean In. For instance, the Yale Law Women's Top Ten Family Friendly Firms Initiative ranks firms on the basis of "important family friendliness indicators such as the billable hour requirement, part-time and flex-time options, parental leave policies, and childcare availability..."
Family friendly is warm and fuzzy, but it pays less than 60 to 80 hour weeks. The focus on family is one reason that some women choose less-demanding and lower-paying jobs, resulting in the widening gender gap observed by Professor Eisenberg. But there is nothing wrong with a choice of more time at home and less at the office.
If enacted, the Paycheck Fairness Act would lead to fewer paychecks and less fairness. Americans should not be fooled on April Fools' Day.
Crucial information for better understanding the impact of microinfarcts has been proveded by a recent study by investigators at the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC). The findings show that the functional deficits caused by a single microinfarct can affect a larger area of brain tissue and last longer than was previously thought to be the case.
Overwhelming evidence exists supporting a link between cognitive decline and cerebrovascular diseases such as atherosclerosis, arteriolosclerosis, and cerebral amyloid angiopathy. Not only do individuals with cerebrovascular diseases have a much higher incidence of cortical microinfarcts (mini-strokes), but post-mortem histological and in vivo radiological studies also find that the burden of microinfarcts is significantly greater among people with vascular cognitive impairment and dementia (VCID) than in age-matched, non-demented individuals.
But until now, the mechanisms by which these miniscule lesions (~0.05 to 3 millimeters in diameter) contribute to cognitive deficits including dementia have been poorly understood.
Microinfarct Detection Difficulties
The functional effects of microinfarcts are extremely difficult to study.
Not only are most microinfarcts difficult to detect with standard neuroimaging techniques, mismatches between in vivo functional data and post-mortem histological evidence make it nearly impossible to connect microinfarcts to the timeline of cognitive decline. Andy Shih, Ph.D., Assistant Professor of Neurosciences and senior author on the article, explains:
“These infarcts are so small and unpredictable, we just haven't had good tools to detect them while the person was still alive. So, until now, we basically just had post-mortem snapshots of these infarcts at the end of the dementia battle as well as measures of the person's cognitive decline, which might have been taken years before the brain became available for study.”
Piqued by the growing evidence linking cognitive decline and microinfarct burden, Shih's group hypothesized that microinfarcts might disrupt brain function beyond what was visible by histology or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).
“Even though a person may experience hundreds of thousands of microinfarcts in their lifetime, each event is extremely small and thought to resolve in a matter of days,” said Shih. “It's been estimated that, overall, microinfarcts affect less than 2% of the entire human brain. But those estimates of tissue loss are based only on the ‘core' of the microinfarct, the area of dead or dying tissue that we can see in routine, post-mortem, histological stains.”
Cortical Microinfarcts Mouse Model
To investigate their theory of broader impacts, the team developed a mouse model so that they could examine the effects of individual cortical microinfarcts on surrounding tissue function in vivo over several weeks post-event.
“We needed a preclinical model to create very predictable lesions that we could follow over time,” said Shih. “Also, we needed to be able to obtain readouts of brain activity that were consistent over time.”
The team used photothrombosis to occlude a single arteriole in the barrel cortex of mice fitted with cranial windows. They then compared functional readouts of sensory-evoked brain activity, indicated by activity-dependent c-Fos expression or in vivo two-photon imaging of single vessel hemodynamic responses, to the location of the microinfarct core.
Post-mortem, c-Fos immunostaining revealed that an area estimated to be at least 12-times greater in volume than the microinfarct core had been affected by the event. Furthermore, in vivo, two-photon imaging of single vessel, sensory-evoked hemodynamics found that neuronal activity across the affected tissue area remained partially depressed for 14 to 17 days after the microinfarct.
Lasting Tissue Damage
Together, these data indicate that functional deficits caused by a single microinfarct occur across a much larger area of viable peri-lesional tissue than was previously understood and that the resulting deficits are much longer-lasting.
“I knew larger strokes could have distant effects, but I was surprised that something of this scale could have such a large effect,” said Shih.
The duration of effect from a single microinfarct was also a surprise for Shih's team.
“The MRI signal increased and then went away as we'd expected, but we were surprised on autopsy to see that there was still lots going on–tissue damage and neuroinflammation,” Shih explained. “Even after three weeks the neurally evoked blood flow responses had only partially recovered. So, that means a microinfarct can come and go and you can see it briefly with MRI but it leaves a lasting impression on brain function-possibly for months.”
Importantly, a person with VCID is likely to experience other microinfarcts during this recovery time. Furthermore, these tiny infarcts occur not only in the brain's grey matter, where this study was conducted, but also in the white matter, which sends messages from one part of the brain to another.
“Over time, after you have a lot of microinfarcts, there may be enough accumulated damage in the brain's circuitry to equal the impact of a larger event,” said Shih.
According to Shih, one of the most important messages from this study is that conventional methods used in clinical trials do not reveal the entire impact that microinfarcts have on brain function. He hopes that his team's contribution to illuminating microinfarct pathology will help inform MRI interpretation in humans and help researchers better explain some of the relationships that they see in clinical studies.
These findings might also lead to new preventive protocols.
“On a clinical level, maybe it's a situation where therapeutics can play a bigger role. Maybe drugs that we already have can mitigate the cumulative damage of microinfarcts,” speculated Shih. “The neuro-protective idea hasn't flown very far for acute stroke, in part, because the window of time for protecting the brain from stroke damage is very narrow. But, for microinfarcts, you don't have to know exactly when they occur. If an MRI shows a person is at high risk for microinfarcts, maybe one day we can put them on a drug for a while to reduce the impacts of these lesions.”
Image: Shelley James, Wellcome Images
More Week 6: Start 'Em and Sit 'Em – Cheat Sheet – Trade Values – Things To Know – Rankings – Streaming Options – Waiver Wire
It's on, it's off. He's in, he's out ... does anyone really know what's happening with Ezekiel Elliott and his six-game suspension? The whole thing is making my head spin, and I wish we had a definitive answer.
I'm sure Fantasy players agree.
On Saturday, news broke that despite the NFL stating Thursday that Elliott's suspension was beginning immediately, it will not start until further legal action takes place. I'm not a lawyer, but it sounds like Elliott will be playing in Week 7 at San Francisco when the Cowboys come off their bye. He might also finish out the season without missing a game.
Here is what CBS Sports NFL writer Will Brinson wrote about the latest update in Elliott's case, and you can read the full story here:
"On Thursday the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals vacated the injunction granted to the Cowboys running back by a Texas judge. The injunction kept Elliott's six-game suspension from the NFL at bay and allowed the Cowboys running back to keep playing football. The Fifth Circuit ordered the Elliott case back to New York where the NFL already has a suit pending to enforce the suspension. However, court rules allow the NFLPA seven days to file a petition for an en banc rehearing in Texas, a hearing in front of the full panel of Fifth Circuit judges. The NFLPA says it was told by the court clerk it would have 14 days to file this petition. However, less than 24 hours after vacating the injunction, the Fifth Circuit mandated the case back to New York. In response, the NFLPA filed a new motion Friday asking the fifth circuit to recall that order and let it seek further appeals in Texas. Sources tell Dash, Mazzant will not lift the injunction until the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals makes a ruling on the new motion. So, as of right now, Elliott's suspension will not be in place. However, the Cowboys are on bye this week and it is possible that the court could rule on the matter as quickly as Monday, meaning that there could be a resolution to this before anyone has to make a decision on starting or sitting Elliott in their Fantasy lineup. (Read: don't drop Alfred Morris just yet.)"
The last part is really all Fantasy owners want to know about, which is what to do with the backups in Dallas while the situation remains uncertain. When the news broke Thursday that the six-game suspension was back on, there was a mad rush to get Morris (70 percent owned on CBS Sports) and Darren McFadden (55 percent) off the waiver wire, which was understandable.
You should still plan on stashing Morris and McFadden if possible through next week until there is something definitive on Elliott's status. Even though it appears like Elliott will play against the 49ers in Week 7, as Brinson wrote, the court could rule on the matter Monday, which could put the suspension back in place.
However, if there is a player on waivers you want or need to add, especially if you're not the Elliott owner, then you can cut Morris or McFadden on Saturday night or Sunday morning with the hope to get either one back Tuesday when waivers first run next week. For example, I'd rather have Indianapolis running back Marlon Mack (69 percent or San Francisco running back Matt Breida (51 percent) than Morris or McFadden for this week.
Mack could be headed for a bigger role with the Colts going into Week 6 against Tennessee, and there's a report the 49ers are open to trading Carlos Hyde, which would be great for Breida's Fantasy outlook. I like those two scenarios better than the possibility of Morris and McFadden sharing touches should Elliott serve his suspension.
But will there even be a suspension this year? And will we get an answer soon? We just have to wait it out, but hopefully Elliott will play in Week 7 and not miss any games this season.
Matt Lauer was fired from NBC News on Wednesday after an employee filed a complaint about “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace,” the network announced.
Savannah Guthrie made the announcement at the top of the “Today” show, where Lauer has been an anchor for two decades.
NBC News chairman Andrew Lack said in a memo to staff that it was the first complaint lodged against Lauer in his career at the network. But he said “we were also presented with reason to believe this may not have been an isolated incident.”
Just last week, CBS News fired one of its own morning anchors, Charlie Rose, after a report in The Washington Post chronicled years of sexual misconduct.
Guthrie said she was informed just moments before going on the air.
“This is a sad morning at ‘Today' and NBC News,” she said. “As I'm sure you can understand, we are devastated. I'm heartbroken for Matt. He is my dear, dear colleague.”
Guthrie also said she was heartbroken for the woman who accused Lauer of misconduct, noting “it's long overdue” that women feel comfortable coming forward against abusive men.
Hoda Kotb, on the set with Guthrie, said she has known Lauer for years and “loved him as a friend and a colleague.”
“It's hard to reconcile the man who walks in everyday” with the person who was identified in the complaint. #SPMGMedia
Advertisements
Earlier this year, right-wing luminary Paul Weyrich announced that, if John McCain secured the Republican presidential nomination, he'd be voting for a third party candidate:
Paul M. Weyrich, national chairman of Sixty Votes Coalition PAC, says if the November choice is between Hillary Clinton and McCain, he would then look for a third party candidate whom he could back. This is no small matter. Weyrich has only one vote like the rest of us, but many conservatives would at least take his views into consideration when making up their own minds before casting their ballots. “I will not vote for him [McCain],” Weyrich told this column in an interview. “I can't” … Weyrich could live with other prospective GOP nominees — in a couple of cases, hopefully gaining some concessions to the conservative position. But McCain — never.
It was no surprise that Weyrich refused to support McCain, considering that the two have a long history of mutual animosity:
Weyrich told National Journal earlier this year that he questioned whether McCain had the temperament to be commander in chief because he was too hot-headed. McCain has been equally scathing. “Weyrich possesses the attributes of a Dickensian villain,” he wrote in his 2002 book, Worth the Fighting For. “Corpulent and dyspeptic, his mouth set in a perpetual sneer as if life in general were an unpleasant experience, he is the embodiment of the caricature often used to unfairly malign all religious conservatives.” McCain added: “I like to think I know a pompous, self-serving son of a bitch when I see one.”
But, of course, like just about every other right-wing leader who once declared McCain utterly unacceptable, Weyrich has changed his tune:
They only started speaking again after nineteen years. Both have been quite open in saying why they held one another in “minimum high regard.” Their animosity toward each other is well known in national political circles. But Paul Weyrich, one of the godfathers of the modern conservative movement, put all of that aside last week when he strongly endorsed John McCain for President.
And how did this come about? Because McCain once again realized it suited his political interest to grovel:
After he nailed down the Republican nomination, Weyrich [said], the Arizonan “came to my office to see me. We talked things over and he asked for my support.”
Apparently McCain decided that what his campaign desperately needed was the support of at least one more “corpulent and dyspeptic … pompous, self-serving son of a bitch.”
Danny Hayes hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth inning to lift the White Sox to a 10-7 victory over the Indians on Saturday at Goodyear Ballpark. It was the Sox's sixth homer of the game. Jake Peter and Leury Garcia singled and Nicky Delmonico walked to load the bases against Indians reliever Joseph Colon before Hayes' heroics.
At the plate: Jacob May, Cody Asche, Jose Abreu and Everth Cabrera all homered off Indians right-hander Josh Tomlin. Delmonico added a homer off Boone Logan.
On the mound: Dylan Covey, a potential rotation substitute for Carlos Rodon to open the season, pitched 3 2/3 scoreless innings, allowing three hits with one walk and three strikeouts.
In relief: Zack Burdi gave up four earned runs, including a two-run homer to Carlos Santana in the fifth.
Key number: 2 — Spring homers for Abreu. His other came Feb. 27 against the Cubs.
The quote: "My last couple of outings I was definitely feeling the stress. I was kind of pitching ... to not make a mistake instead of just going right after guys. So ... I just thought I'm just going to throw every pitch with conviction and see what happens. I got a lot of weak contact today and some swings and misses, so I felt good." — Covey
Up next: Vs. Giants, 3:05 p.m. Sunday at Camelback Ranch. LH Ty Blach vs. RH James Shields.
Soccer, or football, puts its emphasis on the human foot, largely to keep it safe now that delinquent hands are using real rocks, paper, and scissors in their games. Keep feet from falling in with a bad crowd with today's deal: for $65, you get two aqua section tickets to see Vancouver Whitecaps FC take on Real Salt Lake on October 6, 6:30 p.m. ($76.50 total value), plus two Whitecaps T-shirts ($54 value), at BC Place.
Founded in 1974, Vancouver Whitecaps FC builds on their storied history during their first Major League Soccer season with sharp passes and precise headers performed to the soundtrack of a passionate crowd's booming chants. Visitors take a seat in the aqua section behind the net and get an up close view of the keeper's reaction saves, lunging dives, and feverish diary-writing during downtime. Pull on a Whitecaps T-shirt and show support by joining in with the thousands of fans singing and hollering as Whitecaps stars such as striker Eric Hassli perform fancy footwork around a tough Real Salt Lake defense and big time midfielders such as Kyle Beckerman. With just three home matches remaining in the season, the Whitecaps look to finish a rough and tumble season strong.
BC Place continues a long tradition of Whitecaps soccer, going back to the North American Soccer League begun in the 1970s. Today the stadium is a modern work of art, boasting a retractable roof and an ultra-modern, FIFA two-star rated Polytan Ligaturf 240 RS+ all-weather turf pitch. Fans all around the stadium are also treated to close-up views via the center-hung, four-sided, high-definition video board, which is the largest in MLS and second biggest in all of North America, letting even moon-based soccer fans easily sneak a peak into all the grass-tethered action.
A strange story has emerged from the California Department of Justice. An aide to Attorney General Kamala Harris named Brandon Kiel was busted along with two friends for operating a bogus police force. The scandal hasn't touched Harris, though she is running to replace Barbara Boxer in the Senate next year. But the story does raise some questions about politics in a one-party state.
On its website, the Masonic Fraternal Police Order compares itself with other police departments: “We are born into this Organization our bloodlines go deeper then (sic) an application. . . . Our mission is to preserve the integrity, honor and legacy of our Founding Fathers, Masonic Organizations, all Grand Masters and their Constitution/By Laws.” Kiel was charged with impersonating a police officer after he reportedly began contacting legitimate police departments to alert them that the MFPO—with connections that its members claim go back to the Knights Templar and ancient Mexico—would be launching operations in their jurisdictions.
Harris can't be blamed for the bizarre MFPO episode, but the incident could foreshadow more trying times ahead for the senate hopeful. Until recently, she hadn't been running so much as strolling toward the nomination, with the blessing of the Bay Area Democratic Party machine. That began to change last week when Loretta Sanchez, a nine-term congresswoman from Santa Ana in Southern California, announced that she would challenge Harris for the nomination. Things quickly turned ugly, as Harris blasted Sanchez for allegedly insulting Native Americans. It remains to be seen if Sanchez can capitalize on Harris's problematic tenure as attorney general.
The real problem with Harris is her blind loyalty to her political allies, exemplified by her habit of assigning skewed titles and summaries to proposed statewide voter initiatives. These short descriptions—placed on measures before supporters gather signatures to qualify them for the ballot—make or break the initiatives, because they are usually the only things that voters read. When supporters of a pension-reform initiative submitted it to the attorney general in 2013, Harris attached an adverse description designed to kill it. As the Sacramento Bee put it, gently: “The wording is supposed to be neutral. But recent attorneys general, who are responsible for titles and summaries, have meddled, knowing many voters make up their minds based on the 100-word summations. Attorney General Kamala Harris has been especially freewheeling. That needs to stop.”
Another part of the attorney general's job is to approve sales of any nonprofit hospital to a for-profit operation. When the nonprofit Daughters of Charity wanted to sell six hospitals to a for-profit operator that would keep them open, Harris approved—but imposed so many costly and difficult conditions that the transaction fell through. Critics accused Harris of acting like an advocate for the SEIU, the massive union representing health-care workers that opposed the deal, rather than as an impartial representative of the people.
Like many San Francisco politicians, Harris is no friend of the Second Amendment, but even some liberals were surprised when she championed an arcane state law banning gun shops from displaying ads of handguns outside their stores. The law, passed decades ago to discourage gun ownership by Chinese and Mexican immigrants, is arguably a violation of the First Amendment. Yet Harris defended the statute as necessary to halt “impulse” gun purchases—never mind the state's longstanding 10-day waiting period.
In 2013, Harris helped secure a record $1 million fine against two conservative groups that had improperly reported the source of the funding they used to oppose one initiative proposing a tax increase and to support another limiting the ability of unions to use member dues for political purposes. Would she have been so zealous against liberal political funders? Then, as I reported in December, Harris demanded that the conservative Americans for Prosperity Foundation turn over its donor lists in order to be cleared for operation in California. Harris claimed that she would keep the information confidential. But in an early ruling in favor of AFP's First Amendment challenge to Harris's demands, U.S. District Judge Manuel Reed noted that such a promise is “entirely discretionary and could change at any moment.” Harris's office was trying to grab the names of conservative donors in a move reminiscent of the IRS's attempts to extract information from conservative nonprofits. The courts have since backed her position, but the episode reinforced one of the key allegations against Harris: that she is first and foremost a partisan.
In a one-party state such as California, these policy concerns get a shrug—and even a weird scandal involving the Knights Templar prompts little more than a chuckle. Perhaps a serious primary fight will bring more of these strange tales to light.
With so much change happening so quickly, open has emerged as a critical business tactic in achieving product excellence and scale. Opening a product to an army of creatives is the surest path to product innovation and diversity, since it allows each contributor to focus on what they do best and encourages input from the widest possible audience.
Chrome and Android, which have taken off since "The Meaning of Open" first appeared, exemplify this principle. With both, we've maintained one simple goal from the beginning: make the product as strong as it can be. As we learned time and again, no route would get us there faster or more reliably than open — more hands working on a product will only improve it. Open allows for preto-typing a concept, or testing it in the earliest stages. What's more, open systems tolerate failure better — and attract a more devoted user base. They know the primary motivation of an open system is product excellence; if the company tried to impose some other agenda on it, the developer audience would detect it immediately and revolt. In committing a product to openness, the company surrenders the ability to do anything but make it better for the user.
The results speak for themselves. If you owned a smartphone in 2006, chances are it said "Blackberry" or "Nokia" on it. Even just three years ago, Android represented a mere five percent of the market. Today, we've shot up to 51 percent, and odds are good your smartphone was made by Samsung, HTC, Motorola or another Android partner.
Android has even ended up in places we hadn't anticipated, such as TVs, cars, airplanes and even appliances (check out Ouya, a new videogame console built on Android. Without an open Android, that sort of innovation doesn't happen). The lesson seems clear now: if you're going to engage in an open system, you're forever committing to compete for your spot as primary innovator.
Open has been no less instrumental with the Chrome browser, which has been built off the open-source Chromium project. Today, Chrome is a full seven times faster than when it launched just four years ago, and new code becomes available for all the world to see as it's developed. Working in the light of day like this makes it harder to have hidden agendas or otherwise fall short; get things wrong and a global audience of developers will spot it instantly.
Making open work as a business tactic may require new organisational proficiencies. Speed is paramount, as is rigorous decision making. An open ecosystem encourages a flood of ideas, and while creating good ideas is easy, choosing among them is hard. So open can give companies a big competitive edge, but only if they are suitably positioned to take advantage of it. The alternative tactic — most notably employed by Apple and our own search teams — is to keep systems more closed, and to exercise complete control. This approach requires its own set of unique organisational skills, beyond just moving fast, since product excellence and innovation must be sourced entirely from within. Both approaches can obviously be successful, but in our experience, when it comes to building global platforms, going open is a more sure-fire path to success. "
Fortunately, a growing number of organisations have seen the writing on the wall. In Wikinomics, authors Don Tapscott and Anthony D. Williams recount the tale of Goldcorp, a Toronto gold-mining firm that, in the late '90s, appeared to be on the ropes. Facing a contracting market, a host of internal troubles and what appeared to be a picked-over mine, CEO Rob McEwen did precisely what any business textbook would say not to: he started giving away what little the company had left.
Specifically, he dumped 400 megabytes of information about Goldcorp's 55,000-acre property on the company website. Rather than jealously guard its last shreds of proprietary information, he offered over £350,000 in prize money to anyone who could use their data to, in essence, find their gold. It was a tremendous success. More than 80 percent of the targets identified by the public yielded significant quantities of gold. From that small initial investment, the company has pulled almost £2 billion worth of gold from the ground.
Of course, McEwen was merely tuning in to the deep-seated principles of the open-source movement. In the early, woolly days of the internet, an ethos of universality and egalitarianism pervaded. "Walled gardens, no matter how pleasing, can never compete in diversity, richness, and innovation with the mad, throbbing web market outside their gates," Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the World Wide Web, has written. Google has always thrived on that diversity, richness and innovation. It's what has allowed us to come out with creations like Chrome and Android—and what allowed, for similar reasons, a timeworn extraction industry to stun the world with similar successes.
Dramatic as the Goldcorp story is, it's the tip of the iceberg. Indeed, what began as a geeky concept within tech circles has spread to all corners of business, governance, healthcare, education and beyond. We at Google see a number of opportunities beyond the tech sector where open could affect improvements both small and large.
Education
From Stanford to Korea, universities and teachers around the world are beginning to give away high-quality educational content at no cost under an open copyright license. What's more, this content is increasingly available to people in the most remote locations; bandwidth and connectivity have done away with some of society's most abiding barriers to education.
From the end of a long dirt road in Mumbai, a student with a phone can now take the highest levels of coursework at MIT. Just as excitingly, that student can also become a teacher. Thanks to truly democratising entities like the non-profit Khan Academy, an online repository of over 3,000 video lectures, people around the world can both utilise and contribute to a growing library of resources, from physics lectures to finance tutorials. We already know the extent to which public education transformed society in the twentieth century. The possibilities for open online education seem just as limitless.
Governance
Claims to governmental transparency are one thing — moves like the one Canada made recently, with its formal Open Government Declaration, are another. The document recognises that open is an active state, not a passive one — it's not just that data should be free to citizens whenever possible, but that an active "culture of engagement" should be the goal of such measures.
As more municipal, state and federal governments move in this direction, there's every reason to believe it'll pay off financially. After GPS data was made publicly available in the late 1980s, for example, commercial services built on top of it are thought to have contributed £43 billion in economic value within the US. Conversely, one could argue that when the Egyptian regime shut down the internet in January 2011, it forced citizens into the streets to get more information, swelling the crowds at Tahrir Square. In that instance, it's possible that reverting to a more closed system hastened the government's demise.
Health Care
PatientsLikeMe is a social networking health site built atop the US Department of Health Services' open data. Making way for more initiatives like it could provide more patients with ways to share information and learn from others with similar conditions. Researchers, too, could benefit from greater openness in the industry.
Opening up health data would allow for the kinds of large-scale epidemiological studies that lead to substantive breakthroughs — while employing stronger safeguards than ever to ensure total patient privacy. By making its registry of birth defects available to researchers, for instance, California has allowed doctors to home in on a wealth of information about the health impact of environmental factors. And, of course, Google Flu Trends has already demonstrated how connectivity and scale can coalesce to transform what we know about a particular virus, merely by letting information be shared and collated.
Science
Researchers, institutions and funding agencies around the world are beginning to realise that greater sharing and collaboration around the results of scientific research can lead to greater speed and efficiency, higher quality research and a greater overall impact. As European Commissioner Neelie Kroes noted in a recent speech about science and openness policies in Europe, "Researchers, engineers and small businesses need to access scientific results quickly and easily. If they can't, it's bad for business."
Greater access to scientific research can stimulate innovation in the private sector and help solve the big challenges we face around the world (Google Fusion Tables is one tool scientists can use to share and collaborate on disparate sets of data). Meanwhile, open in the scientific context can mean opening research to entirely new participants. After failing for over a decade to solve the structure of a protein-cutting enzyme from an AIDS-like virus, scientists put the challenge to the gaming community. Using the online game Foldit, players solved it in three weeks.
Transportation
By opening up public transit data, governments enable entrepreneurs to build applications that run on top of that data, thereby improving the citizen experience; citizens can also use this open data to report infrastructure problems. At Google, we've already seen how this can work. When we set out to organise the world's geographical information, we found that for many places, good maps simply didn't exist. So we created MapMaker, a participatory mapping product that lets anyone create annotations to Google Maps. With that, a league of online citizen cartographers was born, charting in one two-month period over 25,000 kilometres of previously unmapped roads in Pakistan.
The technical trends converging now are poised to alter — indeed, have already begun to alter — realms that were historically closed, secretive and stagnant. "The future of government is transparency," I wrote three years ago. "The future of commerce is information symmetry. The future of culture is freedom. The future of science and medicine is collaboration. The future of entertainment is participation. Each of these futures depends on an open internet."
I'd amend that a bit. Given the radical changes we've seen in just those three years, the challenge has shifted. We must aim beyond even an open internet. Institutions in general must continue to embrace this ethos. Getting to these futures was never going to be easy — but I'm pleased to report that we're closer than ever.
Muhammed Jawad's legal battles have stretched on for the last 7 years . For a boy who may have been as young as 12 when he was picked up on an Afghan battlefield, that must feel like an eternity in custody.
He has grown up at Gitmo.
ACLU had another day in court yesterday in the Jawad case, this time arguing that evidence in the case which was coerced through torture and other impermissible means cannot be used to continue to detain him.
The judge in Jawad's military commission proceedings previously suppressed statements made by Jawad to Afghan and U.S. officials following his arrest, finding that they were the product of torture. However, the government continues to rely on those same statements in Jawad's habeas corpus challenge. "Since his arrest in 2002, Mr. Jawad has been subjected to repeated torture and other mistreatment and to a systematic program of harsh and highly coercive interrogations designed to break him physically and mentally," said Jonathan Hafetz, staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project. "The statements wrung from Mr. Jawad in Afghanistan and at Guantánamo during more than 50 interrogations do not remotely meet the standard for admissibility in a court of law."
Lest you think this is simply hyperbole, the ACLU has described what happened with Jawad from the moment of his capture forward — and remember he was a young boy at the time that all of this occurred.
The YouTube above is more detail from ACLU, along with this :
Following his arrest for allegedly throwing a grenade at U.S. soldiers, Jawad was taken to an Afghan police station where he was coerced into signing a confession written in Farsi, a language Jawad could not speak, much less read or write. In fact, Jawad was functionally illiterate even in his native language of Pashto. Once transferred to U.S. custody, Jawad was illegally rendered to Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan, where he was interrogated at least 11 times and subjected to beatings, forced into painful "stress positions," deprived of sleep, forcibly hooded, placed in isolation, pushed downstairs, chained to a wall for prolonged periods and subjected to threats of death. The U.S. later transported Jawad to Guantánamo, where he was subjected to the notorious "frequent flyer" sleep deprivation program as well as the Survival Evasion Resistance Escape (SERE) interrogation methods recently denounced in a Senate Armed Services Committee Report. Eventually, Jawad tried to commit suicide in his cell by slamming his head repeatedly against the wall….
We're still holding him at Gitmo .
The Ghailani case presents an interesting twist — he was indicted years ago in a NY federal court for involvement in embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania. But instead of being tried in federal court, the Bush Administration set him up with a military tribunal. The Obama Administration has reverted his trial to federal court, where the legal path for him first began.
And now Ghailani's counsel are challenging some aspects of his treatment while at possible CIA "black sites" after his capture, asking for preservation of evidence so that they can have experts examine it.
This article is about the 1988 Dirty Harry crime film. For other uses, see Dead pool (disambiguation)
The Dead Pool is a 1988 American action film directed by Buddy Van Horn, written by Steve Sharon, and starring Clint Eastwood as Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan.[2] It is the fifth and final film in the Dirty Harry film series, set in San Francisco, California.
The story concerns the manipulation of a dead pool game by a serial killer, whose efforts are confronted by the hardened detective Callahan. It co-stars Liam Neeson and Patricia Clarkson, with Jim Carrey in his first action dramatic role.
It is the only film in the series to not feature Albert Popwell, an actor who had played a different character in each of the previous four films.
At 91 minutes, it is the shortest of the five Dirty Harry film series. Like those films, The Dead Pool is notable for coining catchphrases uttered by Clint Eastwood's gun-wielding character, one of which is: "Opinions are like assholes; everybody has one".
Plot [ edit ]
SFPD Inspector Harry Callahan's testimony against crime kingpin Lou Janero puts the mobster in prison. Callahan becomes famous and the target of Janero's men, both of which he dislikes. After Callahan kills four attackers during an ambush, the department assigns Al Quan (Evan C. Kim) as his partner; Callahan advises him to get a bulletproof vest, as his partners often get killed. They investigate the heroin overdose death of rock singer Johnny Squares (Jim Carrey), found in his trailer during filming of a slasher film directed by Peter Swan (Liam Neeson) at the Port of San Francisco. We see that his death was not a typical overdose, but is actually murder.
Dean Madison, Swan's executive producer, is killed during a Chinatown restaurant robbery. Callahan kills four of the robbers, and Quan captures the fifth. They discover a list in Madison's pocket with Callahan and Squares's names on it, and learn that Madison and Swan are participants in a "dead pool" game, in which participants predict celebrity deaths in the Bay area: whether by accident, violence, or natural causes. Next, film critic Molly Fisher, also on Swan's list, is murdered by an intruder claiming to be Swan — causing panic among the surviving celebrities, and making Swan a suspect.
After Callahan destroys a television station's camera (filming Squares's girlfriend at the time), he must cooperate with reporter Samantha Walker (Patricia Clarkson) to avoid a lawsuit: if the famous detective agrees to a profile of his controversial career, the suit will be dropped; Callahan sees this as a ploy to exploit the danger he's in for its ratings value. Yet after they survive another attack by Janero's men, the incident and her own unwillingness to be the subject of news coverage cause Walker to reconsider the dangers police officers face in juxtaposition with the public's right to know.
At San Quentin State Prison, where Janero is serving his sentence, Callahan uses triple murderer Butcher Hicks to threaten Janero if anything happens to him. Janero ends the attacks, and assigns two men to Callahan as his personal bodyguards.
Gus Wheeler, claiming responsibility for the murders, douses himself in gasoline and threatens to immolate himself. He is not the murderer, but an attention seeker desperate to appear on camera. Walker foils Wheeler's plan by refusing to film him; Wheeler accidentally sets himself on fire, but Callahan saves him. Impressed by her refusal to exploit Wheeler, Callahan and Walker become close.
Swan tells Callahan and Quan of Harlan Rook, a deranged fan suffering from "process schizophrenia" who thinks the director stole his ideas and work; Swan has a restraining order against him. Rook kills talk show host Nolan Kennard, another person on the dead pool list, using a radio-controlled car filled with C4 explosive under the victim's vehicle. Callahan finds a toy car wheel at the crime scene, and later sees another toy car following him and Quan. Recognizing the threat, they flee through the city pursued by the car and Rook himself. Trapped in an alleyway, Rook sends the car in armed. Callahan is able to back the car up enough so the engine takes most of the blast. Both survive, but Quan has broken ribs (the doctor at the hospital later says his bulletproof vest actually saved his life).
Rook, claiming to be Swan, calls Walker at the television station and invites her to Swan's film studio for an interview. The police discover at Rook's apartment torn posters of Swan's films, large quantities of explosives, and Walker's name replacing Callahan's on the dead pool list. At the studio, Callahan confronts Rook holding Walker hostage. The detective surrenders his .44 Magnum revolver after Rook threatens to slit her throat. Callahan lures Rook to a pier after a chase during which Rook shoots at him with his own gun. Rook runs out of ammunition, and Callahan shoots Rook with a Svend Foyn harpoon cannon, impaling him. Callahan leaves with Walker as the police arrive.
Cast [ edit ]
The Dead Pool is the only Dirty Harry film in which Albert Popwell does not appear. He was not available due to a scheduling conflict with filming on Who's That Girl.
Members of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses make uncredited cameo appearances at the funeral of Johnny Squares. They also appear during filming of a "nightmare scene" at the docks, where guitarist Slash fires a harpoon gun through a window and is berated by Swan.[3]
Production [ edit ]
Eastwood reacted to starring in another Dirty Harry film, "It's fun, once in a while, to have a character you can go back to. It's like revisiting an old friend you haven't seen for a long time. You figure 'I'll go back and see how he feels about things now.'"[4] The Dead Pool was filmed between February and March 1988 in San Francisco.[5]
Car chase [ edit ]
Callahan is pursued through San Francisco's hilly streets in his unmarked Oldsmobile 98 squad car by a miniature R/C (remote-controlled) car (assembled and controlled by Rook) containing an R/C bomb for Rook to detonate. The R/C car used for the film was a highly modified Associated RC10 electric race buggy powered by a Reedy motor that had to be geared up high to an 8.4v NiCd battery, topped with an off-the-shelf 1963 Chevrolet Corvette R/C car body by Parma International. The RC10 had its suspension lowered from the original to a lower ground clearance for better high-speed stability. Needing the best R/C car driver to control the RC10 action, Van Horn hired the 1985 off-road world champion R/C driver Jay Halsey. At first, Van Horn was unsure if the RC10 could keep up with the Oldsmobile, so for the scene where both vehicles start from the top of the hill, the director allowed both cars to start-off together. As a result, the RC10 outran the Oldsmobile, so the scene had to be re-filmed with the Oldsmobile reaching the bottom first. At one point in a scene where the cars interact, the RC10 jumps over the Oldsmobile, lands, and then proceeds to the end of the street to wait for the Oldsmobile. One scene, in which Halsey was only required to drive the RC10 at full speed to where the bomb was to be detonated, required over a week to film. A motorized tricycle with a camera mounted at ground level was used for close-up filming of the RC10 in action.[6] Engine sound effects for the electric-motor RC10 were added in post production. The chase scenes have many similarities with the famous car-chase in the Steve McQueen film Bullitt,[5] which Eastwood has said was his favorite part of the McQueen film. The necessity of closing down various continuously busy city streets meant that the sequences tend to jump from district to district, much as the similar scenes did in the McQueen film, making for a number of continuity errors that are easily overlooked during the fast-paced scenes, just as the motorcycle chase-scenes in the second Dirty Harry film ("Magnum Force") jumped around but are seldom mentioned.
Reception [ edit ]
The Dead Pool received mixed reviews. It holds a 52% approval rating on the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes. Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film a thumbs up and said "As good as the original. Smart, quick and made with real wit." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune also gave it a thumbs up and said "Perhaps the best Dirty Harry film since the original."
Box office performance [ edit ]
The Dead Pool was released in United States theaters in July 1988.[7] In its opening weekend, the film took $9,071,330 in 1,988 theaters in the US, at an average of $4,954.[8] In total in the US, the film made $37,903,295, making it almost the least profitable of the five films in the Dirty Harry franchise.[7][9]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
The song "Welcome to the Jungle" by Guns N' Roses appears as the theme song for Swan's movie, as used in a scene during filming where Johnny Squares is lip-synching. The band can be seen as extras during the funeral scene.
The traditional Dirty Harry End Theme (Variously called "Harry's Theme", "Sad Theme" and with lyrics "This Side of Forever") was given a full Hollywood orchestral production.
Sequel [ edit ]
Eastwood has publicly announced that he has no interest in acting in another Dirty Harry film. In 2000, he jokingly spoke about potential sequels: "Dirty Harry VI! Harry is retired. He's standing in a stream, fly-fishing. He gets tired of using the pole— and BA-BOOM! Or Harry is retired, and he catches bad guys with his walker?"[10]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A HULL driver whose road rage row has been seen by more than 500,000 people across the world on YouTube has apologised for his foul-mouthed outburst.
Grandfather-of-five Ronnie Pickering, 54, dubbed "road rage Ronnie", was caught on a GoPro camera shouting at a man on a moped in Bransholme.
The showdown, which has been uploaded to YouTube by user Steve Midz and picked up by media outlets as far away as Australia, was sparked when the moped overtook Mr Pickering's ten-year-old Citroën Xsara and sat at the front of a queue of traffic waiting to turn right.
Last night, the Mail tracked down Mr Pickering, who was seen on the clip shouting four-letter expletives and challenging the motorcyclist to take his helmet off for a "bare-knuckle fight", to The Ship Inn in Sutton, where he apologised.
He said: "I'd like to apologise for my outburst.
"He really got to me. I am not an aggressive guy.
"He was baiting me so I thought I would give him a few of my thoughts."
In the video, Mr Pickering says to the motorcyclist: "Do you know who I am?"
The bemused motorcyclist replies: "What?"
"Do you know who I am?" the driver repeats.
"Do I care?" retorts the motorcyclist, before adding, "Come on, who are you then?"
"Ronnie Pickering," the man replies.
"Who?"
"Ronnie Pickering!" the driver shouts.
"Who the **** is that?" says the motorcyclist.
"Yeah, me," says Mr Pickering.
"Oh, well. Brilliant!" says the motorcyclist, before adding: "You someone famous, are you?"
No violence took place during the confrontation, which happened close to Bransholme Fire Station in Noddle Hill Way shortly after 4pm on September 21.
Mr Pickering, above, who used to own a windows company, gave his version of events.
"I was on my way home from Asda in Bilton," he said. "I heard a tap, which I thought was the driver using his boot to hit my car. I don't know why he did this.
"He overtook a load of cars that was queuing. He encroached into my safety gap. I was wanting to turn right, but he wouldn't go. "I felt as though he was baiting me."
Mr Pickering, who has lived in Bransholme since he was 12 and is well known on the estate, says he accepts his reaction was wrong.
"To be really honest, I was out of order," he said. "It was an over-reaction. If you look at the video, there's no doubting that it looks bad. But you have to understand that this was extreme provocation."
Mr Pickering was shocked to find the video clip has gone viral and sparked a series of parody videos.
He said: "Because of this muppet I have been painted out to be some kind of monster all over the world.
"But that just is not me. I am an easy-going guy who does not go around bothering people."
Challenged on what he had hoped to achieve by using expletives, Mr Pickering replied: "I wanted to give him a severe b********* for the manner I believed he was riding."
Mr Pickering said he would now like to meet the rider.
"I would like to talk to him and just ask him what it was all about," he said. "This isn't the first video this rider has posted to the internet."
Peter Jackson, 60, a neighbour of Mr Pickering, said: "Ronnie is a sound bloke. You won't find anyone around here saying a bad word about him."
Last night, a number of Ronnie Pickering comedy videos had also appeared on YouTube.
The opera was forced to close amid heavy clashes last July before it recruited new staff and restarted operations the following September, around the time that representatives from the Ukrainian government, Russia, and the self-proclaimed republics in Donetsk and Luhansk signed the first Minsk peace agreement, which only briefly halted the fighting. The first performance of the season in October was free to the public, with the auditorium bursting to capacity.
Despite being at the center of an ongoing civil war, the opera continues to operate.
As we spoke, the sound of shelling drifted from the city's eastern suburbs, where pro-Russia militiamen regularly exchange fire with Ukrainian forces. Roughly a third of the theater's performers fled when war broke out, including key singers and all four of its conductors. A further setback occurred when a wayward missile destroyed the warehouse where it stored most of its stage sets.
"It has not been easy," Igor Ivanov, the theater's deputy director, told VICE News after the performance. "It's difficult for people to pay because the banks are down, and we have to stage our performances during the daytime."
Despite power cuts, a business shutdown, curfews, and near-daily shelling, residents of the rebel-held city flock to the Donetsk Opera and Ballet Theater on weekends in search of respite from the reality of life within a conflict zone.
The cast of Verdi's Il Trovatore bowed one last time to rapturous applause before the curtain fell in the war-torn eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk. Though the area is at the center of a separatist effort that has threatened to tear the country apart, the audience was surprisingly full of locals eager to enjoy the tragic love story.
Read more
The cast of Verdi's Il Trovatore bowed one last time to rapturous applause before the curtain fell in the war-torn eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk. Though the area is at the center of a separatist effort that has threatened to tear the country apart, the audience was surprisingly full of locals eager to enjoy the tragic love story.
Despite power cuts, a business shutdown, curfews, and near-daily shelling, residents of the rebel-held city flock to the Donetsk Opera and Ballet Theater on weekends in search of respite from the reality of life within a conflict zone.
"It has not been easy," Igor Ivanov, the theater's deputy director, told VICE News after the performance. "It's difficult for people to pay because the banks are down, and we have to stage our performances during the daytime."
As we spoke, the sound of shelling drifted from the city's eastern suburbs, where pro-Russia militiamen regularly exchange fire with Ukrainian forces. Roughly a third of the theater's performers fled when war broke out, including key singers and all four of its conductors. A further setback occurred when a wayward missile destroyed the warehouse where it stored most of its stage sets.
Despite being at the center of an ongoing civil war, the opera continues to operate.
The opera was forced to close amid heavy clashes last July before it recruited new staff and restarted operations the following September, around the time that representatives from the Ukrainian government, Russia, and the self-proclaimed republics in Donetsk and Luhansk signed the first Minsk peace agreement, which only briefly halted the fighting. The first performance of the season in October was free to the public, with the auditorium bursting to capacity.
Despite the ongoing hostilities and challenging circumstances, Ivanov said that audience figures at the 960-seat theater have been impressive since its reopening.
"It was a real surprise, we were overloaded," he remarked. "So many people were coming, and we have had lots of soldiers."
In the cloakroom downstairs, camouflage military jackets were hung among civilian furs and overcoats. An elderly woman working behind the counter pointed proudly at one that bore the flag of Novorossiya ("New Russia"), a historical idea of the region north of the Black Sea that has been revived by the separatists, who have confederated their rebel republics under its banner.
The rebel leaders pay for their fighters to attend the opera on breaks from the front line.
The Novorossiya flag was a point of controversy in December when the Russian opera star Anna Netrebko posed alongside it with a rebel official after handing him a million rubles (about $18,500) for the Donetsk theater, which cannot access its bank account. Operations are a volunteer effort — token salary payments have been irregular, to say the least.
"The presence of the flag was unplanned and caught me off guard," Netrebko later said on Facebook, stressing that she had only intended to support the arts. "I actually did not recognize it at first and realized only later what it was."
Though the theater presents itself as apolitical, the rebel leadership is providing exhausted separatist militia fighters with free tickets to the opera as a gesture of recreational relief, and many of them are attending the performances.
Anatoly Kalmius is one of them. A heavyset fighter with cropped hair and a tidy uniform, he trailed his two young children by the hand as he left the auditorium.
Rebel soldier Anatoly Kalmius and his children.
"You can't imagine how scary it was," he said quietly, referring to his experience fighting on the front line in the nearby town of Shakhtarsk. "It was such a psychological rest to come here the first time. The performance was so beautiful."
In the devastated ruins of the city's airport, located just a few kilometers northeast of the opera house, the contrast could not be starker. Twisted passenger planes and burnt out military vehicles lay amid the skeletal remains of airport buildings. The runways have been reduced to eerie crater-filled moonscapes, blanketed with shrapnel and the detritus of war.
Despite a ceasefire introduced in mid-February, anxious separatist fighters told VICE News that they continue to face shelling almost every day.
Rebel fighters are stationed in the remains of the city's airport, where shelling continues not far from the opera house.
"It is not the safest place in the world," a rebel who gave only his nom de guerre, "Bad Guy," told VICE News as he sat in a cramped sleeping area in the remains of a nearby warehouse, a figurine of Lenin on his bedside table. "It will not be a surprise if they start shelling right now. We are waiting for shelling constantly."
But while rebel fighters are perhaps most in need of a break, the fighting has upended the lives of everyone in Donetsk.
"We're all so wound up," a soprano named Oksanna who was playing Il Trovatore's heroine, Leonora, told VICE News. "We feel like we're under fire all the time. But it's important that people know we have this temple of peace here. If we have the power to create these moments of peace, we must continue to do it."
The soprano Oksanna (left) says that it can be hard to keep her concentration on stage during the shelling.
Oksanna has been singing at the theater for over 20 years, but the conflict brought unfamiliar challenges. She said that outbursts of shelling make it difficult to concentrate on stage, describing how the bombardment during a children's play performed on New Year's Eve became so fierce that the lights started swinging and the ground shook.
"We had to avoid panic, so we just carried on and finished the show," she recalled.
Theatre officials say they steer clear of politics, but for one Russian baritone, coming to perform in Donetsk is an act of solidarity with the people of the new rebel republic.
Vladimir Vyurova, a big name in his native St Petersburg, decided to offer his services for free after seeing television footage allegedly showing atrocities being committed by the Ukrainian forces against civilians. Sipping red wine in his dressing room after the performance, Vyurova told VICE News that he was on a "humanitarian mission."
The Russian baritone Vladimir Vyurov came to Donetsk on a "humanitarian mission" to sing for free.
"People are angry in Donetsk. They need fresh air, a place to breathe," he explained. "It's like the siege of St. Petersburg by the fascists in World War II. The Ukrainians came with heavy weapons and started shelling civilians."
For Ivanov however, the theatre fulfills a higher purpose.
"We don't do political performances," he insisted. "It's high culture — just the classics. Culture must be a priority now, and this theater is the base of cultural growth in the Donetsk People's Republic."
Follow Tommy Trenchard on Twitter: @TommyTrenchardPhotos by Tommy Trenchard
By STELLA CHERONO
More by this Author
More than 36 Kenyans have been killed by police since August 11, when the results of the Elections were announced.
A Kenyan human rights body announced Wednesday that the 23 people died following the August Elections and another 13, before, during and after the repeat elections done on October 26.
'STRANGERS'
The Independent Medico Legal Unit (IMLU) said there was evidence that the police responded to riots using indiscriminate force with no chance for other models of policing, especially in opposition strongholds.
IMLU said it had recorded grievous violations of human rights committed by the National Police Service during the elections period.
Executive Director Peter Kiama also questioned the coordination in the security forces, saying that many areas received newly deployed police officers without the knowledge of the officers in charge of the division.
“Residents in many neighbourhoods in opposition strongholds hailed the local police for their restraint and blamed ‘strangers' for the excessive use of force,” Mr Kiama said.
He said that there was a legitimate need to examine the command structure in situations where the local officer commanding station or the county commander receives extra or specialised officers to beef up capacity.
POSTMORTEM
“This begged the question: is the local police boss in charge in such situations or do the surge officers receive instructions from their unit bosses or are they on their own?” Mr Kiama posed.
The organisation revealed that it had, with the consents of the victims' families, conducted post mortem on the bodies of those who were killed, and established that some people were shot without necessarily having posed a threat to the police officers.
Out of the people who lost their lives after the initial elections, according to IMLU, seven had gunshot wounds to the chest, two had them on the upper limb and one had a gunshot wound on the head. Two other persons were shot from the behind.
“Going by the postmortem reports, there is no clear demonstration that police were shooting to defend their lives or the lives of others.
INJURIES
“In two cases where police indicated in P23 forms that they were shooting to save their lives from the attackers, the supposed attackers were shot from the back, indicating little chances that they were confronting police with machetes,” Mr Kiama said.
The lobby, which has been vocal against extrajudicial killings, torture and other human rights violations, listed some of the most notable cases of excessive force meted on civilians— including six- month-old baby Samantha Pendo, Stephanie Moraa Nyarangi and other high school students who were not involved in any form of riot.
Apart from deaths, IMLU said, several other people were injured by police bullets, teargas and beatings.
When West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice stood next to President Trump during a campaign rally in Huntington, W.Va., on Thursday to announce that he was switching parties and becoming a Republican, it was a historic moment for the GOP.
Justice's decision gives Republicans control of 34 governorships — tying a record set nearly a century ago. Democrats hold just 15 governorships. (Alaska's governor is an independent). Republicans now hold so-called trifectas — control of a governor's mansion and both chambers of a state legislature — in 26 states (including Nebraska's non-partisan unicameral legislature which is effectively controlled by Republicans). Democrats have just six such trifectas. That's in addition to Republicans' complete control of the federal government.
And unlike their D.C. cousins, Republicans in statehouses across the country can point to conservative policy accomplishments this year, such as adding new restrictions on abortion, expanding gun rights, weakening private and public sector labor unions and expanding school voucher programs.
But a constellation of forces means that this level of Republican dominance in the states is brittle and in danger of shattering.
Large playing field, unpopular president
Perhaps the biggest reason Republicans are vulnerable is because of the extent of their past successes at the state level. Republicans are defending 27 of the 38 governors' seats that are up election between now and November 2018. And 14 of those 27 seats will be vacant — including large, important states such as Florida, Michigan and Ohio — mostly due to term limits.
While it's too early to tell how many races will be truly competitive, it's likely Republicans will face plenty of headwinds. State-level elections have become increasingly nationalized over the past two decades and the president's popularity can have a major impact on voter enthusiasm and turnout — especially a challenge with a president as polarizing and unpopular as President Trump currently is.
Infighting and overreach
Years in power have also created problems for state-level Republicans. In Kansas, an overly ambitious plan to cut taxes orchestrated by Gov. Sam Brownback (who's been nominated to a State Department post in the Trump administration) starved the state of funds for its schools and other services. Kansas Republicans wound up bitterly divided over the issue and earlier this year, a moderate faction sided with Democrats to override Brownback's veto and rescind the tax cuts.
Similarly, a series of tax cuts in oil-dependent Oklahoma left the state poorly prepared for a downturn in energy prices. Republican lawmakers were forced to swallow their opposition and vote for tax hikes in order to keep the state solvent.
With Democrats all but vanquished in several Republican-dominated states, intra-Republican disputes have taken center stage. In Texas, Republicans are divided between a business-friendly faction that prioritizes low taxes and less regulation and social conservatives eager to pass the most conservative legislation possible, such as a bill limiting transgender access to bathrooms. Earlier this year, Florida Gov. Rick Scott was running campaign-style ads against fellow Republicans in the legislature over a dispute about economic development funds.
A combination of voters unhappy with the governing party's track record and internal party rifts that will play out in primary elections, sometimes leading to extreme or unqualified candidates, could weigh down Republican candidates up and down the ballot over the next year.
The maps and the courts
After the Republican wave election in 2010, victorious GOP state lawmakers took advantage of that year's decennial redistricting to further entrench their power, especially in swing states such as Wisconsin and North Carolina.
Republican-drawn legislative and congressional district maps in North Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Georgia and Alabama are already in federal court because of concerns about racial gerrymandering and North Carolina has already been ordered to redraw some of its districts.
But an even greater existential threat to Republican dominance at the state level comes from one of the most important Supreme Court cases of this fall's docket. Arguments in Gill vs. Whitford could determine whether Republican lawmakers in Wisconsin were allowed to take partisanship into account when drawing legislative boundaries. The Republican maps in Wisconsin were so formidably drawn that the GOP won 60 of 99 seats in the Wisconsin House even as Democrats drew more votes statewide in 2012 and 2014.
While both parties use partisan gerrymandering to their advantage, Republicans' dominance at the state level means the GOP has far more on the line from a Supreme Court decision.
Can Democrats capitalize?
The flip side of Republicans' dominance is the weakness of state-level Democrats. Going into the 2010 midterm elections, Democrats had full control of 17 states compared to Republicans' 10 states. Democrats acknowledge they've let their state parties wither and need to focus on rebuilding.
As former President Barack Obama told NPR's Steve Inskeep after the 2016 election, "you've got a situation where there are not only entire states but also big chunks of states where, if we're not showing up, if we're not in there making an argument, then we're going to lose."
But Democrats have a long way to go. A much touted effort to recruit candidates for this year's Virginia's House of Delegates elections has substantially increased the number of districts Democrats are competing in from 39 in 2015 to 67 today — but that still leaves 33 districts where the party was unable to find a candidate to run.
Still, while Democrats haven't won any of the special U.S. House elections so far this year, they've significantly improved their margins even in deeply Republican districts — suggesting that Democratic voters are highly motivated.
More evidence of enthusiasm comes from the latest Quinnipiac poll that has 52 percent of voters saying they prefer that Democrats control Congress compared to 38 percent for Republicans. Given the GOP edge in congressional and state legislative districts, Democrats will probably need popular sentiment to sway far in their favor if they are to have a hope of regaining power.
It's still 15 months until Election Day 2018 and plenty can still happen. But based on the landscape, it's hard to see how Republicans can maintain their current level of dominance.
Copyright 2018 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
If you're going by the numbers, these are boom times for Republicans. They control the White House and Congress. And just as importantly, they dominate state governments. That grip got a bit stronger last week when West Virginia Governor Jim Justice got up on stage next to President Trump and said this.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
JIM JUSTICE: Today I'll tell you as West Virginians, I can't help you anymore being a Democrat governor.
(CHEERING)
JUSTICE: So tomorrow I will be changing my registration to Republican.
(APPLAUSE)
CORNISH: With that, Republicans now have 34 governorships. In 26 of those states, Republicans control the legislature, too. NPR's state politics editor, Brett Neely, is here to talk more about it. Hey there, Brett.
BRETT NEELY, BYLINE: Hey, Audie.
CORNISH: So how did we get here? Because this is, like, a historic moment basically for modern politics and Republicans.
NEELY: Yeah, it is historic. Republicans haven't controlled this many governor seats since 1922. And we really got here because of 2010, the midterm elections in 2010, when Republicans did so well in Congress. They also recaptured a lot of governor's mansions. They had a lot of help obviously from outside groups such as Americans for Prosperity that focused on these lower-profile races. The other thing that happened is that Democrats lost track of the ball and didn't invest as much in the state level.
CORNISH: It's a lot of power. What have they done with it? Can you give us some examples?
NEELY: We've seen a lot of tax cuts, for example, very aggressive efforts to reduce the influence of labor unions, the expansion of gun rights, stricter voter ID laws, restrictions on abortion - a lot of the things that Republicans talk about as being very important to them.
CORNISH: And yet they are still facing a big challenge legally because of the actions they took drawing congressional districts, right?
NEELY: Yeah. And it's not just congressional districts. Republicans won really significant gains in 2010, and 2011 was when redistricting happened. And because Republicans were in control of so many places, they were very aggressive about drawing lines in their favor. Now, this fall, there's going to be a really, really important case in the Supreme Court.
It's a case out of Wisconsin about how far state lawmakers can go in drawing those lines and whether a partisan state lawmaker can really draw a very partisan line to minimize the other party's influence in the legislature. But it would also apply to congressional districts. And because Republicans have benefited so much from drawing these lines, if the Supreme Court says that partisan gerrymandering can't be as aggressive as it's been, it's going to really have a big impact on their state influence.
CORNISH: Right. We're talking about elections then. So looking ahead, how much ground do Republicans have to defend?
NEELY: Well, in a lot of ways they're a victim of their own success, right? Between now and November 2018, Republicans have to defend 27 of the 38 governor's seats that are going to be up for election. And it's going to include some really large and important states like Florida and Michigan and Ohio. And, you know, one of the things that's also a challenge is that unified government does not always mean a harmonious government. You know, you look at a place like Kansas where Republicans eventually revolted against Governor Sam Brownback's tax cut plans and they voted to raise taxes earlier this year.
So there could also be some very challenging primary fights for Republicans. But it is very early in the cycle. We don't know how things are always going to turn out. And, you know, there are some instances where Republicans are doing surprisingly well. They've got a series of governors in the Northeast in what are considered pretty Democratic-leaning states. And those governors are all quite popular and don't seem to be in any danger of losing their job so far.
CORNISH: What about Democrats? What's their plan going forward?
NEELY: I mean, I think that they're really betting that President Trump is going to remain unpopular. And they're really betting that their voters are going to be highly motivated to come out...
CORNISH: So you - the local races will be national.
NEELY: Everything will be nationalized. That's really part of their plan. They're actively raising a lot of money. President Obama is very involved in that effort. But there's a lot of work to do. And I'll give you one example from Virginia, which is going to have legislative elections later this year. Democrats have been really proud of their efforts to recruit candidates to run for the Statehouse there. In 2015, they only had candidates in 39 of the state's 100 districts. So this year they've got 67 candidates - great. You know, that's a big improvement over where they were before. But boy, that means that there are still 33 seats where they can't even find a candidate to run. That just shows you how far Democrats have to go.
CORNISH: That's NPR's state politics editor, Brett Neely. Brett, thanks for explaining it.
NEELY: Thank you, Audie.
(SOUNDBITE OF TOKIMONSTA'S "SMOKE & MIRRORS") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Larry Moran raised an interesting comparison over at Laden's place. In response to this constant whining that loud-and-proud atheism 'hurts the cause', he brought up a historical parallel:
Here's just one example. Do you realize that women used to march in the streets with placards demanding that they be allowed to vote? At the time the suffragettes were criticized for hurting the cause. Their radical stance was driving off the men who might have been sympathetic to women's right to vote if only those women had stayed in their proper place.
This prompted the usual cry of the accommodationists: but feminists weren't as rude as those atheists.
Were the women saying that men were stupid? Were they portraying them as rubes and simpletons? Were they falling into the trap of making themselves resemble the negative stereotypes of women at the time? IIRC, the answers are No, No, and No. Substitute "atheists" for "women" and "theists" for "men," and the answers are emphatically Yes, Yes, and Yes. It is one thing to be assertive. It is another thing to be gratuitously rude.
This is so blind and ahistorical, I'm embarrassed for the guy. The suffragettes were ferocious firebreathers of a most admirable sort who did not mince words and went far further than atheists have gone — yet. As one example:
To attain the goal of universal suffrage, the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU, known colloquially as the suffragettes) engaged in acts of protest such as the breaking of windows, arson, and the "technical assault" (without causing harm) of police officers. Many WSPU members were jailed for these offenses.
Try reading the literature of the feminist pioneers. They weren't just rude, they were howling at injustice, they were breaking deep social mores, and they were abused, despised, and imprisoned for it — and they still are. Jebus. You think all women had to do to get recognition of their basic rights was to be polite? You think they got the right to vote by asking nicely? That soft voices and meekness are the answers?
I take it back. I should be embarrassed for us atheists. When I look at the history of feminism, I see a ferocity and a record of sacrifice that puts us tame godless people to shame. Maybe we need to get more outraged and outrageous.
If you read some of the great writers of the feminist movement, what you'll find is an eloquence that people like Richard Dawkins echo today. Their speeches were rousing calls to action, not paeans to passivity. These are words that people found "rude" then, and that we still see deplored by chauvinists today (have you ever heard the word "feminazi"?)
Elizabeth Cady Stanton
"The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls." "The whole tone of Church teaching in regard to women is, to the last degree, contemptuous and degrading." Lucretia Mott
"The world has never yet seen a truly great and virtuous nation because in the degradation of woman the very fountains of life are poisoned at their source." "I have no idea of submitting tamely to injustice inflicted either on me or on the slave. I will oppose it with all the moral powers with which I am endowed. I am no advocate of passivity." Mother Jones
"I'm not a humanitarian, I'm a hell-raiser." "Whatever your fight, don't be ladylike. " Susan B. Anthony
"Men their rights and nothing more; women their rights and nothing less." "The fact is, women are in chains, and their servitude is all the more debasing because they do not realize it." "Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputation and social standing, never can bring about a reform. Those who are really in earnest must be willing to be anything or nothing in the world's estimation, and publicly and privately, in season and out, avow their sympathy with despised and persecuted ideas and their advocates, and bear the consequences."
These women were treated as if they were bomb-throwing anarchists by the press, by politicians, by the wealthy elite, by every institution that had an interest in conserving the inequities of society. Even today we've got people like Phyllis Schlafly who decry "intolerant, uncivil feminists whose sport is to humiliate men" — I think everyone can see the similarity to the accusations against those intolerant, uncivil atheists.
Every social movement — and I'd add the labor movement and the struggle for civil rights as equally strong examples — that tries to break the bonds of mindless convention and tradition and that defies established privilege gets accused of being rude and worse, much worse, and there are always weak apologists for the status quo who use that pathetic etiquette excuse to try and silence the revolutionaries. Successful revolutionaries ignore the admonitions about which fork to use for their salad because they care only to grab the steak knife as they launch themselves over the table.
Atheists are calm and mild-mannered, even leaders of the New Atheists like Dawkins and Harris and Dennett — no doubt because our oppression is minor compared to that of women, racial minorities, and labor — but we're still getting these ridiculous claims that we're too "rude". They won't stop until we're completely silent, and there's no point in compromise, so these faint-hearted enablers of superstition are going to have to excuse us if we ever so politely request that they go fuck themselves, beg pardon, and please, use a rolled-up copy of the Republican party platform to do it, if you don't mind, thank you in advance.
Ducati allowed me to walk the production line of the 1199 Panigale, arguably the most advanced V-Twin in production today. The assembly line is that of the Desmosedici V-Four, completely refurbished and retooled. If it weren't for the scent of special sealants and lubricants, the place would pass for a surgical operating theater. When I stepped into it, my mind went back to when I was working at Ducati.
If I didn't know that I was in the same Ducati buildings I had walked through 40 years ago, I might have thought that I'd entered the highway to Bologna in the wrong direction and I had ended up in Turin, at Alenia Aerospace Industries. Same neatness, same precision, same digitally managed tools, same highly qualified young technicians who'd graduated from the best technical institutes.
In my day at Ducati, the factory air was dark and thick with greasy fumes, the tooling was basic, and the workers didn't need any qualification because each one was trained to endlessly duplicate the same operation. Everything was smeared with grease, from the workbenches to the floor. It was like being at a factory at the dawn of industrialization, as Charles Dickens described it in his books—and quality control was contemporary to Charles Dickens' time too.
Today, it couldn't be more different. After following the complete assembly of one particular Panigale 1199 Power Twin, I'm ready to swear on a stack of Bibles that this is one of the most painstakingly built engines in the motorcycle industry.
The sequence of assembling operations is executed by a two-man team, as only happens with very special engines; think of the Chevrolet LS7, the 427 cu. in. 505-hp V-Eight that powers the Corvette Z06 and is hand-built at General Motors Performance Build Center in Wixom, Michigan. The two technicians know every detail of each engine they build. At full steam, this high-tech assembly line will deliver 80 Ducati 1199 Panigale Power Twins per day.
There are signs that the FinFisher "lawful interception" spyware may be installed on command-and-control computers in at least ten different countries, including the United States, according new research from Rapid7.
Rapid7 researchers analyzed the FinFisher samples obtained from Bahrain to understand how the spyware communicates with its command-and-control computer, according to Claudio Guarnieri, a security researcher with Rapid7. He then looked for those attributes in a global scan of computers on the Internet, and found matches in Australia, Czech Republic, United Arab Emirates, Ethiopia, Estonia, Indonesia, Latvia, Mongolia, Qatar, and the United States, Guarnieri noted in a blog post on Wednesday.
FinFisher secretly monitors computers by turning on webcams, recording everything the user types with a keylogger, and intercepting Skype calls. It can also remotely take control of a computer. Gamma International, a British company, sells the tool to law enforcement agencies and governments.
"We are not able to determine whether they're [detected machines] actually being used by any government agency, if they are operated by local people or if they are completely unrelated at all," Guarnieri wrote.
The matches simply indicate that these computers exhibit the "unique behavior associated with what is believed to be the FinFisher infrastructure," Guarnieri wrote. He found that when computers attempted to connect to a server in Bahrain, which had been previously identified by researchers at CitizenLab.org for using FinFisher, the server responded with the message “Hallo Steffi.”
Guarnieri found this pattern in computers located in Australia, Czech Republic, United Arab Emirates, Ethiopia, Estonia, Indonesia, Latvia, Mongolia, Qatar, and the United States, and pinpointed the IP addresses. At this time, only the Latvian server is still responding with the message, and all the other machines are "instantly dropping the connection in the exact same way," Guarnieri said.
It's not known whether the US-based server identified by Guarnieri is associated with law enforcement or the federal government, or whether a private entity has gotten their hands on the tool. It's also unclear which of the countries identified by Guarnieri are in fact Gamma clients.
Gamma International has steadfastly claimed the company only sells FinFisher to governments and not to private actors. That isn't a very reassuring statement, as there is nothing stopping someone from turning around and reselling it to someone outside the government.
"Once in the hands of local police, it might be resold/lost/leaked to other parties, who could then use it against the US/US companies/US persons," security and privacy researcher Chris Soghoian told SecurityWeek over email.
Human rights activists and security experts have been aware of FinFisher and the possibility of the tool being used to spy on activists and regular citizens, but there haven't been any samples to analyze until recently. In December, WikiLeaks published promotional videos from Gamma that showed how law enforcement agencies could plant FinFisher to monitor a suspect. Mikko Hypponen, chief research officer at F-Secure, said in March the company was looking for a sample in order to add detection to its security software to protect customers "from attack programs—regardless of the source of such programs."
The first known analysis of FinFisher came from CitizenLabs.org in July. The researchers received multiple attack emails containing suspicious attachments that had been sent to several activists based in Bahrain. After some analysis, they determined the attachments were all part of the same malware family and linked the Trojan to Gamma's FinFisher spyware tool.
Martin Muench, a managing director at Gamma International, told Bloomberg last month the company hadn't sold FinFisher to Bahrain. He said it was likelier than an old demonstration version had been copied illegally and modified for malicious use.
The malware sample Guarinieri analyzed was disguised as an image file. When opened, the file created a directory and dropped a copy of itself in the new location, Guarnieri wrote in the report. The newly created directory was used for storing dumped data, logs, and screenshots, which were later transferred to a remote command-and-control server.
Related Reading: German Government Paid €2M for R2D2 Spyware
Image copyright AP Image caption Courser apologised to a House committee
Two Michigan state lawmakers have been recommended for removal from office after admitting misconduct in covering up an extramarital affair.
Tea party Republicans Todd Courser and Cindy Gamrat concocted a false story that Mr Courser had solicited a male sex worker, to make the story of their affair less credible.
Mr Courser apologised to a disciplinary panel and pleaded for leniency.
The state's House needs a two-thirds majority to expel the politicians.
Only three legislators have been removed from office in Michigan's history.
The state's House disciplinary committee voted on Thursday to recommend that the full House remove the pair from their positions.
Mr Courser and Ms Gamrat have urged the House to censure them instead - an official rebuke that would limit their official activities, but would allow them to remain in office.
Image copyright AP Image caption Cindy Gamrat gave tearful testimony
The allegations stem from a spurious email that Mr Courser asked an aide to send, that claimed he was caught with a male prostitute.
The email was sent to party activists in the hope it would make allegations of his and Ms Gamrat's affair sound less credible.
For her part, Ms Gamrat claimed that she was aware of the plot, but that she did not know the content of the email before it was sent.
The House Business Office's investigation determined that the email itself was likely legal, but nonetheless unethical. The investigation ultimately alleged dishonesty and wrongdoing.
NPF News
CEREMONY TO BE BROADCAST NATIONALLY ON PUBLIC TELEVISION THROUGHOUT DECEMBER
WASHINGTON – Today, the National Park Service and the National Park Foundation announced that pop phenomenon Fifth Harmony, Grammy-winning legend Patti LaBelle, pop world duo Nico & Vinz, and award-winning vocal group The Tenors will all perform at the 2014 National Christmas Tree Lighting. Additional performers and special guests for the event will be announced in the upcoming weeks. Follow @TheNationalTree on Twitter and visit www.thenationaltree.org for the most up-to-date information.
This year's National Christmas Tree Lighting will take place on Thursday, December 4 on the White House Ellipse at President's Park, one of America's 401 national parks, in Washington, D.C. The ceremony begins at 4:30 p.m. ET with the exclusive National Christmas Tree Lighting pre-show, co-hosted by 94.7 FRESH FM's Tommy McFLY and ABC7/WJLA-TV's Jummy Olabanji. The event can be seen on public television throughout the month of December. Broadcast times can be found by checking local listings or visiting www.thenationaltree.org.
Presented by the National Park Service and the National Park Foundation, the official charity of America's national parks, and produced by Bounce AEG, the National Christmas Tree Lighting kicks off a four-week holiday celebration at President's Park. This year's ceremony marks the 92nd annual National Christmas Tree Lighting, an American holiday tradition started by President Calvin Coolidge in 1923.
Thanks to Google's Made with Code, the premier sponsor of the 2014 National Christmas Tree Lighting, girls across the country will experience the beauty of code by lighting up holiday trees at President's Park. Beginning on December 2, girls can head to madewithcode.com to code a design for one of the 56 state and territory trees. Girls can select the shape, size, and color of the lights, and animate different patterns using introductory programming language and their designs will appear live on the trees. Other event supporters include GE Lighting, Amtrak, Guest Services Inc., Hargrove, Hudler Carolina Tree Farms, Loews Madison, and Nicolas Holiday.
For more information about the event and its history, please visit www.thenationaltree.org and follow the National Christmas Tree on Twitter at @TheNationalTree. Join the conversation online using the hashtag #NCTL2014.
ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE
More than 20,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 401 national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. The National Park Service has cared for the White House and its grounds since 1933. President's Park, which includes the Ellipse and Lafayette Park, was officially included in the national park system in 1961.
Visit us at: www.nps.gov, on Facebook: www.facebook.com/nationalparkservice, Twitter: www.twitter.com/natlparkservice, and YouTube: www.youtube.com/nationalparkservice.
ABOUT THE NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION
The National Park Foundation is the official charity of America's national parks and nonprofit partner to the National Park Service. Chartered by Congress in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises private funds to help PROTECT more than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and preservation efforts, CONNECT all Americans with their incomparable natural landscapes, vibrant culture and rich history, and INSPIRE the next generation of park stewards. Find out more and become a part of the national park community at www.nationalparks.org
Buy Photo Dennis Muchmore (Photo: Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
LANSING — Gov. Rick Snyder's former chief of staff proposed spending $250,000 in March 2015 to buy bottled water for distribution at Flint churches, saying “if we procrastinate much longer in doing something direct, we'll have real trouble.”
It's previously been reported that Dennis Muchmore was involved in a summer 2015 under-the-radar delivery of donated water filters to Flint ministers for distribution.
But e-mails released by the governor's office Friday discloses for the first time that even before the delivery of water filters, Snyder's top aide was exploring the purchase of water for Flint to respond to widespread and persistent water quality concerns after the city split with the Detroit water system and began taking its drinking water from the Flint River in April 2014.
Snyder, whose office is not subject to the Michigan Freedom of Information Act, released 550 e-mails related to Flint water that are among an estimated 8,000 to 10,000 Flint water e-mails sent and received by Snyder or officials in his executive office that the governor says he will release Friday. The e-mails date back as far as 2011.
Though Muchmore said Thursday he believes a quantity of water was secured by the state in the spring of 2015 and distributed by ministers, current Chief of Staff Jarrod Agen said it didn't happen, partly because of opposition from the Department of Environmental Quality and the Department of Health and Human Services, as well as officials in Flint, such as the emergency manager.
Those parties "were basically saying the water is fine," except for aesthetic issues, "and we shouldn't send a message that something is wrong with the water," Agen said.
The state has budgeted millions for bottled water since Oct. 1, when, after months of denials, officials acknowledged lead was leaching into Flint's drinking water because Michigan Department of Environmental Quality officials failed to require the addition of corrosion-control chemicals to the Flint River water.
Muchmore suggested buying Ice Mountain water, bottled by Nestle, which his wife, Deborah, a lobbyist and public relations consultant, has represented for years as a spokeswoman. Muchmore also suggested the purchase could be made from a Nestle competitor.
“How about cutting a deal with Ice Mountain or (Absopure Water board member) Bill Young and buying some water for the people for a time?” Muchmore asked in a March 3, 2015, e-mail. He added: “$250,000 buys a lot of water and we could distribute it through the churches while we continue to make the water even safer."
Muchmore, who retired as Snyder's chief of staff Jan. 19 to become head of government relations for the Honigman law firm, told the Free Press in an interview for a Jan. 4 report that while in the governor's office he recused himself from any issues involving his wife and her clients. He said Thursday he didn't see a conflict in suggesting Nestle as a potential source for buying water.
"Do you mean that I shouldn't go to the two biggest bottled water producers that I know?" he asked. "Who else would you go to? You go to the big ones."
Deborah Muchmore, a partner at Kandler, Reed Khoury and Muchmore in Lansing, did not respond to an e-mail seeking comment. A Nestle official confirmed that she remains a consultant for the company's operations in Mecosta County.
Dennis Muchmore said he recommended the water purchases after a series of meetings with a group of Flint-area ministers who included the Rev. Allen Overton, the Rev. Alfred Harris Sr., and the Rev. Wallace Hill III. Muchmore described the ministers as "unsung heroes" in the Flint water crisis who worked tirelessly to draw attention to the water problems long before others were paying attention.
"I just think it is prudent to have a Plan B if it gets out of hand," Muchmore said in an e-mail about the state purchasing water.
"I just don't want it to get away from us so that when it turns warmer they create a crisis."
Muchmore said Thursday he didn't think Flint residents should have to drink discolored water, so "why not buy them some water?"
A Treasury Department official, Wayne Workman, said in response to Muchmore's e-mails that he was getting some prices and also talking to Meijer, the grocery firm where former state Treasurer Mark Murray is co-CEO.
But Workman cautioned that the City of Flint, which had been insisting the water was safe to drink, should not distribute the water because "it would undercut every point they are making." Also, any water distributed should probably "be reserved for people who can't afford to buy water," he said.
Muchmore said he wasn't sure but he thinks water was either purchased from or donated by Meijer.
"I think that there was some water distributed," he said.
Peggy Case of Traverse City, president of Michigan Citizens for Water Conservation, said her group fought Nestle in court and managed to reduce the maximum amount of spring water the company could mine from a well in Mecosta from 400 gallons per minute to 218 gallons per minute.
"This is public water; it should not be sold for profit," Case said.
Contact Paul Egan; 517-372-8660 or pegan@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @paulegan4.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/20Yz54f
Compromise could include making the result of the public vote self-executing, but many LGBTI groups say they won't support a plebiscite under any circumstances
George Brandis will meet LGBTI groups on Thursday to discuss the same-sex marriage plebiscite in a last-ditch consultation before Labor decides its final position on the nonbinding vote next week.
Marriage equality advocates who are opposed to the plebiscite under any circumstances have expressed concern the meeting is intended to fashion compromise to pass the nonbinding vote.
The consultation was organised by the attorney general through Australians For Equality (A4E), the group developing campaign capacity to fight the yes case in the event the plebiscite goes ahead.
Mental health advocate Patrick McGorry calls on government to drop marriage plebiscite Read more
At a meeting on 26 September Labor refused to nominate conditions that would be sufficient to win its support for a plebiscite and the Coalition refused to nominate changes it could offer.
The shadow attorney general, Mark Dreyfus, told Guardian Australia he would meet LGBTI groups on Friday following Brandis's meeting with the groups on Thursday.
“Four or five months ago there was some equivocation in LGBTI groups but now they've squarely lined up and they're uniformly against plebiscite,” he said.
When the specific proposal for the plebiscite was released, a broad coalition of LGBTI groups including A4E and Australian Marriage Equality rejected it in a joint statement.
Long-time marriage equality advocate, Rodney Croome, said he expected Brandis would “seek points of compromise to breath new political life into a plebiscite, just as he did with Mr Dreyfus”.
Compromises including ditching the $15m in public funding and making the result of the plebiscite self-executing could help win support from some LGBTI groups, but several groups attending the meeting told Guardian Australia they would reject a plebiscite under any circumstances.
Croome said he was “optimistic the LGBTI groups at the meeting will not endorse any compromise”, citing surveys that show the LGBTI community does not want a plebiscite under any circumstances.
In comments published on SameSame, Croome noted the joint statement describing the plebiscite as “unfair, unjust and unworkable” left the door open to possible compromise if the proposal were modified to address concerns.
LGBTI rights campaigner Kate Doak, who signed the joint statement and is a member of the New South Wales marriage equality steering committee, said some marriage equality advocates “would be some willing to negotiate if it's shown to be in good faith”.
“A lot want to see this thing done. It's reached fever pitch and a toxic level of debate already ... a lot are just going ‘right let's get done one way or another'.”
GetUp, the NSW Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby, Rainbow Families Victoria and Transgender Victoria said they would not accept a plebiscite under any circumstances.
The Get Up marriage equality director, Sally Rugg, told Guardian Australia “there are no circumstances where Get Up would a support a plebiscite”.
“Our members' main concern is the harm to the LGBTI community and the fact it is alien to representative democracy, – neither of those can be alleviated,” she said.
'We've been very patient': Christos Tsiolkas, Matthew Mitcham and others on the marriage equality plebiscite Read more
NSW Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby co-convenor Chris Pycroft said: “Our position is absolute – we are against the plebiscite.”
Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby co-convenor, Rachael Hambleton, said: “There are currently no foreseeable circumstances in which we would support a plebiscite.”
The Victorian gender and sexuality commissioner, Rowena Allen, will not attend the meeting but expressed absolute opposition to the plebiscite.
“I've got faith in people – I know that the plebiscite is not good for our community and I'm quite confident that's the message Brandis will get,” she said.
The Australian Marriage Equality chairman, Alex Greenwich, said it was “proud” to have facilitated the meetings which would be the largest consultation with the LGBTI community in his 10 years of advocacy.
“We see these meetings as an opportunity for all parties to hear from others in the community and to work together to achieve marriage equality in this term of parliament,” he said.
“We have made it clear in every meeting with every politician that we don't support a plebiscite.”
It's official. As of July 10, after a 15-year struggle, qualified gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people can be ordained as clergy and officers in the Presbyterian Church (USA). After 24 presbyteries flipped from previous “no” votes, a total of 97 approved amendment 10A; well over the 87 required for the change.
This victory finally removed exclusionary language from the Book of Order, which required “fidelity within the covenant of marriage between a man and a woman, or chastity in singleness.” The old language also required prospective ministers and officers to repent of “any self-acknowledged practice which the confessions call sin”—a list that includes transgressions as varied as usury, “undue delay of marriage,” and “immoderate use of meat.” (What now for patrons of Brazilian steakhouses?)
Of course, the struggle for full acceptance of LGBT people began way before efforts to repeal the so-called “fidelity and chastity” rule. Many folks mark the 1974 General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church as the beginning of the movement for LGBT equality in the denomination, when David Bailey Sindt held up a sign asking, “Is anyone else out there gay?”
Part of the reason for 10A's success this year is the answer to that question: Yes, there are gay people out there. As Rev. Tricia Dykers-Koenig, national organizer for Covenant Network of Presbyterians, said, “People are changing their minds about the morality of same-sex relationships. It comes from knowing more LGBT people.”
Others point to shifts in the broader culture. “The conversation over LGBT equality in the church was not an isolated question,” says Michael Adee, executive director and field organizer for More Light Presbyterians. “The repeal of ‘Don't Ask, Don't Tell' in the military, marriage equality [legislation and litigation] and the epidemic of anti-gay bullying all had an impact upon the consideration of 10A across the country.”
But what made this the year? Some speculate that enough conservative congregations have left the denomination to help swing the vote. But advocates downplay the impact of their departure, since most reports estimate that only 100 of the denomination's 11,000 congregations have been lost. “I don't buy it,” says Dykers-Koenig. “Maybe in a couple of presbyteries [it made a difference].” Rev. Teri Peterson, a pastor who helped organize the pro-10A response in north-central Illinois' Blackhawk Presbytery, acknowledged that while a handful of pastors has left her presbytery, this year's first-ever “yes” vote resulted from the swing of more than 36 votes.
In an interview with The Presbyterian Outlook, Gradye Parsons, stated clerk of the PC(USA) (the chief ecclesial officer), speculated that many moderates have grown weary of the debate and were ready to move on. Parsons also said that “people seem to be more accepting of this particular wording” than previous failed amendments.
Not everyone sees amendment 10A as palatable, of course. A statement from the conservative Presbyterians for Renewal declared: “A line has been crossed… We who are committed to holding fast the clear teaching of scripture must pray and work all the more to discern how to move forward with biblical faithfulness in and for a denomination that has lost its way.”
Regardless of those reservations, 10A is now the law of Presbyterian land. What lessons can be drawn from this success?
Learning from Failure
Amendment 10A is the culmination of years of tweaking and learning from past failures. After a 1997 attempt to replace “fidelity” and “chastity” with language about living with “integrity,” advocates spent a few years pursuing a strategy of deleting the exclusive language altogether, without replacing it. Ultimately, however, “it seemed more faithful to stand for something,” says the Rev. Michael Kirby, a pastor in Chicago, so organizers returned to an approach of offering replacement wording instead of simple deletion. The language considered by the presbyteries two years ago came closest to passing, but after many opponents felt it was not rigorous enough it fell short by just nine presbyteries.
The new language, sent to the presbyteries for ratification by the General Assembly in 2009 says, “Standards for ordained service reflect the church's desire to submit joyfully to the Lordship of Jesus Christ in all aspects of life.” The amendment goes on to emphasize the importance of thorough examinations of candidates, based on Scripture and the historic confessions of the church. “Submitting to Christ is the highest standard you can imagine,” says Dykers-Koenig. “This is not pushover language. If people take 10A seriously, the exams will be even better than before.”
We Take Our Position Not in Spite of Scripture, but Because of It
Advocates of 10A point to a multi-pronged approach to religious issues at the heart of the debate. First and foremost, the pro-inclusion argument is grounded in scripture. In a statement to commissioners of the Donegal Presbytery in Pennsylvania during their vote on 10A, Dykers-Koenig said: “I, along with many others who love Scripture, believe that the same-sex behaviors that are condemned in Scripture were abusive, exploitative, or part of idol worship—not the committed, loving relationships that we're talking about today… [We] take our position not in spite of Scripture, but because of it.”
Dykers-Koenig elaborated in an interview: “That process [of rethinking the boundaries] is in the Bible itself, right from the get-go, starting with Jesus shaking up assumptions about who is loved by God. Christians have been working on getting that right from the beginning.”
The Lordship of Jesus Christ has been the basic confessional statement of the church for centuries, and the authors of 10A incorporated this language as a way of affirming what unites Presbyterians, regardless of their positions on ordination. The amendment also protects individual conscience: ordination of LGBT persons isn't prescribed, it's simply allowed. Individual congregations and presbyteries have the discretion to call those whom they deem fit. Amendment 10A is an attempt to provide a “middle way” between two opposing viewpoints—a very Presbyterian impulse, according to Kirby, as the denomination has often sought to find ways to keep people together in the midst of disagreements.
In terms of policy, Rev. Carla Pratt Keyes, pastor of Ginter Park Presbyterian Church in Richmond, described an argument she heard during debate in the Presbytery of the James:
This amendment is not about sexuality, it's about methodology. [Fidelity and chastity] was put into the Book of Order to answer a question posed by the larger church—to settle things. But it hasn't settled things at all. The new language is about trusting governing bodies to interpret the scriptures and the confessions.
And finally, there were personal and pastoral arguments. “Time after time, when issues stop being philosophical and start being personal, for a lot of people that makes the difference,” says Kirby. “Gay people aren't scary, because [commissioners] know gay people, so they're not going to be caught up in mysterious ‘what-ifs.' Amendment 10A is about that person I know. How can we be a church who doesn't understand that this person is gifted and called?”
Organizing Strategies
Organizers are a bit unsure, and in some cases mystified, as to exactly what made the difference this year. In many ways, the campaign for 10A mirrored secular campaigns that advocate for political causes or candidates, although the “Holy Spirit factor” acknowledges a layer of mystery.
More Light Presbyterians' Adee sums up the ground game as follows: “We followed the example of the Obama campaign and ran a 50-state, all-173-presbytery campaign.” This included church-based phone banks; ads in national Presbyterian magazines; and letter-writing and story-telling campaigns using traditional mail as well as social media [YouTube, Facebook, Twitter].
“We [also] found church leaders who had changed their mind about homosexuality—what they had been taught about the Bible—and shared their stories in these national ads and through social media,” Adee adds.
Other organizers emphasize the “old school” nature of their work: the campaign's success relied on person-to-person contact. Peterson says the Covenant Network group in Blackhawk Presbytery set a goal of calling every single commissioner, urging them to come to the meeting and in many cases, offering to meet to talk further. Some presbyteries employed scripts and talking points; others were more informal. “There were a lot of cups of coffee shared,” says Peterson. She noted that whereas floor debates over this issue have sometimes been rancorous—what she calls the “Nazis and child molesters” arguments over gay people—the one-on-one conversations in her presbytery were much more gracious. Perhaps there is something about the intimacy of a personal encounter that makes over-the-top rhetoric more difficult to get away with.
Kirby argues that new media tools did not by themselves make the difference between “yea” and “nay,” but, he says, they did raise awareness and excitement throughout the church. Commissioners frequently tweeted their presbyteries' debates and votes allowing interested folks to eavesdrop on discussions and balloting.
Ultimately, Kirby says, organizing comes down to three basic things: “Get Out The Vote, Get Out The Vote, Get Out The Vote.” And every vote counts. As Pratt Keyes noted in an internal memo for Covenant Network: “Last time the vote was 192-125 in our presbytery, and this time it was 152-152 [which counts as a “no” vote]. A huge and surprising difference… I don't know about you, but if I'd thought we could get that close, I'd have beaten the bushes harder.”
Some U.S. military personnel appears to have launched an initiative to covert thousands of Iraqi citizens to Christianity by distributing Bibles and other fundamentalist Christian literature translated into Arabic to Iraqi Muslims.
A recent article published on the website of Mission Network News reported that Bible Pathway Ministries, a fundamentalist Christian organization, has provided thousands of a special military edition of its Daily Devotional Bible study book to members of the 101st Airborne Division of Fort Campbell, Kentucky, currently stationed in Iraq, the project “came into being when a chaplain in Iraq (who has since finished his tour) requested some books from Bible Pathway Ministries (BPM).”
“The resulting product is a 6″x9″ 496-page illustrated book with embossed cover containing 366 daily devotional commentaries, maps, charts, and additional helpful information,” the Mission Network News report says.
Chief Warrant Officer Rene Llanos of the 101st Airborne told Mission Network News, “the soldiers who are patrolling and walking the streets are taking along this copy, and they're using it to minister to the local residents.”
“Our division is also getting ready to head toward Afghanistan, so there will be copies heading out with the soldiers,” Llanos said. “We need to pray for protection for our soldiers as they patrol and pray that God would continue to open doors. The soldiers are being placed in strategic places with a purpose. They're continuing to spread the Word.”
Karen Hawkins, a BPM official, said military chaplains “were trying to encourage [soldiers] to be in the Word everyday because they're in a very dangerous situation, and they need that protection.”
That would appear to violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment prohibiting government officials, including military personnel, from using the machinery of the state to promote any form of religion. The book's cover includes the logos of the five branches of the armed forces giving the impression that it's a publication sanctioned by the Pentagon.
The distribution of the Bibles and Christian literature comes on the heels of a report published Wednesday by McClatchy Newspapers stating that U.S. Marines guarding the entrance to the city of Fallujah have been handing out “witnessing coins” to Sunni Muslims entering the city that read in Arabic on one side: “Where will you spend eternity?” and “For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life. John 3:16” on the other.
A Pentagon spokesman said he was unaware of the issue involving the distribution of coins and Bibles and declined to comment.
The issue comes at a particularly sensitive time for Sunnis who recently clashed with U.S. military in an area west of Baghdad week after an American soldier was found to have used a Koran, the Islamic holy book, for target practice. Following a daylong protest by Iraqis that threatened to turn violent, Maj. Gen. Jeffery Hammond issued a public apology to Sunnis in the area.
“I come before you here seeking your forgiveness,” Hammond said. “In the most humble manner I look in your eyes today and I say please forgive me and my soldiers.”
The soldier who shot up the Koran was disciplined and removed from duty in Iraq.
Mikey Weinstein, founder and president of the government watchdog agency The Military Religious Freedom Foundation (MRFF), said the religious intolerance among U.S. military personnel calls for a federal investigation.
“The shocking actions revealed just last week of American soldiers in the combat zones of Iraq and Afghanistan callously using the Koran for automatic weapons “target practice” is absolutely connected to the same issues of national security breach wrought by our United States armed forces proselytizing the local populations via the distribution to them of fundamentalist Christian coins, bibles, tracts, comics and related religious materials written in Arabic,” Weistein said.
“The Military Religious Freedom Foundation has been acutely aware of such astonishing unconstitutional and illicit proselytizing in Iraq and Afghanistan for over three years now and knows how massively pervasive it really is. These proselytizing transgressions are all blatant violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) and MRFF is now demanding that any and all responsible military personnel be immediately prosecuted under Failure to Obey an Order or Regulation,” Weinstein added.
Members of the U.S. military first started actively proselytizing Iraqi Muslims soon after the U.S. invaded Iraq in March 2003.
In a newsletter published in 2004 by the fundamentalist group International Ministerial Fellowship (IMF), Capt. Steve Mickel, an Army chaplain, claimed that Iraqis were eager to be converted to Christianity and that he personally tried to convert dozens of Iraqis, which is also an apparent constitutional violation.
“I am able to give them tracts on how to be saved, printed in Arabic,” Mickel said, according to a copy of the IMF newsletter. “I wish I had enough Arabic Bibles to give them as well. The issue of mailing Arabic Bibles into Iraq from the U.S. is difficult (given the current postal regulations prohibiting all religious materials contrary to Islam except for personal use of the soldiers). But the hunger for the Word of God in Iraq is very great, as I have witnessed first-hand.”
Mickel evangelized Iraqis while delivering leftover food to local residents from his unit's mess hall. He handed out Bibles translated into Arabic in the village of Ad Dawr, a predominantly Sunni territory where Saddam Hussein was captured.
“Such fundamentalist Christian proselytizing DIRECTLY violates General Order 1A, Part 2, Section J issued by General Tommy Franks on behalf of the United States Central Command (USCENTCOM) back in December of 2000 which strictly prohibits “proselytizing of any religion, faith or practice,” said Weinstein, a former Reagan administration White House counsel and former Air Force Judge Advocate General (JAG).
In addition to coins and Bibles, there have been reports of the distribution to Iraqi children of Christian comic books published by companies such as Chick Publications. These inflammatory comic books, published in English and Arabic, not only depict Mohammed, but show both Mohammed and Muslims burning in hell because they did not accept Jesus as their savior before they died
Chick Publications states on its website that its literature “is desperately needed by Muslims, but getting it to them without endangering our soldiers or enflaming the Muslim leadership will not be easy.”
Postal regulations prohibit sending bulk religious materials contrary to Islam into Iraq, but allow religious materials to be sent to an individual soldier for their personal use.
Sending more of these materials than would be necessary for an individual's personal use, but not a large enough quantity to risk being flagged by the postal service, is one way that these materials are making their way into Iraq. Chick Publications advises those wanting to send their literature to military personnel to first find out “just what tracts would be most useful and how many they can effectively use,” and “to find out whether the tracts can be drop-shipped from Chick Publications or if they should be sent as personal mail from the soldiers' families.”
A spokesman for Chick refused to comment for this story about the comics handed out to Iraqis.
Meanwhile, members of the 101st Airborne stationed in Iraq will continue their work evangelizing Iraqis unless it is told otherwise.
Llanos, the division's chief warrant officer, said about 2,000 copies of the military edition of the Bible provided to the 101st Airborne will soon be distributed to Iraqis.
However, reports on the Bible Pathway Ministries website up to 30,000 of the Christian books have been distributed to military personnel, some of which will presumably end up in the hands of Iraqis.
A curtain fell on western Burma on Oct. 9, the moment after police said Islamic militants attacked three security outposts along the border with Bangladesh, killing nine officers. Since that announcement six weeks ago, more than 100 people have been killed, hundreds have been detained by the military, more than 150,000 aid-reliant people have been left without food and medical care, dozens of women claim to have been sexually assaulted, more than 1,200 buildings appear to have been razed and at least 30,000 people have fled for their lives.
Humanitarian workers and independent journalists have been banned from affected areas as the Burmese army, known locally as the Tatmadaw, carries out what it calls “clearance operations.” The government, which is headed by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, said that those killed were jihadists — information that was gleaned, it said, through interrogations. The government said the rape allegations were false. It said that Muslim terrorists burned down the buildings themselves in an attempt to frame the army for abuse and claim international assistance.
Counterterrorism operations are still under way in Maungdaw, the northernmost township of Arakan state, also known as Rakhine. The township is mostly populated by Rohingya Muslims, a minority that is denied citizenship and is viewed as one of the world's most persecuted peoples. Elsewhere in the state, as in much of Burma, Buddhists are the majority. There are an estimated 1.1 million Rohingya in Burma. They are systematically denied political representation. They are demonized in the national media. They are so geographically and economically isolated that tens of thousands have fled on dangerous boat voyages, attempting to reach Malaysia.
Read More: Rohingya Women ‘Raped at Gunpoint' in Burma Army Sweep for Suspected Jihadists, Report Says
Suu Kyi, whose party secured a landslide win in elections in Nov. 2015, has made few public remarks on the conflict simmering along the country's western coast. While human-rights advocates have criticized her silence, some political analysts say the issue has exposed the limits of her power; the military still controls the key Ministries of Home Affairs, Border Affairs and Defense.
Events since Oct. 9 have been bleak. It is difficult to envision a positive outcome for the Rohingya, who have been subjected to what Human Rights Watch has called ethnic cleansing. Others have claimed that the Burmese government has laid the groundwork for genocide. There are also allegations that some among this marginalized community may have turned to violent extremism. This unknown number of suspected militants, armed with sticks, spears, slingshots and a few hundred stolen firearms, has summoned the force of one of Asia's most formidable national armies against an entire community of poor and disenfranchised villagers.
This is how the events in Arakan unfolded:
Oct. 9: Police said three border-guard posts were attacked by hundreds of Islamic militants, killing nine policemen. Eight assailants were reportedly killed by security personnel immediately following the attacks. Police initially claimed the attackers had links to a group called the Rohingya Solidarity Organization, a militant group that is largely believed to have been defunct for decades. The area was put on military lockdown and declared a counterterrorism “operation zone.”
Read More: The Military Continues to Search for Suspected Jihadists in Western Burma
Oct. 10: Humanitarian aid was completely suspended. Troops were deployed to the areas surrounding Maungdaw, Buthidaung and Rathedaung towns in northern Arakan state. An estimated 162,000 people in the area normally receive life-saving assistance from the World Food Programme and other U.N. agencies.
Within days of the lockdown, more than 800 Arakanese Buddhists arrived in the state capital Sittwe. More than 1,200 Muslims fled their villages and sought shelter in Buthidaung town. State media reported that Buddhists were being evacuated by helicopter citing safety concerns; Buddhists reportedly feared that their villages would be ambushed by mobs of armed Muslims.
The New York Times reported that a dozen people may have been extrajudicially killed since the initial attacks.
The Plight of the Rohingya by James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME 1 of 11 Advertisement
Oct. 14: The government said the assailants were members of a jihadist group, Aqa Mul Mujahidin, which authorities claimed was led by a man who was trained by the Taliban in Pakistan and financially supported by foreign terrorist groups. A few days later, while on a trip to India, Suu Kyi told the Hindustan Times, “That is just information from just one source, we can't take it for granted that it's absolutely correct.”
Oct. 27: Fiona MacGregor, a Scottish investigative journalist for the Myanmar Times, reported that rights groups had documented dozens of sexual-assault cases allegedly committed by Burmese security forces against Rohingya women in the operation zone. The following day, Reuters reported the same allegations. The editorial staff of the Myanmar Times, which is the country's paper of record and its only private English-language daily, was instructed not to report on the situation in Arakan until further notice. (Coverage resumed on Nov. 18 under a new policy.)
MacGregor was targeted by the former Information Minister Ye Htut and presidential spokesperson Zaw Htay on social media. Online harassment ensued.
Read More: Burmese Police Say They Will Arm and Train Non-Muslims to Counter Suspected Jihadists
Oct. 31: MacGregor was fired for “damaging the good name of the paper.” She had worked there for more than three years, and wrote a popular column focused on women's issues. She routinely covered issues such as sexual assault and women's health, particularly in conflict zones.
“It is profoundly concerning for women's rights, media freedom and democracy as a whole in Myanmar, that the civilian government is using bullyboy tactics to intimidate journalists and attempt to silence allegations of rape by the military,” MacGregor tells TIME. “We should not forget that at the center of this propaganda war are real people who are allegedly the victims of the most horrible and brutal crimes.”
Her editor, Douglas Long, was also fired two weeks later for “undermining the mission of the paper” shortly after he spoke about the incident with international media and a representative of the Committee to Protect Journalists.
“With each passing day,” Long told TIME just days after MacGregor lost her job and a week before he lost his, “the current government is starting to look more and more like the pre-2010 government.”
Nov. 1: State-controlled media began publishing op-eds refuting journalism that contradicted the official narrative — hearkening back to the prereform era of censorship and heavy-handed propaganda. These columns claimed that Islamic militants had gone too far by attacking security forces, and should be purged. State media also accused international media of working “in collusion with terrorist groups” to spread fabricated news.
Nov. 2: A delegation of nine diplomats and one U.N. official visited parts of Maungdaw for the first time since Oct. 9. The highly chaperoned trip lasted two days, during which they visited four villages selected by the government. While members of the convoy — which included U.S. Ambassador to Burma Scot Marciel and U.N. resident coordinator Renata Dessallien — were allowed to speak with some villagers, the visit was tightly controlled. Authorities detained at least two Rohingya men while they were speaking with members of the delegation. Ambassador Marciel insisted that they be freed immediately. Reports surfaced that some people who had spoken with the delegation were later detained and beaten.
Members of the delegation declined to comment directly on their observations, stressing that theirs was not a fact-finding mission, and urging the government to allow access to humanitarian workers, technical experts and journalists. The government has yet to adhere.
The Rohingya, Burma's Forgotten Muslims by James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME James Nachtwey for TIME 1 of 18 Advertisement
Nov. 3: Arakan state police chief Colonel Sein Lwin said that local police would begin arming and training a civilian security force of non-Muslim residents. The training scheme, which the International Commission of Jurists has referred to as “a recipe for disaster,” was meant to begin on Nov. 7 for about 100 recruits. Reuters reports that the plan is already under way in the state capital Sittwe.
Nov. 12: The Burmese army opened fire with helicopters near villages in Maungdaw. The state-controlled newspaper Global New Light of Myanmar reported that some 60 assailants armed with “guns, sticks and spears” had attacked soldiers, killing one. The military responded by firing into the fields from two helicopters. The two days of ensuing violence alone displaced an estimated 15,000 people, and videos that have reached international aid workers appear to show dead bodies lying in the fields. The government said 69 “violent attackers” were killed and 234 were arrested. These numbers are increasing by the day.
Some observers have called the army's response to the alleged terrorist threat “heavy-handed,” others have compared it to the so-called “four cuts” strategy used throughout the decades to isolate the country's myriad armed ethnic insurgent groups. But according to Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director for Human Rights Watch, operations against these “ragtag Rohingya militants with a few guns, some sticks and spears” are different.
“The real comparison is the Tatmadaw's penchant for scorched earth tactics when they feel like they are challenged in any way, and that's why some of the Rohingya villages where the authorities suspect militants may have hidden are being targeted for looting and burning, and sweeps have taken away so many men and boys,” Robertson tells TIME.
Nov. 15: Burma's state media introduced the True News Information Team of Defense Services, which singled out local and regional media outlets for publishing “fabrications” about casualties and damaged property. At least one local Muslim journalist has since been subjected to extreme online harassment, including death threats.
Nov. 18: Humanitarian access has not been restored in Maungdaw. Following the diplomatic visit in early November, the U.N. was allowed to deliver limited food assistance to about 7,200 people in four villages. This meager delivery was only expected to last about two weeks, and will expire at a time of year when food scarcity is at its height. Supplies are expected to dwindle sometime this week.
Regular food, cash and nutritional assistance to more than 150,000 people have been suspended since Oct. 9, according to Pierre Peron, a spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Burma. During this period, more than 3,000 children under 5 have not received their treatment for severe acute malnutrition, leaving up to 50% of them seriously at risk of dying. Primary health care to about 24,000 people per month has stopped, which Peron says is “very worrying, considering that infant and maternal mortality rates in Maungdaw are historically up to four times the national average.”
The U.N. special rapporteur on human rights in Burma, Yanghee Lee, called on the government Friday to take immediate action. “The security forces must not be given carte blanche to step up their operations under the smoke screen of having allowed access to an international delegation,” Lee said.
Write to Feliz Solomon at feliz.solomon@time.com.
Going into Saturday's matinee against the visiting Rangers, Thomas is at .938, an eyelash better than Hasek's .937 with the 1998-99 Buffalo Sabres, the best save percentage recorded since the N.H.L. started keeping track of the statistic in 1982-83.
It would fall short of the .942 recorded by Toronto's 42-year-old Jacques Plante in 1970-71, but that figure, unearthed through forensic work with newspaper summaries by the hockey historian Edward Yuen, is not considered official.
Either way, it is a measure of Thomas's stature that he is mentioned in the same context as Hasek and Plante. He also stands to make history in other ways.
If Thomas wins the Vezina Trophy as the N.H.L.'s best goalkeeper, he will, at 37, be the oldest to win the award since voting began in 1982.
And if he wins the Hart Trophy as the league's most valuable player — and where, after all, would the Bruins be if he were not stopping almost 94 percent of the 32.6 shots per game allowed by their porous defense? — he would be the oldest player ever to do so, by two years, over Eddie Shore in 1927 and Herb Gardiner in 1938.
“His numbers are the most incredible — Vezina hands-down,” Thomas's teammate Mark Recchi said. “It's not even a question.”
Unlike today's static goalies, who play mostly on their knees, Thomas leaps and dives, a style recalling Hasek's, the Czech with a spine like a Slinky. Goaltenders are not taught to play that way anymore.
Photo
“When I was in college, I kind of emulated him,” Thomas said. “I wasn't trying to play like Hasek — my style was already similar — but I saw how he was doing things, and how I could do some things easier.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“He had an influence; so did Patrick Roy, though. He was the one who basically invented this butterfly style that everyone's playing. I didn't get my first exposure to that till my first camp after college. So I had to learn everything at a later age.”
Late blooming is a persistent theme for Thomas. He grew up in a family struggling to make ends meet in Flint, Mich.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We peddled fruit door to door and by the side of the road in the summer,” Thomas said.
He spent four years at the University of Vermont, where one of his teammate was Martin St. Louis; they would become only the second and third Catamounts to make the N.H.L.
But first he bounced around the minor leagues, the Swedish Elitserien and the Finnish SM-liiga. In Finland he won a title, the best goaltender award, and the M.V.P. awards as voted by the league and another by the players.
Finally in 2005-6, Thomas, at 31, won a regular job with the Bruins. He became their starter the next year and soon had established himself as the first consistently league-leading goalie Boston had had since Cecil Thompson in the 1920 and '30s and Frankie Brimsek, who succeeded Thompson and played for the Bruins until 1949.
Thomas led the league with a .933 save percentage in 2008-9 and gained fame for his practice of yoga; his instructor told The Hockey News that Thomas applied what he learned in yoga to his sport “more than any other athlete I've ever worked with.”
Bone chips in his hip hindered Thomas's performance in 2009-10. After Tuukka Rask, who took over the No. 1 job, led the league in save percentage at .931, there was talk of trading Thomas.
But off-season hip surgery made Thomas pain free for the first time in years, and now he is back atop the league.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Still, memories in Boston are short. A recent slump — Thomas stopped 90 percent of the 40 shots per game he faced in three recent games — prompted Coach Claude Julien to say the No. 1 job was up for grabs.
That was probably why Thomas and Rask were among only five Bruins to show up for the optional practice here Friday morning. Thomas was the only one who had played in the previous night's shellacking of Montreal.
Away from Boston, the talk is of what could be a record season for Thomas, but in Boston, and especially in the Bruins' dressing room, the talk is of more immediate topics.
“That's the way it is,” Thomas said. “The president, Cam Neely, came on the radio a couple days ago saying he wasn't sure who was playing in the playoffs yet. It's the big leagues. The pressure's always on.”
Some advice from a dude that just went.
I don't think I'll ever not be shocked by the number of PC gamers I meet that have not attended a LAN event. Trust me when I say I understand many of the reasons gamers have for not going. No one is thrilled by the idea of disassembling their command centers and traveling with upwards of $1000 worth of gear. We have spouses or children that we feel like we're abandoning whenever we leave for a weekend of fun. And, let's be honest, with modern video games and video game clients we can attach all our gaming friends to a tidy little list where we can game together whenever we happen to be online at the same time. I understand all this.
The one reason I don't understand, however, is “I've never had anyone to go with me.”
Huh?
I know gaming with new people can be kind of scary, but that's a pretty weak excuse for not attending a LAN event. We game with people we don't actually know all the time. If you do in fact know every member of your WoW guild IRL, then forgive me for assuming too much. However, if you spend most of your time gaming online with people you've never met face-to-face, and have always wanted to attend a LAN, stick around. I have some advice for you: just go.
Don't fret—I'm not going to send you off unprepared like Chris McCandless into the Alaskan wilderness. I've compiled a short list of things you can do to make your first solo foray into the LAN world a successful and entertaining time.
Know the Rules of the Event and Location
Woah! I said entertaining, right? Well, trust me when I tell you that this is one of the most important guidelines to ensuring you have a good time.
The admins for LAN events have worked their asses off to create a list of rules that will keep things fair for every attendee at the event. They want everyone to have a good time. If people aren't having a good time then they run the risk of not having gamers for their event. No gamers mean no event. Admins are also at the mercy of whoever owns the venue where the event is being held. If something happens at the venue that the owners don't like, then it's bye-bye LAN. And woe unto you if you are the cause of the problem because you didn't know that smoking next to the door was not allowed.
If some rule seems out of place, or simply strange, take a minute to email the admins and ask for clarification. Again, they want everyone to have a good time, so they will gladly explain the rule to you.
Also, if the admins change the rules on the fly, or ask/tell you to do something, channel your inner Dude and abide.
Trust me when I say that this is not unwarranted. I can almost guarantee that at your first event you will see someone get dressed down for not following the rules. At my first event, in 2007, that person was me. Firing up a P2P download client when connected to 49 other computers will get you a severe cussing.
Know Who the Admins Are
These men and women are the gods of all they survey at LAN events. Any questions or problems you might encounter can typically be handled by these beings from on-high. Connection issues? No problem. Need directions to a local fast food joint? They've got you. See a problem that could affect the entirety of the event? Their judgement will be swift and merciless.
More than that, it's good for you to know who to thank for hosting the event. The admins have put in a lot of time to stage the event, and a simple thank you will be greatly appreciated.
Make Friends with Regulars
You'll recognize these gamers—they'll be cracking inside jokes with the admins and wearing t-shirts/badges from past events. They likely know just as much about the event as the admins, and will be willing to help a newbie such as yourself.
If they invite you to join them for a bite to eat, go. The crew of guys who invited me to lunch with them at my first event are some of my best friends now. You won't be disappointed.
Know what Games will be played
Much like the list of rules, you should know what games will be played at the event. They'll be posted on the event website. If you need to buy one or two, do that before you get to the event. This brings up two sub-points:
Update your games/clients/drivers before the event
This is a courtesy thing. You should be prepared to play when everyone else is. The entire event shouldn't have to sacrifice bandwidth because you haven't opened Steam in the last three weeks.
Don't go to only play one game
You'll see these people. They only want to play League or CoD. They'll complain until those games are played, and they'll complain after they're played. Don't be one of them.
If there is something you like to play that isn't on the list, ask around. There will almost always be someone there who would love to play that game, too. Putting out the vibe can be rewarding.
Have a Sleep Plan
Unless you really, really like staying up for 30+ hours straight, I highly recommend trying to get some sleep. Working the third shift a couple days each week has given me the unique ability to stay awake when I shouldn't, but even I don't attempt to plow through a LAN event start to finish. I recommend packing an air mattress to catch a couple hours of shut eye. It's easier (and cheaper) than getting a hotel room that you're only going to use for a few hours. Or, if you're one of the lucky people who can sleep in your computer chair, do that.
Bring Cash
Most LAN events have a concession stand or a swap table where one can snag any number of goodies. These only accept cash. Be prepared.
Don't be intimidated by Gear or Skill
You'll see all manner of gaming rigs—from barely running to unicorn—and all skill sets to accompany those rigs. Admire these computers and players, but don't let them influence your good time.
Be Excited!
This is the last, and most important, aspect of any LAN event. You are amongst your people! LAN events typically provide everyone some amount of free swag—be excited by this. If you win a tournament or a door prize then you celebrate! Even if it's just a new flash drive, it's a flash drive you didn't pay for and didn't have before the event! Being excited will only make the experience better for you and those around you!
I can sit here at my computer desk all day and rattle off ways to make your first solo LAN experience a good one, but none of that will matter if you aren't willing to take that first step. So, open a new tab, find a LAN event, and just go. You'll be glad you did.
By Jerome Burne
A diagnosis of cancer is really scary. It can seem as if there are only two options, neither very appealing: conventional treatment which promises a lot but is likely to be toxic and gruelling or the complementary route, seen to lack the punch needed to beat cancer. It's also likely to be dismissed by your authoritative consultant as lacking evidence and only promoted by the peddlers of false hope.
Now there's a radical new approach to cancer, however, which regards toxic drugs as largely unnecessary and welcomes many non-drug treatments as having a valuable role to play. A few years ago only a few maverick researchers knew about it, lately it's been getting heavyweight academic attention.
A conference devoted to the metabolic theory of cancer is being held in London tomorrow (Saturday 19th November) by the integrative cancer charity Yes to Life. It is titled: ‘Charging down the wrong path'. Is cancer a metabolic, epigenetic disease? The quote in the title comes from one of the speakers Professor Paul Davies, Principle Investigator at the Centre for the Convergence of Physical Science and Cancer Biology at Arizona State University.
His ‘wrong path' is the reason why we need a new view of cancer. The mistake has been to think that we can ‘beat cancer' by focusing on cancer-causing genes. ‘Never has science offered a clearer example of a preoccupation with trees at the expense of the forest,' he wrote in his book ‘This Idea Must Die'.
The forest in this case is the whole cancer cell and the micro-environment around it.
What are the conditions that favour cancer and which don't?
Davies is actually an astrophysicist who was asked by the American National Cancer Institute some years ago to look at cancer from the perspective of a physicist, rather than a biologist. ‘They wanted to know if there was something they were missing,' he says. ‘They were spending five billion-a- year on research yet improvement in treatments was painfully slow.'
I wrote a post on Davies' work last year which gives background details on his theory on the origins of cancer and the new approach it suggests.
Davies identified the almost exclusive concentration on cancer genes as the ‘wrong path' and went on to ask such basic questions as why is cancer found all through nature, what are the conditions that favour cancer and what are the ones that make it harder for cancer to thrive? One of the answers involves metabolism – the way cells in a body make energy– because cancer cells make energy in a different, less efficient and more ancient way, than healthy cells do.
‘Healthy cells use oxygen and sugar or glucose which they get from the blood, says Davies. ‘Cancer cells need far less oxygen and a lot more glucose for their energy production.' And right there you have one way to discourage cancer growth. ‘Expose tumours to hyperbaric oxygen and starve them of sugar by eating a low carbohydrate or even ketogenic diet,' says Davies.
Looking at the whole cell and its local environment is what many of those non-drug practitioners have been doing for years; the ketogenic diet (getting the body to run on fat-derived energy packets rather than glucose) is widely used and so are diets that keep the system slightly alkaline. Davies identifies an acidic micro-environment as cancer-friendly.
By my age you are riddled with cancer
The metabolic theory doesn't ignore genes but rather than trying to knock ‘rogue' ones out, it aims to change their expression – turning them on or off.
‘Cancer is part of us,' says Davies. ‘By the time you get to my age you are likely to be riddled with cancer cells but a healthy body keeps them in check. They start growing dangerously when the micro-environment becomes more cancer-friendly.'
Shifting this local environment in a more cancer-hostile direction can bring them back under control by changing gene expression. ‘What totally astonished me,' says Davies ‘was the discovery that among the many things that can affect gene expression are the electrical and physical forces that physicists work with – temperature, electrical polarisation (interferes with the division of fast growing cells), stress and pressure. I leave the question of how to apply them clinically to the next generation.'
So the metabolic theory doesn't just encourage a non- drug approach, it makes it an obvious part of any effective treatment. This raises the question of just how effective are the pharmaceuticals that now dominate cancer treatment? Are the NCI concerns about effectiveness, which first got Davies involved, still justified?
An article in The BMJ earlier this month gives a ringing yes. Last year the world-wide spend on chemotherapy drugs was £85 billion yet it is clear we are getting a very small bang for this vast outlay of bucks. ‘Chemotherapy drugs have had little effect on survival in adults with metastatic cancer,' writes Peter Wise, former consultant physician and senior lecturer.
Benefits from chemotherapy – an extra two months
In 200 4 a large study found that: ‘For 90% of patients – including those with the commonest tumours of the lung, prostate colon and breast – drug therapy increased five years survival by less than 2.5% - an overall survival benefit of around three months.'
You might think that the new improved drugs coming on the market would do much better. Not at all. ‘The 48 new drug ‘regimens' approved by the American FDA between 2002 and 2014,' writes Wise, ‘had a median overall survival benefit of 2.1 months.'
The piece also makes a detailed critique of the way trials are done. These include using markers for effectiveness, such as shrinking a tumour, which have little connection with the final outcome, and involving patients who are younger and healthier than those who are most likely to be getting the drugs.
Many of the drugs are then released onto the market as fast as possible on the grounds that they are ‘game-changing' or ‘revolutionary' which rarely turns out to be the case. Wise concludes: ‘Market driven rather than health driven priorities and practices do not benefit cancer patients.'
Professor Davies also referred to his frustration with market driven practices. ‘The cancer industrial complex demands clinical trial evidence for the metabolic approach but has no interest in funding it because there is no profit in more oxygen and fewer carbohydrates.'
These all seem points worth considering when deciding how much to rely on drugs to treat your cancer.
DNA not the way says genetics pioneer
One of the best accounts of the metabolic theory and its history comes from a book called Tripping Over the Truth: the metabolic theory of cancer by American science writer Travis Christofferson , who is also speaking at the conference. It was published in 2014 and I wrote an enthusiastic review here.
The book traces the metabolic theory back to the ideas of the German Nobel Prize winner Otto Warburg, who first reported that cancer cells made energy in a different way nearly 70 years ago. The finding was then sidelined by the rise of genetics but kept alive by one dogged American researcher. The latest edition of the book has an epilogue that takes the story on and describes some new developments.
For instance, the legendary DNA researchers James Watson, one of the architects of the genetic theory of cancer, recently told the New York Times Magazine that if he were going into cancer research today, he would study biochemistry (cells) rather than molecular biology (genetics).
Among those now accepting the importance of epigenetic changes in triggering and driving cancer is Stanford Medical cancer researcher Parag Mallick, PhD. In August of this year he was quoted as saying that like most other researchers he had been convinced that cancer was the result of genetic mutations in individual cells caused by a carcinogen, such as asbestos or cigarette smoke.
War on cancer needs be replaced with diplomacy
‘But it has turned out that most of the things that cause cancer, including tobacco smoke and asbestos, don't cause mutations,' he says. Rather than modifying the genes themselves, smoke and asbestos alter the activity of genes through a collection of processes called epigenetics.'
What this means is that the war on cancer is being replaced by a process of diplomacy. ‘The idea of epigenetic therapy is not to kill the cell,' says Dr. Jean Pierre Issa of M.D. Anderson. ‘Rather, we are trying to do diplomacy, to change the instructions that have begun running cancer cells. Cancer cells start out as normal cells each of which has the same set of instructions.
‘When a cell becomes cancerous, specific genes that regulate its behavior are turned off by epigenetic changes, which mean the instructions are forgotten. So the aim of epigenetic therapy is to remind the cell that, “Hey, you're a human cell, you shouldn't be behaving this way.” And we try to do that by turning the expression of those silenced genes back on and letting them do the work for us.'
And changes in what the drugs are designed to do mean you can use them differently. Promoting epigenetic effects doesn't need the high toxic doses used in chemotherapy. And the lower doses will make it easier to give drug combinations which are more effective.
Cocktails of drugs with low toxicity
‘Every researcher I've spoken with over the last few years believes meaningful results will only come from combinations of treatment' writes Christofferson. One of these is neuro-oncologist Henry Friedman of Duke University ‘We should be using combination therapies from the get go. Single agent therapies are not likely to be effective in a disease with so many molecular perturbations.”
This is something that is already being tried at the Care Oncology Clinic in London which I've written about here. Oncologists at the clinic are using a combination of four, old, off-patent (and so cheap) drugs, never licenced for cancer but known to have anti-cancer effects. Called ‘repurposed' drugs they are the topic of one of speakers who will be talking about how such drugs made her cancer-free. It so happens that all of the ones being used by the Care Oncology Clinic have an effect on pathways involved in cancer's energy production system.
Although these new approaches to cancer are exciting, innovative and popular with patients, integrating them into the regulatory system governing cancer treatment it is going to be a challenge, as Christofferson explains.
‘For oncologists, the standard-of-care protocol for the most common cancers is a suit-of-armor. It cuts the chance of being sued for malpractice. But once the cancer has spread patients rarely have long to live and standard-of-care is pretty poor. So what should oncologists do?
‘Give a drug that's old, very safe and dirt cheap, such as the malaria drug chloroquine, shown to increase survival in brain cancer? But without a clinical trial the FDA won't approve it so the oncologists could be sued if something goes wrong. But without pharmaceutical funding such trials are almost impossible, leaving oncologists with no incentive to do what could benefit their patients.'
It's a mark of how much traction the metabolic theory has achieved already that such conundrums are even being considered. Could it eventually create pressure for a medical system driven by health priorities rather than being market driven?
Whether it was the best summer of your life or the dullest, we can probably all agree that there's nothing quite like autumn in Maine. Some days are summer-like, others are crisp and cool, and sometimes we even see snowflakes. These next several weeks remind us of the glory of living here and allow us to be outside and get our fill of fresh air before the deep freeze of winter sends some of us diving in front of the fireplace. There's no shortage of fantastic fall events to keep you entertained, busy, amused and out and about all over the state. Here, we're highlighting a few of our favorites.
Downtown Brunswick | brunswickdowntown.org
If you're going to get out of bed in the morning, shouldn't it be to get back into bed and race it down the street (perhaps while dressed as a pirate, chicken, or Matthew Thornton – one of the lesser-known Founding Fathers and the final signer of the Declaration of Independence)? Local businesses compete in a race you rarely see: One with beds on wheels. And there will be costumes, themes, and judges.
Nov. 11 – 12: Maine Harvest Festival
Cross Insurance Center, Bangor | maineharvestfestival.com
The Maine Potato Board presents the 7th annual Maine Harvest Festival which brings together farmers, food processors, brewers, fiber artisans, chefs, presenters and fans of all the above for a two-day celebration. Expect a whole lot of sampling and cooking demos along with educational seminars and a giant marketplace.
Ramada Conference Center, 490 Pleasant St., Lewiston | $10| eventbrite.com
Shake your groove thing in Lewiston aka Funkytown. Motor Booty Affair's Fall Booty Bash will have you dancing into the wee hours. This band means business when it comes to helping you forget about your troubles with its throwback disco tribute show. Head to the back of your closet or hit the thrift shops for your finest polyester threads and get ready to get down. From “Brick House” to “Jive Talkin',” “Play That Funky Music” and “Dancing Queen,” this band has the skills, the attitude and the colorful wigs to make this a supremely fun night.
He received an Oscar nom for his work on William Wyler's 'The Collector' and scripted 'Conan the Destroyer,' 'The Mouse That Roared' and 'Eye of the Needle.'
Stanley Mann, the Oscar-nominated screenwriter who worked on such films as Conan the Destroyer and Damien: Omen II, has died. He was 87.
Mann, who received his Academy Award nom for co-writing the adapted screenplay for The Collector (1965), died Jan. 11 at his home in Los Angeles after a long illness, his wife, Joan, told The Hollywood Reporter.
The Collector, directed by William Wyler — who abandoned The Sound of Music for the project — was a psychological thriller about a creepy bank clerk (Terence Stamp) who imprisons a young art student (Samantha Eggar) in a house in the country. Wyler and Eggar also received Oscar noms for their work.
Mann also co-wrote with Roger MacDougall the Peter Sellers film The Mouse That Roared (1959). Earlier, the writers had teamed for the 1957 Broadway play Hide and Seek, and Mann's plays were performed at the National Theatre in London and in Los Angeles.
Mann wrote three films that starred Sean Connery — Another Time, Another Place (1958), Woman of Straw (1964) and Meteor (1979) — and adapted novels by Stephen King and James Clavell, respectively, for the movies Firestarter (1984) and Tai-Pan (1986).
An association with producer Dino de Laurentiis led to his work on Firestarter and the sequel Conan the Destroyer (1984).
Mann's feature résumé also includes The Mark (1961), Rapture (1965), Up From the Beach (1965), Frank Sinatra's The Naked Runner (1967), Russian Roulette (1975), the Donald Sutherland starrer Eye of the Needle (1981) and Hanna's War (1988).
He also produced Theatre of Blood (1973), starring Vincent Price and Diana Rigg, and Draw, his original 1984 Western for HBO, starring Kirk Douglas and James Coburn.
A native of Toronto, Mann attended McGill University and began his career in his late teens as a writer and actor for CBC Radio. In 1954, he moved to London and then came to Los Angeles in the 1970s. In 1978, he published a novel, Third Time Lucky.
In addition to his wife, survivors include his children Rachel, Adam and Daniel, sisters-in-law Denise and Gilda and four grandchildren.
A memorial service is pending. Donations can be made to the ASPCA.
Twitter: @mikebarnes4
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Louis van Gaal is set to be confirmed as Manchester United boss next week – with Patrick Kluivert his No.2.
The Holland coach will succeed David Moyes, who was axed 10 days ago by the Old Trafford giants, and is understood to have agreed a two-year deal with the option of a further 12 months.
As exclusively revealed by Mirror Sport on April 12, United chiefs sounded out Van Gaal when they lost faith in Moyes.
The Reds are poised to announce his appointment after their final home game of the season against Hull on Tuesday, leaving Van Gaal free to focus on Holland's World Cup campaign.
The squad meets for its first training camp on Wednesday and he wanted his future resolved by then to ensure there were no distractions in Brazil.
Unconfirmed reports from Holland suggest Kluivert, Van Gaal's assistant in the international team, had agreed to join him at Old Trafford.
Van Gaal is also expected to bring a backroom staff, including goalkeeping coach Frans Hoek, physio Jos van Dijk and video analyst Max Reckers.
He must make a decision over current caretaker manager Ryan Giggs.
The former Ajax, Barcelona and Bayern Munich boss will have up to £150million to spend this summer on re-establishing United as title contenders and guiding them back into the Champions League.
poll loading Is Louis van Gaal the right man for Man United? 6000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
Former Holland striker Kluivert, whose previous clubs include Ajax, Barcelona, AC Milan and Newcastle, turned down a move to United in 1998, with Sir Alex Ferguson accusing him of underestimating the size of the club.
Ferguson instead signed Dwight Yorke, who helped United to the Treble that season. Kluivert joined Barcelona, where he spent six years, winning one league title.
Wayne Rooney missed training on Thursday with a stomach bug and could be out when Sunderland visit United on Saturday.
The England striker felt unwell and Giggs told him to stay away to avoid passing it on to his team-mates.
2016-04-29 21:29:00 +0000 UTC by Luxsidus
Hi everyone and welcome to a fresh Weekly SoonTM. We've got some big news to share with you guys: the server has been updated to Minecraft 1.9!
As many of you know, Minecraft 1.9 has been out for a while now, but because the server is made possible by dozens of different plugins we had to take our time to update. So that's what we've been doing. And we can finally say we are ready enough to let you guys enjoy our server. And yes: we've brought back gliders! So this will be one of "those" posts with a large changelog and a lot of neat features waiting for you to try out. We mainly added a few new curio's to the FNC, fixed code running in the background, fixed pesky trees and changed the /pay command.
So without further ado, you can admire and gaze at our list of changes. As soon as you are done with that we'll see you on the server, perhaps sporting a fancy new glider! Please keep in mind that you might encounter bugs. If you do, please report them to us.
New features Direct Link
Added some interesting places to the Fire Nation Capital. No, we won't tell you where exactly ;)
Trees actually grow in a normal way again and are rotated randomly. Trees have been glitchy, but are now better and tree-er than ever.
"/pay" command is no longer in cents! So /pay 1 does pay 1.00 Yuan instead of 0.01 Yuan now. Finally.
"/pay all" can be used to transfer all of your money to someone. Just in case.
When you die in a major city you will respawn in that same city instead of your own capital. Saves you time and us requests to tp the poor fellow over.
Road recipe does now accept any type of planks. No longer will we discriminate against other types of wood. On AvatarMC all wood is equal.
Added superawesome airbender gliders! Non-airbenders, don't dispair. More basic gliders will be coming out later for everyone to enjoy.
Squashed many, many bugs
Now go out and have fun, we'll see you around!
Photo by: Provided Salaita. Other Related Content UI-Salaita correspondence
In a letter dated Aug. 1, Chancellor Phyllis Wise informed Professor Steven Salaita that the University of Illinois "will not be in a position to appoint you to the faculty."
Here is correspondence between the UI and Salaita, released by the UI.
Salaita, a professor at Virginia Tech, recently drew attention for his pro-Gaza, anti-Israel rants on Twitter. His behavior on social media led to Illinois reversing its decision to hire him.
On Oct. 3, 2013, Salaita was offered a full-time position as an associate professor of American Indian Studies at a salary of $85,000 a year. The offer included "indefinite tenure" but was subject to approval by the UI's Board of Trustees.
Both letters were obtained by The News-Gazette on Wednesday via Freedom of Information Act request.
In her letter. Wise said, "We write to inform you that your appointment will not be recommended for submission to the Board of Trustees in September, and we believe that an affirmative Board vote affirming your appointment is unlikely."
Thoughts? Let Tom Kacich know here
An unprecedented number of Americans support the right to own a handgun, despite the recent mass killings at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that have renewed the push for gun control.
Even with the killings in Newtown as a backdrop, a new Gallup poll shows 74 percent of Americans now support the right to possess a handgun, while just 24 percent would support a ban.
In fact, the Gallup poll is a near-perfect example of why passing gun control legislation will be difficult.
While a significant majority of Americans say they support new gun measures -- 58 percent (up from 44 percent last year) -- those same people can't seem to come to an agreement when it comes to specific laws.
In contrast to other polling, Gallup even shows a majority of Americans remain opposed to an assault weapons ban -- something the American people supported as recently as a decade ago.
This is very much like what happens with tax loopholes: People broadly like the idea of closing them, but once you start talking specifics (like the mortgage interest deduction), they don't find a whole lot not to like.
And as the gun debate heats up in the coming weeks, these numbers should serve as a reminder that the American people will almost definitely like the idea of new gun control laws more than the actual laws themselves.
Which makes this a very difficult issue for Congress to legislate.
Georgia Governor Nathan Deal just made sweeping changes to the state's alcohol regulations official, signing Senate Bill 85 into law on Monday. The legislation allows breweries and distilleries sell directly to consumers, and it will go into effect September 1.
“Our state leaders have been committed to ensuring Georgia remains a great state in which to brew beer and that local economies benefit from the industry's steady growth,” Martin Smith, executive director of the Georgia Beer Wholesalers Association, said in a prepared statement. “We are excited to have worked alongside our brewer partners and retailers in supporting the bill and look forward to the positive impact the new law will have on the industry.”
“This will change the brewing and beer culture of the whole state”
The bill passed both houses of the state legislature and was sent to Governor Deal's desk in March. First introduced in the Georgia Senate in January, it updates state law to allow breweries to sell 3,000 barrels of their beer per year directly to customers. Upon Senate passage, the House took up a substitute that added language to allow local distilleries to directly sell 500 barrels of spirits per year. For off-site consumption, thirsty Georgians will be able to purchase up to a case of beer and three 750 ml bottles of liquor at a time from brewers and distillers, respectively.
The new law loosens regulations that required the state's breweries and distilleries to distribute their products through wholesalers.
“I think the final bill is great progress for Georgia beer,” Jason Santamaria, cofounder of Second Self Beer Company, tells Eater Atlanta. “It needed to happen in order for Georgia beer to remain competitive in an already competitive industry. This will change the brewing and beer culture of the whole state.”
The most noticeable change for local booze aficionados may be how breweries and distilleries offer drinks for on-site consumption. No longer will they be forced to offer paid tours of their facilities that come with limited samples of their beverages. State Rep. Ron Stephens, a Republican from Savannah, previously called this process “a shell game.”
“[The new law] will create a better experience for distillery guests”
“First and foremost, [the new law] will create a better experience for distillery guests, allowing them to sample whichever of our world-class spirits they would like.” says Chad Ralston, certified specialist of spirits for American Spirit Whiskey. “Second, like our distillery brethren, we're excited about the implications to better engage with guests who have at times been perplexed about the tour process in the current environment.”
Effects of the bill have been seen in Atlanta even before Governor Deal signed it into law. Last year, Second Self renovated and expanded its Westside tasting room “under the assumption that a bill like this would pass,” according to Santamaria. Mitch Steele, lauded brewmaster who was the brains behind the beer at California's Stone Brewing for a decade, is planning a brewpub along the Atlanta BeltLine's Eastside Trail in Poncey-Highland. Monday Night Brewing and Wild Heaven Beer are both opening new facilities at a forthcoming development adjacent to the BeltLine's soon-to-open Westside Trail.
“We plan to create an incredible beer and food destination in an area of Atlanta whose time has come,” Wild Heaven president Nick Purdy said when he announced the brewery's new location. “Thanks to the leadership and vision of Lieutenant Governor Casey Cagle, Senator Rick Jeffares, Representative Howard Maxwell and the efforts of our wholesale partners and persistence of the Georgia Craft Brewers Guild, it makes sense to double down on on our home state.”
• Are Georgia's Booze Laws About to Ease up on Brewers and Distillers? [EATL]
• Proposed Legislation Would Allow Georgia Breweries to Sell Directly to Customers [EATL]
• Proposed Bill Adds Language to Loosen Regulations on Georgia Distilleries [EATL]
• Booze Bill Heads to Governor's Desk for Signature [EATL]
December 19, 2017
When running static analysis there is a good chance of getting a false positive or simply allowed violation in this particular case. Most of the tools have a way to ignore violations by specifying a special annotation next to the code like this:
## no critic $foo = '';
The problem with this approach is that you have to change your code (even if it's just a comment) in order to "fix" it. Also sometimes it is desirable to ignore the violation just for some time until the company has resources to fix it correctly (pay their technical debt).
In Kritika from now on it is possible to "resolve" the violation without modifying your code. Next to the violation there is a special link "Resolve" and by clicking on it you will be presented with a form where you can specify the scope, precision and a comment why it is "resolved".
Resolution scope
The "resolution" of the violation can be done within the project or within this current file. Of course if you want to ignore the violation for the whole project it is better to just disable the violation in your Profile. But if you want to make this "resolution" temporary then go ahead and resolve it.
Resolution precision
The "resolution" of the violation can be content-oriented which means it will resolve the violations which are caused by exactly the same code. This code can be moved anywhere and it will be still "resolved". So the file change or code "tiding" will not affect the "resolution".
Resolution expiration
Most of the time you want to temporarily ignore the violation, but you don't want to forget to fix it later when time allows. By specifying expiration date this can be easily achieved.
Sign Up and try it yourself!
It hasn't been very pleasant watching the New England Patriots' rushing attack since Dion Lewis tore his ACL last month.
The Patriots attempted to improve their running game by taking a flyer on Trey Williams on Tuesday, claiming the 5-foot-7, 195-pound running back off waivers from the Dallas Cowboys.
In games without Lewis, including Week 7 against the New York Jets, the Patriots have just 217 yards on 70 attempts for 3.1 yards per carry. Lewis had 49 carries for 234 yards and 4.8 yards per carry before being placed on injured reserve.
The Patriots carried the ball just 16 times for 39 yards Sunday night against the Denver Broncos in their first loss of the season, and their lack of trust in LeGarrette Blount, Brandon Bolden and James White was evident when they continued passing — nearly ending Rob Gronkowski's season in the process — in the fourth quarter when they desperately needed to kill some clock.
There are many reasons for the Patriots' lack of success in the running game. The offensive line isn't opening holes, and the Patriots' running backs are having trouble making defenders miss. Their running backs also appear tentative at the line of scrimmage, so even when the offensive line does create a crease in the defense, it's closed by the time they find it.
The Patriots currently lack elite speed and agility in the running game, as well. Lewis averaged 10.8 yards per reception, while other Patriots running backs are averaging 9.5 yards per catch, which includes Bolden's 63-yard TD from Sunday night.
Williams is a much better athlete than any running back on the Patriots' roster, and it showed in his preseason reps with the Washington Redskins. Williams ran a 4.49-second 40-yard dash at the NFL Scouting Combine in February with a 6.84-second 3-cone and 4.12-second short shuttle. White ran a 4.57-second 40-yard dash in 2014 with a 7.05-second 3-cone and 4.20-second short shuttle.
Williams adds big play ability, as he showed on this 38-yard carry in Week 2 of the preseason.
His elusiveness isn't on par with Lewis', but he's a similar type of player, and he could fit the Patriots' current offensive system better than Blount or White. The Patriots have an athletic offensive line that excels at pulling. It's not built for a power rushing attack, and it isn't adept enough at creating rushing lanes for White. A running back has to make defenders miss, and it appears Williams can do just that.
He also has the speed to get to the edge on outside runs. The Patriots didn't attempt a single outside run against the Broncos.
Of course, it's probably wise to temper expectations over Williams. He went undrafted out of Texas A&M and doesn't have a regular-season carry. He only caught two passes in the preseason, and both were on check downs, so it's unlikely we'll see him splitting out wide as a receiver like the Patriots typically ask out of third-down backs.
Williams has been on an NFL roster all season, however, starting on the Redskins' practice squad before being signed by the Cowboys on Nov. 4. He likely would have been back on the Redskins' practice squad or on the Cowboys' scout team if he had cleared waivers Tuesday.
Williams might not be a major contributor for the Patriots, but it's smart for them to take a chance on a player who could boost a rushing attack that's really struggled since its starter went down.
Thumbnail photo via Geoff Burke/USA TODAY Sports Images
Thumbnail photo via Jun 16, 2015; Ashburn, VA, USA; Washington Redskins running back Trey Williams (30) carries teammates' helmets while walking off the field after day one of Redskins Minicamp at Redskins Park. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 18, 2016, 4:24 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 18, 2016, 4:51 PM GMT By Cassandra Vinograd and Nancy Ing
A Belgian national with direct links to the Paris terror attacks has been arrested in Morocco, Belgian Federal Prosecutor Eric Van der Sypt said Monday.
Gelel Attar, 26, traveled to Syria in 2013 a suicide bomber who blew himself up in a police raid on a suburban Paris apartment following the Nov. 13, 2015 terror attacks that killed 130.
Attar and the bomber, Chakib Akrouh, also were convicted with alleged Paris ringleader Abdelhamid Abaaoud last August for participation in terrorist activity, Van der Sypt said. Attar was sentenced to five years in prison but was absent from his trial, triggering an international arrest warrant.
Moroccan authorities tracked Attar down on Friday, the state-run Maghreb Arab Press said. Because he is also a Moroccan national, he most likely will not be extradited to Belgium, Van der Sypt said.
The Associated Press quoted Morocco's Interior Ministry as saying the suspect — the official did not give Attar's name — had spent time in Syria with ISIS fighters.
A number of the terrorists behind and tied to the Nov. 13 Paris attacks had ties to Belgium — including Salah Abdeslam, who has been on the run since the terror spree but is a French national.
Related: Paris Attack Fugitive Salah Abdeslam's Fingerprint Found in Belgium
Posting from Las Vegas: Augmented reality has made progress on smartphones, with apps letting people layer information and graphics over a view of the real world. A startup from the Seattle region is looking to take the next step toward an AR future with special contact lenses that make it possible to view objects projected onto glasses a short distance away from the eye.
The company, Innovega, is exhibiting its technology here at the Consumer Electronics Show this week, as part of a special “tech zone” organized by the National Science Foundation, which supports the company's work. Innovega was founded by Randall Sprague, the former chief engineer of Bothell-based Microvision, along with Stephen Willey, the former Microvision president.
The contact lenses use optical filtering nanotechnology to let people see images projected onto the glasses by pico projectors, while still being able to see beyond the images into the normal field of view. The company sees the technology as an alternative to bulkier headgear currently used to achieve similar effects.
But will people really want to wear contact lenses, along with glasses, to augment the world?
“The demographic we're after is going to be a younger group — the 15 to 35 year olds,” explains Sprague. “In that age group, 20 percent of Americans already wear contact lenses on a daily basis. That group is also fairly quick at adapting to things, so even the other 80 percent would be candidates. The real value here is the mass consumer. Augmented reality is going to happen.”
Possible applications are pretty much endless, but they could include augmented-reality video games or real-world scenarios such as laying out a suggested route in front of a person as they're walking down the street. Innovega is aiming for those kinds of mass-market scenarios, and one of the reasons it's at CES is to find partners to help bring the technology to market.
At the store's peak in the 1990s, more than 200,000 people were listed in Kim's database, but by the end of last year, only about 1,500 of them were considered active members. Though customers still harbored an obsessive affinity for Kim's cult collection, along with its cantankerous employees and underground spirit, for too many of them, that affection had faded into a fond memory.
“Kim's was the cutting-edge; that was always the business concept,” Mr. Kim said the other day in one of a series of conversations about the fate of his video collection. “But ironically, I didn't prepare.”
Last September, in a move that swept through the Internet at viral speed, he issued a public challenge. In a notice pasted on a wall inside the front door, he wrote, “We hope to find a sponsor who can make this collection available to those who have loved Kim's over the past two decades.” He promised to donate all the films without charge to anyone who would meet three conditions: Keep the collection intact, continue to update it and make it accessible to Kim's members and others.
Offers poured in. Every one failed on one count or another. Every offer, that is, except one.
The ‘Alderman to Nothing'
The month that Mr. Kim posted his notice, a 42-year-old Italian graphic designer named Franca Pauli found herself intrigued by an article in La Repubblica, one of Italy's national newspapers.
According to the report, an ancient town in western Sicily called Salemi had initiated an unusual renewal project. Founded around the fourth century B.C., the town achieved brief renown as the site where Giuseppe Garibaldi first planted the country's tricolored flag in 1860 during his quest for a unified Italy.
But Salemi's moment of glory lasted only a day before the place slipped into oblivion. A devastating earthquake in 1968 proved the final blow, and for decades, the historic center sat abandoned, the town largely forgotten.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Now, an ambitious effort was under way to reverse the damage.
The town had invited prominent artists and intellectuals to assume control of the government. An art critic and onetime anarchist named Vittorio Sgarbi was elected mayor. A prince was put in charge of town planning, and a performance artist was officially declared alderman to nothing. The provocative Italian photographer Oliviero Toscani, whose ad campaigns for Benetton included a series on AIDS patients and inmates on death row, was named alderman of creativity.
Ms. Pauli had worked with Mr. Toscani years earlier. Now, as president of a small arts foundation called Clio, an organization devoted, as she put it, to promoting “culture as an everyday thing, something you consume every day,” she was fascinated by this effort to give artists political power.
Two months later, on Nov. 23, she and her husband, Dario Colombo, a photographer and a partner in the foundation, packed up their four children and traveled to Salemi from their home near Venice for a quick, investigatory vacation.
Their first afternoon, they drove up a steep spiraling road, parked their car and trudged up slender, twisting stone streets built for feet and donkey-drawn carts. The surrounding buildings, a blend of Greek, Roman, Norman and Arabic architecture spanning centuries, were stunning, although a closer look revealed cracks in the pale yellow stone.
In a cafe near a piazza, a chatty bartender informed Ms. Pauli that she had picked a fortunate time to visit: Mayor Sgarbi's renewal program, Progetto Terremoto — Project Earthquake — was beginning that very day. Just then, a voice from a loudspeaker summoned visitors and residents to the castle for the opening ceremony.
Photo
Ms. Pauli streamed with the crowd to hear officials call for ideas to enhance Salemi's artistic and cultural stature. Already, the town was offering to sell houses in the historic center for a single euro in exchange for commitments to restore the buildings within two years. And after a dizzying three days of questions, conversations and exchanged business cards, Ms. Pauli returned home determined to suggest a project of her own.
A Dream Born Near Venice
Within days of her return, an itinerant graduate sociology student named Glen Hyman arrived in Italy. One of the items on his schedule was dinner with Ms. Pauli, whom he had met through mutual friends.
Mr. Hyman, 31, had taught bread-making in China, sailing in Sweden and English in French villages. A doctoral student in Paris who lived largely on friends' couches, he was also a fan of Kim's Video, which he had first encountered some years earlier through a friend at New York University's film school.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It was like film heaven, in a way,” Mr. Hyman said recently by phone from Brazil, where he was doing field work. “You couldn't make it up.”
When he learned of Mr. Kim's plan to close the store and offer up the collection, Mr. Hyman quickly shared the news with his N.Y.U. friend, now a filmmaker.
Mr. Hyman was stunned by his friend's reaction, which ricocheted between anger (“Kim's should have done more delivering and stopped with the late fees!”) and self-blame (“I killed Kim's — I signed up for Netflix”).
Mr. Hyman, too, was saddened. But he filed the story away as another sad, curious loss not uncommon in a city like New York.
“I was trying to imagine who on earth would have space enough to take the thing,” he said. “I thought it was a rather beautiful gesture to give this collection away, benevolent and philanthropic. But at the same time, I didn't give much thought to it.”
That evening in late November, over a dinner of stew, homemade bread and fresh polenta, Ms. Pauli shared the story of Salemi with her young visitor, and he in turn talked about what was happening at Kim's. As he described the video store's collection and Mr. Kim's offer, Ms. Pauli listened in amazement.
“My first thought was like, ‘Wow, I might propose that to Salemi,' ” Ms. Pauli said. “But really, it was almost like a joke. I really didn't expect this to come true.”
Nevertheless, unable to shake the idea, she e-mailed Mr. Kim, eager to gauge whether he would even consider an offer from Italy.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
He would, he told her, but only if the offer were serious. She started making phone calls.
“It was almost like falling in love with this thing, and I was trying not to,” Ms. Pauli said. “You're thinking, ‘I'm sure someone from New York will take the collection,' so I was trying to be really cautious. But I also thought, maybe this community that's coming about in Salemi could be the right place after all to understand this, this amazing collection.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A Never-Ending Festival
As details about the possible arrangement leaked out, some Kim's customers took the news as a second, more serious blow. Some of them even confronted Mr. Kim in the store and by phone, challenging him to find a way to keep the movies in the community, or at least on the continent.
And he says he tried.
“Until the last minute,” Mr. Kim said, “I was still waiting for some decent offer. It was very disappointing.”
According to his account, 30 proposals were submitted from throughout the metropolitan region, but for one reason or another, all fell short. And slowly he was won over by the enthusiasm of Ms. Pauli and the new team in charge in Salemi.
“When I saw that we could have this collection,” said Mr. Toscani, director of the town's Department of Creativity, “I thought it would be a great adventure, a great project.” New Yorkers, he added, “shouldn't be upset because the movies are going to be in an incredible place; and on top of seeing Kim's movies, they can see the landscape around Salemi that is something very special, much better than New York.”
“Salemi is the future,” Mr. Toscani concluded. “New York is the past. That's why Kim's is coming here.”
Plans under way include what is described as a Never-ending Festival — a 24-hour projection of up to 10 films at once for the foreseeable future. The town also plans a relationship with the Venice Biennale, a collaboration with the University of Palermo and a professional translation company to subtitle the films, a Web site with a searchable database and, eventually, the conversion of all Kim's VHS films to DVDs to ensure their preservation.
Photo
Projection spaces and lodging for visitors will be created within a restored 17th-century Jesuit college, which will house the collection. The building, which now serves as the town's municipal museum, has a large inner courtyard perfect for public projections.
Still to be worked out is how much all this will cost — the unofficial figure for what has happened so far is 80,000 euros, the equivalent of upward of $100,000, though donated services may have made the actual cost much less — and where the money will come from. Because everything happened so fast — within two months — only now are budgets being prepared and sponsorships sought.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We all generally start projects from an idea, but then we have to calculate a budget and planning and timing and meetings,” Ms. Pauli said, laughing. “This was the opposite. It was all friends and phone calls and meeting people in a bar.”
The team is working on special provisions for Kim's members who venture to Salemi, including free access to films and discounted places to stay. The team is also exploring the possibility of letting Kim's members continue to “rent” films, either through mail order or, yes, Internet streaming.
‘The End of an Era'
On Jan. 17, Kim's was packed with customers picking through the final sales of records and VHS tapes, CDs and obscure DVDs.
The aisles were packed with young film students and aging hipsters, pale men clad in black and trendy women wearing stylish caps. Price tags were stuck on every item, even down to the electronic security gate at the entrance.
Eric Hopper, a 38-year-old teacher and filmmaker at the New School who lives near Union Square, surveyed the scene sadly.
“I was really surprised in a city like this that no one found the room,” said Mr. Hopper, who grew up in the Midwest reading about films he could never find.
He first encountered the store in the mid-1990s, while passing through the city as a musician on tour. When he settled in New York in 2005, visiting Kim's was one of the first things he did.
“I don't even know where I'm going to rent stuff now,” he said. “It's the end of an era.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Today, Mr. Kim's entire collection is in containers and on its way to Italy, carefully packed to preserve his unique filing system, and scheduled to arrive in Palermo by Feb. 26. When the collection reaches Salemi a few days later, what Ms. Pauli described as a “human chain” of people will unload the cardboard boxes, carry them through the town's narrow streets and deposit the videos in their new home.
Everyone involved realizes that duplicating in the Old World what existed in the New will be impossible.
“It's not the East Village,” Ms. Pauli said. “We can't try to make a replica of that. But it's a new door we can open. And we would like to involve Kim's Video members and all the community of film lovers in New York, and in America, and anywhere.”
Mr. Kim, for his part, still gets daily calls from irate customers.
“I was very shocked,” he said last week, sitting in a bar near his new retail store on lower First Avenue. “If this number of people went to Kim's Video, we would have stayed for a while. And we would be a very healthy operation. But once we're down, now I'm getting a lot of support. It's very ironic to me.”
He lamented the end of the business that he loved, a business that once allowed him to carve out his own contribution in America. And he mourns more than the loss of his movies.
“My passion was the introduction to my new community in U.S. of my film love,” he said. “This kind of passion is no longer welcome, due to the new technology of the Internet.”
He looked off into the distance. “The future of the video rental business is really dying and declining so fast, so fast,” he added. “I realized this thing so late.”
But he also knows that for his collection, bright days may lie ahead 3,000 miles away.
Of the group from Salemi, which he described as “very serious and sincere,” he said, “I don't have any doubt that they will have a great program with my collection.”
And as for his former customers in the East Village, he added, “One day, I hope they understand.”
Donald Trump's 75-minute press conference. Credit:Bloomberg His failed executive order on migrants and refugees? Blame that on the courts. And another thing, even though he was taking questions from reporters in the press briefing room, he wanted it known that he was bypassing the "dishonest media", to speak directly to the American people about the "incredible progress" his administration has made. Waxing from combative to meandering, this was an autocrat's outing – Vladimir Putin's Washington branch office. And it wasn't until he got into bantering with the reporters, seemingly an attempt to rekindle the rah-rah of his campaign rallies, that he came alive. And wouldn't you know, Trump wanted to talk about Russia … on and on and on and on and on – especially about the US intelligence services investigating his Russian links and very especially about the media reporting leaked accounts of the US intelligence services investigating his Russian links.
US President Donald Trump was in good form at the press conference. Credit:Bloomberg "I turn on the TV, open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos, chaos," he said after seemingly acknowledging leaked accounts of backstabbing, power-struggles, childish turf wars, factional feuding and endless crawling for his affection and approval. "Yet it is the exact opposite. This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine, despite the fact that I can't get my Cabinet approved." After one of the most tumultuous first months of any administration, beset by approval ratings that are computed as a negative because more disapprove of his performance than approve, Trump's lap of honour was a bizarre, head-spinning collision between fact and fiction. Trump had to let national security adviser Michael Flynn go because he had been revealed as a liar and before Flynn's replacement had bolted, Trump told the press conference that he had no qualms because "I have somebody that I think will be outstanding for the position".
Oops – he got away. Given that Trump is an accomplished liar, it was fascinating to hear him discuss truth as though it was a concept he understood. Here's how he explained Flynn's demise: "He didn't tell the Vice President of the United States the facts," Trump said. "And then he didn't remember. And that just wasn't acceptable to me." Apart from lying, Flynn is seen in many quarters to have acted inappropriately, if not illegally in discussing the Obama administration's sanctions on Moscow with the Russian ambassador to Washington; and to have broken the law by lying about the conversation to the FBI. But it turns out that Trump was worried only about the lies, not about citizen Flynn going to the Russians during the transition from one administration to the next.
"No, I didn't direct him, but I would have directed him if he didn't do it." The President became irritable as reporters hammered questions on reports – in The New York Times and on CNN – on extensive communications between his campaign and people in Russia – including intelligence agents. Seemingly attempting to step between the "yes" or "no" answer demanded by the reporters, Trump dissembled: he had personally had no contact, and he was not aware of such contacts during the campaign. "Russia is a ruse," he claimed. "I have nothing to do with Russia. Haven't made a phone call to Russia in years. Don't speak to people from Russia. Not that I wouldn't. I just have nobody to speak to." Trump claimed that no president before him had done so much in such a short time, but he was still able to squeeze in a dozen mentions of Hillary Clinton; and a couple for Obama too – in each case, contempt for Obamacare and for his attempted reset of relations with Moscow.
And in the coming days and weeks there would be all kinds of excitement – the Justice Department was investigating the flood of leaks from his administration; by the middle of next week he'll have a new executive order to replace the botched rollout of his migration crackdown; there would be a replacement for Obamacare by mid-March; and, not far behind that, his planned tax reform package. Getting very jocular, the President condemned many before him, either for their "fake" news reports or their "very fake" news reports. And at one stage he insisted: "I'm not ranting and raving – I love this. I'm having a good time doing this." And that's about when the porkies started. On claiming that he had the biggest margin in the electoral college vote since Ronald Reagan, some of the reporters were rude enough to point out, ahem, that Obama, Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush had outperformed him. Avoiding his administration claim of the use of "alternative facts", Trump sought protection behind faulty facts. "I was given that information. Well, I don't know, I was given that information."
He went on at length about a meeting he had attempted to have with Democratic and African American congressman Elijah Cummings, claiming that Democratic Senate leader Chuck Schumer had blocked Cummings from attending. To which Cummings responded in a statement: "I have no idea why President Trump would make up a story about me like he did today." The conference was an intriguing window into Trump's inner showman trying to break free – but there was also a sense that confirms his reported [leaked] displeasure with the briefing performances of his highly strung spokesman Sean Spicer. In that he was showing Spicer and, he would have hoped, tricking the country into the same belief, that this is how you move the story on, jump the rails of a bad news cycle by attempting to create a good one. At one stage, Trump went deep into the weeks in an analysis of the faults of cable news – which is to say they are not sufficiently reverential towards the 45th President. And suddenly he took a question from CNN's Jim Acosta, the reporter he attacked and ordered to be silent in a January press conference. Trump wanted to critique various shows on CNN, but Acosta wanted an answer to his question on the damage Trump might be inflicting on the First Amendment with all his nonsense talk of "fake" news.
Trump cut him, wanting to know if he was related to Trump's newfound nominee for labour secretary, Alexander Acosta. Trump: "You're not related to our new ... " Loading Acosta: "I am not related. I do like the sound of Secretary Acosta, I must say." Trump: "I looked. You know, I looked at that name. I said: 'Wait a minute. Is there any relation there? Alex Acosta?' They said, 'No, sir.' I said, 'do me a favour – go back and check the family tree'."
Many people with heart issues take an aspirin every day, but a team of Salt Lake City researchers has found that the little white pill is of no benefit, and could even be dangerous, for one group of heart patients who took aspirin for three years.
The research, presented Saturday to heart-rhythm specialists meeting in Chicago, involved more than 4,000 Utahns who suffer from an irregular heart rate — a condition known as atrial fibrillation — and who have been treated with a catheter ablation, a procedure that destroys damaged tissue in the heart.
In these patients, long-term use of aspirin can put them at risk for gastric and genitourinary bleeding and did not reduce their risk for strokes, Dr. Jared Bunch, director of Heart Rhythm Research at Intermountain Medical Center Heart Institute, said.
The findings are important, Bunch said, because of the widespread acceptance of aspirin as a therapy for people with heart problems. While aspirin can be helpful, even life-saving, for people who have heart disease, it's not a catch-all therapy for every type of heart issue, which is why people should use aspirin with caution and only when advised by a physician.
“Unfortunately for physicians as well as consumers, aspirin is readily available. A person can come in and say they don't want anything prescribed, or they don't even want to come in, and they can go to any grocery store and pharmacy and get any number of aspirins, and most are labeled heart-healthy and have some self-promotion in that regard,” Bunch said in an interview prior to his presentation before an international gathering of The Heart Rhythm Society.
Bunch and his team were not surprised to find that aspirin did not appear to prevent strokes in the patients; little evidence has been presented to support that idea, he said.
But, “the magnitude of bleeding we were seeing did surprise us,” Bunch said, adding this warning:
“People shouldn't use aspirin daily for heart health unless it's prescribed by a physician. And for atrial-fibrillation patients at low-risk for stroke — the risk further lowered by ablation — long-term aspirin use really conveys risk without benefit.”
From painkiller to heart therapy
Search for Bayer Aspirin's website and Wonderdrug.com pops up.
The word "aspirin" was invented by Bayer in 1899, but it eventually became a generic term for acetylsalicylic acid. For thousands of years before aspirin became a pill, its natural components, derived from bark of the willow tree, were crushed into a powder and given to women to help alleviate the pain of childbirth, according to the website Aspirinproject.org, which promotes aspirin's use.
Just a half-century ago, aspirin was the go-to painkiller in the family medicine cabinet, but it was pushed aside by acetaminophen and ibuprofen.
Fortuitously for aspirin makers, the drug's anticoagulant properties gave it a second life on pharmacy shelves, and America's rising rates of heart disease ensure that it continues to sell. Heart disease is the No. 1 cause of death in the U.S., according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Dr. Matthew Roe, a cardiologist and professor at the Duke University School of Medicine in Durham, North Carolina, said that research in the 1970s and '80s found that aspirin could significantly reduce mortality among some heart patients, leading it to become a “cornerstone therapy” for many heart conditions over the past 30 years.
Bottles of Bayer aspirin are stamped with a heart and bear the words "I am pro-heart," and the company urges "Carry aspirin, save a life."
"In the event of a suspected heart attack, call 911 and chew or crush aspirin as directed by a doctor," a Bayer website says.
The "directed by a doctor" part is key.
When confronted with a medical emergency, the victim or panicked family members might not be able to distinguish between a heart attack — which occurs when blood flow to the heart becomes blocked — or a stroke, which is the interruption of blood flow to the brain.
Most strokes are caused by blood clots, but some involve ruptured blood vessels, and taking aspirin during a hemorrhagic stroke could worsen the person's condition, the American Heart Association says. If a doctor is not available, a 911 operator can help determine if an aspirin should be taken in an emergency.
The Heart Association does recommend that people at high risk of a heart attack, as well as heart-attack survivors, take a low-dose of aspirin daily if recommended by their physicians.
It's still unknown what dosage is most helpful, however, and Duke is conducting a clinical trial of 20,000 people to determine what dosage is best. A baby aspirin has 81 milligrams of aspirin; adult-strength is 325.
The Intermountain study did not distinguish between amounts of aspirin used, Bunch said.
Not for everyone
Jennifer Merback, spokeswoman for the American Heart Association in Utah, said the Heart Association warns that certain people should not take aspirin, including those who drink alcohol regularly, who are at risk for gastrointestinal bleeding or hemorrhagic stroke or are about to undergo medical or dental procedures.
"You should not start aspirin on your own," the group's website says.
Atrial fibrillation is the most common form of irregularity in heart rhythm, affecting up to 6 million people in the U.S., and nearly 1 in 10 of Americans 65 and older.
While atrial fibrillation can increase the risk of a stroke, a catheter ablation and follow-up treatment reduces it, which is why some physicians have treated these patients with aspirin to further lower their risk.
Intermountain researchers, however, found that any benefit of aspirin for the patients they studied ended after one year, Bunch said.
"After a year, if they remain in a normal rhythm and they're considered low-risk for stroke, we didn't see any further reduction in stroke risk. At the same time, we saw significantly increased risk of stomach as well as genitourinary bleeding, and we saw a slightly higher risk of stroke in those who continued on aspirin," Bunch said.
Aspirin did appear to benefit one subgroup of atrial-fibrillation patients in the Intermountain study: those who have already had a heart attack, bypass surgery or stent.
"For those people, there still appears to be a role for aspirin, not necessarily alone, but in combination with a stronger blood thinner," Bunch said.
"Since stroke is the most feared complication of AF, we need to continue to study all available therapies to understand the most effective and safest treatment choices and how to use them after ablation."
Other researchers involved in the study were Heidi May, Tami Bair, Victoria Jacobs, Dr. Brian Crandall, Dr. Michael Cutler, Dr. Charles Mallender, Dr. Jeffrey Osborn, Dr. Peter Weiss and Dr. John Day.
More than 8,500 heart rhythm specialists from around the world attended the conference where Bunch presented the research Saturday.
TWITTER: @grahamtoday
This article is about food advertised as "natural". For food that complies with standards of organic farming, see Organic food
The term “natural” is applied to many foods, but does not have a consistent meaning.
Natural foods and all natural foods are widely used terms in food labeling and marketing with a variety of definitions, most of which are vague. The term is often assumed to imply foods that are not processed and whose ingredients are all natural products (in the chemist's sense of that term), thus conveying an appeal to nature. But the lack of standards in most jurisdictions means that the term assures nothing. In some countries, the term "natural" is defined and enforced. In others, such as the United States, it is not enforced.
Diverse definitions [ edit ]
“Natural foods” are often assumed to be foods that are not processed, or do not contain any food additives, or do not contain particular additives such as hormones, antibiotics, sweeteners, food colors, or flavorings that were not originally in the food.[1] In fact, many people (63%) when surveyed showed a preference for products labeled "natural" compared to the unmarked counterparts, based on the common belief (86% of polled consumers) that the term "natural" indicated that the food does not contain any artificial ingredients.[2] The terms are variously used and misused on labels and in advertisements.[3]
The international Food and Agriculture Organization's Codex Alimentarius does not recognize the term “natural” but does have a standard for organic foods.[4]
Fundamentally, almost all foodstuffs are derived from the natural products of plants and animals[5]
Definition by process and by product [ edit ]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
[6] UK blue Smarties , old(Top) and new(Bottom). Blue Smarties were re-introduced by Nestlé in the UK in February 2008, using a "natural" blue dye derived from the cyanobacterium spirulina rather than synthetic blue dye.
In the United Kingdom, the Food Standards Agency has published criteria for the use of several terms in food labeling. The guidance, in general, restricts the use of natural to foods that have "ingredients produced by nature, not the work of man or interfered with by man." Natural flavorings are explicitly defined by separate laws.[7]
There are different standards for various types of food, such as dairy products. It also gives standards for some food processing techniques, such as fermentation or pasteurization. The standard explicitly rules out "foods derived from novel processes, GM or cloning."[8]
Definition by process only [ edit ]
Canada [ edit ]
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency restricts the use of "natural" to foods that have not been significantly altered by processing and gives examples of processes that do or do not significantly alter food. This includes two specific additional requirements:[9]
A natural food or ingredient of food is not expected to contain, or to ever have contained, an added vitamin, mineral nutrient, artificial flavouring agent or food additive.
A natural food or ingredient of food does not have any constituent or fraction thereof removed or significantly changed, except the removal of water.
Israel [ edit ]
In Israel, natural ingredients are defined as part of the Labelling of Prepacked Food Standard (Israeli Standard SI 1145, which is legally binding).
The standard offers a list of 33 processes which are allowed in natural ingredients, all of which are physical treatments and not chemical modifications. These include blending, cleaning, extrusion, freezing, drying, etc.
A specific ingredient can be called "natural" if it didn't go through any processing except for the listed ones. The whole food can be called "natural" if the food is not a blend of foods (even if they are all natural), has no added ingredients, and underwent only the specified processes.[10]
No definition [ edit ]
United States [ edit ]
In the United States, there are laws/regulations and agencies to protect the consumer when purchasing food products, specifically dedicated to the packaging and labeling. Some laws and organizations include the Nutrition and Labeling Education Act, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and the Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS).
FSIS is a subsection of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), which is tasked with the responsibility of "ensuring that the nation's commercial supply of meat, poultry, and egg products is safe, wholesome, and correctly labeled and packaged."[11] The USDA partnered with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to develop and issue regulations in appropriate usage of "natural" labels; yet, the FDA does not have specific rules for “natural" labeling. It advised on their website "the agency has not objected to the use of the term if the food does not contain added color, artificial flavors, or synthetic substances."[12]
Furthermore, the FDA has not developed any rules or regulations on the defining features of what qualifies a product as "natural." The FDA does reference a definition of "natural" in their informal policy (Ref. 53) that defines "natural" as "nothing artificial or synthetic (including colors regardless of source) is included in, or has been added to, the product that would not normally be expected to be there."[13]
The Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act prohibits labeling that is false or misleading. The USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service has a standard for organic food.[14] As of August 2005, the USDA had a section governing "natural claims" in its Food Standards and Labeling Policy Book;[15][16] the USDA's regulatory jurisdiction applies only to meat, poultry, and egg products.
Because there are few regulations governing the labeling of "natural" foods, manufacturers can include ingredients that may not be considered natural by some consumers.
The poultry industry has been criticized by the Center for Science in the Public Interest for labeling chicken meat "all natural" after it has been injected with saline solution up to 25% of its weight. There is no legal recourse to prevent this labeling.[17]
Although there are few legal U.S. definitions for natural foods, there are unofficial or informal definitions, none of which is applied uniformly to foods labeled "natural".
See also [ edit ]
Welcome to the final installment of my Rebuilding on the Fly series, where I've examined how the Vancouver Canucks could balance their short-term goals of being a successful team in the near future with their long-term ones of acquiring enough talent to compete for a Stanley Cup some time down the road.
I've argued that the Canucks need to be aggressive and proactive to be successful in their plan. They need to move veteran players immediately while they still have value and receive draft picks in return. They need to fill in vacant roster spaces with shrewd free agent signings. And finally, they need to identify talented young prospects that can form the core of a contending team in the future.
For some parting thoughts on this plan heading in to the most critical month of the offseason, join me after the jump.
As we know, management has made it clear why they want to go down the road of rebuilding on the fly. Here are our best guesses at their key assumptions:
– It is better to develop prospects in a winning environment: In recent years, we've seen teams like Tampa and Florida consistently sign over-30 defensive veterans like Sami Salo, Willie Mitchell, and Matthias Ohlund to help mentor their young prospects, and they're seeing the success in that strategy with the development of players like Aaron Ekblad and Victor Hedman.
– A fully rebuilding team can't exploit the free agent market or re-sign their own key free agents: When was the last quality veteran free agent that choose to play in Edmonton? Is Eddie Lack really interested in being the next Ben Scrivens?
– Canucks fans will not support a rebuild: As a Canucks fan, I've always found this argument the most insulting, but after seeing fan interest wane and seats at Rogers Arena left empty over the last year and a half there may be more validity to this argument than I'd like to admit.
You can argue against the legitimacy of their position, but its a somewhat futile exercise. They've charted their course, and clearly they are planned on executing against this strategy.
Throughout the course of this series, I've tried to tackle what I think is the central question for this Canucks administration: Is it possible to rebuild on the fly, and if so how do you do it?
When you go down this path it invariably leads to the questions I expect are the topics of the day for the Canucks management group. What should we do with the 2016 UFAs, Eddie Lack, Dan Hamhuis, Kevin Bieksa and Radim Vrbata? If we moved some of them, what would be the return? Could they be replaced from the UFA market? Then there is the question of who should be selected at the draft.
Moving Veterans
Most fans seem happy with the thought of Kevin Bieksa moving on, but simply suggesting moving Dan Hamhuis or Radim Vrbata sent many over the edge.
As of today, Dan Hamhuis and Radim Vrbata are both worth 1st round picks in the 2015 or 2016 drafts based the trades of similar players in recent years. On July 1, 2016 they will be worth exactly nothing to the Vancouver Canucks, unless they re-sign.
Of course, both players may decide to re-sign with the Canucks. Hamhuis may have a bounce-back year. Vrbata may have his third 30 goal season of his 16 year NHL career. These scenarios are both possible, but the question for management isn't whether they're possible; it's whether they're probable.
Some have argued that one or both of these players could receive a higher return if they were moved closer to the deadline. Sure, it's possible they would yield higher returns then. Some genius in the Flames' front office managed to ship out a 33 year old Curtis Glencross who was three years removed from his last 20 goal, 30 point seasons to the Capitals for a 2nd and 3rd round draft choice, so a higher return is entirely possible.
However, moving players at the deadline has drawbacks that need to be considered. First, the draft picks would be from 2016 versus 2015, and this team desperately needs high caliber prospects contributing to the roster sooner rather than later. Second, moving them now allows you to shop through the pool of available UFAs to find a reasonable short-term solution to replace them without giving up an asset in return (other than a truckload of cash). Third, if the Canucks somehow find themselves on bubble of the playoffs, how can they possibly sell to ownership (who loves playoff revenue), or the fan base move a core piece of the puzzle like Vrbata or Hamhuis?
Remember, this was a team who wouldn't move bottom six forward Shawn Matthias at the deadline because of their playoff aspirations and are no holding a valueless asset as he prepares to have another team make him rich on July 1.
It seems that many would prefer to stay the course with Vrbata and Hamhuis, rather than moving them for a pair of first round picks and the cap space which would allow you to replace them with UFAs. The question the Canucks have to ask themselves is whether staying the course with fan favorites is worth the risk that they'll walk for nothing in a year's time.
UFA Targets
Counting on the UFA market to refill key roster positions is an inherently risky move. Recently, Jason Botchford touched on the possibility of moving Bieksa or Hamhuis to free up room to sign Cody Franson, a player I highlighted in my post on defensemen to target. News 1130 recently reported the Canucks had interest in Joel Ward, a player I highlighted in my post on forwards. Neither of these signings are possible unless the Canucks free up a significant amount of cap space.
It would absolutely make sense for Franson and Ward to be on the Canucks radar in the event Bieksa, Hamhuis and Vrbata are moved. However, the UFA market is extremely competitive, and you can't always get what you want. This team doesn't have the same appeal they did a few years ago when Dan Hamhuis decided to take the home town discount to join a Canucks team poised to be a legitimate Cup contender.
With this in mind, management can't just look at their first choices like Ward and Franson. They'd have to look at plan B, C, D, as part of their planning process, just like last year when they failed to land Jarome Iginla and wound up with their second choice, Radim Vrbata, instead.
Following this logic through, I was very curious how people would react to the thought of signing an effective, but decidedly un-sexy defensemen like Zbynek Michalek to replace Hamhuis? How would people feel about a useful utility forward like Sean Bergenheim in the top 9?
The results were fascinating. While many saw the logic in replacing soon-to-be UFAs with draft picks and the best you can find on the 2015 UFA market, the feedback I received indicated that many apparently would rather wear their Hamhuis jerseys, crack a beer, and watch the slow decline of the best Canucks era that ever was.
Draft Targets
The tough part about not going for a full rebuild is the drop off of elite talent available outside of the top 3 to 5 selections in any given draft. If you're going to build a new contender with picks without top 3 to 5 selections, you need to draft exponentially better than your competitors, have a ton of bullets in the chamber in the form of draft picks, and get a bit lucky. Trading the 2016 UFAs would give the Canucks the picks they need. Parts 4 and 5 of the series identified high potential prospects the Canucks scouting department should look at. The rest is up to the hockey gods (and Canucks management of course).
Where Do We Go From Here?
It remains to be seen which direction management will go this offseason. On the one hand, Benning was among the most active GM's in the league last summer, and he likely understands the necessity of getting value for the team's declining assets rather than risking having them walk next summer for nothing. But on the other hand, he rightly questions this market's appetite for a rebuild. Fear of a negative fan response may play into him keeping a player like Hamhuis, especially if he thinks he could be re-signed.
There will be moved this summer, some of which will be good, some bad, and some ugly. Looking at this administration's track record so far, we can probably expect a Ryan Miller free agent signing for every Radim Vrbata. For every Chris Tanev extension, there has been a Luca Sbisa extension. For every Gustav Forsling draft pick, there has been a Nikita Tryamkin, Kyle Pettit or a Mackenze Stewart.
At the very least, it should give the team at Canucks Army plenty of material to write about.
Thanks for reading along through this series. I hope you've enjoyed reading and commenting on the series as much as I have in putting it together. Here's to a productive and successful offseason!
Read More:
Last week, yet another American hospital was tossed into chaos after its computers were infected by hackers.
This time it was Methodist Hospital, an averaged-sized medical facility located in western Kentucky.
Methodist Hospital was operating "in an internal state of emergency" on Friday, according to its website. A section of its computer network had been rendered useless.
On March 16, the hospital got hit with ransomware, a particularly nasty type of computer virus that encrypts computer files. Hackers don't give you a key to unlock documents until they are paid a ransom.
It's only the latest medical facility to be hit this way, falling in line with a prediction by cybersecurity firm Trend Micro (TMICF) that "2016 will be the year of online extortion."
"[Hospitals] have critical information and money to pay," said Ed Cabrera, an executive at Trend Micro. "They're seen as easy targets."
In a prepared statement, Methodist said "no patient data or records were compromised." However, it did not clarify what documents were affected.
An email laced with ransomware managed to make it past the hospital's email spam filter, according to hospital spokeswoman Brandi Schwartz.
Someone opened the email, which spread the infection into the network. The hackers demanded to be paid in Bitcoin (XBT), electronic money that's difficult to trace.
The hospital would not say how much money was requested, but cybersecurity reporter Brian Krebs revealed that hackers demanded four bitcoins -- only $1,656 at today's exchange rate.
That fits with the typical business model for ransomware hackers, who target anyone they can. These hackers don't usually focus on extorting a particularly wealthy person or company. They attack the masses, hoping to rake in a little money from lots of people.
Keeping the ransom low -- typically $300 or so -- increases the likelihood people will pay to get their files back.
But in this case, Methodist Hospital refused to pay. It simply shut down the infected part of the computer system, relying instead on backup copies of the information stored elsewhere. It took five days to get back up and running by March 21.
It's unclear whether the hospital has permanently lost files that were not backed up.
The hospital said it's now coordinating with the FBI and local Henderson Police Department.
"Methodist Hospital would like to assure its patients that their information is safe and secure and has not been compromised in any way," the hospital announced.
Several American hospitals have been hit by ransomware in recent weeks, part of an alarming trend that shows no sign of stopping anytime soon.
Most notably, in February the Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center paid a $17,000 ransom in bitcoins to get its computer systems back up and running.
Local press reports describe similar attacks at other hospitals across the country.
Zach Forsyth, an executive at cybersecurity company Comodo, said these ransomware attacks are effective because hospitals rely on antiquated technology that alerts them only after an infection has occurred.
"It hasn't kept up with the aggressive technology innovation that cybercriminals undertake daily," he said.
An Orthodox Jewish school in Brooklyn has banned its students from wearing the thick-framed retro glasses that are currently in style. Borough Park's Bobover Yeshiva B'Nei Zion wrote a letter to parents advising them about the school's new policy.
“We are asking that everyone buy simple glasses,” reads the letter. “The yeshiva will not tolerate thick plastic eyeglasses. Thick frames, often seen on celebrities such as LeBron James and Justin Timberlake, give the child a very fat look.”
The school is not interested in catering to the latest fashion trends and wants its students to wear traditional clothing and eyewear, The New York Post reported.
“What we have to commit ourselves to is we have to stand on top of this and not tolerate the new modernism. The good deed that accompanied the Jews in Egypt was that they didn't change their names and clothes, and this same strength is still accompanying us and maintaining us in exile — in all generations.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
At least one person isn't impressed by the school's new policy.
“Instead of spending their energy and resources on teaching students important things about Judaism. these ultra-Orthodox Jewish schools spend their time, energy, and resources on how the children should or shouldn't dress. What a shame. It is time for new leadership,” said Brooklyn resident Moshe Drummer.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“It doesn't matter what age — a student cannot come to yeshiva with these glasses,” the letter reads.
Sources: The New York Post, Your Jewish News
undefined
Rents fall for the first time in two decades
Updated
Capital city rental prices have fallen 0.2 per cent over the past 12 months, in a worrying sign for a property market bloated with investors.
Key points: Rents have dropped 15.6 per cent in Darwin and 12.8 per cent in Perth from peak levels
Melbourne, Sydney, Canberra and Hobart recorded modest annual rental growth
Real estate advertiser Domain says it expects "upward pressure" on rents in most capitals
It is the first time in the 20-year history of CoreLogic RP Data's Rental Review that it has recorded annual rental rates falling and it highlights the patchy nature of the market.
There were significant, and unsurprising, drops in resource-exposed towns, with Darwin rents plummeting 11.5 per cent and Perth dropping 8.4 per cent over the past 12 months.
Darwin rents are now sitting more than 15 per cent below their peak levels, while Perth is off almost 13 per cent as the end of the resources boom sees population growth in these cities stalling.
Even in the large east coast capitals, rents were barely keeping up with general inflation - Melbourne rents rose 2 per cent, and Sydney picked up a modest 1.4 per cent.
Over the month of March, combined capital city unit and house rents picked up, but CoreLogic RP Data researcher Cameron Kusher said that is likely to be seasonal demand and he does not expect the increases to continue.
"The extra accommodation supply, as a result of the current building boom, along with the recent record high levels of investment purchasing is adding substantial new dwelling supply to the rental market at a time when the rate of population growth is slowing from quarter to quarter," he observed.
Data from the Bureau of Statistics show that dwelling approvals are sitting around record highs, indicating construction activity is set to deliver tens of thousands of additional units to the market.
"In all probability, there won't be much scope for landlords to lift rental rates given current conditions have given greater negotiation opportunities to those in rental situations," said Mr Kusher.
Contradictory Domain report predicts rising rents
The comments counter research from Fairfax's real estate advertising website Domain, which predicts rents in most capital cities "will continue to rise".
"Despite the recent influx of home building, we can expect to see upward pressure on both house and unit rents in most capital cities continuing in the foreseeable future," said Domain chief economist Dr Andrew Wilson.
"It has been a positive quarter for investors in Melbourne with unit rents rising to record levels and vacancy rates falling, despite an unprecedented new apartment boom."
Domain's data shows the only way is not up for rents though, the December quarter report shows Sydney unit rents falling from $510 to $500 per week over the period before bouncing back in March.
Even if rents are rising, returns for investors are not looking so good.
The two most expensive markets - Sydney and Melbourne - have seen rental yields fall from 3.6 to 3.4 per cent and 3.3 to 3.1 per cent respectively according to CoreLogic RP Data.
Topics: housing-industry, economic-trends, australia
First posted
Elisha Coy Milk Cacao Black Sugar Scrub is the most delicious thing I've never eaten. Note I said “never eaten”, as this isn't something you ingest, it's something you luxuriate in. If you don't come away from the experience of using this feeling like a pampered Royal from the Kingdom du Chocolat then you might not be human.*
*Ok, I admit you may be human but you've got something wrong with the wiring in your brain 😉 In all seriousness though, if you're not a fan of chocolate, you most certainly won't enjoy this product. It's a chocolate bomb, in the worst way possible if you're not a fan of cacao but in the best way possible if you are.
Let's take a look at the description.
“ElishaCoy's Milk Cacao Black Sugar Scrub is perfect for the removal of blackheads and keratin on the face thanks to its black sugar ingredients that serves as a superior pore cleanser. It is made from cacao that is rich in polyphenols and is excellent for buildup removal and increased skin elasticity. It thoroughly removes wastes starting deep within the skin, all while nourishing and moisturizing the skin leaving it soft, supple, and resilient. Organic ingredients such as celery, white cabbage, brown rice, tomato and carrot extracts are also used for an all natural cleansing experience. Suitable for all skin types, especially those with sensitive skin. ”
First of all, I'd like to amend that last part for them. I wouldn't say “especially those with sensitive skin” because no matter how gentle this is, it's still a manual exfoliator scrub. There's almost no way to make one of these suitable for everyone. There are some skins, especially those with conditions like rosacea, that absolutely should not use these kinds of scrubs. No matter how you slice it, you're still irritating your skin when you use a scrub. That being said this is definitely more on the gentler side when it comes to scrubs. It's very emollient and rich. The sugar crystals contained within aren't the jagged skin terrorist monsters like the ones contained in say, an apricot scrub are. You should still take care when using this. It's very easy to get carried away by the scrumptious smell and over do it here. It's certainly an exercise in temperance, because sometimes I just want to scrub forever. Also another tip I'd give to make this less harsh for those of you with sensitive skin is to both wet your face beforehand, and then do a splash of water once again when this is on your face to soften up the sugar some more.
This comes in a heavy glass container but the tub itself is smaller than I expected. For some reason I had it in my head this was going to be a big ole' thing, but it's a petite jar (full of heaven). Application is dreamy, creamy, and delicious. As you can see in the picture it goes on a rich dark chocolate brown but once scrubbed it turns into a divine chocolate cake batter colour and texture. Like I said earlier, it's a struggle to not over do it with this because it just feels and smells so good. Once it's rinsed you're left with a lovely glowing skin that feels soft and smooth. Although I use this sparingly, maybe once every few weeks, this is one of my favourite indulgences in my skincare regime. I give Elisha Coy Milk Cacao Black Sugar Scrub 5 out of 5 yummy turtles.
by
A recent press release, sent by a group promoting the government's policies, bemoaned the inequities of modern state schooling by pointing out two facts. One: almost half the pupils studying health and social care at GCSE come from schools in the poorest areas. Two: about half the pupils studying advanced science GCSEs come from schools with wealthier intakes.
The implied conclusion: what horror! We are condemning poor children to a life of lifting elderly people while rich kids swish about in laboratories.
But a different thought struck me. Wouldn't it be more worrying if no one was studying health and social care? And why don't we worry that more rich kids aren't doing it?
The skills involved in caring for an elderly person with dementia, or a child with a disability, are not to be sniffed at. It's not only kindness that is needed. How many of us could argue with a terminally ill 85-year-old over her right (or not) to smoke in sheltered accommodation? Knowing the law, procedures and ethics is vital, and the foundations are taught in these courses.
Snobbery about vocational education is denying our children opportunities Read more
Presumably schools in poorer areas are currently more likely to offer health and social care to their students, hence the imbalance. But why?
The common argument is that the subject is easier than science, so offering it reflects a “low expectations” culture. Poorer kids are presumed to be less bright, so they're offered easier subjects. But if that is what is happening, then we also need to worry about the other side of this equation. The assumption that children in wealthy areas are all super-brains, and the fact they're offered only “harder” subjects, is likely to lead to them getting lower grades. That, too, is not a good situation.
Then there's the belief that health and social care “won't get you to university”. I taught the subject at sixth form and had whole classes continue into higher education. No, they didn't study medicine at Oxbridge, but then neither did our students who studied humanities and languages.
Still, it feels instinctively wrong that society's need for care workers is being resolved only by poor kids doing a subject the wealthy have eschewed. I question whether it's the schools in poor areas that are really in the wrong.
A student of mine who desperately wanted to be a hairdresser taught me an important lesson. Her parents, who had moved from Poland to give her “a better life”, were dead against it. The school, knowing she could achieve well academically, felt the same. I agreed – until I asked her: “Why hairdressing?”
“People around here have little money,” she said, “but with water, hot air and a brush I can make them feel like a superstar. Even if you are poor. If you have nothing. I take water – just water – and a brush, and make you feel better about yourself. How can I not do that?”
Why not have all pupils take a vocational option so they can see the world through a different lens?
It's a compelling answer. And an awkward one. If we buy into the press release, then unless this pupil is press-ganged into doing sciences, she will become a statistic demonstrating how a school was letting down its students.
She's not alone. Over the years I've met countless adults from well-to-do backgrounds whose parents told them they mustn't draw, cook, or fix cars for a living. It wasn't a lack of science GCSEs that stifled their dreams, it was the prejudice of the people close to them.
Another popular argument against vocational subjects at schools is that “children can learn that later”. If you want to dress hair, or care – the theory goes – you can do a course in it at some future point. But it's no easier to do an apprenticeship on £3.30 an hour when you're 30 than when you're 16. In fact, with mortgages and children, it's harder. By contrast, you can always go to university later on. Despite the government's best efforts to destroy it, the Open University, and part-time degrees, are still an option.
In the end, the question is actually whether any pupil should be studying health and social care – wealthy or poor. It seems a shame there isn't room for all children to study at least one subject that broadens their scope beyond academia. Why not have all of them take one vocational option, to see the world through a different lens? Or are the wealthy really that afraid of learning how to care?
(LifeWire) -- The whispers and pointing started as soon as Sara Price reached her assigned table at her friend's wedding reception in Houston last January. Did she have raccoon eyes from crying during the ceremony? Mismatched shoes? A giant stain on her blouse?
Single women guests at weddings can feel uncomfortable if questioned about the state of their romantic life.
Apparently it was much worse: The Dallas woman had the audacity to come to the wedding ... single. Price became the object of stares and sympathy as the only unattached person at her table.
"I tried to play it off -- I wasn't going to have a fit," says the 23-year-old marketing coordinator. "They became very protective of me, but then it was almost worse because it felt like they were pitying me."
With the most recent U.S. census data counting nearly 90 million unmarried Americans -- a whopping 41 percent of all adults -- Price is in good company. But woe to the singles who show up at the stream of summertime nuptials that constitute wedding season. From nosy questions about their marital status to tedious rituals like the bouquet toss, they get nearly as much attention as the bride and groom -- except much of it is unwanted.
"The whole emphasis in this culture is that it's a sin to be single. It's crazy," says Linnda Durre, Ph.D., an Orlando, Florida-based psychotherapist who counsels many singles. At weddings, unattached guests are "afraid of people will think they're a loser and that they can't find a date," Durre says. "It's so foolish."
Managing the merger mania
Valid or not, the stress is sometimes enough to unhinge the uncoupled. As Doree Lewak watched many of her friends head to the altar, she felt so much pressure to follow suit that she started unintentionally sabotaging her romantic relationships.
"I really drove one relationship into the ground because I panicked so much," says Lewak, a 28-year-old freelance writer from New York City. "The guy almost had no choice but to run because I didn't make the relationship about us -- I made it about getting married and put it on an artificial timeline."
Lewak learned so much from the process that she decided to pen the book "The Panic Years" -- which evidently start after 25 -- advising readers how to change their relationship strategy from petrified to proactive. "When you face so much pressure about getting married," she says, "it really chips away at your psyche."
Katie Judd is dealing with a double emotional wallop. The 26-year-old Bostonian recently broke up with her boyfriend and is helping plan her sister's October wedding. It's her younger sister, by the way -- not a small point when the pressure to pair becomes palpable.
Judd, an account executive in digital media relations, is bracing herself for rude or withering comments at her sister's celebration, where she will serve as maid of honor.
"I think it would be ... awful to hear something like, 'It will happen for you someday,' because it will sound supportive, but it's really not," Judd says.
Even those who attend weddings with significant others are not immune to snarky, intrusive questions about their relationship status. Zac Rantz of Nixa, Missouri, has gone to quite a few ceremonies with his girlfriend of eight months only to find that other guests think "just dating" isn't quite good enough.
"Everyone else can think we're the perfect couple, and we can agree, but that doesn't mean we're ready to get married," says Rantz, 28, a school district public information officer. "These questions can be awkward, because it's between the two of us and not everyone else."
Aside from avoiding annoying queries and dodging the dreaded bouquet toss -- "I sneak out before that," says Price -- how can singles keep their dignity at weddings and have fun in the process? The most effective tactic may be to get out of their own heads, says Clay Cockrell, a Manhattan-based therapist who counsels many singles.
"All eyes are on the bride," says Cockrell, 38. "While you may feel uncomfortable about being single, it's really not about you. Realizing that you are not the focus of attention can reduce anxiety."
As for the happy couple, Cockrell offers several tips to help them show more sensitivity to their single guests at the reception:
• Plan a fun table. Scattering your single friends throughout the room isolates them and can place them in awkward situations. Avoid this by putting them all together.
• Don't ban the Chicken Dance. You may hate group dances such as the Macarena and the Electric Slide, but remember that singles like to dance, too, and making them watch countless slow dances between couples can be excruciating.
• Empathize. Try to remember what it was like to go to weddings when you were single. If you toss the bouquet, refrain from yelling out singles' names or dragging them to the floor.
• Keep in mind that wedded bliss is great ... for you: Baltimore wedding planner Linnyette Richardson-Hall, 47 and divorced, has had many a client try to fix her up at their nuptials during her 16 years in the business. "A lot of times when you're happy like that, you want everyone on that train," she says. "But I think I'll stay at the station."
LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers. Maureen Salamon is a New Jersey-based freelance writer
All About Weddings • Celebrity Weddings
"Don't be afraid to experiment."
Tell us about yourself.
I'm 18 years old and live in Sicily, a beautiful and forgotten island in the Mediterranean. I'm attending the last year of high school.
When and how did the film journey begin for you?
My first approach to photography was precisely with film. My mom gave me her camera when I was 12 and since then I have not stopped. Now I have my own camera, I improved my technique and the choice of films is more sophisticated, but the desire to experiment with it remains the same.
What Could we always find in your gear bag?
I shoot on the road, during travels and expeditions, so I try to keep my backpack as light as possible. My camera, a 35mm lens, a few rolls.
What camera makes you click?
I use different cameras, I like to experiment with them: from compact cameras to SLR. Anything that gets in my hands.
Who are your models?
Most of my models are friends and fellow travelers. There is no real preparation before shooting. If they are not accustomed to the lens, I just wait and they forget about the shoot.
What inspires you most?
Unlike others, I don't find most of my inspiration in other photographers.
I think that music is my greatest inspiration. As well as the beauty of wilderness, the Beat Generation and Mike Cahill's films contribute considerable.
Do you have any advice for film photographers out there?
Don't be discouraged if results don't match expectations, don't be afraid to experiment and continue to print your photos. Fight this digital desert.
Do you think you will still be shooting film in 20 years?
I'm very fond of film and I'll never give it up. I can do digital photography too, but without it altogether, I don't think I would succeed.
You can find Fabrizio Milazzo here:
blogspot
Colorado officials are hoping the difference of one-hundredth of a mile will curb thefts of highway markers after the 420 mile marker sign along Interstate 70 was targeted multiple times.
Amy Ford of the Colorado Department of Transportation says the "MILE 420" sign near Stratton was stolen for the last time sometime in the last year, and officials replaced it with a sign that says "MILE 419.99."
The number "420" has long been associated with marijuana, though its origins as shorthand for pot are murky.
Ford says it's the only "420" sign to be replaced in the state that recently legalized recreational marijuana. Most highways aren't long enough to need one.
“Obviously people steal these signs,” Ford said, the Denver Post reported. “In the past, if a sign was stolen too much we wouldn't replace it. This is sort of an innovative way for us to keep the sign there,” she said.
Mile 419.99, about 25 miles from the Kansas border, isn't the only place in Colorado with a fractional mile marker. Cameron Pass in Larimer County has a "MILE 68.5" sign after frequent thefts of the "MILE 69" sign.
Click for more from The Denver Post.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Hello dear visitor, and welcome to my Patreon page! My name is Boris Dalstein , I am a French mathematician, computer scientist, and software engineer, but most importantly, I am an animation lover. I hold a PhD in Computer Science from UBC , and I have worked at various companies and research institutes such as Inria Disney Research , and more recently Pixar Animation Studios Animation is a fascinating medium where art and science complement each other, enabling creative minds to tell powerful stories that have influenced many generations, and will continue to influence generations to come. Unfortunately, creating high-quality animation is still a very time-consuming and skill-demanding process. For this reason, in October 2017, I founded a startup called "VGC Sofware", whose mission is to build the next generation of tools to make this process easier. More precisely, I am planning to release two products in July 2020, called VGC Illustration and VGC Animation, which are the successors of VPaint VGC Illustration will be a vector graphics editor , that is, a competitor of products such as Adobe Illustrator CorelDRAW , or Inkscape . The difference is that unlike these existing programs, VGC Illustration will be based on vector graphics complexes , a technology that we developed and presented at SIGGRAPH 2014. The key breakthrough behind the technology was to discover a novel way to keep track of the connectivity between all the strokes, which makes it very intuitive to edit illustrations or animations. For example, this technology allows artists to easily represent 2D shapes which are "connected" to one another, such as two countries sharing a common border. These are typically painful to create and edit using existing tools, because the common border has to be created twice and edited separately, while they are natively represented using vector graphics complexes. The video below showcases early examples of what is possible with this technology.Meanwhile, VGC Animation will be a vector-based 2D animation system, that is, a competitor of products such as Adobe Animate (formerly Adobe/Macromedia Flash), ToonBoom Harmony Synfig , or OpenToonz . To some extent, VGC Animation will also be a competitor to raster-based 2D animation systems such as TVPaint or Krita . VGC Animation will be based on vector animation complexes , an extension of vector graphics complexes that supports animation. Again, what will make VGC Animation stand out compared is that its competitors is that its representation of shapes with shared boundary makes it extremely well suited for automatic inbetweening. Also, it allows representing vector animations of shapes that "split and merge" in ways that were not possible before. Below is a technical video giving some insight on this novel data structure.Starting July 2020, VGC Illustration and VGC Animation will be released yearly (example: VGC Animation 2020, VGC Animation 2021, etc.), under a commercial open-source model A license key for VGC Illustration 2020 will cost, while a license key for VGC Animation 2020 will cost. Each license key allows a single user to use the software on any number of devices, on any number of platforms (Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux). License keys are perpetual, that is, they never expire. This means that you will still be able to use VGC Illustration 2020 five years later without paying any extra fee. However, you will need to pay for an upgrade if you want to use newer versions. The cost of the upgrade from one year to the next will befor VGC Illustration, andfor VGC Animation.Despite being distributed commercially, both apps will in fact be open-source and publicly developed on GitHub under the Apache 2.0 license. Also, no license key will be required to use the software on Linux, that is, the software will be completely free of charge for Linux users. This is my way to say thank you and give back the open-source community (my work relies heavily on open-source software), and also a way to encourage more users to try Linux.Every few months, I am releasing a so-called "progress report", which is a video where I explain what has been done since the preceding progress report. You can watch them all here:Do you find this project promising, and wonder how you could help? Well, you've come to the right place! The most helpful way is to support me financially right here, on Patreon — or on Tipeee if you prefer paying in euros. Indeed, I am working full-time on this project, so financial support from curious minds like yours (I know you are, if you've read that far!) is currently my only source of revenue.How does it work? You simply choose a monthly amount to give, starting at $1 per month, and in exchange for your generosity, you get exclusive rewards based on how much you give!For $1 per month , you get access to alpha/beta versions of the software, so you can try it out early on! (the first alpha version is planned for October/November 2018). Also, you get access to private text progress reports.For $3 per month , you also get a perpetual license key of the first stable version of both VGC Illustration and VGC Animation! Of course, you can stop your monthly donations at any time, your license keys stay valid. This is a great deal compared to what you would pay in 2020 for them! For example, let us suppose that you stay a sponsor for a 1-year period, you would pay 12 x $3 = $36, instead of $118.By giving more, you can also get software updates for up to 10 years! I let you look on the rewards section for more detail.Thank you!
Announcement of ACRIDS product line for Precision Airdrop Systems
by Staff Writers
Noordwijk, The Netherlands (SPX) Jul 09, 2012
ACRIDS is a mature product line of reusable systems that are able to autonomously deliver cargo with a weight of up to 1000 kg (2200 lbs) to a pre-designated location on the ground, with an accuracy of 50 meters. The ACRIDS system can be dropped from altitudes up to 25,000 feet and supports NATO standard release methods and cargo containers.
The Dutch SSBV Aerospace and Technology Group (SSBV) has unveiled its ACRIDS product line for Precision Airdrop Systems.
ACRIDS, an acronym for Aerial Cargo Rider System, is based on the use and further development of the SPADES Precision Airdrop technology from Dutch Space B.V. For this purpose, SSBV and Dutch Space B.V. have entered into an agreement regarding the purchase and transfer of the SPADES Precision Airdrop technology earlier this year.
As part of the agreement, SSBV has acquired the Intellectual Property rights, existing systems, hardware and software components and background information related to the SPADES technology.
The original development was established through a co-operation between the Netherlands MoD, Dutch Space and the Netherlands Aerospace Laboratory (NLR). Through the acquisition, the further development and commercialisation activities of the system are now the responsibility of SSBV, who is maintaining the close co-operation with NLR.
ACRIDS is a mature product line of reusable systems that are able to autonomously deliver cargo with a weight of up to 1000 kg (2200 lbs) to a pre-designated location on the ground, with an accuracy of 50 meters. The ACRIDS system can be dropped from altitudes up to 25,000 feet and supports NATO standard release methods and cargo containers.
The system is composed of a steerable parachute and a control unit which contains a GPS receiver, sensors, actuators, batteries and a computer with an innovative autopilot which continuously monitors the current location, heading and altitude of the system, corrects for wind and other flight parameters and ensures a smooth landing at a pre-designated location on the ground.
The ACRIDS product line is further developed and marketed by SSBV Defence and Security B.V., which also provides high-tech systems for Signal Intelligence (SIGINT), Satellite communications and a new generation of compact airborne Synthetic Aperture Radar systems.
Republicans consistently support corporation-friendly policies, the author writes. | REUTERS GOP's sham support for workers
Last week, House Republicans voted against working families by passing the misleadingly named Working Families Flexibility Act. In the lead up to the vote, the House Republicans' campaign arm, the NRCC, unveiled a digital ad campaign targeting “mommy blogs” in hopes of convincing people that they are on the side of working families.
In reality, they dusted off a decades-old bill that that, despite its name, makes it more difficult for working parents to take time to care for their children. The ads lambaste Democrats for not supporting their proposal, which empowers employers to pay their employees less.
Story Continued Below
Meanwhile, Democrats in this Congress have introduced several meaningful bills that would actually expand and protect working families' ability to earn a fair wage, care for sick family members, and access healthcare. These bills currently do not have support from any Republicans, yet Republicans are trying to put Democrats on the defensive on these issues.
But the significance of the NRCC's campaign is not their support for bad policy – Republicans consistently support policies that make life easier for corporations, not the families they employ, moms in particular. They voted against the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act in 2009, blocked the Pay Equity Act, and continue to block pro-middle class policies like the Healthy Families Act, the Paycheck Fairness Act, and expanding the Family and Medical Leave Act. And who is surprised, when House Speaker John Boehner once said that with the passage of FMLA in 1993 “the light of freedom will grow dimmer.”
What is significant about this campaign is that Republicans appear to have realized that modernizing workplace policies to help women and families is becoming an increasingly powerful electoral issue. And they're right.
In 2012, women voted for President Obama by a 12-point margin. Post-election polls found that the candidates' positions on policies that directly impact middle class women were at the core of why they voted the way they did. A post-election survey for National Partnership for Women & Families found that 96 percent of self-described Democrats, 87 percent of Independents, and 73 percent of Republicans believe it is important for Congress to consider new laws including paid sick days and family and medical leave insurance. And a Grove Insight poll on behalf of EMILY's List found 78 percent of women voters in 2012 believed it is important to create laws ensuring women make equal pay for equal work. These issues transcend partisan and gender lines, and countless focus groups reaffirm voter frustrations with elected officials who stand in the way of these common-sense policies.
If This Isn't Nice, What Is? Kurt Vonnegut's Advice to the Young on Kindness, Computers, Community, and the Power of Great Teachers
Kurt Vonnegut (November 11, 1922–April 11, 2007) was a man of discipline, a champion of literary style, a kind of modern sage and poetic shaman of happiness, and one wise dad. After the publication of his now-legendary 1969 satirical novel Slaughterhouse-Five, Vonnegut added another point of excellence to his résumé: He became one of the country's most celebrated and sought-after commencement speakers, and like other masters of the genre — including Neil Gaiman, David Foster Wallace, Debbie Millman, Anna Quindlen, Bill Watterson, Joseph Brodsky, and Ann Patchett — he bestowed his gift of wit and wisdom upon throngs of eager young people entering the so-called “real world.”
If This Isn't Nice, What Is?: Advice to the Young (public library) collects the graduation addresses the beloved writer delivered at nine different colleges over the quarter century between 1978 and 2004, among which are his poignant and heartening remarks to the women of the graduating class at Agnes Scott College in Decatur, Georgia, delivered on May 15, 1999 — the speech from which this entire collection borrows its title.
With his signature self-deprecation, Vonnegut reflects on the gift of compassion and how we — as a civilization, a culture, and as individuals — have failed it:
I am so smart I know what is wrong with the world. Everybody asks during and after our wars, and the continuing terrorist attacks all over the globe, “What's gone wrong?” What has gone wrong is that too many people, including high school kids and heads of state, are obeying the Code of Hammurabi, a King of Babylonia who lived nearly four thousand years ago. And you can find his code echoed in the Old Testament, too. Are you ready for this? “An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.” A categorical imperative for all who live in obedience to the Code of Hammurabi, which includes heroes of every cowboy show and gangster show you ever saw, is this: Every injury, real or imagined, shall be avenged. Somebody's going to be really sorry.
Though Vonnegut described himself as a Humanist — a secular set of beliefs to which Isaac Asimov also subscribed as an alternative to religion — and even called himself an atheist in another commencement address, he points to the story of Jesus Christ not as a religious teaching but as a cultural narrative that bequeaths a valuable moral disposition:
When Jesus Christ was nailed to a cross, he said, “Forgive them, Father, they know not what they do.” What kind of man was that? Any real man, obeying the Code of Hammurabi, would have said, “Kill them, Dad, and all their friends and relatives, and make their deaths slow and painful.” His greatest legacy to us, in my humble opinion, consists of only twelve words. They are the antidote to the poison of the Code of Hammurabi, a formula almost as compact as Albert Einstein's “E = mc2.”
Vonnegut makes sure his disposition toward religion isn't misunderstood and the religiosity of these tales doesn't obscure his larger point:
I am a Humanist, or Freethinker, as were my parents and grandparents and great grandparents — and so not a Christian. By being a Humanist, I am honoring my mother and father, which the Bible tells us is a good thing to do. But I say with all my American ancestors, “If what Jesus said was good, and so much of it was absolutely beautiful, what does it matter if he was God or not?” If Christ hadn't delivered the Sermon on the Mount, with its message of mercy and pity, I wouldn't want to be a human being. I would just as soon be a rattlesnake. Revenge provokes revenge which provokes revenge which provokes revenge — forming an unbroken chain of death and destruction linking nations of today to barbarous tribes of thousands and thousands of years ago.
This disposition, Vonnegut argues, is a personal choice, an individual moral obligation, something to cultivate within ourselves — even it means going against the cultural current:
We may never dissuade leaders of our nation or any other nation from responding vengefully, violently, to every insult or injury. In this, the Age of Television, they will continue to find irresistible the temptation to become entertainers, to compete with movies by blowing up bridges and police stations and factories and so on… But in our personal lives, our inner lives, at least, we can learn to live without the sick excitement, without the kick of having scores to settle with this particular person, or that bunch of people, or that particular institution or race or nation. And we can then reasonably ask forgiveness for our trespasses, since we forgive those who trespass against us. And we can teach our children and then our grandchildren to do the same — so that they, too, can never be a threat to anyone.
He then turns an optimistic eye toward the creative arts — the music, painting, literature, film, theater, and all the humane ideas that “make us feel honored to be members of the human race” — urging the graduating women to consider how they would contribute to that world and offering them a gender-appropriate revision of Robert Browning's famous line, replacing his word “man,” an old-timey linguistic convention denoting a human being, with “woman”:
A woman's reach should exceed her grasp, or what's a heaven for?
Vonnegut turns to the nature of human relationships and what he considers to be the only true source of friction for lovers, often mistaken for more superficial motives:
You should know that when a husband and wife fight, it may seem to be about money or sex or power. But what they're really yelling at each other about is loneliness. What they're really saying is, “You're not enough people.” […] If you determine that that really is what they've been yelling at each other about, tell them to become more people for each other by joining a synthetic extended family — like the Hell's Angels, perhaps, or the American Humanist Association, with headquarters in Amherst, New York — or the nearest church.
This, in fact — this passionate advocacy for the value of community, of finding your tribe — is something Vonnegut reiterates across his many commencement speeches. In another address, he, the father of seven children, argues that the modern family is simply too small, leaving too much room for loneliness and boredom, and advises: “I recommend that everybody here join all sorts of organizations, no matter how ridiculous, simply to get more people in his or her life. It does not matter much if all the other members are morons. Quantities of relatives of any sort are what we need.” Such counsel seems, in hindsight, particularly at odds with something else he proclaimed when he stood before the women of Agnes Scott College that spring afternoon in 1999:
Computers are no more your friends, and no more increasers of your brainpower, than slot machines… Only well-informed, warm-hearted people can teach others things they'll always remember and love. Computers and TV don't do that. A computer teaches a child what a computer can become. An educated human being teaches a child what a child can become. Bad men just want your bodies. TVs and computers want your money, which is even more disgusting. It's so much more dehumanizing!
The latter, of course, is something only a man can say — but given what a warm-hearted and thoughtful man Vonnegut was, the safe and decent thing to do would be to attribute such a well-meaning but ignorant remark not to ill intent but to his all too deeply engrained Y chromosome, or more precisely to his having unwittingly swum with the current his whole life.
More importantly, however, it's interesting to consider that Vonnegut — writing in 1999, before Facebook and Twitter and most current thriving online communities existed — so readily dismisses the connective potentiality of “computers” (and even advises those women who may want to pursue motherhood to “keep that kid the hell away from computers… unless you want it to be a lonesome imbecile”) while in the same breath urging us to seek out “a synthetic extended family.” He even admonishes: “Don't try to make yourself an extended family out of ghosts on the Internet. Get yourself a Harley and join the Hell's Angels instead.” One ought to wonder how Vonnegut might feel if he were alive today to witness many of these initially online-only “ghostly” connections blossom into deep and real relationships offline, the best of them of the lifelong kind.
A curmudgeonly celebrator at heart but a celebrator above all, Vonnegut then returns to his optimistic vision for these young women's lives:
By working so hard at becoming wise and reasonable and well-informed, you have made our little planet, our precious little moist, blue-green ball, a saner place than it was before you got here. […] Most of you are preparing to enter fields unattractive to greedy persons, such as education and the healing arts. Teaching, may I say, is the noblest profession of all in a democracy.
(A necessary aside here: If any of Vonnegut's words to the young women appear patronizing, this is more a function of the genre than of the man: Lest we forget, the basic rhetoric of the commencement address is one where a patronly “father figure” (or a matronly “mother figure”) gets up in front of a green crop of young minds and proceeds to dispense wisdom on how to live — wisdom that comes from a hard-earned, know-better place of having lived it himself or herself. The very point of a commencement address, it's safe to say, is to be willingly patronized.)
Vonnegut's closing remarks are, perhaps unsurprisingly, a gladdening celebration of books and reading:
Don't give up on books. They feel so good — their friendly heft. The sweet reluctance of their pages when you turn them with your sensitive fingertips. A large part of our brains is devoted to deciding whether what our hands are touching is good or bad for us. Any brain worth a nickel knows books are good for us.
He concludes with a wonderful anecdote about his Uncle Alex, from which this entire collection borrows its title:
One of the things [Uncle Alex] found objectionable about human beings was that they so rarely noticed it when they were happy. He himself did his best to acknowledge it when times were sweet. We could be drinking lemonade in the shade of an apple tree in the summertime, and Uncle Alex would interrupt the conversation to say, “If this isn't nice, what is?” So I hope that you will do the same for the rest of your lives. When things are going sweetly and peacefully, please pause a moment, and then say out loud, “If this isn't nice, what is?”
And just to drive his point home in the most heartfelt way possible, Vonnegut ends with a soul-warming exercise:
That's one favor I've asked of you. Now I ask for another one. I ask it not only of the graduates, but of everyone here, parents and teachers as well. I'll want a show of hands after I ask this question. How many of you have had a teacher at any level of your education who made you more excited to be alive, prouder to be alive, than you had previously believed possible? Hold up your hands, please. Now take down your hands and say the name of that teacher to someone else and tell them what that teacher did for you. All done? If this isn't nice, what is?
If This Isn't Nice, What Is? is a spectacular read in its entirety, brimming with Vonnegut's unflinching convictions and timeless advice to the young. Complement it with more of history's greatest commencement addresses, including Anna Quindlen on the essential ingredients of happiness, David Foster Wallace on the meaning of life, Neil Gaiman on the resilience of the creative spirit, Ann Patchett on storytelling and belonging, and Joseph Brodsky on winning the game of life, Debbie Millman on courage and the creative life, and Bill Watterson on not selling out.
Might want to put down a tarp now, because your shit is going to fly everywhere after you watch this:
You're probably thinking now, what the hell did I just watch? That's OK, that's a normal reaction; you're just in shock.
Take a few deep breaths and watch it again.
Advertisement
Mike Senatore, a senior at Ardrey Kell High School in Charlotte, N.C., blew the roof off his school talent competition yesterday with the truly incomprehensible performance you just witnessed and are still recovering from. (On the sign-up sheet, his talent was listed as “battle flipping,” which is maybe a typo but I hope not.)
Mike (whose Twitter banner is, naturally, an action shot of The Flip) and his friends are taking a well-deserved victory lap.
Advertisement
The motherfucking table! That's the table!
Last year, research done by the Population Reference Bureau estimated that slightly more than 100 billion people have ever died. Give some thanks that you, against all odds, were alive to see this moment.
Advertisement
Hold on to your butts, here's the thing again:
Miracles are real. Sometimes teens are good.
Bitcoin's “most professional mining pool” has become its most controversial.
Following months of debate over how to scale bitcoin's transaction capacity, the conversation has become newly contentious as progress on much-hyped solutions continue to face the kinds of delays that perhaps should be expected when working with novel technologies.
This lack of progress (real or perceived) has so far most affected bitcoin's business community, many of which are dependent on technical improvements in the network for additional growth. Indeed, while bitcoin's primary development group has its share of detractors, the majority of startups and service providers continue to support Bitcoin Core and its work.
But if one, relatively new bitcoin mining pool has its way, a much anticipated scaling solution could be dead on arrival.
In recent weeks, China's ViaBTC became one of the first providers of mining software to switch its client from the official version provided by Bitcoin Core to an option provided by Bitcoin Unlimited, a rival development group that supports alternative methods of scaling that is focused on creating a more variable bitcoin block size.
But unlike Bitcoin Core, Bitcoin Unlimited does not have support for that developer group's signature scaling solution, Segregated Witness, a planned technical fix that would effectively make bitcoin's block size about 1.8 times larger than it is today by changing how information is counted toward this total.
Further, because the rules for Segregated Witness require 95% of bitcoin's hashing power to approve the transition, ViaBTC could effectively block its wider release. According to blockchain.info, over the past 24 hours, ViaBTC has accounted for 7.3% of the blocks discovered, though this has been as high as 9.6% in recent days.
Complicating matters is that despite a consensus of developers suggesting Segregated Witness is the best way to scale bitcoin, ViaBTC remains unconvinced.
In a blog post issued last week, ViaBTC criticized the proposal, suggesting that it would “fundamentally alter” the structure of bitcoin transactions.
In interview with CoinDesk, Haipo Yang, the founder and CEO of ViaBTC, said that there was nothing that would change his mind about continuing to support multiple developer groups.
He said:
“I believe bitcoin needs more development teams and I've decided to support Bitcoin Unlimited.”
Big vs small
First discussed in September 2015, Bitcoin Unlimited is a proposal whereby every individual node operator and miner would be able to choose a block size that they prefer rather than having to stick to the 1MB limit enforced by bitcoin's consensus rules. As a result, the argument goes, a kind of block size market will emerge that meets the demands of the network at that time.
The argument set forth by Bitcoin Unlimited is that blocks are beginning to fill up, making it slower for people's transactions to process. In turn, the argument is that fees are rising as well, which is stifling bitcoin adoption and prohibiting user growth.
Changing the bitcoin block size, though, does require a hard fork, which Bitcoin Core has been resistant to do. Complicating matters is that in a hard fork, two blockchains with different rule sets are created, with bitcoin miners and node operators choosing their preferred option.
If a node does not upgrade to the new software, they are cut off from the network until they upgrade, and if allowed to continue, this new blockchain could even develop into its own self-sustaining network.
Segregated Witness, by contrast, requires only a soft fork, meaning nodes are still a part of bitcoin even if they don't upgrade. They just won't be able to broadcast SegWit transactions.
Bitcoin Core has also taken the approach that bitcoin is simply a settlement layer, and that most of the small transactions should take place on top-layer platforms, such as the in-development Lightning Network.
The Bitcoin Unlimited community, including ViaBTC, disagree with this.
“Bitcoin is first and foremost a digital currency; its settlement capabilities are secondary to its monetary properties. When bitcoin loses its monetary attributes it thereby loses all utility as a settlement network,” ViaBTC wrote in its blog post.
And with more than 7% of the total network hashrate, the mining pool can have a significant say in the direction bitcoin goes. Yang also believes that more hashrate will ultimately side with Bitcoin Unlimited.
He said:
“As far as I can tell, Bitcoin Unlimited is gaining more and more support, or at least interest, including from several large pools. I believe Bitcoin Unlimited will probably succeed.”
Origins of ViaBTC
The story doesn't quite stop there, however.
As mentioned earlier, ViaBTC is a relatively unknown mining pool, and at nearly 10% of the network, it commands a lot of power for a mining pool that only launched last June.
However, Yang's explanation is that the quality of his team's software is simply a cut above what is offered by the market.
He said:
“It is the fastest pool for finding and broadcasting blocks. Since [the] beginning we have had zero orphan blocks.”
As for how he's able to achieve the feat, Yang said he used to work for Chinese Internet giant Tencent and that he did work for Zeusminer maintaining a large litecoin mining farm. Other members of the company are current Tencent employees, he added.
Yang also argued that, due to the pool's unique payment method, the bitcoin transaction fees are distributed in a more equitable nature, thus allowing miners to generate more profit.
Despite all of its innovation, however, it remains largely unprecedented for a new mining pool to launch with approximately 100PH of hashing power, and other miners have called attention to the strange traction the pool has seen.
In a tweet, BTCC's Samson Mow asserted that ViaBTC is backed by Chinese mining giant Bitcoin.
“It's well known in China that ViaBTC's backer is Bitmain. Mining pools with substantial hashrate don't just appear out of thin air,” he said.
Bitmain is the creator of the well-known Antminer mining hardware as well as the operator of both Antpool and BTC.com mining pool.
Jihan Wu, co-founder of Bitmain, has argued in the past that small blocks are dangerous to bitcoin, and he appeared at a protest event earlier this month that saw talks on alternative scaling solutions, including Bitcoin Unlimited.
When asked about Wu's involvement, Yang offered no comment, though he did hint that some relationship between the two firms might be disclosed.
Room for compromise
As for what to make of the developments, it remains clear that the road to a bitcoin scaling solution isn't yet cut and dry.
Eric Lombrozo, a Bitcoin Core developer and CEO of Ciphrex, expressed disappointment in how the scaling debate has become so politicized.
He explained that the launch of SegWit is in the economic best interest of miners because it will enable greater transaction throughput, allowing bitcoin to remain competitive in a market that increasingly offers a diverse array of blockchain solutions.
But, time will tell whether ViaBTC will follow the pack should SegWit see broad adoption. For example, as the interview went on, Yang's stance on the issue softened.
When asked whether ViaBTC would be willing to compromise if Bitcoin Unlimited did not gain further hashrate, he offered an opportunity for conversation.
He said:
“If we do remain at a standstill, I think both sides should sit down and open friendly discussions to find compromise or make concessions, so that bitcoin can keep moving forward.”
Tarot card image via Shutterstock
Activists Begin Sustained Hunger Strike, Demand That Valero Divest from Keystone XL Pipeline
HOUSTON, TX – THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2012 8:00AM –-Longtime Gulf Coast activists Diane Wilson and Bob Lindsey Jr. have locked their necks to oil tanker trucks destined for Valero's Houston Refinery in solidarity with Tar Sands Blockade's protests of TransCanada's Keystone XL pipeline. Valero Energy Corp. is among the largest investors in TransCanada's toxic tar sands pipeline that will terminate near the community of Manchester, located in the shadow of Valero's refinery. Not only are Wilson and Lindsey blockading the Valero refinery, the two lifelong friends have also vowed to begin a sustained hunger strike demanding that Valero divest from Keystone XL and invest that money into the health and well-being of the people of Manchester.
With a 90% Latino population, Manchester's relationship with the Valero refinery is a textbook case of environmental racism. Residents there have suffered through decades of premature deaths, cancers, asthma and other diseases attributable to the refinery emissions. With little financial support for lawsuits and without the political agency necessary to legislatively reign-in criminal polluters like Valero, the community suffers while Valero posts record profits.
“All my life the Gulf Coast has been an environmental sacrifice zone, and enough is enough,” declared Diane Wilson, who spent over twenty years organizing to stop chemical plants from dumping toxins directly into Gulf waters. “Keystone XL will bring to the dirtiest fuel on the planet right down to the Gulf, where already overburdened communities like Manchester will be forced to suffer even more. After decades of toxic air in Manchester, I refuse to just let them continue to punish this community. I won't eat until Valero divests from Keystone XL.”
Wilson, a fourth-generation Gulf Coast shrimper, is no stranger to civil disobedience. After years of fighting industrial pollution in her hometown of Seadrift, TX, her willingness to use civil disobedience in the struggle for clean water and the successes it wrought for her community changed the landscape of environmental justice along the Gulf Coast.
Newly designated by the Waterkeeper Alliance as the San Antonio Bay Waterkeeper, Bob Lindsey Jr. was born and raised in Calhoun County, which has the highest rate of cancer of any county in TX. Lindsey also has a shrimping heritage stretching back five generations. His sister has had four episodes of cancer, and his father and nephew both died of rare disorders while in their forties. All of these diseases are traceable to the chemical facilities around which Bob's family members lived and worked.
“Me? I'm healthy. They're the ones I'm fighting for. We have to be prepared to fight for those who can't fight for themselves or who are too afraid to fight for themselves. That's why I'm here.”
“Diane and Bob's decision to hunger strike in protest of TransCanada's Keystone XL and challenge Valero's longstanding disregard for the health and safety of the people of Manchester pushes the boundaries of the Gulf Coast environmental movement yet again, explains Ramsey Sprague, a Louisiana Gulf Coast-born Tar Sands Blockade spokesperson. “Manchester deserves justice as do all communities treated as energy sacrifice zones. Corporations like Valero and TransCanada cannot seem to function without violating the health and safety of the people everywhere from Alberta to Manchester.”
Advertisements
Have you ever put on virtual reality goggles?
Now the technology is being used at Cypress Heart & Vascular Center for patients undergoing varicose vein treatments.
Doctors say the procedures can be really painful, so the immersive technology helps reduce anxiety.
“When you immerse the patient and start hypnotizing them with the virtual reality goggles, they're totally different and their satisfaction is day and night different,” said Dr. Fadi Alameddine. “The level of pain and anxiety is at least 60-70 percent less.”
Alameddine uses VR through a Houston-based company called Oncomfort.
Oncomfort co-founder Joowon Kim says they have several VR modules designed for patients who deal with acute pain during different kinds of procedures.
One of the interactive virtual realities is for children battling cancer. It teaches them about chemotherapy and allows them to help doctors fight cancer.
“You're not just being an observer of the treatment, they are actively participating in healing their body. That really empowers them and gives them a chance to learn what's happening to them,” Kim said.
Kim says Oncomfort is currently being used for women fighting breast cancer in Belgium and France.
While trials are underway in Europe, patients here in Texas are already weighing in on the product.
“It distracted from the pain I had,” Leonard Stanford said. “It was like 9-10 going it, it was like 5-4 after going on the VR machine.”
“You still experience some of the discomfort but it distracted me enough so that I could focus on my breathing and focus on the music,” Carole Nemec said.
The Football Association and Premier League were on a collision course over Brexit on Thursday after Greg Clarke revealed he would lobby the Government to block “journeyman” European Union players moving to England.
The FA chairman drew a line in the sand after two of the country's most influential club owners, West Ham United's David Gold and Stoke City's Peter Coates, urged the Prime Minister to make footballers exempt from post-Brexit immigration controls.
Gold and Coates spoke out 24 hours after Theresa May formally triggered Article 50, notifying the EU of Britain's intention to end its 40-year membership.
Dozens of top European stars playing in the Premier League – including Manchester United's Juan Mata and Ander Herrera – would not currently qualify for post-Brexit work permits under rules governing visas for non-EU foreign players.
Rare earths are actually fairly common. What's rare is finding deposits that can be mined profitably, in part because most contain radioactive thorium. Relatively speaking, Mountain Pass—whose rare-earth deposits were discovered in 1949—is not too radioactive, and through the 1950s the ore was mostly used to make flints for lighters. In the 1960s, the pit grew deeper as demand increased for the rare-earth element europium, which was used to create the red tones in color TVs. In fact, until 1989, the expanding pit at Mountain Pass supplied most of the world's rare earths.
But in the early 1990s, cheaper Chinese rare earths began eating into the mine's market share. Deng Xiaoping famously compared China's abundance of rare earths to the Middle East's huge oil reserves. As Chinese ore came onto the market, the price fell from $11,700 a ton in 1992 to $7,430 a ton by 1996 (in constant dollars). Amassing strategic supplies suddenly seemed old-fashioned, and the U.S. government began selling off its stocks of minerals.
Mountain Pass couldn't compete on price alone—especially given the mine's growing ecological costs. In 1998, chemical processing at the mine was stopped after a series of wastewater leaks. Hundreds of thousands of gallons of water carrying radioactive waste spilled into and around Ivanpah Dry Lake.
Mark Smith, the CEO of Molycorp, which bought Mountain Pass in 2000, thinks that the environmental problems that have made the mine's operation so difficult have largely been resolved, and believes the site can be fully revived. Standing on the edge of what is now a 500-foot-deep pit, he touts his successful negotiations with 18 California regulatory agencies to reopen the mine, and points out some of the company's newfangled environmental safeguards. (One involves interlocked 18-sided plastic balls floating on standing wastewater pools to limit evaporation and prevent salts from building up after the mine eventually shuts down.) “We want to be environmentally superior, not just compliant. We want to be sustainable and be here for a long time,” he says expansively before talking about opening a permanent-magnet factory employing 900 nearby.
But Smith's effort to turn Mountain Pass into an environmentally friendly producer—call it the Whole Foods of premium free-range sustainable neodymium—comes with costs his Chinese competitors don't have to pay: for starters, $2.4 million a year on environmental monitoring and compliance. Will carmakers really be willing to pay more for local minerals and homegrown magnets? “Absolutely,” Smith says, noting that the mine's historic customers in the U.S. and Japan have given their assurances.
Over the next 30 years, Molycorp is permitted to make its pit 300 feet deeper, which could increase the world's supply of rare earths by 10 percent or more a year. But the consequences of the nascent green nationalism behind the mine's revival—a weird amalgam of environmentalism, economics, and national security—will likely be less predictable. Consider the views of the industry analyst Jack Lifton—by no stretch your standard environmental activist (“I don't give a rat's ass about global warming”). To protect U.S. industry from supply shocks, he has called on the government to mandate the recycling of strategic minerals. A “bottle bill” for cars, long dismissed as an environmentalist's dream, is just one possible outcome. Another could be a backlash of resource nationalism in supplier nations like China. As green nationalism's potent mix of idealism and fear changes the kinds of cars we drive, it also promises to change the course of globalization.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
NFL players across the league knelt, locked arms, raised their fists and even refused to come out of the locker room during the national anthem Sunday. They were joined by coaches and even owners.
It comes in the wake of President Donald Trump's recent comments and tweets on protests during the anthem.
It started early Sunday morning in London, as more than a dozen Baltimore Ravens and Jacksonville Jaguars players knelt during the U.S. national anthem at Wembley Stadium. The kneeling players then stood for the singing of the U.K. national anthem.
Ravens coach John Harbaugh, Jaguars coach Doug Marrone and Jaguars owner Shad Khan stood with the players during the anthem.
Ravens players never protested during the national anthem before Sunday's game against the Jaguars. AP Photo/Matt Dunham
Trump on Friday night criticized NFL players who lodge protests during the national anthem.
Speaking at a political rally in Huntsville, Alabama, Trump said: "Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now. Out. He's fired! He's fired!"
On Sunday, Trump tweeted he was pleased to see so many NFL players locking arms while also decrying those who knelt. He later tweeted the NFL needed to change its policy concerning anthem protests.
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017
Ravens linebacker Terrell Suggs, however, said it was Trump's comments that incited some players to kneel, including himself.
"Personally, I think the comments made about my brothers who decided to protest and kneel is kind of what made us no longer be silent," Suggs said. "We stand with our brothers. They have the right to protest. We knelt with them today. Non-violent protest is as American as it gets. We knelt with them today and let them know we are a unified front. There is no dividing us. I guess we're all sons of b----es."
Added teammate Mike Wallace: "Sometimes when you feel things go to far, you have to make a statement. I felt strongly about it. ... After yesterday, it went too far. I just felt strongly about it today. So I did what I did. I didn't need anybody to tell me yes, no, whatever. That was just the way I felt."
There was scattered booing by fans in all stadiums as protests were made Sunday.
In Chicago, as the anthem began in Soldier Field, several Pittsburgh Steelers coaches were on the sideline, including coach Mike Tomlin, while the players were not present as they stayed in the locker room.
The Steelers players took the field within a few seconds of the anthem's conclusion, just after the fireworks launch, with quarterback Ben Roethlisberger one of the first out of the tunnel. Left tackle Alejandro Villanueva, an Army Ranger who served in Afghanistan, was seen on the CBS broadcast at the edge of the tunnel during the anthem, hand over heart.
The Seattle Seahawks and Tennessee Titans also stayed in the locker room during the national anthem before their game in Nashville later Sunday afternoon.
"We showed we have power as people and that's what we were doing today. I think that it was super impressive," Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennett said after the Seahawks' 33-27 loss.
An NFL official told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter that no fines are being considered for those players who stayed in the locker room during the anthem.
NFL owners were among those across the league who responded this weekend to President Trump's comments and tweets.
New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft on Sunday became the first NFL owner who made a donation to Trump's campaign to speak out.
"I am deeply disappointed by the tone of the comments made by the President on Friday," Kraft said. "I am proud to be associated with so many players who make such tremendous contributions in positively impacting our communities. Their efforts, both on and off the field, help bring people together and make our community stronger."
During the playing of the anthem prior to the Patriots' game against the Houston Texans, Tom Brady stood and locked arms while 20 or so of his teammates knelt. All of the Texans stood and locked arms.
New Orleans Saints running backs Adrian Peterson, Mark Ingram and Alvin Kamara were among a group of 10 players who sat on the bench during the national anthem for the first time Sunday at Carolina.
No Saints players had sat or knelt during the anthem before -- though they did organize a teamwide display of unity and hand-holding with the rival Falcons after the anthem on a Monday Night Football game last year.
Saints quarterback Drew Brees was among those standing for the anthem. After the game, he passionately explained why he'd continue to do so.
"I will always feel that, if you are an American, that the national anthem is the opportunity for us all to stand up together, to be unified, and to show respect for our country," Brees said. "To show respect for what it stands for, the birth of our nation. There will always be issues with our country, there will always be things we're battling. And we should always strive to make those things better. But if the protests become that we're going to sit down, or kneel, or not show the respect to the flag of the United States of America and everything that it symbolizes, everything it stands for, and everything our country has been through to get to this point... I do not agree with that.
"I feel like that is a unifying thing. The national anthem and standing for the national anthem, and looking at the flag with a hand over the heart is a unifying thing that should bring us all together. And say, 'You know what? We know things are not where they should be, but we're going to work and strive to make things better.' To bring equality to all people -- men, women, no matter your race, creed, religion, it doesn't matter. Equality for all. But if you're an American, then I will always believe that we should be standing, showing respect for our flag, with our hand over our heart."
Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie, executives and players locked arms with servicemen and women and police officers during the playing of the anthem, and safety Malcolm Jenkins -- who has been demonstrating for social justice since Week 2 of last season -- continued to raise his first above his head.
Defensive end Chris Long has placed an arm around Jenkins as a sign of support since the events in his hometown of Charlottesville, Virginia, in August. He was joined by several teammates surrounding Jenkins this week. Wide receivers Torrey Smith and Marcus Johnson also raised their fists.
Green Bay Packers tight end Martellus Bennett, who had stood with his fist raised for the past two games, instead sat on the bench during the anthem. He was joined by teammates Lance Kendricks and Kevin King as other Packers players linked arms in two ground on their sideline.
Dolphins owner Stephen Ross, Falcons owner Arthur Blank and Vikings owners Zygi and Mark Wilf were on the field with their teams, locking arms with players while the anthem was played.
Blank said he stood on the sideline not only to show support for the players and coaches, but also to back his public statement denouncing President Trump's criticism of players protesting during the anthem.
Across the field, Tampa Bay Buccaneers players DeSean Jackson and Mike Evans knelt during the anthem.
In Detroit, anthem singer Rico LaVelle took a knee and raised his fist at the conclusion of the song.
Detroit Lions owner Martha Ford and her three daughters, who are usually long gone from the field by the time player introductions begin, remained on the sideline as Detroit's team was introduced and stood next to Jim Caldwell with linked arms. Fans booed the Lions as they protested, which included eight players linking arms while kneeling.
The crowd in Indianapolis also booed loudly as the Colts locked arms and some knelt. About 20 Cleveland Browns players -- all African-American -- knelt during the anthem. Browns running back Duke Johnson, in a group standing behind those who knelt -- apparently in support -- waved the crowd on.
The entire Buffalo Bills sideline took the unusual step of walking about 10 yards toward the middle of the field for the national anthem. Several players then knelt for the national anthem. More than 30 players from the Denver Broncos knelt during the anthem, including members of the practice squad.
Every New York Jets player, coach and staff member linked arms during the anthem. Acting owner Christopher Johnson, the younger brother of owner Woody Johnson, was among them.
For the first time, there were players on the New York Giants -- Damon Harrison, Olivier Vernon and Landon Collins -- who knelt during the anthem. Other players stood with arms locked.
More than 10 Kansas City Chiefs players sat during the anthem. On the opposing sideline, most Los Angeles Chargers players locked arms, a few sat down and one -- Melvin Ingram -- took a knee.
"I have tremendous respect for our flag and the men and women who defend it," said a statement by Chargers owner Dean Spanos, who stood with players, coaches and GM Tom Telesco with locked arms. "Ours is the greatest nation in the world, one in which people are able to speak freely and stand up publicly for their beliefs. Our players, as do all Americans, have every right to speak their mind and from their heart. It was an honor to join them on the field today."
The Carolina Panthers stood for the anthem, as they have since the season began. Julius Peppers was not on the field, however, and said after the game that he made the choice to do so because he felt it was the appropriate thing to do.
"I want to get one thing clear," Peppers said. "This wasn't about disrespecting the military, the flag, police, first responders, none of that. It was about me making a decision as a man on my own two feet, and I wasn't going to ask somebody else to do anything with me.
"I just thought it was appropriate to stay in because we know what went on this week with the comments that were made by the president. I felt like he attacked our brothers, my brothers in the league, so I felt that it was appropriate to stand up with them and stay in the locker room."
Panthers coach Ron Rivera, meanwhile, said he believes that all players should continue to stand.
"We need to look at the flag and listen to the national anthem," Rivera said. "We need to think it and vision it for an America that we believe in, that is free from injustice, free from bigotry and free from prejudice. Then when you guys ask me, we tell you that ... we believe in America, that we support our military, we support our first responders and we most certainly do not believe in racism and bigotry and we want to see that out of this country."
The Cincinnati Bengals also continued to stand for the anthem -- most with their arms linked. A few stood with their hands on their hearts. Nobody on the Bengals has kneeled during the national anthem since the protests began last year.
"Football and politics don't mix easily," said a statement issued by the Bengals prior to the game. "Fans come to NFL games to watch great competition on the playing field and that's where our focus should be."
Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder linked arms with corners Bashaud Breeland and Josh Norman during the national anthem before the Sunday night game against the Oakland Raiders. The entire team linked arms, but seven players opted to take a knee: receivers Jamison Crowder, Josh Doctson and Brian Quick, tight end Niles Paul and Jordan Reed and linebackers Ryan Anderson and Chris Carter.
Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said the team wanted to stay in the locker room during the anthem but because of the timing of prime-time games, they could not because they would have missed the coin toss and also have been penalized. Most of the Raiders remained seated or took a knee during the anthem, including the entire offensive line, which is comprised of all minority players and is the lone all-black starting unit in the NFL, and the defensive line. Some stood with interlocked arms, as did Del Rio, and quarterback Derek Carr appeared to pray while looking skyward and standing.
In addition, the NFL re-aired a 60-second spot -- called "Inside These Lines" -- during the Sunday night game that also appeared during Super Bowl LI. The NFL describes it as a video that "demonstrates the power of football to bring people together."
Most shoppers who use credit or debits cards have been asked for their ZIP codes at the checkout counters. It's a common practice for retailers, who typically use the information to determine more about the demographics of the areas where their customers live, and sometimes to figure out their home addresses.
But in Massachusetts, the practice is under assault.
In the past two years, at least 25 retailers have been sued for more than $100 million for requesting ZIP code information from Massachusetts customers. Most of the lawsuits have been settled or withdrawn, but the practice of asking customers for their postal codes — bits of information with a marketing value of perhaps 5 cents each — has cost retailers millions of dollars in settlements and attorneys' fees.
Advertisement
Preston Leonard, a Boston lawyer who has filed class-action lawsuits against companies including J. Crew and Brooks Brothers for collecting customer ZIP codes, said that retailers don't ask for postal codes to make sure the person swiping the card actually owns it. Instead, he said, they use the information to confirm shoppers' addresses and then bombard them with junk mail.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“A lot of people think it's required as a condition of completing the transaction, when it's not required by the card companies,” Leonard said. “The idea just generally is to gather as much data about the consumer as possible.”
On average, more than 7,000 people share a ZIP code. But by combining that information with the name on a customer's credit card and submitting it to data brokers like Experian and Epsilon, the home goods company Williams-Sonoma was able for more than 20 years to zero in on customers' home addresses every time they swiped their cards, according to sworn testimony submitted in July to a Massachusetts court by the company's director of database marketing. Williams-Sonoma's brands also include Pottery Barn and West Elm.
“With a ZIP code comes lots of other psychographic data: what kind of car you drive, what kind of beer you drink, what religion you might be,” said Lori Moretti, the founder of CM Communications, a Boston public relations firm. “There's economic information in a ZIP code.”
In Massachusetts, ZIP code cases took off after a March 2013 ruling by the state's highest court.
Advertisement
Ruling against the arts and crafts chain Michaels, the Supreme Judicial Court deemed the company's policy of asking for ZIP codes during credit card transactions illegal. The court also ruled that getting unwanted junk mail was harmful enough — inflicting at least a penny's worth of frustration — for customers to sue over it.
The plaintiff in the Michaels case said she believed that supplying her ZIP code was necessary to complete her credit card transactions at the chain. Though a lower court found that Michaels did not violate state consumer and privacy laws, the high court disagreed.
In the weeks that followed the SJC's decision in the Michaels case, Restoration Hardware, Williams-Sonoma, Kohl's, and Bed Bath & Beyond were all sued. At least 20 other cases have followed. About a third have been settled and about a half dismissed, while the rest continue to wind their way through the courts.
But attorneys for the companies and at least one skeptical judge call the Massachusetts lawsuits overkill. Lawyers who file the cases, they said, are simply gunning for the hefty payouts that could come with easy courtroom victories.
Many companies settle the cases against them to avoid the expense of a drawn-out legal battle. The hundreds of thousands of consumers involved are often mailed gift certificates worth $5 to $25, while attorneys typically get $100,000 or more, according to court records.
Advertisement
“It's so unsavory,” said Stephanie Sheridan, a San Francisco-based partner at the law firm Sedgwick who has represented companies in ZIP code litigation in California and Massachusetts. “This is sort of low-hanging fruit, to do these cases.”
The legal complaints filed in court are sometimes so similar that the only thing changed is the name of the company being sued. (Several lawyer-plaintiff duos have sued multiple companies in Massachusetts.)
In his final ruling in a federal case involving J.C. Penney in late 2013, US District Judge Richard G. Stearns complained that the plaintiff's attorneys demanded a payment that was far too large — $450,000 — especially since the outcome of ZIP code cases is “virtually preordained” in Massachusetts.
“It, for example, somewhat boggles my mind that 120 hours of research was really necessary,” Stearns said in late 2013. He reduced the payment to the attorneys to $75,000.
Consumers received about $3.5 million worth of gift cards.
Consumer lawyers defend their handling of such cases. It wouldn't be worth it for an individual to challenge a chain for just $75 — the legal maximum one person can be awarded — said Greg Blankinship, a New York lawyer who sued Michaels and has been involved in seven other ZIP code suits in Massachusetts. Class-action lawsuits, he said, are the only way to get giant corporations to respect their customers' rights.
Related coverage:
• Hotels, airlines, taxis add fees to revenue
• Banks, resolving not to fall behind, turn to Apple Pay
• Free service helps block out hated robocalls
• Parting advice to consumers from advocate
• Threats to personal data are everywhere
Jack Newsham can be reached at jack.newsham@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @TheNewsHam
As the global climate continues to change, the ability of many animal species to adapt is being put to the test. Bird populations may be at particular risk. According to the Audubon Society, nearly half of all North American bird species are severely threatened by shifts in climate. The threat reaches beyond North America and could have similar effects on global bird populations.
John Cockrem of the Institute of Veterinary, Animal and Biomedial Sciences at Massey University in New Zealand suggests that a bird's individual personality may be among the factors that could improve its chances of successfully coping with environmental stressors. He studied differences in the level of the stress hormone corticosterone that native little penguins (Eudyptula minor) secreted when exposed to stressful stimulus.
"There is considerable individual variation in corticosterone responses, and a stimulus that initiates a large response in one bird may initiate a small response in another bird," Cockrem wrote. "Corticosterone responses and behavioural responses to environmental stimuli are together determined by individual characteristics called personality. Birds with low corticosterone responses and proactive personalities are likely to be more successful (have greater fitness) in constant or predictable conditions, whilst birds with reactive personalities and high corticosterone responses will be more successful in changing or unpredictable conditions."
These findings may help in predicting the adaptability of bird species as they face a new normal. Cockrem will present the talk "Corticosterone responses and the ability of birds to cope with environmental change" at the American Physiological Society (APS) intersociety meeting "Comparative Approaches to Grand Challenges in Physiology" on October 8, 2014.
Photos by Rebecca Jackrel
Did you have any idea there are wolves in Africa? Jackals, sure. Painted dogs, yep. But wolves? Turns out the Ethiopian wolf is the only wolf species on the continent, and lives exclusively in the high-altitude areas of Ethiopia. But it is a hair's breadth away from disappearing entirely. Only 450 survive in small populations and the main threat: rabies from domestic dogs.
The Ethiopian Wolf Conservation Program spoke at last weekend's Wildlife Conservation Network Expo about the status of these unusual animals.
Domestic dogs are used by herders to protect sheep and goats, and the land used for grazing is shared with these wolves. Coming into contact with unvaccinated dogs can mean death for not only one wolf, but the entire population in that area.
The EWCP is working hard to change this, starting with the herders and vaccinating domesticated dogs. Such a simple step is harder than it seems. Educating herders on vaccinations, getting out to the dogs, raising funds to get the vaccinations in the first place -- all of this is many hours of effort. Thus far, EWCP has managed to vaccinate an astonishing 65,000 domestic dogs. And yet, it's just a start.
Another important step is vaccinating the wolves themselves. EWCP has only recently been given permission by the Ethiopian government to vaccinate populations of wolves. The strategy is to get medicine into them while disturbing them as little as possible. The solution thus far is baiting.
Rabies vaccinations can be given orally, so the team leaves out bits of bait containing a dose of medicine. The hope is that enough wolves from a population will eat the bait to protect that population should an outbreak hit. If EWCP can get even 40% of a pack vaccinated, they boost the chance of the pack surviving by 90%.
Rabies vaccinations can last up to 3 years, however, baiting is done on a rotating basis since it's a rather hit-or-miss strategy. K9s can eat more than 10 times the recommended dose without any negative side effects -- so essentially, the more baiting, the better the odds.
Photo via Wikipedia CC
Another step in protecting the wolves is protecting the habitat in which they live. But protecting the habitat would do more than just boost the odds of wolves surviving. The wolves live in high-altitude mountain areas in Ethiopia, and that's where a significant amount of the fresh water comes from. By protecting habitat for wolves in Ethiopia, the water source for 85 million people would also be protected. A win-win for everyone.
The Ethiopian Wolf Project is partnering up with EWCP this November to help document the lives of these interesting animals (whose looks and habits remind me of part wolf, part coyote) as well as the efforts made by EWCP. We'll be getting updates and images from this trip over the coming months, so stay tuned.
Follow Jaymi on Twitter for more stories like this
More on Wolves
The Fight for Protecting Wolves Heads to San Francisco's Federal Appeals Court
Oregon Legislators Vote To Protect Both Wolves & Livestock
Rocky Mountain Wolves Defended By Judge But Endangered By Congress
Social Democrat challenger Peer Steinbrück made some slight gains in the opinion polls nine days before Germany's general elections on Friday, but grabbed more headlines for his middle-finger-waving appearance in a weekly newspaper supplement.
The Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper regularly publishes pictorial "interviews" with no verbal responses, whose title roughly translates as "say nothing for now," in its SZ-Magazin supplement published each Friday.
Asked his response to the nicknames like "the Problem-Peer" or "Peerlusconi" that have arisen as a result of some campaign gaffes, Steinbrück raised his left middle finger at the camera.
The supplement's front page
"You don't always need words to speak clearly - for instance if you're constantly confronted by yesterday's news, instead of being asked about the really important issues," Steinbrück said on his official Twitter account.
At a campaign event on Thursday evening, Steinbrück spoke about the unique form of the interview that asks for an emotional response.
"You have to be a little theatrical. And I hope that this republic has the necessary sense of humor to correctly interpret these gesticulations and grimaces which must be used to answer the questions," Steinbrück said, adding he was not aware that his rogue digit was destined for the magazine's front cover.
Merkel's senior Christian Democrats did not immediately respond. The leader of their junior coalition partners the Free Democrats, Philipp Rösler, said on Twitter that "this gesture rules you out as a candidate for chancellor. You just can't do that." The socialist Left Party was similarly critical, with senior member Bernd Riexinger telling the Mitteldeutsche Zeitung that the middle finger marked the "official end of Peer Steinbrück's candidacy for chancellor."
Meager poll boost for Steinbrück
Yet, in opinion polls released on Friday morning, Steinbrück's Social Democrats had made slight gains, taking one percentage point away from Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats.
Nine days before the national election, German public broadcaster ARD released the last installment of its regular Deutschlandtrend opinion poll, with the Christian Democrats slipping to 40 percent support and the Social Democrats climbing to 28.
The Social Democrats' main allies, the Greens, held firm at 10 percent after their summer slump from around the 15-percent mark, and the socialist Left party stood at 8 percent.
Combining the projected tallies of the three main left-of-center parties would put them level-pegging with the current German coalition - however, the Greens and Social Democrats currently claim they are unwilling to team up with the Left party.
The most serious coalition negotiations will likely take place after the September 22 votes are counted. With Merkel's Free Democrat allies teetering right on the 5-percent threshold - which parties must reach to guarantee representation in the German parliament - several constellations of government remain conceivable.
A grand coalition uniting the Christian and Social Democrats was the most popular scenario with participants of the ARD poll. Forty-seven percent of participants believed such an alliance would be "good for Germany," 41 percent were excited by a Social Democrat and Green government, and 38 percent believed a continuation of the current coalition would be good for the country.
msh/kms (AFP, dpa)
On Monday, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg promoted the social media giant's new Facebook Spaces app, which allows users to remotely cast cartoon avatars of themselves walking around locations in the real world, by taking a “magical” tour of Puerto Rico.
Specifically, Zuckerberg toured parts of the commonwealth still devastated from Hurricane Maria—which has left the vast majority of the island with destroyed infrastructure, no electricity and massive storm damage—via an Oculus Rift headset. While Zuckerberg was attempting to explain how Spaces related to the company's relief efforts after major disasters, the whole thing is a tonal mess resembling nothing more than rubbernecking and disaster tourism.
“There's a lot of people who are using Spaces ... to do interviews and Q&As in VR, and to go places that it wouldn't be possible to necessarily go or definitely would be a lot harder to go in real life,” Zuckerberg told Rachel Franklin, Facebook's head of social VR, from a VR meeting on the roof of the company's headquarters.
Advertisement
After Franklin brought up the “really cool stuff that people are doing to go different places,” Zuckerberg said their next stop would be an“interesting 360 video that NPR took of what's going on down there” before teleporting to a rubble-lined bridge.
“Now we're in a 360 video in Puerto Rico, and you can kind of get a sense of what is... we're on a bridge here, it's flooded,” Zuckerberg said. “You can get a sense of some of the damage here that the hurricanes have done, and one of the things that's really magical about virtual reality is you can get the feeling that you're really in a place.”
Advertisement
“We're looking around and it is feels like we're really here in Puerto Rico, where it's obviously a tough place to get to now and a lot of people are really suffering with the aftermath of the hurricanes,” he added as the background shifted to shots of flooded streets and people clearing debris.
Jeez.
Zuckerberg explained that Facebook is “very focused on trying to help out in the recovery effort,” adding the site launched its safety check and community assistance features, as well as promoted fundraisers and dispatched employees to help re-establish connectivity. He added it was also partnering with the Red Cross to build population maps with satellite imagery to help direct rescuers and aid workers to areas where resources were most needed.
Advertisement
But while it's perhaps easy to imagine how realtime VR could aid rescue and relief efforts, Zuckerberg never really addressed the connection between charity and his cartoon avatar's trip to Puerto Rico before going back to gawking.
“Yeah, this street is just completely flooded,” Zuckerberg marveled as he looked at what was recently peoples' homes. “I mean can you guys, can you see this behind me, I mean this is what it looks like down here.”
“It's crazy to feel like you're in the middle of it,” Franklin responded.
After an awkward pause, Zuckerberg said, “Yeah, um, oh right! You wanna go teleport to somewhere else?”
Advertisement
After a quick jaunt back to the presentation floor, the duo projected themselves on the surface of the moon—a luxury not available to the millions of Puerto Ricans still struggling amid one of the worst crises in the island's history.
While this whole ordeal is perhaps not on the level of throwing paper towels to hurricane victims like they're pets instead of humans, something tells me that Zuckerberg has not completely figured out the troubling concepts of human interaction or self awareness.
Update 8:55pm ET: Something we missed flagged by The Next Web: Zuckerberg and Franklin exchanging a high five in front of flooded Puerto Rican homes.
Maro Itoje has made 14 appearances for England
Forward Maro Itoje will recover from a fractured jaw in time to be fit for the start of England's Six Nations title defence against Italy on 4 February.
Itoje, 23, had two plates inserted in his face after sustaining the injury in a defeat by Harlequins on 3 December.
But Saracens say Itoje faces a maximum of four more weeks in rehabilitation after visiting a specialist.
"Maro is probably three or four weeks away," said Saracens' director of rugby Mark McCall.
"He went to see the specialist who said a maximum of six weeks and he's already done a week and a half."
British and Irish Lion Itoje departed in the 48th minute of Saracens' 20-19 defeat at Twickenham Stoop following a collision with England team-mate Mike Brown.
He could also return for the final two rounds of Saracens' Champions Cup group campaign against the Ospreys and Northampton in January.
Itoje, who has 14 caps, started every match as Eddie Jones' England side won the 2017 title, but only featured in two autumn Tests as his playing time was managed.
AP/Natacha Pisarenko CAPE LEGOUPIL, Antarctica (AP) — From the ground in this extreme northern part of Antarctica, spectacularly white and blinding ice seems to extend forever. What can't be seen is the battle raging thousands of feet (hundreds of meters) below to re-shape Earth.
Water is eating away at the Antarctic ice, melting it where it hits the oceans. As the ice sheets slowly thaw, water pours into the sea — 130 billion tons of ice (118 billion metric tons) per year for the past decade, according to NASA satellite calculations. That's the weight of more than 356,000 Empire State Buildings, enough ice melt to fill more than 1.3 million Olympic swimming pools. And the melting is accelerating.
In the worst case scenario, Antarctica's melt could push sea levels up 10 feet (3 meters) worldwide in a century or two, recurving heavily populated coastlines.
Parts of Antarctica are melting so rapidly it has become "ground zero of global climate change without a doubt," said Harvard geophysicist Jerry Mitrovica.
Here on the Antarctic peninsula, where the continent is warming the fastest because the land sticks out in the warmer ocean, 49 billion tons of ice (nearly 45 billion metric tons) are lost each year, according to NASA. The water warms from below, causing the ice to retreat on to land, and then the warmer air takes over. Temperatures rose 5.4 degrees Fahrenheit (3 degrees Celsius) in the last half century, much faster than Earth's average, said Ricardo Jana, a glaciologist for the Chilean Antarctic Institute.
As chinstrap penguins waddled behind him, Peter Convey of the British Antarctic Survey reflected on changes he could see on Robert Island, a small-scale example and perhaps early warning signal of what's happening to the peninsula and rest of the continent as a whole.
"I was last here 10 years ago," Convey said during a rare sunny day on the island, with temperatures just above freezing. "And if you compare what I saw back then to now, the basic difference due to warming is that the permanent patches of snow and ice are smaller. They're still there behind me, but they're smaller than they were."
Robert Island hits all the senses: the stomach-turning smell of penguin poop; soft moss that invites the rare visitor to lie down, as if on a water bed; brown mud, akin to stepping in gooey chocolate. Patches of the moss, which alternates from fluorescent green to rust red, have grown large enough to be football fields. Though 97 percent of the Antarctic Peninsula is still covered with ice, entire valleys are now free of it, ice is thinner elsewhere and glaciers have retreated, Convey said.
Dressed in a big red parka and sky blue hat, plant biologist Angelica Casanova has to take her gloves off to collect samples, leaving her hands bluish purple from the cold. Casanova says she can't help but notice the changes since she began coming to the island in 1995. Increasingly, plants are taking root in the earth and stone deposited by retreating glaciers, she says.
"It's interesting because the vegetation in some way responds positively. It grows more," she said, a few steps from a sleeping Weddell seal. "What is regrettable is that all the scientific information that we're seeing says there's been a lot of glacier retreat and that worries us."
Just last month, scientists noticed in satellite images that a giant crack in an ice shelf on the peninsula called Larsen C had grown by about 12 miles (20 kilometers) in 2014. Ominously, the split broke through a type of ice band that usually stops such cracks. If it keeps going, it could cause the breaking off of a giant iceberg somewhere between the size of Rhode Island and Delaware, about 1,700 to 2,500 square miles (4,600 to 6,400 square kilometers), said British Antarctic Survey scientist Paul Holland. And there's a small chance it could cause the entire Scotland-sized Larsen C ice shelf to collapse like its sister shelf, Larsen B, did in a dramatic way in 2002.
A few years back, scientists figured Antarctica as a whole was in balance, neither gaining nor losing ice. Experts worried more about Greenland; it was easier to get to and more noticeable, but once they got a better look at the bottom of the world, the focus of their fears shifted. Now scientists in two different studies use the words "irreversible" and "unstoppable" to talk about the melting in West Antarctica. Ice is gaining in East Antarctica, where the air and water are cooler, but not nearly as much as it is melting to the west.
"Before Antarctica was much of a wild card," said University of Washington ice scientist Ian Joughin. "Now I would say it's less of a wild card and more scary than we thought before."Over at NASA, ice scientist Eric Rignot said the melting "is going way faster than anyone had thought. It's kind of a red flag."
What's happening is simple physics. Warm water eats away at the ice from underneath. Then more ice is exposed to the water, and it too melts. Finally, the ice above the water collapses into the water and melts.
Climate change has shifted the wind pattern around the continent, pushing warmer water farther north against and below the western ice sheet and the peninsula. The warm, more northerly water replaces the cooler water that had been there. It's only a couple degrees Fahrenheit warmer than the water that used to be there, but that makes a huge difference in melting, scientists said.
The world's fate hangs on the question of how fast the ice melts.
At its current rate, the rise of the world's oceans from Antarctica's ice melt would be barely noticeable, about one-third of a millimeter a year. The oceans are that vast.
But if all the West Antarctic ice sheet that's connected to water melts unstoppably, as several experts predict, there will not be time to prepare. Scientists estimate it will take anywhere from 200 to 1,000 years to melt enough ice to raise seas by 10 feet, maybe only 100 years in the worst case scenario. If that plays out, developed coastal cities such as New York and Guangzhou could face up to $1 trillion a year in flood damage within a few decades and countless other population centers will be vulnerable.
"Changing the climate of the Earth or thinning glaciers is fine as long as you don't do it too fast. And right now we are doing it as fast as we can. It's not good," said Rignot, of NASA. "We have to stop it; or we have to slow it down as best as we can. "
___
Associated Press writer Luis Andres Henao reported this story from various locations in Antarctica and Seth Borenstein reported from Washington.
Copyright (2015) Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This article was written by Luis Andres Henao and Seth Borenstein from The Associated Press and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network.
Some of your favorite Twitter parodies—Sarcastic Mars Rover, @NotTildaSwinton, even @SergeantBrody—might bite the bullet under a new bill that would outlaw online impersonation.
Arizona Rep. Michelle Ugenti, a Republican, proposed House Bill 2004, which would outlaw online impersonation without permission and with malicious intent. Critics say it could violate the First Amendment and bring an end to those beloved parody accounts.
The bill would make it a felony to create a website or profile in someone else's name with the intention to “harm, defraud, intimidate or threaten.” Sending an email or text that appears to come from someone else with the intention to harm or defraud would be a misdemeanor.
“The Internet has gone from a novelty to having a position of credibility, and it's appropriate to have statutes that address it specifically,” Ugenti told The Arizona Republic.
She said the bill followed a plea for help from a constituent who was impersonated on Facebook and had both her personal and professional reputations damaged.
First Amendment advocates have criticized similar laws in other states (such as Texas, New York, and California), and suggest that these laws could damage people who create parody Twitter accounts, for instance.
“The problem with this, and other online impersonation bills, is the potential that they could be used to go after parody or social commentary activities,” Electronic Frontier Foundation Senior Staff Attorney Kurt Opsahl told The Arizona Republic. “While this bill is written to limit ‘intent to harm,' if that is construed broadly, there could be First Amendment problems.”
However, Ugenti said she didn't intend to impact parodies, and claimed the bill “has a high standard. It's the impersonation without the individual's consent and with the intent to harm, defraud, intimidate and threaten.”
Last year, Arizona passed a bill that outlawed online harassment and threats, essentially banning trolling in the state.
Photo by jimbowen0306/Flickr
Kicked out of school for having red hair: Pupil, 14, suspended for dying her hair an 'unnatural' colour
Natural brunette Fern Burke, 14, dyed her hair red over the summer
The teenager has been banned from lessons at Middleton Technology School until her hair is darker
Mother Tracey Burke tried darkening it twice with brown dye but has been told her daughter's hair is still too bright
Banned: Fern Burke, 14, has been told she cannot attend school until her hair is darker
A teenage pupil has been banned from school because teachers said her dyed hair was an ‘unnatural' colour.
Fern Burke, 14, was told she could not return to classes at Middleton Technology School in Rochdale until her hair is darker.
Fern's mother, Tracey Burke, has attempted to darken it twice but after being told Fern's hair was still too bright she refuses to use a darker black dye because she fears her daughter would be bullied.
Fern - a natural brunette - dyed her hair red over the summer but claims the colour faded over the summer.
But within minutes of returning for the new school term her mother received a phone call saying Fern's hair was too bright.
Mrs Burke then darkened it with two bottles of brown dye - but teachers said that it still wasn't ‘natural' enough.
Fern, who lives in Searness Road, Middleton, with her mother, father Patrick brother Dion, 17, and sister Grace, two, is now missing lessons.
Mrs Burke, herself a primary school teaching assistant, said: 'Fern had always wanted to experiment and dye her hair red.
'As I know this is not allowed in school, we waited for the summer holidays to dye it.
'After seven weeks off, the colour had faded significantly and she returned to school.
'She was told the colour was still too red so at the weekend we dyed her hair twice with dark brown.'
Mrs Burke said she refuses to dye Fern's hair any darker, and added: 'The last time she dyed her hair black she was bullied.
Angry: Fern's mother Tracey Burke said she has already twice tried to darken her daughter's hair with brown dye - but teachers argue it is still too bright
Unfair: Mrs Burke said while bright hair dyes are not allowed at Middleton Technology School she allowed her daughter to use a temporary dye she believed would have faded by the time the new school term started
'Understandably, she doesn't want to experience this again.'
She added: 'I do not think it is fair considering there are teachers at the school with purple hair or highlights which are not natural colours.
'I understand the need for rules within the school in preparation for the working environment - but you tell me a job where you would be sent home or fired for the colour of your hair. She needs to be getting on with work.
'She's just started Year 10 and needs to focus on her GCSEs.'
Given FiveThirtyEight's origins, it isn't surprising that Quinn uses a sports analogy in describing the veep pick, when he says:
"[McCain's VP Pick] Is Not A Hockey Mom"
Hockey's a great way to look at politics. It has both finesse and brutality, and it takes a bit of both to win.
But there's a fundamental, unwritten rule to that brutality--the person who hits back gets the penalty. A smart team takes its licks, focuses on the puck, and understands that sooner or later the other team will get caught in its mistakes.
Sure, the Republicans are having a golden run of not getting caught. But that is starting to turn. And, as in hockey, that turn can be helped along. But, as in hockey--hitting back draws unwanted attention.
This is the case with the VP pick.
Quinn says,
Initiators win, reactors lose. Expect adversity, because it's built in. The fourth-line, no-scoring-talent, pest agitators (or as we now call them, "energy guys") have a specific job. Skate in, take a cheap shot, make it after the whistle. Make it against the rules. Stir something up. Put a wet glove in the other guy's face and rub it. Get the outrage flowing. Get the opponent not thinking about the game, get them thinking about your shenanigans. And what happens? The "victimized" team loses its composure, hitting back. The guy who hits second is always the guy who goes to the penalty box.
So true. I remember the inestimable Chico Resch, of the New York Islanders. He played goalie for many years, helping the Isles to the Stanley Cup in 1980. I had the honor of watching him, live, against the Flyers in the Stanley Cup playoffs in 1975. Great game.
He had a tactic he'd use on players as they skated past his box. Every once in a while he takes his stick and give the opponent a hit on the legs as they skated by. Nothing hard, nothing to knock someone over. But annoying.
I was a hockey newbie--young--back then. The first time I saw that live I asked my Dad "why does he keep doing that?" And my Dad said "just watch."
And sure as rain, eventually some idiot lost his cool and went after Resch, swinging. Guess who ended up in the box?
Watching [McCain's VP pick] this week, and the reaction to her by both sides, and all the talk of hockey mommery, I realized that this is who she is. She skates into the corner, throws up an elbow, and the Democrats cry: "Foul!" Hey! She said Obama has never passed a major bill – this is an objective lie! Hey! She ridiculed community organizing the day after Service was the theme! Technically people should punish her by not voting for her over this infraction! It's whining, and whiners hit back second and go to the penalty box on top of it.
Think Craig Berube,. Think Tie Domi but without the scoring skills. Their purpose was to stir up trouble, not score goals.
Think politics.
In the hockey analogy, [McCain's VP pick] wouldn't get within a thousand miles of an NHL All-Star Game because she's not a scoring talent. She's a role player, an emotion-rouser. Emotion messes with the chalkboard-drawn game plan and thus achieves a specific strategic objective. She can make game-changing agitation plays that rouse her home team and provoke the other side into counterattacks that – 100% of the time – end up punishing the team who hits back. Democrats would be smart to understand her as such, and I see a lot of reaction that doesn't seem to grasp what [McCain's VP pick] is doing and the value she's providing. I see a lot of Democrats taking a lot of bait.
Yes. Yes, yes yes. Alot of Democrats are taking cheap bait. They've taken an elbow to the face when the ref wasn't looking, and have come back swinging.
Now the ref is looking.
Except:
This applies more to Democratic surrogates than it does to the top-ticket duo. Joe Biden had the smart response yesterday – naming the behavior – expecting it, and then riding through without taking the bait: "It was about how well placed -- and boy she is good -- how a left jab can be stuck pretty nice. It's about how Barack Obama is such a bad guy." And that's all he says of [McCain's VP's] antics. Name the behavior, even praising the skill with which the agitation was attempted, and then back to focus. It's "the economy, stupid."
As Quinn points out, though, a good enforcer plays tandem to a high-profile player. I think of Marty McSorely and Wayne Gretzky, who are the classic examples. McSorely made sure that nobody interfered with Gretzky getting to the goal. Without one, it would be hard to have the other.
Understanding McSorely-Gretzky helps us know how to coach and play in this game. Start by understanding that McCain's VP choice is a goon and a thug [but without the chops for being an enforcer]. McCain threw an elbow to take our eye off the puck, hoping he could advance that puck a bit down-rink.
So far, it's worked. Is McCain's VP choice bad? Sure. But we don't need her to go to the penalty box in order to win the game. McCain threw the elbow, now the American public is going to referee the follow-up. Now that their attention is drawn to that corner of the rink, they'll be watching to see what happens next. Frankly, most Americans don't give a rat's ass about Troopergate, or any of the other scandals surrounding McCain's VP pick. Should they? Probably. But the fact is they don't.
Now, do we spend our energy trying to make them care? When most of them are trying to pay mortgages, pay for college, or just simply eat a decent meal?
Or do we put our focus on the puck?
Let's make sure that what happens next keeps our focus where it should be.
I played water polo at a fairly high level for many years. This analogy works there, too. All kinds of cheap shots take place under the water. After the first one happens, the ref turns hir head.
Let's keep our eyes on the puck, and the goal. We got thrown an elbow. Americans will red that play based on how we react.
[Update: Rec list! Thanks.]
Update II: Folks, the point here isn't "Don't Hit back." It's "Hit the right target." The Veep and her shenanigans aren't the right target. McCain and his kooky policies are.
Update III: Again, focus on the target. Don't hit McCain's VP. Hit McCain for what his VP does.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
The US secretary of state John Kerry has called the country's presidential election “downright embarrassing”.
Mr Kerry today met with Mayor Sadiq Khan at London's City Hall when he made the comments, saying the election had stepped “out of any norm”.
There is just over a week to go before the American public elect either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton after months on the campaign trail.
The Democrat Party politician answered questions from London sixth-formers today, who were warned there were “strict rules” around what he could talk about in relation to the election.
But when asked how the 2016 election has impacted on US relations abroad, Mr Kerry said; "This election has been difficult for our country's perception abroad. There are moments when it is downright embarrassing."
He added that there are "times when it steps out of any norm" he has known.
"I could never imagine debates that were not focused on real issues," he said.
His comments come as Democrat candidate Mrs Clinton was forced to again defend herself over her use of a private email system, saying she would not be “knocked off course” in the election's final days.
The email-related controversy has dogged her for more than a year.
Meanwhile, Republican candidate Mr Trump has been condemned for comments he made about women in a recording from 2005 and has been the subject of allegations of sexual misconduct.
An interesting article in Slate by Daniel Engber reviews the story of Daryl Bem and his psi “Feeling the Future” research. If you are interested in this sort of thing the entire article is worth a read, but I want to highlight and expand upon the important bits.
For review, in 2011 Bem published a series of 10 experiments in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology (JPSP). I wrote about the research at the time, and wasn't impressed. I wrote:
“In the final analysis, this new data from Bem is not convincing at all. It shows very small effects sizes, within the range of noise, and has not been replicated. Further, the statistical analysis used was biased in favor of finding significance, even for questionable data.”
Bem had taken standard social psychology experimental protocols, mostly dealing with priming, and did an interesting thing – he reversed the order of the experiment so that the priming came after the subjects were tested. For example, he would give subjects a memory test and then let some of them study the material. He claimed that the studying had an effect backward in time to allow subjects to perform slightly better.
For experienced skeptics, this was not much of a surprise. When dealing with claims that have a vanishingly small prior probability, you need extraordinary evidence to be taken seriously, and this wasn't it. We were already very familiar with these kinds of results – if you squint just right there is a teeny tiny effect size. But we already knew that experiments are easy to fudge, even unwittingly, and it would therefore take a lot more to rewrite all the physics textbooks. (What is more likely, that the fundamental nature of reality is not what we thought, or Bem was a little sloppy in his research?) The key (as acknowledged by Bem himself) would be in replication.
The Reaction to Bem
In the six years since Bem published his research there has been an increasing awareness of the potential problems in conducting rigorous scientific research, and not just in psychology research but in all medicine and other areas as well. I have been carefully documenting both here and at SBM all the research that shows these problems – the problems with publication bias, p-hacking, and the failure to replicate.
This is, in fact, the central thesis of science-based medicine. It is too easy to manufacture false positive results, and there is too much incentive to do so and to publish such results. We need to tweak our incentives and filters, and take a more thorough look at the entire literature before we can arrive at reliable scientific conclusions.
This dedication to rigorous science is more important than ever in medicine, because we are facing a dedicated and well-funded incursion from so-called “alternative medicine” who are tirelessly trying to make the standards of science less rigorous.
Engber, however, makes a claim I have not heard before, and I wonder how true it is – that Bem's publication allegedly showing psi phenomena, was a wake-up call to the world of psychology and actually led to this increased awareness of the general problems with research. I had never made that connection before.
My sense is that there is some truth to this, but it is not the whole story. I do agree with Engber's central claim, made in his headline: “Daryl Bem Proved ESP Is Real, Which means science is broken.” That is a more dramatic way of saying what I stated above – it is more likely that Bem's science is broken than it is that the laws of the universe are radically different than what we think.
It is probably an oversimplification, however, to credit Bem's publication with the work of Ioannidis, for example, who studies the published literature for patterns of bias. My perspective is a little different since my colleagues and I have been beating this drum since long before Bem.
Still, dramatic examples are useful. I have made this type of argument many times before, essentially reversing the direction of argumentation about evidence. Typically we use scientific evidence to determine if a claim is true. We can also, however, use as a premise that a claim which is close to impossible is not true, and then use that premise to ask questions about the scientific research.
I have done this also with homeopathy. Since we know that homeopathy cannot possibly work, and can look at the totality of homeopathy research and ask – what does the medical research look like when we study a hypothesis that is clearly not true? It looks exactly like what we expect it to look like, given the work of Ioannidis, Simons and others who have documented patterns of bias and p-hacking in the literature.
Replications
Engber's article also contains some nuggets that need to be highlighted. To his credit Bem has been open and supportive of efforts to replicate his research. In fact he teamed up with other psi researchers to do the kind of replication that, if possitive, would provide the kind of evidence skeptics claim never exists for psi. They registered protocols for replications involving both believer and skeptical researchers. They thought that perhaps skeptical researchers get negative results not because they are biased but because they are psychic. They actually psychically inhibit any psychic powers of the subjects.
Engber reports:
To distinguish this replication from earlier attempts, Bem, Schlitz, and Delorme took extra steps to rule out any possibility of bias. They planned to run the same battery of tests at a dozen different laboratories, and to publish the design of the experiment and its planned analysis ahead of time, so there could be no quibbling over the “garden of forking paths.” They presented their results last summer, at the most recent annual meeting of the Parapsychological Association. According to their pre-registered analysis, there was no evidence at all for ESP, nor was there any correlation between the attitudes of the experimenters—whether they were believers or skeptics when it came to psi—and the outcomes of the study. In summary, their large-scale, multisite, pre-registered replication ended in a failure.
And there you have it. This is the exact pattern that I and other skeptics and advocates of SBM keep talking about. Initial positive results are not definitive because there are just too many ways to bias the outcome (to p-hack). We start to get interested when there are rigorous replications, especially exact replications.
What Bem and the others did is exactly what you have to do in order to avoid p-hacking – you have to make all of the decisions about the research protocol beforehand, prior to collecting any data. If you make any decisions or adjustments after you start collective data, that alters the probabilities. It essentially gives you more throws of the dice, and renders the p-value meaningless (that's p-hacking).
So, when all of the protocols were registered and locked in place, the multi-site large attempt at replicating Bem's data, including believers and skeptics, was completely negative. If an effect goes away when you control for p-hacking, then the effect is not real. That is how science works.
Alas, Bem and his fellow psi researchers did not give up:
In their conference abstract, though, Bem and his co-authors found a way to wring some droplets of confirmation from the data. After adding in a set of new statistical tests, ex post facto, they concluded that the evidence for ESP was indeed “highly significant.”
<Facepalm> So close. They did the rigorous protocol, they put their nickle down like good scientists, but then they flinched from the results. That is the moment that separates real scientists from pseudoscientists. That is the ultimate test – can you accept results which definitively disprove your pet hypothesis? When they controlled for p-hacking, no psi effect. So they went back and added in some p-hacking. Ugh!
Some More Revealing Tidbits
As revealing as that is, some quotes from Bem tell more of the story.
“I'm all for rigor,” he continued, “but I prefer other people do it. I see its importance—it's fun for some people—but I don't have the patience for it.” It's been hard for him, he said, to move into a field where the data count for so much. “If you looked at all my past experiments, they were always rhetorical devices. I gathered data to show how my point would be made. I used data as a point of persuasion, and I never really worried about, ‘Will this replicate or will this not?' ”
That is almost a “Trumpian” admission. He is actually admitting that his research was a “rhetorical device” intended to persuade and not to explore. He was trying to show “that” psi is real, not find out “if” it is real. That, I would argue, is the core failure of the pseudoscientist.
He doesn't have the patience for rigor – OK, fair enough if you are going to admit it. But the real problem is, when other people do the rigor, as in the replication experiments above, he doesn't accept the results.
Psi is Dead, Science is Recovering
In a rational world, this entire affair would spell the death of psi research. The hypothesis was never plausible. The strong suspicion that razor-thin positive outcomes were the result of some sloppy research has been largely confirmed.
The fact remains that no psi research protocol has withstood the test of time, and held up to rigorous replication. There is no psi effect that meets my criteria for being compelling: simultaneously showing a statistically significant effect that also shows a significant signal to noise ratio with highly rigorous experimental protocols that hold up to replication. You can get some of these features with psi, but never all of them.
The most parsimonious explanation for this fact is that psi is not real. A century of psi research is enough. This is a dead end. Psi is pushing up the daisies. It is an ex-hypothesis.
But, as the reaction of Bem and his colleagues demonstrate, the world is not rational.
Meanwhile, back at mainstream science, the Bem affair was a bit of a wake-up call, along with many other alarm bells. I would not say that science is broken. It is clear that there are major weaknesses in the institutions of science, but we largely know what they are and how to fix them. We need to keep attention on this issue and push the institutions of science to greater rigor and reliability.
It may be true that the very people who are trying to lower the standards in science will be the ones who provide the necessary impetus to increase standards. Science-based medicine was a direct reaction to alternative medicine. Perhaps the “replication crisis” is psychology research was largely a reaction to Bem.
What matters now is what we do going forward.
After first denying the rumored date of Yunho's military enlistment date in initial reports, SM Entertainment has confirmed and revealed the actual date.
Member of popular idol group duo TVXQ, Yunho (29) will be officially bidding farewell to fans on July 21st. This was confirmed by his agency on June 9th after initial reports shared a date of July 6th.
Yunho will be enlisting as an active soldier following his training though the name of the camp was not disclosed. According to a tweet left by SM Entertainment, “TVXQ's U-Know Yunho will enlist on July 21st. Due to his wishes to quietly enlist, his enlistment date and time will not be published. We would like to sincerely thank you for your continued support and love for U-Know Yunho!”
He first made his debut as the leader of the five-member group TVXQ in 2004 and has since then enjoyed high popularity both in South Korea and overseas as well, particularly Japan.
On June 13th and 14th, TVXQ will be holding their encore and final concert as a duo at the Olympic Gymnastics Stadium in Seoul, and Yunho is slated to release his first Japanese solo mini-album in early July (8th) as well.
Source: Star News
Seen. The feature you most likely hate and complain about a lot. The feature that makes messaging people slightly more uncomfortable and makes it even harder for introverts to communicate.
At this point, people are trying to avoid it, leaving messages unread till they're ready or installing sketchy browser extensions that promise to eliminate this option. Well, let me tell you something: You're doing it wrong.
Seen is there to make you more honest. Seen is there to show those irritating people that no, your phone wasn't out of battery the last 6 months and no, you didn't forget to check your profile in 4 years. Seen is there to tell them NO instead of you and Seen is actually doing you a favor. Once you embrace Seen, you'll love the world it's dragging you into. World of pure honesty and the unlimited relief that comes with it.
Never have to make up awkward excuses for not coming to parties your college friends throw. Never ever again have to lie about being out of town when someone visits. Never pretend to regret missing that dinner you were invited to. You've seen it, read it and turned it down. Simple as that without any awkwardness involved. Seen is making a statement, seen is fighting for your assertiveness, Seen is your best friend but not the kind of friend you won't reply to messages to.
Don't get me wrong, in a perfect world — people would just learn how to say no and cut awkward conversations and lukewarm relationships once and for all. But until this time comes — more people need to learn to appreciate Seen.
Despite some recent company efforts to help pay for customers' phone bills through promotions and subscription programs, the telecommunication industry largely relies on customers using more phone data each year — through new applications and innovations — to keep its sales growing, according to The Wall Street Journal. And this is no more apparent than when you see how cell phone bills have risen since the dawn of the smartphone.
Based on data from the Labor Department charted for us by BI Intelligence, US households are spending 50% more on their phone bills than they did in 2007, the year the iPhone launched and Google introduced the Android operating system for mobile devices. Households spent an average of $913 on phone bills in 2013 — and a fifth of those households spent more than $1,400 that year. According to Verizon Wireless, the average monthly phone bill is about $161.24, which is a 3.5% rise from last year.
Episode 436: If Economists Controlled The Borders
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
A version of this episode originally ran in 2013.
There's a lot about U.S. immigration policy that doesn't add up, that just doesn't make sense. It's much more than who gets to enter and who doesn't and from where. There's a mix of visa types, quotas, preferences and incentives adding up to a messy tangle of laws that make it all so complicated that both political parties have tons to complain about.
What about economists? We look at immigration through the eyes of economists in hopes of finding a little clarity. It's still messy.
On today's show, we ask three economists: What would the perfect system look like? If we could scrap the system we currently have and replace it with anything, what would it look like?
Among the answers:
Let in lots more doctors and engineers.
Auction off immigration slots to the highest bidders.
Open the gates, and let everyone in.
Music: "Feel Alright." Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
I was working on a web application with a visual designer. He handed off the design for the site to me and it looked killer. I went ahead and coded the change up in HTML & CSS. When I thought I was done, I was super stoked and I showed it to him. His response?
That's completely wrong.
The one thing I had skipped was getting the fonts to match the mock-ups perfectly. It was a big enough of a problem he called me out on it. How do I fix it?
I have no idea, but it's wrong how it is now.
I've spent a long time working on different websites, and since working with this particular designer I started to focus my attention on a handful of smalls, but important details. Among them, fonts.
As a little bit of background, all websites and web applications are built up of a combination of HTML and CSS. If you don't have any experience building HTML webpages by hand, you may want to get your hands dirty with this free, hands-on intro course that we built to give people a good feel for the basics of what makes up a web site.
Here's everything I wish my visual designer taught me
Font Specifications
The easiest way to change a font is to adjust the font-family CSS property of the item to specify the font to use. It will pull it from on the user's computer, and is something most web developers are familiar with. There's a ball park of 12 fonts give or take that are commonplace enough you can use on websites safely. Among them is Comic Sans, so I guess that means there's around 11 fonts you could potentially want to use.
If you're limited to a dozen fonts, you don't have a ton of room for variation. If you're clever though and adjust the weight of the font (either super light, bold, or normal) and letter-spacing you can make your site look passable. For example if you play with it, super bold, and a negative letter-spacing will give your font a professional but cartoony look to it. Super light will make the page look crisp.
Another trick that will get your fonts looking better is the CSS property for text-shadow.
Here's an example of specifying the font to the Helvetica and adjusting the font to be super thin.
Note – the examples of the font changes in the wild come from the step-by-step beginner-friendly guide to building the Nomster Application we put together.
Font Stacks
When you specify fonts, you can specify them in the order of importance, and if the font isn't available it will fall back to a lesser preferred one. You could go through all the fonts that exist on all machines across different operating systems and come up with font-stacks that are reasonably consistent yourself. Lucky for us, other people have done the hard work for us, and we can use the font stacks they've developed. Here's a few:
CSS Tricks – Font Stacks – this has a list of 8 font stacks you can test out. If you grab one of these font stacks from CSS Tricks, you're guaranteed your site won't look like you're designing websites back in 1995.
CSSFontStack.com – is another website that has a lot more (~40) font stacks you can try out.
Also if you search around Google you can see a handful of different font stacks that will suit your needs.
Here's an example of the “modern Georgia-based serif font stack” from CSS tricks we used on our Nomster web application. This is one of my favorite font stacks to use on websites to encourage readability.
Loading in a specific web font
It's possible to find specific fonts and pull them into your application and use them on the text a website. This means instead of having to fall back to a “close enough” font, you can always use the exact font you want. There are a couple of different ways you can go about this.
Hosted Font Services
There are a few things that are tricky when it comes to loading a font from a file into your website. The hosted web services out there do all the heavy lifting for you. Some of them for free, some require you to pay.
Google Web Fonts (free) – is a directory of fonts to use that are hosted and ready to pull into your web application. Getting these fonts into your application is a breeze. Follow the step-by-step instructions and you'll be using these specific fonts in your application in no time.
For example, if you want to use the font Garamond in your application, it's not websafe, and font-stacks will be a little inconsistent across browsers, but if you use the font “EB Garamond” from Google Fonts, everyone who sees your application will see the same font.
So if Google Web Fonts is free, easy to use and will give you a consistent look across all different browsers, why would anyone consider using an alternative? Well, Google Fonts will only accept fonts that have a very open and permissive license. Since building fonts is hard work, there are a lot of really killer font foundries out there that are license that restricts it from being in Google Fonts, but still could be pulled into your application.
TypeKit – this is a website you shouldn't even go to. Trust me don't look around there, you'll regret it. Why you ask? The fonts there are so good, and it's hosted so it's (presumably – I've never used it first hand) as easy to add to your website as Google Fonts. The downside is you have to pay a subscription for access. They have a free trial version if you add a TypeKit badge to the site, and have plans starting at $25/year, and go up to $100/year.
Keep this one a secret from your visual designer, otherwise they'll convince you to buy a subscription!
Don't be fooled. There are a ton of different font hosting services out there. Google Fonts is the most popular free service out there and TypeKit is one of the most popular paid services out there. Check out this (slightly dated) comparison of the different font embedding services out there from 2010. Most of the companies are still around, but a lot of the details have changed.
Self hosting fonts
This is a trickier situation. The complicated part of dealing with the fonts all yourself isn't the technical aspect but understanding all the font licensing details and legal implications.
When we load the fonts directly from the user's machine, or use a hosted service we don't have to worry about the legal implication of using a font. All we need to do is drop a couple lines of CSS in our application and the font is there. If we're going to self-host our fonts we're going to have to deal with the nitty gritty details.
A high level overview of what you'll need to do is provide the browser a place to find the font file (or multiple versions of the font files), and then give it information about the name, etc. There are a few different versions font files that depending on how you get the font you could potentially have. The most common ones are: eot, otf, woff, ttf, svg. Different browsers are better at rendering different versions of fonts, so it's encouraged that you provide multiple versions to keep everyone's browser happy.
So the first step is to convert a single font file (for example a *.ttf) into all then corresponding font types you can (*.otf, *.svg, etc), and then providing a place that the browser can download and use the fonts from.
Here's where things get dicey. Since you're giving everyone in the world access to download the font from your website, as soon as you pull it onto your site, there's nothing stopping anyone else from just downloading and pulling the fonts onto their computer, or website (technically speaking, not legally). This means that a lot of font developers are reluctant to give people permission to use the font they built on websites.
So if you're looking to download a font to put on your website you're going to want to look for something that is licensed to be a web font (not a desktop font).
FontSquirrel – This is one of my favorite sites to get free fonts from. They have a handful of super high quality free fonts on their main page (and they have the font license restrictions clear from the font that you select).
Another awesome tool with FontSquirrel is their WebFont Generator. If you upload a single font file to them, they'll automatically convert it to all the other types you need as well as give you the CSS code you'll be able to drop right into your website. You can even use their WebFont generator with fonts that you grab from other sources.
In addition to free fonts, FontSquirrel sells a ton more fonts.
These are solid fonts. Here's an example of their font “Pacifico” out in the wild on the Nomster application:
MyFonts.com is another example of a font website that will give you some fonts for free (but it will charge for most fonts). If you do a search for web font support and some free – you'll see a list of fonts. Almost all of them require you to pay, but there will be a few font weights or styles that they offer for free. Depending on your luck you might be able to find something awesome.
TheLeagueOfMovableType has a handful of solid opensource, and ready for the web fonts out there you can use (with the FontSquirrel WebFont Generator) you can add to your website no problemo.
The three most important things you should know about fonts…
The fonts you use will be the difference between a slick, polished, professional looking website and just a decent looking site. Take your take and get the fonts right. There are a bunch of different ways you can load in fonts to your web application. While looking sleek and awesome is important, whats more important is that people can actually read the words you write. After you learn everything you need to use awesome fonts, take a step back and make sure people can read what you want them to.
Happy hacking, font geeks!
I'm in Thessaloniki, Greece's second city, which nestles on the coast next to Halkidiki's three peninsulas, snaking into the Aegean sea like tentacles. The peninsulas are an understandable tourist spot in Northern Greece, with their expansive beaches, street cafes and pine forests. Unfortunately, I can only visit two of them, Kassandra and Sithonia, because the third, Mount Athos, has banned all women for the past thousand years.
Athos is a monastic peninsula, but also a state within Greece, with carefully secured ports and borders, preventing all women, and men without the necessary permits, from entering. Women aren't banned purely because their natural charms are prone to distract the monks from their prayer and study. Hundreds of years ago after several monks reported visions of the Virgin Mary, it was decided that the Athos monks should devote themselves to her, and that no other woman should be allowed to outshine her.
All women were duly banished, from the peninsula, and with them all female animals. Sows, cows and ewes, even chickens were expelled. It was conceded that female songbirds and insects were allowed to remain, purely because it was impossible to keep them out. It's unclear exactly how plausible the danger of a chicken outshining the Virgin Mary is, but still. A rule's a rule.
Nonetheless, women have managed to make it to the peninsula: the Orthodox monks harboured women and female children during the Greek civil war, in addition to men and boys. In 2008, Ukrainian smugglers dropped four Moldovan women on the coast of Athos, who were quickly apprehended by monks and police. The women were apologetic, but must have been cursing their bad luck at being dropped at the spot least likely to permit surreptitious entry into Greece.
Not all interlopers were so innocent, though. Maryse Choisy, a French writer and patient of Freud, claimed to have undergone a double mastectomy in order to sneak into the monastic republic and pose as a servant boy. Suspicions grew, and Choisy was ejected after a month. A handful of women, including Syriza MP Litsa Ammanatidou-Paschalidou, scaled a fence and broke into Mount Athos in protest over a long-running land dispute with the monks. There's a long-running history in Greek political protest of hurling yoghurt at politicians to make them look ridiculous. Hurling women over the fence of a male community loth to pay their taxes is a fitting adjunct to this fine tradition.
Plotting to get on the peninsula doesn't get me very far. In order to enter Athos, you must apply for a pilgrim's pass, or "patriarchal privilege". I've spotted a fancy dress section in a shop at the top of Aristotelous Square, selling ostentatious fake beards and moustaches. Could this work? It seems not. I need to show my passport, and there is a very authoritative black "F" under the "Sex" section of mine, giving me away. I could parachute into Athos. But I lack the time or money to rent a helicopter and learn to parachute. Besides, I'm having horrific visions of landing chaotically, taking out a few monks and having to explain that I did it for feminism.
After boarding a bus, and trekking to Ouranoupouli, the departure point for ferries to Athos, I approach the harbour. Yiannis, who works in the harbour and is easily bribed with a takeaway frappé into speaking to me shakes his head when I ask him if it's possible to get to Athos. "Why would you want to?" I like a challenge. He laughs again. "The boats will take women no closer than half a kilometre to the beach. Some people say women have swum there, but I have never seen them". Swimming! Of course. Apparently there are men patrolling the shores of Athos, watching for this sort of stunt. Though if the EU parliament presses ahead with legislation that will force Athos to admit women, having declared in 2003 that the republic "violates the universally recognised principle of gender equality", they may need new jobs.
Just before Yiannis finishes his coffee and heads off, leaving me to ponder the distance and whether my front crawl is strong enough, he has one more question. "What would you do once you got there?" He has a good point. Probably revel in triumph for a few minutes before realising that I had to find a way back; then feel increasing guilt that my symbolic stunt had caused a considerable amount of distress for any monks I happened upon.
I decided to leave the monks in peace. Besides, their outfits are nearly as hot and uncomfortable as burqas. Why should a feminist punish them any more?
Exclusive: A factory worker says he was harassed for being gay. A father and son say they faced daily racial epithets. Each claims that Tesla failed to stop it
Soon after he started working on the assembly line at Tesla, Jorge Ferro said he was taunted for being gay and threatened with violence. “Watch your back,” a supervisor warned after mocking his clothes for being “gay tight”, Ferro said.
The harassment didn't stop after he reported it to a manager, and days after he made a second complaint, Ferro was punished, according to his account. An HR representative took away Ferro's badge, claiming that he had an “injury” that prevented him from working and saying there's “no place for handicapped people at Tesla”, he alleged.
Tesla repeatedly failed to stop the anti-gay harassment and fired Ferro in retaliation for seeking protection, according to a wrongful termination lawsuit, the latest discrimination scandal to roil Elon Musk's electric car company.
“It's revolting to me,” said Chris Dolan, Ferro's attorney. “This is classic ‘blame the victim'.”
Tesla Motors fires hundreds of workers after performance reviews Read more
Tesla has defended itself against charges of discrimination: “There is no company on earth with a better track record than Tesla,” it said in a statement to the Guardian.
Ferro has come forward at a time when Tesla and companies across Silicon Valley are facing widespread scrutiny over harassment, discrimination and sexual misconduct. A sexual harassment scandal at Uber launched an avalanche of complaints from women in the male-dominated industry about abuse, unwanted advances, assault and pay disparities.
Tesla – world-famous for its battery-powered vehicles and Musk's vision of self-driving technology – has also faced accusations of sexual harassment and underpaying women. A female engineer who filed a lawsuit and spoke to the Guardian about her experiences was soon after fired, drawing allegations of “clear retaliation”. Tesla has denied the claims.
In addition to Ferro's complaint, first reported by the Guardian, three black men who worked at Tesla have also filed a recent lawsuit alleging racist abuse and harassment, including attacks using the N-word and statements like “Go back to Africa”.
Tesla did not address specific allegations, but in a series of statements called the claims “unmeritorious” and argued that it was was not responsible since the employees are contractors.
‘I had to stand up'
Ferro, 35, began as an assembly line production worker in April 2016 at the Tesla manufacturing plant in Fremont, California. Soon after he started, a supervisor who trained him, Jamar Taylor, began harassing him and mocking his sexuality, according to a lawsuit. Taylor allegedly told Ferro his clothes were “too tight – gay tight”, repeatedly taunted him about his outfits and later said he was not “welcome” because he is gay. Taylor also “went on to suggest that [Ferro] had a lot of enemies because ‘everyone suspects that [he is] gay'”, the suit said.
Ferro became fearful when the taunts escalated to threats of violence, including “be careful” and a warning that “something might happen to his car”, according to the complaint. Ferro told plant manager Dave Rebagliati that he was gay and was facing harassment, and HR later removed Taylor from Ferro's assembly line, the suit said.
The harassment didn't stop, he said. Taylor allegedly began outing Ferro to other co-workers and continued to approach Ferro in the factory, at one point saying a new employee should not learn anything from “someone like” Ferro.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Tesla factory in Fremont, California. Photograph: Josh Edelson for the Guardian
After his second complaint to Rebagliati, on 2 August 2016, the manager decided to transfer Ferro to another assembly line row, according to the complaint.
“The steps taken by the company were woefully inadequate,” said Dolan, arguing it was wrong to move Ferro after he complained. “It's perceived by many to be retaliatory. It sends a message to other employees that if you complain, you're the one who's going to have your job changed. In essence, you're penalizing the party who's making the complaint.”
I knew that I had to make sure this did not happen to anyone else Jorge Ferro
While training for his new job, Rebagliati noticed a scar on Ferro's wrist from an injury 16 years ago, and although Ferro said it had no effect on his job, the manager sent him home without pay, saying he needed a doctor's note before returning to work, the complaint alleged. An HR official who took away his badge said he was “handicapped” and that no accommodations could be made, and three days later, before Ferro could have a doctor's appointment, he was officially terminated, according to the suit.
A doctor later confirmed that he was able to perform his duties. Regardless, it was illegal for Tesla to fire Ferro for a perceived disability, according to Dolan. “This was just a BS reason to kick him out of the workplace.”
Ferro declined an interview request, but said in a statement to the Guardian this week, “I knew that I had to stand up to make sure this did not happen to anyone else.”
Rebagliati and Taylor could not be reached for comment.
In response to a detailed summary of Ferro's allegations, Tesla spokesman Dave Arnold sent a lengthy statement that did not address specific claims. The company pointed out that Taylor and Ferro were both contractors, adding, “Tesla still stepped in to try to keep these individuals apart from one another and to ensure a good working environment.”
The lawyers taking on Silicon Valley sexism: 'It's far worse than people know' Read more
The statement continued: “[E]very lawyer knows that if they name Tesla as a defendant in their lawsuit, it maximizes the chances of generating publicity for their case. They abuse our name, because they know it is catnip for journalists … There is no company on Earth with a better track record than Tesla, as they would have to have fewer than zero cases where an independent judge or jury has found a genuine case of discrimination.”
Corporations such as Tesla, however, often have employees sign arbitration agreements, which means employees are forced to privately resolve their discrimination complaints. The spokesman declined to say if Tesla has ever allowed a discrimination claim to go before a judge or jury.
‘I just couldn't take it any more'
Owen Diaz, 49, told the Guardian that he also brought a lawsuit in hopes of protecting other black employees at Tesla from abuse. He and his son Demetric, 22, both faced racial harassment and violent threats while working in the Tesla factory, according to a discrimination complaint they filed with a third former employee on Monday.
Owen Diaz and his son Demetric. Photograph: Courtesy of the California Civil Rights Law Group
The father and son both started working for Tesla in 2015 and were subject to daily racial epithets, including “boy”, the N-word and statements like “All you fucking niggers – I can't stand you motherfuckers” and “Nigger, hurry up”, the lawsuit said. Employees also allegedly drew racist and derogatory caricatures of black children.
Owen said in an interview that he was the most distraught hearing his son's supervisor, who was white, calling him the N-word: “That was probably one of the lowest points in my life.” Eventually, he said, “I just couldn't take it any more.”
According to the lawsuit, supervisors brushed aside their complaints, with one telling Demetric, “If you don't like how you're treated, your time here is going to end,” and another telling Owen, “Why do you people take things so hard?”
The dismissals were hurtful, said Owen. “You might as well just slap me and spit in my face.”
Both said the abuse they faced escalated after they spoke up to supervisors. Demetric was fired a week after making a complaint, allegedly for using his phone on the production line – a rule violation that did not lead other workers to be terminated, the complaint said. Owen was threatened with a demotion and eventually quit due to the ongoing abuse, according to the lawsuit, which noted that they both had good performance records.
“It was disrespectful and humiliating,” said Owen. “It was just a feeling that no person should ever have to go through.”
That was probably one of the lowest points in my life Owen Diaz
Their attorney Larry Organ, who first sued Tesla earlier this year in another racial discrimination case, said the conduct at the company appeared to be more egregious than similar cases he brought against the former car plant in the same facility. Dolan also said his firm was getting an “unusually high” number of calls from Tesla employees with a wide range of discrimination complaints.
Given Musk's ambitious statements about solving some of the world's greatest problems, he should be able to provide a safe work environment, Organ added.
“He's a brilliant visionary. You think that if he put his mind to this issue, it would be solved.”
Tesla's response to the Diaz lawsuit included a detailed attack on the attorney, saying his original suit was “timed to coincide with a carefully planned media blitz in an attempt to create a disingenuous narrative that was at odds with the facts” and that the “timing of these new claims and the manner in which they are being publicized is notable, particularly coming from the same attorney”.
Demetric Diaz. Photograph: Courtesy of the California Civil Rights Law Group
The statement further said the three employees worked at Tesla for “a short time and have been gone for well over a year” and pointed out that they are contractors. The spokesman said Tesla was unaware of their complaints until reporters reached out this week. (The third-party staffing agencies – West Valley, Chartwell and Citistaff – did not respond to requests for comment).
Regarding the attacks against him, Organ noted that the plaintiffs had reached out to him, adding, “They want to frame this as if it's the greedy lawyer. Actually, what it's really about is the racist conduct.”
Owen said he was a fan of Musk's vision and wished the company was responding to the lawsuits with promises to change: “Don't sweep it under the rug and send your PR out to do damage control. Step up to the plate.”
If you have stories to share about Tesla or discrimination in Silicon Valley, contact sam.levin@theguardian.com
Don't look at the comment section.
This has become the collective campus response whenever a Spectator article comes out, especially one about minority groups, racism, classism, or sexism. This reaction allows us to avoid the emotional trauma that comes with the triggering and derogatory comments. Many of us are frustrated, hurt, and outraged that a "prestigious" and "progressive" school like ours could foster such hateful and abusive sentiments. Even if they commenters only represent a small population of students and alumni, by launching abusive and micro-aggressive commentary, the anonymous writers undervalue the work that campus groups and individuals do to tackle social stigmas. This, in turn, contributes to the fostering of hate speech that contaminates platforms of online engagement and defeats efforts to have a productive dialogue.
On Feb. 16, Spectator published an article highlighting the CU Sewa's events: the #emBODYSouthAsia photoshoot and "Transnational Feminism in South Asia: An Embodiment of Contradictions." These events were hosted in an effort to bring attention to the gendered experiences of South Asian women. However, a series of comments on the article made us feel as though many missed what we were trying to articulate about feminism. The comments reflected deeply concerning agendas that promote rape culture and reinforce white supremacy. To the folks who challenged those derogatory comments, we commend you for your effort to stand up and refocus this conversation. The ignorance expressed in the comments section is all the more reason to host events that continue to challenge our social dialogue about feminism and understanding of gender equality.
Rape culture is reinforced every time someone says something like:
Framing rape as "regret sex" makes it sound like a choice. This detracts from evaluating the act as a crime and holding perpetrators accountable. Such comments scream "red flag," since some commenters may be sharing spaces in our classrooms, dining halls, and residences. By placing campus rape in quotes, the commenter mocks and belittles the experiences and efforts of campus rape and sexual assault victims—like Emma Sulkowicz—who are fighting for accountability and policy changes that address the very roots of rape culture.
Many women face day-to-day micro-aggressions, such as cat-calling, slut-shaming, and job discrimination. The Internet has, unfortunately, created a similar platform for harassment, but with the added benefit of anonymity. Comments that focused on the physical appearance of Sewa members reduced these members to their bodies; the increased focus on their bodies resulted in a lack of attention paid to their voices. An example of cyberbullying, this also parallels the street harassment that many women face on a daily basis and is precisely what the #emBODYSouthAsia photoshoot addressed. Objectification has a new platform: social media.
Women have been fighting for equality for generations; furthermore, transnational feminism and activism have strong historical underpinnings. First-, second-, and arguably third-wave feminist movements have been dominated by privileged, Eurocentric white women—many of whom have had access to a platform from which they could voice their opinions and agendas. While white women face social, political, and economic inequalities, we must not ignore the struggles of women of color, who face institutionally ingrained challenges due to the intersectionalities of their identity (i.e, race, gender, class, and sexuality). Sewa's events carved out a space for self-identified South Asian women of color to challenge the feminist dialogue controlled by white women.
Comments like those above work toward the erasure of marginalized people, by denying them their history and agency and instead focusing on a colonial and imperialist mindset. The fight for equality is not uniform, and we must avoid perpetuating a vicious cycle that reinforces the oppression of certain groups while enabling others to advance.
Creating safe spaces is a way for groups to mobilize and voice their struggles. By reclaiming space, we can transform domains of privilege into sites that cater to a multitude of identities and experiences. What Sewa would like to see is not only the fostering of healthy conversations in safe spaces, but also a push to challenge these dialogues. However, this kind of dialogue can only be healthy and productive if honest and respectful language is used, participants are given an equal voice, and resources are provided to educate and empower.
The authors are organizing members of CU Sewa, a social justice and service group based on the universal Sikh value of sewa, selfless service.
To respond to this op-ed, or to submit an op-ed, contact opinion@columbiaspectator.com.
Who are the best players in Major League Baseball heading into the 2012 season? ESPN formed a panel of MLB writers, analysts and contributors to rank the top 500. The countdown from No. 500 to No. 1 begins March 20 and ends April 3.
The results will be announced on ESPN.com, on Facebook and Twitter (@ESPN_MLB). Fans can use the hashtag #ESPN500 to join the discussion or to follow along.
To compile a top-500 ranking, 34 ESPN experts started with a list of the top 600 players projected to play in the majors in 2012. Using a 0-to-10 scale, they evaluated only the quality of each player for the 2012 season. Players who are expected to miss 2012 with an injury, like Victor Martinez, were not included. But Arodys Vizcaino (No. 376) was included because he was injured after the voting. Ages are listed as of July 1, 2012.
Panelists were polled over the final two weeks of February. Dan Szymborski's ZiPS system, which projects 2012 performance, was used to break ties to the fourth decimal point.
Jackie Chan on Why Hollywood Isn't Producing Good Martial Arts Films Anymore
The Hong Kong actor, director, producer, martial arts stunt choreographer and star of “Drunken Master,” “ Rush Hour ,” and “Shanghai Noon” attended the Far East Film Festival as one of its guests of honor and the recipient of the Living Legend Award. In honor of the achievement and as part of a retrospective of Hong Kong Martial Arts films, the festival screened some of the genre's most important films such as “The Young Master,” “Once Upon a Time in China,” “The Way of the Dragon,” “Spooky Encounters,” “Duel to the Death” and “Righting Wrongs” but also the international cut of his new hit, Daniel Lee's “Dragon Blade”, that served as well as the festival's opener and that also stars John Cusack and Adrien Brody. [The below answers were culled from questions asked by press members who attended the “Dragon Blade” press conference, which you can view here .]
You have an exceptional career as an actor. You started it as a stuntman, doing combat scenes and karate. Lately, however, your films are much more philosophical and have an educational aspect that highlights a peaceful China. Can you talk about that?
Before, I wanted to make money… But later on, in 2000, I changed. I changed my character because I am not young anymore and also because I don't want to always make “Rush Hour,” “Rush Hour 2,” and “Rush Hour 3″… I am tired. I want to change myself. I want to be a true actor. I want to be like the Asian Robert De Niro ! Even this morning, I was walking around in the small town [of Udine] and you could see the children saying “Oh Jackie Chan !” Why can nobody see Robert De Niro in me? I wish that in ten years time people would say “Oh! Jackie Chan, he's a good actor!” I want to be a true actor because for an action star, life is very, very short. So, that is the reason why, for the last 15 years, I have tried to change myself. I want my audience to know that I am the actor who can fight and not the fighter who can act. Also, why am I always making Chinese films? Well, because it's the only thing I know! This is the only thing I can do so I do the best I can to promote my own country and my own culture. That's what I'm doing!
You worked on “Dragon Blade” for seven years. Can you talk about the genesis of the project and its filmmaking process?
I had heard of Daniel Lee although I had never met him before. My cameraman thought I should meet him and because I trust my cameraman, I called Daniel up and – because in Hong Kong everybody calls me “Big Brother” – I said, “Daniel, I am the Big Brother, Jackie Chan” and he said “Haaa… the Jackie Chan?” I said, “Yes!” and he went, “What can I do for you?” and I said, “I want to meet you, I want to know you”. I said, “Where are you?” and I drove to his office and we talked about finding something special. So, a month later, he called me up to do another Kung Fu cops story but I told him that I had heard of this story. So, we did a lot of research and decided to do it. And, for the filmmaking process, because we needed Romans and don't have enough Caucasians in China, we had to go all over China to look for students in International Schools to hire them. The shooting was hard, the hours were long and we had to walk to the Gobi desert because we couldn't drive because of the tire marks because of all the aerial shots. We also invited the press to the desert to take a look at how we were making the movie. I asked the director at times, “Why aren't we using the green screen today? We are wasting about a hundred-twenty buses every single day!” and he said, “No! I want the real feeling, the people's feeling!” Then, I realized that only two directors had made their films in the Gobi desert! The first one is Daniel Lee and the second is also Daniel Lee! Nobody else! He just loves the desert! When the sand storm would come and everybody would hide, he would just sit there in his director's chair with loud music on…. Lalalaaaa [Chan sings] He was just so happy! He enjoyed it so much!
As the director of choreography on the film, can you talk about how you devised and executed the fight scenes?
Well, before we started shooting, I asked the director what kind of style we wanted. We wanted everything to be real. The Roman fighting is very tough, very strong and there are not too many tricks. But in China, there's a lot of flying. It's a different kind of fighting. Also, we didn't want to use special effects and flying around like in “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.” I don't think the audience likes this kind of things. But, right now, there are too many movies; modern movies, period movies in which everybody is flying around… it's ridiculous! So, I said that we had to make a realistic movie. Nobody can jump and fly from one horse to another! Nobody can jump and fly from one roof to another! So, when you see “Dragon Blade,” everything you see is real! We just wanted something humanly possible. Something that everybody can do but actually not everybody can do; only a stunt guy or me or some people who trained can do it! But, you believe it!
In that sense, in this digital world where technology prevails, do you think there is still space and future for the real thing, for stunts like yours and the purity of the gestures of martial arts?
I think, slowly, slowly, the real action's gone. Really. Because, now we still have a few people who do the real stunts, the real action like Hong Bang, like me, like Sammo Hung and others. But, when these people are gone, when we retire, I think it's going to be difficult because the real action is really, really difficult! But, in America they're so good! They're so clever! They can use special effects and computer graphics to make everybody become an action star. Even you can be an action in America! But, I wanted to do this kind of things when I was young. We didn't have money and we had to do the real stunts. We had to jump from one building to the other… I cracked my feet, I broke my finger, I broke everything. But, when I made money, I had money to do special effects but the audience didn't like it! They wanted to see Jackie Chan hurt himself! They wanted to see Jackie Chan do the real thing. They just don't like to see Jackie do Superman. Spider-Man is so easy, right? I want to do it! Directors hire me! But, no director wants to hire me to do this kind of thing. They want me to do “Rush Hour,” “Rush Hour 2” and “Rush Hour 3.” They still want me to do this kind of things but I think that after Sammo Hung, these guys and me… after we retire, the young generations will slowly change because they have already learned how to use special effects, how to use the tricks. Poor me! I will continue to do that for another five years I think, and then after five years, adios. Then, I'll do a romance film!
How do you feel about the Americanization of Chinese culture? For how long do you think it would be possible for China to preserve its unique Ancient culture?
A long time ago, I tried to bring the Chinese culture to America but that wasn't a success. I mean, at that time there was “Cannonball Run,” “The Protector.” And I used Chinese action and Chinese culture but it just didn't work. I think it was the wrong timing but now, over thirty years later, I went to America because America invited me. So, when I go to America, I still do the same kind of action, the same kind of comedy and it's the right timing, the right moment and the right mood. But, I think America is a free country; they like everything but when you bring something in, are you bringing it at the right time, at the right moment? That's all. And, right now, China is probably – I don't know yet – the biggest market in the world. I think it's time to bring not only American culture to China, but whole Asia. Everything in China should be like a collaboration movie with Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia. Film is the international language and we should combine everything together.
How do you feel about the fact that Wuxia and the tradition on martial arts you were raised on have become the predominant style of action across global cinema?
Of course, I am very happy! Because, we're talking about a long, long time ago, about Wong Yue, Bruce Lee, and so many who have followed in their footsteps and continued to promote our culture throughout the world and I believe that after me, there will still be a few more people who will continue in my footsteps. And, just like there are so many American directors and actors who promote American culture to the world, it's the same thing; we accept our culture, we learn it and we try to return something to it. If everybody knows everybody's culture, there would be no more wars and no more misunderstandings. I think culture, film and music are very important.
My impression, and you have confirmed it, is that Hollywood is producing fewer films involving real martial artists than in the past. What, in your opinion, has changed in the world of action films?
Because martial arts films are difficult to shoot, it's not easy, you know. You have to have an actor who can really fight and then you can do “Papapapapammm” [Chan shows a move] and use a sword for everything. But, honestly, in Hollywood, not many actors know martial arts! Maybe they know action like Tom Cruise, Sylvester Stallone – they like boxing, that's a different kind. So, if they use a special effect, like in Batman or Superman, good, they can use a special effect to do all kinds of action. Sometimes, the action is even better than my action! Like in “300,” I was like “Wow! That's so good!” So, they spend a lot of money to create this kind of action and I think it's ten times better than mine but they don't really use the action. Liam Neeson, for instance, is not an action star, but they can use a small shot and make him become an action star. There's actor action star and there's action star. It's different. Now, Liam Neeson is an actor action star. First, he can act and his action is easy. There's easy action and difficult action and easy action is just like Matt Damon and “Bourne Identity.” They can use a camera and “Papapapapammm” [Chan shows a move] and, it's so good! And, even I see it and I'm like, “Wow! Matt Damon can fight that good!” My kind of action is the difficult action. But, the audience doesn't know that. They just want to see good or bad, that's all! In “Shanghai Noon,” for instance, the two tomahawks were real tomahawks! Eeeeyyyuuuuu! [Chan does the motion of throwing a tomahawk in the air] When I use explosions, I want to use a real explosion behind me. Sometimes, when I make a Hollywood film, they say “Jackie! Action! Act scared!” And there's nothing behind me! They just use pretend scare… When you see the Asian films that I make, I am really scared! You can tell from the face! Maybe I like the excitement! I'm stupid, that's all. But, sometimes I like stupid and also the audience, they like to see Jackie stupid!
Nowadays, the success of a film is measured by the success of its box office results. There are some films that have had a poor result at the box office but have nonetheless greatly influenced pop culture and filmmaking. How do you measure the success of a film?
For me, when I was young, a long, long time ago, the box office result was very important because if there were no box office, nobody would invite me. And, making money came first, and then the quality because I had to feed my family and myself. And, slowly, when my movies were successful, then I would think about being an actor, a producer, a director. We do have the responsibility towards society, towards the world and this is why, for example, when I made “Drunken Master,” it was only drinking, fighting, drinking, fighting — and when I got older, I realized it was the wrong message! So, I made “Drunken Master II” and the message was: don't drink, don't fight. I had to correct myself and now, when I am making a movie, it's about not the box office anymore. I want to make the movie I want to make. I want to speak out the things in the movie. I want every movie to have a message, just like “Dragon Blade.” Of course, if the box office is good and the credit is good, it all makes me happy and if the box office is not good, it still makes me happy, mostly because I speak out my message. Today, I don't need money. I have enough money already. I want to do something right for when I pass away, for when, in a hundred years, your grandchildren and my grandchildren can say, “That's some movie! It's very good!” and they can forget “Drunken Master” and talk about who I am or “Dragon Blade.” That would make me happy. Some movies made a lot of money and people, boom, they forget… but some movies don't make any money but people, 20 or 50 years later are still talking about it and that's what I want!
You once said that you love action but that you hate violence. This is kind of a conflict of interest, isn't it? How do you deal with it?
It's a very big dilemma indeed! People always think that action is violence so it's quite a dilemma! Yes, you're right! I just do the best I can to show the whole world, you know, that violence is wrong.
What are your next projects? There are a lot of rumors about a sequel to “The Karate Kid.” Can you talk about that?
I think that, in a way, I have already planned the next eight years of my life, almost. Next month, I will start a film called “Railroad Tiger” or something like that. Later on, the title might change… I just translated literally “Railroad Tiger”… Then, I'm doing a Kung Fu yoga film in India, and after that, “Civilian” and the director will probably be Peter Segal and then probably something with Michael Campbell and then again something with Daniel Lee; then “Chinese Zodiac 2” with myself directing again and after that, “Police Story 2.” There are just so many things going on! I think that I just like the challenge! Every movie is different! I want the audience to see every year a different Jackie Chan. This year, at Christmas, “Skiptrace” will be released. It's an action comedy with Johnny Knoxville. And, for “The Karate Kid 2,” right now, it's almost the third or fourth draft and Will Smith is concentrating very seriously on it. Every time he gives me a call and says that the script is almost ready, I tell him, “Hurry up! Otherwise, your young son will be taller than me!” Also, there's probably a “Shanghai Dawn” coming to and “Rush Hour 4” — no, I'm just joking! READ MORE: Jackie Chan Says He Dislikes His ‘Rush Hour' Movies The Most, Reveals Sylvester Stallone Wanted Him To Play A Drug Baron
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
GERMANTOWN, Wisc. — A Wisconsin woman says Southwest Airlines refused to let her call her husband after she received a troubling text message shortly before her flight was scheduled to take off.
Last month, Karen Momsen-Evers was flying back to Milwaukee when she received a text message from her husband, Andy, that read, “Karen, please forgive me for what I am about to do, I am going to kill myself…”
“I started shaking the minute I got the text and I was panicked, I didn't know what to do,” Momsen-Evers told WTMJ, noting that her husband had been stressed recently.
Momsen-Evers responded “no” to the text message and immediately tried to call her husband, but a flight attendant told her to turn the phone off.
“The steward slapped the phone down and said you need to go on airplane mode now,” she told WTMJ.
Momsen-Evers says she explained the situation but was told it was “FAA regulations” and nothing could be done. Once the flight reached a cruising altitude, she explained the situation to another attendant in hopes of being able to make an emergency phone call during the flight.
“I begged her, I said I'm sure someone can make an emergency phone call,” but she says the woman told her there was nothing she could do.
Momsen-Evers said she sat in her seat and sobbed for the entire flight.
When the plane arrived at the gate, she immediately called police. When she arrived at home, she was met by officers who informed her that her husband had killed himself.
Southwest Airlines issued a statement to WTMJ in response to the incident.
The airline also offered the woman a full refund.
“The pain of knowing something could have been done, it breaks my heart,” she said.
VIDEO – Spokane, Washington Will Have the First Retail Marijuana Store in the State
Kouchlock Productions will be the first recreational marijuana store in Washington state. Owner Scott O'Neil will open his doors on July 1, over a year and a half since voters made recreational pot legal in the state.
Washington voters passed legal recreational marijuana in the November of 2012 election, the same election year that voters in Colorado did the same. But while Colorado has had recreational pot shops open since January 1, it has taken until now for Washington's Liquor Control Board to finally give the green light to the first store.
Supply will be short for Washington's lone pot shop. The Liquor Control Board allowed growing to start just four months ago – only enough time for two grow cycles to complete.
Considering there is one store and not a lot of pot, prices will be high and there will be limits imposed on customers until more weed can be harvested. O'Neil told KREM news in Spokane that customers would probably be able to get an eighth of an ounce at most.
New pot shops will open in a staggered roll out as the government approves a handful at a time. It will not be like January 1 was in Colorado, when a good number of stores all opened on that first day of sales in the state to a celebratory crowd of customers.
During the first few months of recreational sales in Washington, buyers can expect to see high prices for pot compared to Colorado. With new shops opening a few at a time,, limited supply, and higher state taxes on marijuana, the Washington retail cannabis market price will be notably higher. But as more shops open and new grow operations harvest their crops, prices will eventually come down.
The supporters of legal recreational marijuana in Washington state have been watching Coloradans enjoy their new industry for six months while waiting for theirs to start. The slow, deliberate roll out in Washington has been a “major buzzkill”. This first sign of the new industry is a real reason for them to celebrate.
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook or check back often to stay informed about Washington's recreational marijuana scene. We will be adding Washington to our exclusive Recreational Pot Shops directory, as well as launching our popular Cannabis Tripz & Tourz in Washington as they open their stores. Stay tuned….
Violence erupted across Nagaland's capital Kohima on Thursday over women reservation in Urban local bodies polls. The escalating violence, which has already left two people dead and several others injured, prompted the Home Ministry to send central forces to contain the law and order situation even as curfew and Section 144 continue to remain imposed in Dimapur and Kohima districts.
Advertising
WATCH VIDEO | Curfew Imposed In Kohima Following Violence In Nagaland: Find Out What Happened
Youths armed with spears and machetes took to the streets to protest against the state government's decision to hold polls on February 1 despite an earlier deal to postpone the election by two months.
ALSO READ: ULB elections: NTAC demands resignation of Nagaland CM T R Zeliang
Advertising
Meanwhile, the Nagaland government has decided to withhold the election process to 12 Urban Local Bodies (ULBs). “Keeping in view the sentiments of people, and the prevailing situation, the state cabinet decided to ask the State Election Commission (SEC) to withhold the ongoing process of elections to the ULBs,” an official release had said.
6 of 8
In professional sports, a systematic fit is everything. Truth be told, a less talented athlete can be more effective in the right system, say, over an All-Pro caliber player that is forced to get away from his strengths.
For example, when he was with the New York Giants, now-retired WR Steve Smith flourished, but he cooled off significantly after leaving the team. The same can be said for current 49er CB Nnamdi Asomugha, who struggled in the switch from Oakland to Philadelphia.
In short, the combination of system and coaching can make or break a career.
With that said, a player to watch in San Francisco this year is defensive tackle Glenn Dorsey. As the No. 5 overall pick in 2008 (Kansas City), he possesses the physical tools and ceiling to be an asset for the 49ers.
Dorsey, 27, is expected to take over as the starting nose guard in the team's 3-4 base defense, assuming the duties left by Isaac Sopoaga, who is now in Philadelphia. After five seasons, the 6'1”, 297-pounder has an opportunity to rehab his career in a big way.
“It is good to have a fresh start and be able to start over,” Dorsey told Digital Media Manager Scott Kegley of 49ers.com.
As the most decorated DL in the history of LSU—a big-time defensive school—many have been patiently awaiting the rise of Dorsey at the pro level. Coming out of the college ranks, he simply destroyed blockers, which made him a generally disruptive force in the trenches.
In his transition from the NCAA, Dorsey evolved from a pass-rushing defensive tackle to a run-stuffing end with Kansas City. In his last two stops with the Tigers and Chiefs, there have been signs of his ability to do both, which gives him immense value.
However, he has yet to field the total package all at once, which is what San Francisco is working towards this offseason. As an investment, Dorsey's talent combined with this coaching staff and defensive personnel has the potential for a high return.
The six-year pro is learning like a rookie all over again, except he's benefited from having built a callous at the NFL level. Thus, his time with defensive line coach Jim Tomsula will be all the more valuable.
This is a relationship that may finally help Dorsey push his game to the next level.
“Very beneficial,” Dorsey said of Tomsula. “He gives you different ways to look at things, and different ways to use your body and your hands, and using what God gave you. He's doing a tremendous job. I'm learning a lot. I'm learning a lot of new techniques and it's all making sense for me.”
Dorsey was optimistic about the defensive scheme, saying he is “going to play everywhere,” which includes lining up on the inside and the outside. In that regard, it sounds as if the 49ers will try to get him going as a run-stuffer and pass-rusher.
If he is seeing time in both the base and the nickel, it shows they view him as an every-down defensive lineman. If he can blackout sections of the protection, he can be similarly effective as All-Pro DE Justin Smith.
As wide-bodied linemen, together Dorsey and Smith both have the ability to take up a great deal of space. This will ultimately allow the linebackers behind them to roam and attack freely.
While Tomsula will be his primary instructor, Dorsey will spend time learning from starters Ray McDonald and Justin Smith as well. As soon as OTAs were underway, the hands-on tutelage began.
Following in the paths of Justin Smith (Cincinnati), Carlos Rogers (Washington) and Donte Whitner (Buffalo), Dorsey may to be next defensive player to come to San Francisco as a free agent and experience a career turnaround.
After four years of development, modder ‘Timian' and his team have released a new fan expansion for Half Life 2, HL2 – ICE. ICE continues the game's storyline somewhere in the Antarctic through ice landscapes and underground bases.
ICE is inspired by Half-Life and conspiracy theories like the “Dulce Underground Bases” and the “Nightmare Hall”, and sports a new MKVII HEV Suit.
ICE takes place between Half Life 2 and Half Life 3. Gordon awakens in the artic and is soon on a path to reach some stranded Aperture fallout shelter citizens before the combine do.
This fan expansion features many new weapons, enemies and a campaign that lasts around five hours. In addition, this is a standalone mod/expansion, meaning that you won't need the base Half Life 2 game in order to play it.
Those interested can download the mod from here. And here is how you can install it:
Unpack the icemod folder from the icemod.rar into your ‘steam/steamapps/sourcemods‘ folder
Restart Steam for ‘ICE' to show up in your games list.
Have fun!
As Kane fought with Fina, their war kept spreading to new fronts. In a feud that riveted the state's legal and political communities, Kane and Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams - both Democrats and the state's two top law enforcement officials - became enemies.
Williams, who hired Fina as a prosecutor after he left the state payroll, ended up resurrecting the sting investigation. At last count, five defendants - four former state legislators and a former president judge of Philadelphia Traffic Court - had pleaded guilty or no contest to corruption charges.
Williams accused Kane of erroneously suggesting that race had played a role in the selection of targets in the investigation.
The accused, Williams said, "took money not because they were targeted or tricked, or because of their race. They took it because they wanted the money."
Kane, in scrutinizing Fina's handling of a past case, found a powerful weapon. While examining Fina's work investigating sex offender Jerry Sandusky, she learned that Fina, among many others in her agency and elsewhere in government, had been swapping pornographic emails on state computers for years.
She denounced the offensive emails and complained that her public stand against them had led to her arrest. This fueled a burgeoning scandal that eventually cost several top officials their jobs, including two justices of the state Supreme Court.
Kane is the first attorney general to be convicted of a crime since 1995, when Ernest Preate resigned as the state's top law enforcement official and served a year in federal prison after pleading guilty to fraud related to a campaign contribution.
Despite a relatively thin resumé - a dozen years as an assistant district attorney in the Scranton area - Kane campaigned ably in 2012, selling herself as a newcomer without ties to the establishment. She picked up support by criticizing the investigation of Sandusky, a former Pennsylvania State University assistant football coach, a stance that paid off with strong support from voters in areas close to the university.
In her first year in office, Kane won media attention for her stands in favor of a gun-control measure and marriage equality. But that was also the year she shut down the sting, doing so under court seal with no word to the public.
When the Inquirer disclosed her decision in a story the following year, Kane was livid.
"I will not allow them to discredit me or our office," Kane wrote in an email on the day the article appeared. "This is war."
In her public remarks, Kane savaged the sting investigation, called it "half-assed," poorly planned and managed, and too weak to lead to any convictions. More seriously, she said the cases might have been marred by racial targeting.
But, the jury found, she also orchestrated the leak, dispatching two associates - her second in command, Adrian King, and political consultant Josh Morrow - to act in relay as couriers to deliver the leaked material to a reporter with the Daily News.
The result was a story quoting a detective as saying Fina failed to aggressively pursue 2009 allegations that J. Whyatt Mondesire, a veteran civil rights leader in Philadelphia and head of the city chapter of the NAACP, had misused state money. Mondesire, now deceased, was never charged with any crime. Fina has defended his handling of the case.
Morrow later became a key prosecution witness against Kane, in tandem with King. Morrow told jurors that the point of the leak was to strike back at Fina. In court, Kane's lawyers blasted both King and Morrow as liars.
"The commonwealth is asking you to rely on them. . . . You would not even buy a used car from either one of them," said Seth Farber, one of six lawyers on Kane's defense team.
Morrow said later that he and Kane plotted together to pin the crime solely on King. "We had conspired to create this story that wasn't true," Morrow told the jury. "Kathleen and I came up with a story that she was going to testify to and I was going to testify to."
From even before the Daily News published its story, Fina, 50, fought back tenaciously. When the Daily News reporter contacted him for comment for the pending story, Fina immediately reported to authorities that the journalist had gained access to secret grand jury material.
This triggered the appointment of a special prosecutor, Norristown lawyer Thomas Carluccio, a six-month grand jury probe led by him, a three-month investigation by Montgomery County prosecutors and detectives, and, ultimately, Kane's arrest a year ago on charges of perjury, obstruction, official oppression, false swearing, and conspiracy.
In defending herself, Kane blamed Fina. She said he had "corruptly manufactured" the charges against her to block her from exposing his troubling emails. But after prosecutors contended that the pornographic emails had no relevance to the criminal case, Demchick-Alloy, who presided over the trial, barred Kane from making that charge in court.
Still, before the trial, Kane publicly criticized Fina and District Attorney Williams, sparking a political crisis for Williams after six years in office. She helped drum up sustained public criticism of the district attorney for his decision to stand by Fina and other former prosecutors on his staff who had been implicated in what inevitably came to be called Porngate in Harrisburg. This summer, Fina, after years as a federal, state and city prosecutor, quit Williams' staff.
While Kane and Fina battled, the Attorney General's Office has been in turmoil. Kane has gone through a string of spokesmen and top aides. High-profile cases have unraveled, a sullen staff has had to endure multiple investigations, and ex-prosecutors and supervisors have filed a blizzard of lawsuits against Kane. So far, taxpayers have shelled out nearly $600,000 to cover expenses settling or fighting those suits.
During her trial, no fewer than five former or current Kane aides provided damaging testimony against her. One, David Peifer, the office's head of special investigations, testified under a grant of immunity from prosecution, as did Morrow.
In the spring, though, Kane finally bowed to the political realities: a depleted campaign fund, $1.6 million owed to her husband (whom she is divorcing) from her last race, and negatives in polling.
The onetime star among Pennsylvania Democrats, the woman who pundits had said was destined for the U.S. Senate or even higher office, announced that she would not seek reelection.
She pledged to fight on in court, though. As Wolf, a fellow Democrat, and others pushed for her to step down, she stayed on - even after the state Supreme Court suspended her law license after she was criminally charged.
"A resignation would be an admission of guilt, and I'm not guilty," Kane said.
Prosecutor Henry had a different view. After the verdict, she said, "There are great men and women that work in the Office of Attorney General - great prosecutors, great agents, great support staff. They have had to suffer through what this defendant has done, not just to them, but to the citizens of this commonwealth. I am glad that the end is finally in sight."
A hot new toy is being stolen from kids across the country, and it's now happening in Milwaukee.WISN 12 News reporter Christina Palladino spoke to a mom whose two kids were held up at gunpoint and robbed of their brand-new hoverboards.VIDEO: Kids' hoverboards stolen at gunpoint"He put the gun in the back of my little daughter's head who's 7,” Ceree Hall said.Hall was describing how her 7- and 11-year-old daughters were held at gunpoint as they played on the sidewalk near their home at 40th and Wright streets.They had brand-new hoverboards -- the latest high-tech toy on the market."This is crazy. I can't believe it happened that quick. (I) can't believe it happened right here in front of everybody. There was plenty of people out here,” Hall said.Hall just bought the hoverboards for her girls over the weekend.Police told WISN 12 News three people, one of whom had a gun, approached the girls and demanded the hoverboards. "He snatched it from under her. She almost fell, but she caught her balance,” Hall said.Milwaukee police said they're aware of at least one other theft of a hoverboard. In other major cities, several hoverboards have also been stolen at gunpoint.The owner of a shop near 41st Street and North Avenue said he doesn't put them on display and didn't want to do an interview for fear of being robbed.Hall wants parents to be aware of what happened to her kids before they rush out to get them for Christmas.“Never in my wildest dreams did I think my kids would be getting robbed out here,” Hall said.Most hoverboards are available online. Many of them start at $300 or $400.Experts said to be aware of knockoffs that malfunction easily.9737608
A hot new toy is being stolen from kids across the country, and it's now happening in Milwaukee.
WISN 12 News reporter Christina Palladino spoke to a mom whose two kids were held up at gunpoint and robbed of their brand-new hoverboards.
Advertisement
VIDEO: Kids' hoverboards stolen at gunpoint
"He put the gun in the back of my little daughter's head who's 7,” Ceree Hall said.
Hall was describing how her 7- and 11-year-old daughters were held at gunpoint as they played on the sidewalk near their home at 40th and Wright streets.
They had brand-new hoverboards -- the latest high-tech toy on the market.
"This is crazy. I can't believe it happened that quick. (I) can't believe it happened right here in front of everybody. There was plenty of people out here,” Hall said.
Hall just bought the hoverboards for her girls over the weekend.
Police told WISN 12 News three people, one of whom had a gun, approached the girls and demanded the hoverboards.
"He snatched it from under her. She almost fell, but she caught her balance,” Hall said.
Milwaukee police said they're aware of at least one other theft of a hoverboard. In other major cities, several hoverboards have also been stolen at gunpoint.
The owner of a shop near 41st Street and North Avenue said he doesn't put them on display and didn't want to do an interview for fear of being robbed.
Hall wants parents to be aware of what happened to her kids before they rush out to get them for Christmas.
“Never in my wildest dreams did I think my kids would be getting robbed out here,” Hall said.
Most hoverboards are available online. Many of them start at $300 or $400.
Experts said to be aware of knockoffs that malfunction easily.
AlertMe
Posted by Ross Devil Survivor Overclocked - Patch update!
Hi everyone. I'm relieved to report that the Devil Survivor Overclocked patch has now passed through testing here and a submission to Nintendo is imminent. The key issues regarding Devil Summoning and the Auction House have been fixed and Atlus have also improved the naming convention for characters and demons. Once Nintendo has approved the patch, we are hopeful that it will be available to download from the eShop in the next few weeks.
At this point, a huge thank you should go out to Atlus for their team's dedication and continued hard work in resolving the reported issues in the game. Also, on behalf of Ghostlight I would once again like to apologise for the inconvenience these bugs have caused and thank you all for your patience while we work towards bringing the patch to the eShop.
In other Devil Survivor Overclocked news, I'm glad to report that Devil Survivor Overclocked is now back in stock. Those of you who don't wish to wait for the patch before picking up your copy, can visit the store here to get your hands on this fantastic game. Not only that, but anyone who buys it through the Ghostlight Store will still receive two free and exclusive unfolded A1 posters featuring Atlus' incredible artwork from the game. Please note that the newly manufactured stock will still require the patch to resolve the bugs.
Moving on to other news and work on the PC version of Agarest: Generations of War is continuing to progress really well. Not only have several annoying bugs been squashed, but mouse controls have now been implemented in many areas of the game and while there are still some tweaks needed, I've found the mouse controls to be really intuitive, particularly during battles. It's almost as if the game is finding its natural home on the PC :)
That's all for now. I'll be back next week with more news from Ghostlight. Until then you can follow Ghostlight on our Twitter and Facebook pages, our Youtube Channel and our Google + account, where we'll be posting all the latest news from Ghostlight. You can also follow me on Twitter for a more personal take on all things Ghostlight.
The 15 Peak Years for Top-End Income-Shares in U.S., 1913-2013
Eric Zuesse
DATA-SOURCE:
http://topincomes.g-mond.parisschoolofeconomics.eu/#Database:
Top 0.01% income share including capital gains, United States, the 15 peak years
1915: 4.36%
1916: 4.78%
1928: 5.02%
1929: 4.99%
1999: 4.21%
2000: 5.07%
2004: 4.34%
2005: 5.13%
2006: 5.46%
2007: 6.04%
2008: 5.03%
2010: 4.78%
2011: 4.32%
2012: 5.81%
2013: 4.48%
(1941-83: under 2%)
GRAPH:
——
Top 0.1-0.01% income share including capital gains, United States, the 15 peak years
1913: 5.86%
1914: 5.87%
1916: 5.73%
1925: 5.21%
1927: 5.50%
1928: 6.52%
1929: 5.92%
1999: 5.41%
2000: 5.80%
2004: 5.12%
2005: 5.86%
2006: 6.13%
2007: 6.24%
2008: 5.37%
2012: 5.90%
(1951-84: under 3%)
GRAPH:
——
CONCLUSIONS:
Almost all of the income to the top tenth of 1% is going actually to the top hundredth of 1%: the wealthiest of the billionaires are getting almost everything. An extreme case: in 2012, the top 0.01% got 5.81% of the income, wherease the top 0.10% got 5.90% of the income. All the rest of the top 0.10%, who were 0.09% of the total population, received only 0.09% of the income, which means that they relatively benefited neither more nor less than did the rest of the U.S. population. So: look only on the billionaires lists in order to find the real beneficiaries that year.
Whereas the years 1944-1983 (from Truman through Carter) were the peak years for equality in the U.S., the years 1914-1929 (from Wilson through Hoover), and 1998-2013 (from Clinton through Obama), were/are the peak years for inequality in the U.S.
Truman through Carter constituted also the years of America's overwhelming dominance of the world. FDR led America into it, and Ronald Reagan (despite the precursing President Carter's failed effort to rescue our Embassy-personnel after the U.S.-imposed Shah escaped Tehran to Mexico in 1979) led America out of it. Reagan's leading the decline was not at all obvious at the time, because America's communist opponent had been rotting and finally died on his watch; Reagan was able to bask in the ‘glory' of that Soviet internal collapse, but the broader economic cycle for America was already heading downward, and Presidents since his time have been trying to distract the American people from that decline by upping the foreign invasions and coups, the latest being Obama's coup in Ukraine in 2014, aimed against what had been a rising Russia.
In the figures above, the years 2014 and beyond are not shown, nor is pre-1913. It's just 1913-2013. That was The American Century.
America, now, at the end of The American Century, is repeating the situation that existed at the start of The American Century. Back in that era, we were heading for a huge crash, but the United States was the world's rising power then, to replace UK. This time around, we are again heading for a huge crash, but the United States is the world's declining power now, to be replaced by China.
What China is, America was.
“Go west, young man,” the famous phrase from John Babsone Lane Soule in 1851, means, this time: go to Asia. Again, the wild west is rising; but, now, it has moved all the way across the ocean.
Will America go to war against China, in a desperate attempt to maintain the empire for its top 0.01%, like Germany went to war against UK after Versailles, in order to regain its pre-WWI position, as being the rising power set to overtake England?
It's those top 0.01% of Americans who control the American government, who will be making that decision, unless the American people themselves somehow overthrow them from that power-perch, and take back what used to be America's democracy.
A century which began with, and has returned to, extreme economic inequality, suggests that, what Germany did, America will repeat. However, if that happens, the result will be even more cataclysmic than before. Whether that happens will depend upon how greedy America's top 0.01% are. Obama's rhetoric to America's future military leaders suggests that they want it all, and they demand to have it all:
“the United States is and remains the one indispensable nation. That has been true for the century passed [he meant ‘past'] and it will be true for the century to come. … Russia's aggression toward former Soviet states unnerves capitals in Europe, while China's economic rise and military reach worries its neighbors. From Brazil to India, rising middle classes compete with us, and governments seek a greater say in global forums.”
America will come to the world's rescue, he told our future warrior-leaders. They will be fighting not only ‘terrorists' but also Russia, China, and perhaps even whatever “rising middle classes compete with us,” from “Brazil to India.”
If so, they'll have a big plate — containing a bowlful of the world's blood, for thirsty drinkers.
So, we've met our masters, the top 1% of the top 1%. They like things just the way they are, but they want more of it. More poverty for the masses (or else in foreign countries) means more money for themselves; it's increasingly the American way to super-wealth. “The economics are compelling,” says one aspirant to billionairdom, in that last video. But, “No, I wouldn't want to live here.” It's just a proven fact; this really is the way to succeed, and successful people have no qualms about it.
———-
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of They're Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of CHRIST'S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity, and of Feudalism, Fascism, Libertarianism and Economics.
For many years now in California we've witnessed an extremist Republican minority in the legislature hold the state budget hostage through manipulating the “two-thirds rule” that allows a legislative minority to dictate to the majority whether any new revenues can be raised.
The debt ceiling gambit that Republicans in the House of Representatives have used to tie the U.S. government in knots in recent months is simply the California GOP's tactic writ large.
Like Governor Jerry Brown and the Democratic leadership in Sacramento, President Barack Obama and the Democratic leadership in Washington will capitulate (after many paralyzing months of hopes for “compromise”) and enact an all-cuts budget with no “shared sacrifice” in the form of higher taxes imposed on the rich and corporations.
The debt ceiling “deal” might postpone the next budget confrontation past the 2012 elections, but it will shred social programs that serve working people and are vital to key Democratic constituencies, while tearing apart the broader social contract between the government and its citizens. (At a time when the otherwise gridlocked Congress and administration can pull together and pass with celerity $649 billion for one-year's defense budget the debt ceiling fight is all about priorities in any case.)
The Beltway political commentary on the debt ceiling hostage standoff has also mirrored the California experience. Political pundits in the corporate media never explain why they believe threatening to throw the nation's economy over a cliff is a legitimate political tactic. Instead they rely on the tired old false equivalency and faux balance. Yet we all know that if the situation were reversed and Nancy Pelosi had done the exact same thing to President George W. Bush when she was Speaker of the House, these same political commentators would be putting forth all manner of high-minded Constitutional arguments why holding the debt ceiling hostage was an outrageous and illegitimate act. That's how it works in California; and that's how it apparently works now for the nation. If you ever wanted proof that in the larger media context progressives and right-wing Republicans are not treated equally you need not look anywhere else.
In California, we didn't elect Jerry Brown and Democratic majorities in the Assembly and the Senate in 2010 in order to roll back years of progressive social policies and systematically dismantle vital public sector institutions. But that is what we got. Similarly, we didn't elect Obama in 2008 because he promised to gut social programs that serve the interests of working people. But that is what we're getting.
Like Governor Brown, President Obama has been forced into doing the dirty work for the Republican Right. And like California, low-income women and children, the elderly, college students, public servants, and workers of all kinds are going to bear the brunt of the “shared sacrifice.”
President Obama has already moved far in the Republicans' direction when it comes to prioritizing cutting the deficit over job creation. He now seems to pride himself and measure his political success by the level of anger, betrayal, and demoralization experienced by his working-class political base. For him it's not about governing anymore but positioning himself for 2012.
If Obama is reelected in 2012 it won't be because of the merits of his record, but the inadequacies of his Republican opponent. (A nine percent unemployment rate will see to that.) Hearing him talk about chopping “entitlements” is the polar opposite of everything he claimed to stand for in 2008. Long ago he tossed progressives overboard and allowed the interests of his own constituencies to languish in pursuit of some weird fictional concept of “bipartisanship.”
And therein lies the tragedy. Obama's presidency over the last two and half years has coincided with the sharpest contraction and rollback of the public sector since the 1980s (especially at the local level where the cuts really hurt). Historically (from the time of the New Deal anyway), broad progressive social change has only been possible when a Democratic president sidelined right-wing Republicans. Franklin Roosevelt didn't address the crisis of the Great Depression by seeking at every turn “compromise” with Republicans and “bipartisanship” (like Obama does). The Republican Right of the era denounced FDR as a traitor to his class and a closet communist. Medicare and Medicaid weren't passed with anything close to a “bipartisan” consensus. Yet Obama has insisted all along that every move he makes must have the imprimatur of a group of chimerical Republican “moderates.”
It's fine to hear important and smart commentators like Paul Krugman, Robert Reich, and others call for more Keynesian methods to address the failure of the private sector to produce jobs, but it's too late for that now. The savage cuts at the state and local levels would already make any new federal stimulus (unless of vast New Deal proportions) ineffective. The economic crisis and Obama's lukewarm handling of it gives progressives precious little “hope” and “change” to look forward to going into 2012.
Joseph Palermo
Joseph Palermo's Blog
EPFL scientists show that the STING signaling pathway, which helps coordinate the innate immune system, causes cell death in T cells of the adaptive immune system. This “killing” effect includes cancerous T cells, and has implications for treating T cell-derived cancers.
The cells of the innate immune system use a signaling pathway comprising STING (Stimulator of interferon genes) to detect DNA from invading viruses and fight them. However, it is unknown if STING triggers the same or different responses in cells of the adaptive immune system, such as T cells. EPFL scientists have now shown that T cells have an “unconventional” STING response, which manifests as apoptotic cell death. The work, which may have implications for the treatment T cell-derived malignancies, is published in Nature Communications.
Innate immune system
The innate immune system is our first line of defense, made up of cells that quickly identify pathogens such as DNA from viruses. To do this, these cells use receptors that can identify nucleic acids — the building blocks of DNA — that in turn activate a signaling molecule called STING.
Once activated, the STING pathway turns on a set of genes that produce signaling molecules (cytokines) that help cells communicate with each other, as well as other cell-activating processes that fight off the infecting pathogen. But what we don't know whether the STING response produces different outcomes between different cell types.
The STING of death
The lab of Andrea Ablasser at EPFL looked at the consequences of the STING pathway in T cells. Their analysis found that STING triggers the expression of BH3-only proteins — well known to be involved in cell death — which induces apoptosis in cells, as opposed to the production of cytokines such as interferons, which stimulate immune responses.
Interestingly, the researchers also found that this pro-apoptotic effect exists in cancerous T cells, such as the ones that cause T-cell lymphomas, which account for about a tenth of non-Hodgkin lymphomas. The EPFL scientists found that delivering a small molecule that activates the STING pathway prevents the growth of T cell-derived tumors in live animals.
The work shows an unanticipated connection between the magnitude of STING signaling and its ability to elicit different responses. This may allow for cell-type-adjusted behaviors in the presence of internal or external insults such as infections or oxidative stress.
The study uncovers a novel, non-immune effect of the STING pathway whereby it induces a different effect in cells of the adaptive immune system (T cells) than its effect in cells of the innate immune system. The fact that this effect is pro-apoptotic and is maintained even in cancerous T cells in vivo open up significant possibilities for treating T-cell lymphomas in the future.
Other contributing institutions
ISREC Foundation
Medical University of Innsbruck
INSERM UMR866
Tyrolean Cancer Research Institute
Funding
Swiss National Science Foundation
Novartis Foundation for medical-biological Research
Else Kröner Fresenius-Stiftung
Reference
Muhammet F. Gulen, Ute Koch, Simone M. Haag, Fabian Schuler, Lionel Apetoh, Andreas Villunger, Freddy Radtke, Andrea Ablasser. Signalling strength determines proapoptotic functions of STING.Nature Communications 05 September 2017. DOI: 10.1038/s41467-017-00573-w
As the Venice-Telluride-Toronto film festival corridor begins to churn out something resembling an Oscar season beat sheet, a handful of earlier 2017 releases are speaking up, lest they be lost in the fall prestige clutter.
Wednesday night, 20th Century Fox will hold a screening of James Mangold's “Logan” — on the Warner Bros. lot, oddly enough — with Mangold and star Hugh Jackman on hand for a Q&A. The film hit theaters less than a week after last February's Oscars ceremony and went on to rack up over $616 million in global box office receipts. It also remains one of the year's most critically acclaimed films.
Chief on the list of possibilities for the film is Patrick Stewart's supporting performance, saddling up to the role of Professor Charles Xavier for the seventh time (nearly as many times as Jackman has tackled Wolverine). But this is his most emotional rendering of the character yet, and it comes in a film that hasn't been dismissed as a genre trifle, but rather, one with hard-bitten western DNA that could appeal more than other films in the “X-Men” series have.
Prior to scheduling that event, the gears at Fox were already turning for another of the studio's genre entries, “War for the Planet of the Apes.” Producer Peter Chernin even hopped on the phone with awards press to discuss plans to keep Matt Reeves' film in the industry's eye. “War” hasn't connected at the box office as much as the studio would have hoped, but it remains one of the year's best, and you can expect a push for recognition — even of the special achievement sort — for what Andy Serkis and company have accomplished in the performance-capture realm throughout the series.
Related Playback: Jordan Peele on ‘Get Out' and Art's Role Under a Trump Regime
Finally, a number of journalists were quick to mention on Twitter that they had received the first “awards screener” of the year in the form of Universal's “Get Out” Blu-ray mailer. In reality, Jordan Peele's satire — which grossed over $252 million worldwide — was meant to ship months ago timed to the DVD's street date, but it fell through the cracks for boring reasons that aren't worth mentioning here. The discs went to members of the Broadcast Film Critics Assn. and Hollywood Foreign Press Assn. this week. Universal is actually keen on getting a jump on things overall, however, as the film is viewed as a serious contender for the studio.
We'll have to wait a few weeks before we'll know what the true “first awards screener” of the year will be, i.e. discs that land on actual Academy members' doorsteps (or inboxes). But in the meantime, these campaigns are doing what they can to stay out ahead of what is sure to be another noisy season. We'll see how much of a grip they can maintain throughout.
Date: Thu, 23 Jun 2011 02:53:03 +0400 From: Solar Designer <solar@...nwall.com> To: announce@...ts.openwall.com, john-users@...ts.openwall.com Subject: John the Ripper 1.7.8: DES speedup Hi, Earlier today, I've released John the Ripper 1.7.8, and I've just made available the updated -omp-des patches for it as well. (A jumbo patch update is to be announced separately.) http://www.openwall.com/john/ http://download.openwall.net/pub/projects/john/1.7.8/ This release has been sponsored by Rapid7, a leading provider of unified vulnerability management and penetration testing solutions: http://www.rapid7.com As a few of you might be aware, Roman Rusakov and I have been working on new DES S-box expressions and program code, with Rapid7's sponsorship. The primary idea was Roman's, and he did all the work to generate the S-box expressions (which took months on his overclocked water-cooled quad-core machine with 24 GB RAM). My humble contribution was code generation and feedback to Roman such that we'd have not only the smallest gate count, but also decent program code (not requiring too many registers, reasonably efficient on 2-operand architectures, yet containing inherent parallelism). In the end, we had thousands of same-gate-count "circuits" to choose from for some of the S-boxes and some of the target instruction sets. Well, as you have guessed by now, John the Ripper 1.7.8 replaces the S-box expressions with Roman's, and the corresponding code with mine (where applicable). Being mathematical formulas, the S-box expressions are not copyrighted and are free for reuse by anyone. The corresponding program code I have placed under a cut-down BSD license. It is our intent to encourage reuse of both the S-box expressions and their corresponding program code, including in "competing" password security auditing programs. Speaking of gate counts, the new S-box expressions offer a 17% improvement over the corresponding previous best results (which we've been using in John the Ripper so far). Specifically, for the instruction set of typical x86 CPUs (MMX, SSE2, AVX), Matthew Kwan's S-box expressions (generated in 1998) required an average of 53.375 gates per S-box (XNOR gates had to be substituted with pairs of other gates). Roman's S-box expressions need only 44.125 gates per S-box. Similarly, for CPUs/GPUs with "bit select" instructions (Cell, PowerPC with AltiVec, AMD XOP, high-end ATI GPUs), the previous best result by Dango-Chu was 39.875 gates. This is now improved to 32.875. Looking at it another way, the S-box expressions used to be 21% larger. This is not just a marketing figure, it is actually relevant: if the program code consisted solely of the S-boxes, this (and not the smaller 17% figure) would be the potential speedup. In practice, though, a 12% to 14% speedup at DES-based crypt(3) hashes is typical. Here's the new benchmark on Core i7-2600K 3.4 GHz under Ubuntu 11.04, using just one CPU core (not an OpenMP build): Benchmarking: Traditional DES [128/128 BS AVX-16]... DONE Many salts: 5731K c/s real, 5788K c/s virtual Only one salt: 4647K c/s real, 4647K c/s virtual The previous version, 1.7.7, achieved about 5000K c/s at the "many salts" benchmark on this machine. Here's how this is affected by the -fast-des-key-setup patch (available for the new 1.7.8 already): Benchmarking: Traditional DES [128/128 BS AVX-16]... DONE Many salts: 5723K c/s real, 5781K c/s virtual Only one salt: 5518K c/s real, 5518K c/s virtual (the "one salt" speed increases). With OpenMP, -omp-des-4 exceeds 20 million of hash computations per second, for the typical "many salts" case: Benchmarking: Traditional DES [128/128 BS AVX-16]... DONE Many salts: 20668K c/s real, 2593K c/s virtual Only one salt: 8724K c/s real, 1094K c/s virtual That's for 8 threads on this quad-core CPU with SMT. (By the way, this corresponds to over 500 million of DES block encryptions per second, or a data encryption speed of 33 Gbps, if we were encrypting data. Of course, in practice there would be other limitations, such as data transfer bandwidth. But the crypto code and the CPU are this fast.) -omp-des-7 achieves decent single-salt speed: Benchmarking: Traditional DES [128/128 BS AVX-16]... DONE Many salts: 19759K c/s real, 2479K c/s virtual Only one salt: 15777K c/s real, 1982K c/s virtual (I was hoping to merge those patches, but I ran out of time. Maybe next time. For now, they're available as separate patches, but properly updated for the new version of JtR, so they are easy to apply and use.) Other changes in 1.7.8 are: * Corrected support for bcrypt (OpenBSD Blowfish) hashes of passwords containing non-ASCII characters (that is, characters with the 8th bit set). Added support for such hashes produced by crypt_blowfish up to 1.0.4, which contained a sign extension bug (inherited from older versions of John). The old buggy behavior may be enabled per-hash, using the "$2x$" prefix. * The external mode virtual machine's performance has been improved through additional multi-op instructions matching common instruction sequences (assign-pop and some triple- and quad-push VM instructions were added). * A new sample external mode has been added to the default john.conf: AppendLuhn, which appends the Luhn algorithm digit to arbitrary all-digit strings. * A few minor bug fixes and enhancements were made. I am a few hours late with sending this announcement in here, so there's some press coverage of the new John the Ripper release already: Formal press release: http://www.openwall.com/press/20110622 http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20110622005243/en/%E2%80%9CJohn-Ripper%E2%80%9D-Open-Source-Password-Cracker-Offers "Hello Ripper!" - a Rapid7 community blog post, by Jen Ellis: https://community.rapid7.com/community/infosec/blog/2011/06/22/hello-ripper 'John The Ripper' Gets A Facelift - a Dark Reading news story by Kelly Jackson Higgins: http://www.darkreading.com/authentication/167901072/security/vulnerabilities/231000218/john-the-ripper-gets-a-facelift.html Enjoy, reuse, and don't forget to provide feedback. Alexander
Powered by blists - more mailing lists
Your e-mail address:
Confused about mailing lists and their use? Read about mailing lists on Wikipedia and check out these guidelines on proper formatting of your messages.
FILE - In this Feb. 5, 2017, file photo, Lady Gaga performs during the halftime show of the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game between the New England Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons in Houston. Starbucks announced June 12, 2017, that it's teaming with Gaga for a set of brightly colored summery drinks that will raise money for the singer's foundation. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File)
SEATTLE (AP) — Starbucks has teamed up with Lady Gaga for a set of brightly colored summer drinks that will raise money for the singer's foundation.
The “Cups of Kindness” campaign begins Tuesday and runs through Monday. Starbucks says 25 cents from every drink will be donated to Gaga's “Born This Way” foundation, which has an ongoing campaign to encourage kindness.
The drinks include two of Starbucks' famous pink drinks and two new beverages. One of them is a blackberry-flavored violet drink and matcha lemonade, a combination of matcha tea with traditional lemonade that Gaga says she “instantly fell in love with.”
Starbucks is contributing a minimum of $250,000 to Gaga's foundation.
More than a week after his death, Prince is everywhere.
Artists the world over counted him as an influence and mentor, and Japan is no exception. When news of Prince's death broke, Japanese musicians, from pop idols to rappers, tweeted their goodbyes.
But what a lot of people may not realize is that Prince also had profoundly affected one of the most bizarre comic and anime franchises Japan has ever produced – a series called, appropriately enough, “Jojo's Bizarre Adventure.” The series isn't quite as popular as titles like “One Piece” or “Dragon Ball Z,” but it has been running since 1985, spawned video game and novel spinoffs and produced a serious cult following.
And the series creator, Hirohiko Araki, is an indisputable Prince fan.
If you're a fan of “Jojo,” you already know what I'm talking about. The series, which has been running since 1985, has an indescribable funkiness to it – characters stand in amazing poses, the dialogue is always somehow off-kilter, and the costumes look like something right out of a Prince stage set.
But it's probably easier to talk about the main character, Josuke, who actually looks a bit like Prince. Josuke also seems to have a fondness for purple and has two symbols pinned to his collar: the “peace” symbol Prince used in the title of his movie “Sign o' the Times,” and another symbol that looks suspiciously like the one Prince used when he changed his name.
https://twitter.com/ultra_jump/status/723505626832232448
Also, Josuke's hobbies are listed as “playing video games and listening to Prince CDs,” which, incidentally, also sounds a little like my childhood.
Then there's the fact that one of the special powers in “Jojo's Bizarre Adventure” is called “Gold Experience,” after Prince's 1995 album of the same name. It's a little hard to explain what this special power (technically called a “stand” in the series) is, but you can get a feel for it by watching some footage of a video game adaptation of the series.
So here's an eight-minute video of a guy making his golden robot punch, everybody:
(In case you're wondering, he's shouting: “The power of ‘Gold Experience'! Taste the sharp pain slowly.”)
Unlike some actual Prince comic books, the musician never appears in the series as himself. But his presence is felt.
In interviews, Araki has said Prince was his favorite artist. In the credits section of each installment of the comic series, he constantly made references to Prince, recommending that readers buy Prince albums or lamenting that a Prince concert for which he'd bought tickets had been postponed. He's also said that he listens to Prince while drawing his comics.
But if there had been any doubt about the level of Araki's fanaticism, there's that time in 2014 when Prince's movie “Sign o' the Times” had a 25th anniversary theater run in Japan. By this point, Araki's Prince obsession was so widely known that theaters distributed pamphlets containing an extended interview with the comic book artist.
Here's a translated excerpt:
More than the superficial visuals, I was inspired by Prince's rhythm. His rhythm is weird, so it's the type that's the hardest to sing at karaoke. Just when you think he's just calmly keeping the rhythm, he just suddenly switches it up. … When I draw my comics, I try to do the same thing. So when the first episode ends, and when the second episode starts, and all of a sudden it's a completely different setting – for me, that's very Prince-like, when I suddenly break the flow and make the reader go, “Wait, what?”
And honestly, when I suddenly drag the reader into another world … I worry that they'll get confused and maybe my popularity will suffer. But then I think, “Prince is here, so it's OK!” [laughs]. Prince – that's a person that really knows no fear.
So far, Araki hasn't released a public statement about Prince's death. He doesn't seem to be directly involved with the day-to-day running of his official website, and he's notoriously dismissive of social media like Twitter.
But I wouldn't be surprised if a Prince tribute shows up in a future episode of the series. From the same interview:
I want Prince to always be an artist, to always keep making wonderful works of art. ... The thing that makes me happiest is the fact that he keeps releasing albums.”
If you'd like to watch the anime version of “Jojo's Bizarre Adventure,” you can check it out on Hulu, or comb through a fan-made wiki for more obscure pop culture references.
By Matteo Marcheschi
Many race team owners scout young drivers. Finding and grooming that diamond in the rough can make or break a race team, depending, of course, on the young driver's success. Gene Haas and Tony Stewart found that diamond in Cole Custer. Custer certainly didn't attain success instantly, though.
Custer has raced for nearly his whole life, starting at age four, when he began racing quarter midgets. While he'd raced as a hobby for much of his youth, it wasn't until the beginning of his teenage years that he decided he wanted to pursue it as a career. “I think back then was really a time when I wanted to get into it… around 12 or 13 was when I really started to get into it and I really thought that I could actually… make a career out of it,” Custer told Racegear.com. This was around the time he won the 2011 USAC National Focus Young Guns Championship, putting him on the map for the first time.
In 2012, Custer moved on to racing late models. He won ten races and became the Rookie of the Year in the series that season. Custer leveraged that success in order to move up to NASCAR in 2013. Custer raced the full K&N Pro Series East season for Ken Schrader Racing. He became the youngest K&N Pro Series winner in a combined event at Iowa Speedway, leading every lap after starting from the pole.
The next year, though, was truly a magical one for Custer: He joined Haas Racing Development, Gene Haas' driver development program. That season, Custer ran nine Truck Series races for Haas, scoring two poles, a win, and six top-10 finishes. The next year, Custer ran 10 Truck Series races, this time for JR Motorsports. He remained in the Haas Racing Development system, though. Again, he had success, winning a race, a pole, and scoring four top-10 finishes.
Custer then ran the full 2016 campaign in the Truck Series for JR Motorsports. He wasn't able to reach victory lane and missed the playoffs, but won two poles and scored five top-five finishes and 14 top-10 finishes. Custer finished a respectable tenth in the points, with an average finish of 11.5.
This year, Custer continues his climb up the NASCAR ladder. He competes full-time for Stewart-Haas Racing's brand-new XFINITY Series program.
Every young fan and driver in the racing world has his idols, and, while many look up to drivers like Tony Stewart, Jimmie Johnson, or Jeff Gordon, Custer looks towards the roots of racing. “I always liked watching Jason Leffler and Johnny Sauter,” he said. “I thought those two guys were always the kind of guys I rooted for and I just like their aggressive driving styles and how they acted off the track, also.” Custer was able to race with Johnny Sauter in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, and had to beat him to collect his pair of victories in the series.
Drivers like Sauter, veterans of the sport, helped Custer and, undoubtedly, many other young drivers in their pursuit of one day competing at the highest level of the sport. “All the veteran guys, they really teach you a lot,” Custer said. “Guys like Johnny Sauter, Timothy Peters, and Matt Crafton, Kevin Harvick, Kyle Busch. All those guys just teach you a ton when you're driving with them just because they're so experienced…” Custer has competed against Sauter, Peters, and Crafton in the Truck series and Harvick and Busch in the XFINITY series.
Custer, though, doesn't only have experience on the track with him, he also has one seriously experienced owner. While this allows Custer to feed off that experience, it comes with a certain amount of pressure. “You're always just trying to live up to the expectation,” Custer said. “You're with a really great team, and a team that's proven to win, and you want to try and accomplish that.”
When comparing the atmosphere at JR Motorsports and Stewart-Haas Racing, Custer said they're similar. “Both teams work really hard, they're both down to earth… I think both teams are great and they have a lot of speed and I think they're similar in being down to earth…”
When Custer joined Stewart-Haas Racing, he joined not only Tony Stewart, but also the four current Cup series drivers for the organization. He mentioned that California was the track where he leaned on SHR Cup drivers the most. “I had never been there before this year, and there are a lot of lanes, a lot of stuff going on at that track, so I had to talk a lot with some people to try and get a hold of that. I try and talk to Kevin Harvick every single week just to try and get an idea of the tracks coming up.”
In fact, Custer said Harvick has been his mentor as he's worked his way up the NASCAR ladder. “I try and get a lot of advice from him, trying to get an idea of what he thinks of the different tracks and he definitely helped me a lot just as a driver… this year.”
Custer's future is bright, but how soon will he make his way up to the Cup series? “It's hard to say,” Custer explained. “I mean, you're always just focusing on what you're doing at the moment. We're just trying to win XFINITY races, but right now there are no plans to go to Cup… but I think we haven't really put too much thought into it.”
Custer echoed the sentiment of many young drivers in his desire to compete on Sundays. “We all want to be in the Cup series, that where you hope to be, but right now, you always have to be focusing on what you're doing the next weekend, the next track coming up, so we're just focused on winning some races.”
Right now, though Custer races in the NASCAR XFINITY series, and has experienced success so far this season. While he hasn't found victory lane yet, he does have two top-five finishes and seven top-10s in 17 races so far this season.
You can watch Custer and the rest of the XFINITY series on track next on Saturday, July 22 at 3:30 PM eastern time on NBCSN. They will be racing in the Lilly Diabetes 250 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Victor Emmanuel Chapman (April 17, 1890 – June 24, 1916) was a French-American pilot remembered for his exploits during World War I. He was the first American pilot to die in the war.
Growing up [ edit ]
Chapman was born in New York City to essayist John Jay Chapman and Minna Timmins (who died in 1898). He and his father moved to France soon after. In France, Chapman obtained dual-citizen status as a French and US citizen.[1]
His father remarried, to Elizabeth Chanler, a sister of William A. Chanler from the Astor family, when Chapman was a teenager. Chapman returned to the United States in his late teens to attend Fay School (Class of 1903), St Paul's School, Concord, NH, and Harvard University. After graduating, Chapman returned to Europe, spending time in France and in Germany.
Fighting in the war [ edit ]
Chapman is in the center in the back row.
When World War I broke out, his father and stepmother moved to London, England. However, Chapman decided to stay in France, joining the French Foreign Legion on August 30, 1914, and served in the 3rd March regiment of the Legion. He became friendly with four men during his days on the trenches: a Polish fighter who was known only as "Kohl", and Americans Alan Seeger, Henry Fansworth, and David King. The trio of Americans watched as Kohl was killed by a bullet while walking with his friends. He was also friends with Edmond Genet.[2] :83
After Kohl's death, Chapman and two other friends, (Norman Prince and Elliot Cowdin), were given an opportunity to fly in a fighter airplane. Chapman requested a transfer to the Aéronautique Militaire, the army's air arm. He attended flight school and was certified as a pilot.
Chapman flew many missions for the 1st Aviation Group and was promoted to sergeant. He was chosen as one of the founding members of N.124, the Escadrille Americaine, also known as the Lafayette Escadrille. On June 17, 1916, he was flying over the Verdun sector when he was attacked by four German airplanes. During the engagement, Chapman suffered a head wound, most likely from an attack by then four-victory German flier Walter Höhndorf.[3] Chapman landed his airplane safely, with Höhndorf getting his fifth victory as a result. While recovering Chapman found out that his friend, Clyde Balsley had been wounded in a separate incident. Prior to his last flight Chapman loaded oranges onto his aircraft, intending to take these to Balsley who was in the hospital recuperating from his wounds.[4][5] Chapman was attacked north of Douaumont by German flying ace Leutnant Kurt Wintgens, a close friend of Höhndorf. With Wintgens flying a Halberstadt D.II that day against Chapman's Nieuport 11, Wintgens soon gained the upper hand.
A memorial service was held on the 4th of July for Chapman. The service, which was held at the American Church in Paris, included many of the American ambassador to France, American residents of Paris and any American soldiers in France that could make it. [2] :188
Awards and medals [ edit ]
Chapman earned many medals and commendations during his military career. Chapman was interested in the arts and in writing. He often found inspiration to write while he was in the middle of battles, and many of the letters he sent to his father were written in these circumstances. A book of these letters, called Letters from France, was published after his death. In his memory, the composer Charles Martin Loeffler, a friend of Chapman's father, composed his quartet Music for Four Stringed Instruments.[6] He was buried at the Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery and Memorial in France[7] and a cenotaph in his honor was erected in St. Matthew's Episcopal Churchyard, Bedford, New York.[8]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Chapman, Victor Emmanuel; Chapman, John Jay (1917). Victor Chapman's letters from France, with memoir. New York: The Macmillan Company.
References [ edit ]
Young men in Ireland are at an increasing risk of suicide, according to new research.
The National Suicide Research Foundation, an independent organisation which aims to prevent suicide and self-harm, have published new figures showing the rise in rates of suicide amongst men between the ages of 25-34 in their annual report.
Although the overall number of deaths by suicide has steadily fallen across Ireland over the past few years, the number of deaths in men in this age bracket has risen from 19.5 per 100,000 population in 2014 up to 24.2 last year.
The number of deaths by suicide in 2015 totalled 451, 375 of which were males and 76 females, meaning that men are almost five times more likely to take their own lives than women.
This figure, slightly down from the previous year's figure of 459, is now below that of 2007, when suicides were at their lowest ebb. The years immediately following saw a sharp increase in suicides, likely due to the 2008 financial crisis.
Between 2011 and 2013, there were small but steady decreases in the rate of self harm in Ireland (-4%, -2% and -6% respectively), and since 2004, the proportion of patients admitted to a general ward following instances of self-harm has declined by 45%.
Minister of State for Mental Health and Older People, Ms Helen McEntee, said that while the overall reduction in rates of suicide was good news, she was ”particularly concerned about the high rates of suicide and serious self-harm incidents in young people”.
The National Office for Suicide Prevention received an increase of approx. 20% on their budget since last year, bringing their total budget to €11.87 million. This money is used to fund non-profit and community organisations around the country aiming to prevent self harm and suicide, as well as supporting the bereaved.
If you feel the need to talk, here are some numbers to call-
National Suicide Helpline (suicide prevention, self harm, bereavement) – 1800 247 247
Samaritans (support helpline) – 116 123
Aware (depression, anxiety) – 1800 80 48 48
The Court of Justice of the European Union has ruled that the draft agreement on the accession of the European Union to the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) is not compatible with EU law. The ruling deals a blow to efforts to make the Union accede to the ECHR as the Lisbon Treaty requires.
The ruling was announced yesterday (18 December) by the Luxembourg-based Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). Asked to comment, the Commission said it would first need to study its legal arguments.
All 28 members of the European Union (EU) are also members of the 47-nation Council of Europe (CoE) and as such are bound by the CoE's European Convention on Human Rights
The Lisbon Treaty committed the EU as a whole to signing up to the convention, alongside its 28 member states and 19 other European countries – including Russia, Turkey and Ukraine, for example – which are not members of the EU
Currently, individuals cannot challenge EU laws and practices at the European Court of Human Rights in the same way that they can challenge national laws and practices
However, individual EU member states can be – and have been – held accountable in Strasbourg for putting into practice decisions agreed at the EU level
The Lisbon Treaty also provided the EU with its own Charter of Fundamental Rights, overseen by the CJEU, which is now dealing with a growing number of cases relating to fundamental rights in EU countries
The EU's accession to the ECHR is expected to address these issues, creating a single, comprehensive and coherent legal framework for protecting human rights across the continent.
Following almost three years of technical discussions, a draft agreement was finalised by negotiators from the 47 Council of Europe countries and the EU Commission in April 2013.
In July 2013, the European Commission asked the CJEU for an opinion as to whether the draft agreement is compatible with the EU treaties.
Following a hearing in May 2014, this opinion was delivered yesterday.
The Court observes that first of all that, as a result of accession of the EU to the ECHR, the latter, like any other international agreement concluded by the EU, would be binding upon the institutions of the EU and on its member states, and would therefore form an integral part of EU law.
External control
In that case, the EU would be subject to external control to ensure the observance of the rights and freedoms provided for by the ECHR. The EU and its institutions would thus be subject to the control mechanisms provided for by the ECHR and, in particular, to the decisions and judgments of the European Court of Human Rights (‘the ECtHR', which is not a European Union institution).
The Court notes that it is admittedly inherent in the very concept of external control that, on the one hand, the interpretation of the ECHR provided by the ECtHR would be binding on the EU and all its institutions and that, on the other, the interpretation by the Court of Justice of a right recognised by the ECHR would not be binding on the ECtHR.
However, it states that that cannot be the case as regards the interpretation of EU law, including the Charter, provided by the Court itself.
Convention should be coordinated with Charter
The Court also points out in particular that, in so far as the ECHR gives the Contracting Parties the power to lay down higher standards of protection than those guaranteed by the ECHR, the ECHR should be coordinated with the Charter.
Where the rights recognised by the Charter correspond to those guaranteed by the ECHR, the power granted to Member States by the ECHR must be limited to that which is necessary to ensure that the level of protection provided for by the Charter and the primacy, unity and effectiveness of EU law are not compromised. The Court finds that there is no provision in the draft agreement to ensure such coordination.
Undermining autonomy of EU law
The Court also considers that the approach adopted in the draft agreement, which is to treat the EU as a State and to give it a role identical in every respect to that of any other Contracting Party, specifically disregards the intrinsic nature of the EU.
The ECHR would therefore require each member state to check that the other member states had observed fundamental rights, even though EU law imposes an obligation of mutual trust between those member states. In those circumstances, accession is liable to upset the underlying balance of the EU and undermine the autonomy of EU law. However, the agreement envisaged contains no provision to prevent such a development, the Court states.
Affecting the autonomy of the preliminary ruling procedure
The Court notes that Protocol No 16 to the ECHR, signed on 2 October 2013, permits the highest courts and tribunals of the member states to request the ECtHR to give advisory opinions on questions relating to the interpretation or application of the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the ECHR. Given that, in the event of accession, the ECHR would form an integral part of EU law, the mechanism established by that protocol could affect the autonomy and effectiveness of the preliminary ruling procedure provided for by the FEU Treaty, notably where rights guaranteed by the Charter correspond to rights secured by the ECHR, the judges ruled.
The delay of the accession of the EU to ECHR is seen as good news in London, where the Conservative Party of David Cameron is doing its utmost so that UK will be exempt from judgments of the ECtHR.
The Supreme Court's conservative majority didn't appear impressed Tuesday with plaintiffs' arguments that more than 1 million female Wal-Mart workers, past and present, should be able to accuse the retailer of discrimination in one class-action lawsuit, CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said.
Though a ruling isn't expected until late June, the justices' reactions during oral arguments might portend a defeat for six plaintiffs who want to band with employees from across the country and make their accusations in a single, massive trial, Toobin said.
"I thought it was a very good day in court for Wal-Mart, and I would not be at all surprised if the whole case were thrown out after listening to the justices today,” Toobin said on "CNN Newsroom."
The Supreme Court is deciding whether the original lawsuit, in which six female Wal-Mart workers allege systemic discrimination in which the retailer paid women less than men and gave women fewer promotions, can be given class-action status.
A decision to allow such a large suit, with nearly 1.6 million potential plaintiffs, would represent an enormous litigation risk for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Should Wal-Mart lose such a suit, it could face tens of billions of dollars in damages.
But the Supreme Court's conservative justices appeared skeptical of arguments for allowing a class action, Toobin said.
Both sides concede that Wal-Mart has official policies barring discrimination against women and listing diversity as an important value, Toobin said.
"What the plaintiffs' lawyers were saying (Tuesday) was that that policy was so vague that it gave local, individual store managers the opportunity to discriminate against women," Toobin said. "The more conservative justices on the court were saying, 'Well, if that's the case, how can you try them all together? Because each store had a different set of circumstances. How can you do a class action when the policy is a fair one, a good one, and it's only the individuals who were possibly discriminated against?'"
A decision to allow a class-action suit might lead Wal-Mart to try to settle the case to get the "enormous risk off its books," Toobin said.
"But after today, I think Wal-Mart will be a lot less willing to settle, because it looks like much or all of the case may be thrown out by what is an increasingly conservative Supreme Court," Toobin said.
- CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears and CNN's Randi Kaye contributed to this report.
The first major modification we had done to our Tesla– and one of the first reviews I did for Teslarati– was the installation of our Torklift EcoHitch. It was a huge opportunity to get functionality we wanted but I was very nervous about the installation process and, three years later, I've discovered my concerns were justified.
Our Tesla made it over three years without a blemish, but this summer an inattentive minivan driver somehow missed the 3 foot long brake light and rammed our rear bumper. Fortunately, no one was hurt and we were somewhat heartened to see that the damage appeared to be superficial and the car was still usable.
Body by Cochran, our local Tesla-approved body shop, had been working on my car for only a day or so when I got some bad news. I noticed earlier in the summer that when I pulled the hitch cover out it was rusty and hard to remove. Since the experts at Cochran would be removing the bumper anyway, I asked them to poke around and let me know what the condition of the hitch was like. I had been recently working under my old Subaru and after eyeballing the Titanic-level rust on its hitch, the cogs in my brain were turning… wondering if the hitch on the Tesla would be better protected hidden behind all those underbody shrouds and the bumper itself.
The pictures sent from Cochran were disturbing. At first the shock of all the rust was concern enough, but I couldn't figure out why the finish on the hitch was so badly disintegrated. It was only three years old, installed with maniacal attention to detail and all the instructions were followed to the letter and then some. Yet there was no refuting the pictures and the Cochran techs agreed that the failure of the finish was troubling.
I could understand the rust on my old Subaru's hitch. Like most ICE vehicles, it's slung under the rear bumper and it's completely exposed to the elements churned up by the winter roads. Not a single bit of it is protected. Debris and road grit impact the paint, the paint is compromised and slowly but surely, rust takes hold and soon coats the entire assembly. But on the Tesla, the Torklift Ecohitch is completely encased by the bumper and I even had the optional cover on to seal it the rest of the way. Nothing EVER touches the hitch as it is completely protected by various aero shields and the bumper itself.
Even more troubling, the experts at Body by Cochran expressed that they were concerned about what was going on behind the hitch and implored me to have it completely removed and inspected. The surface rust was only part of the problem. As one of the few Tesla-authorized body shops in the region, Cochran's staff has been educated in the unique problems with restoring crunched Teslas, namely: galvanic corrosion. I didn't hesitate. Take it all off, baby!
You don't have to be a metallurgy expert to understand the potential insidiousness of galvanic corrosion. Essentially, two dissimilar metals will have different electrode potentials. These potentials result in one of the metals corroding the other, much like rust, but it can happen without any other outside elements. As the ions migrate from one metal to the other, the corrosion can be aggressive and catastrophic. It's the basic principle behind the anode rods in your hot water heater, except on the Tesla nothing is sacrificial and certainly not the aluminum structure of the car itself!
Keeping steel and aluminum separate is– no exaggeration– a full-time job. When I picked up the car, the Cochran staff walked me through their shop and explained to me how they have separate work areas and tools for aluminum parts. There are even large curtains to cordon off areas of the shop because even sanded metal grit can get airborne and into the structures and cause problems later. It's an obsessive nightmare trying to work around all the weird metallurgy, but just another day at the office for these guys.
When the steel Torklift Ecohitch was first installed, it was separated from the aluminum structure of the Tesla by its coating. As the coating failed, the steel began to make a direct contact to the aluminum and it was eating away at the frame of the Tesla. The brownish-red rust of steel is then complimented by the white-grey ash of the galvanic corrosion. Warning! These pictures are a little disturbing (at least to me):
This was all done independent of the rust on the rest of the hitch and in a place completely obscured without removing the entire rear bumper, the rear crash bar and uninstalling the hitch.
For the past three years, we'd been garaging our car and pampering it with hand washes… but underneath a silent killer was consuming the rear bumper structure behind the hitch, and were it not for this accident repair we would never have known until… Well, I'm not even sure of all the ways it could have manifested.
Having seen the pictures, I was almost a little grateful that the car was hit. Now the condition was known and caught soon enough to be stopped. Even better, it wasn't just me blindly trying to figure it out in my garage, but I was in the hands of Tesla-reconstruction experts. They knew all the procedures and had all the right tools and expertise to restore the car and preserve our ability to use the hitch for our bike rack and protect the car from further damage. The Tesla's ability to haul a family's worth of bikes, without heavy lifting, was something I didn't want to lose.
As luck would have it, we realized the seriousness of the hitch about the same time Cochran discovered Tesla had sent the wrong wiring harness for my new rear bumper. There was a production change made at some point that moved the parking sensors very slightly farther around the bumper. If you didn't know it was different, I bet you'd never spot the difference– we sure didn't! Anyway, Tesla had made the change but still managed to send the wrong harness and it couldn't be adapted. While Serena waited, the Cochran team re-engineered the Torklift Ecohitch installation process.
They scraped down and cleaned up the entirety of the hitch, including every single bolt. All the parts were given a new durable coat of underbody paint.
The inside of the hitch bar was open and, unsure of how deep paint would penetrate, Cochran even sprayed a generous coating of body-sealing wax to keep it from rusting inside too.
The rear of the Tesla was also cleaned up. The rear panel was restored and the entire back side of the frame was repainted as well.
Hardware that was too far gone was replaced with new pieces and they created insulators to keep the hitch from ever touching the body again.
Insulating the bolts wasn't enough, they also had to isolate the hitch mounting panels. They used a toolbox-lining type material to fabricate large pads to sandwich between the hitch and the rear of the Tesla. In the event the new paint ever wore off, there would still be a physical barrier between the two types of metal.
The good folks at Cochran even resprayed the backside of the steel Tesla bumper crash bar and the hitch's cover, which had first tipped me off that something was going on in the dark insides of my bumper.
I did reach out to Torklift to see if there was any response or interest in this issue. Cochran had graciously waived most of the charges because my car was already apart for the collision repair, but it seemed reasonable to see if Torklift was willing to help out with what was left. They eventually responded it was their opinion that, essentially, “these things happen.” I was given a one-time offer to remove my hitch, ship it to Washington state (where Torklift is based) and they would repaint it and send it back for me to reinstall, with return shipping at my expense as well.
The initial response from Torklift was disappointing. The market rate to uninstall and reinstall the hitch would be about $300-400 each. The transit/repainting time would mean that, in addition to the $600-800 expense to mess with the hitch, I'd have to schedule two separate trips to a shop to have that work done. Add in the unknown costs to pack and ship a 40-pound chunk of steel across the country, TWICE. And for what? Based on the information I had, it seemed to be a promise of re-coating the hitch in the same finish that had failed and caused all this galvanic corrosion in the first place. Hardly a solution. They offered no alternative mounting instructions or showed any interest in further isolating their steel hitch from the aluminum structure of the Tesla, though it is possible that they did not understand the nature of the corrosion at that time.
So let this be a warning to any Tesla owner who has installed the Torklift Ecohitch. Your experience may vary, but there's at least some chance that it is quietly eating your Tesla alive in the dark forgotten recesses of your car… completely out of your ability to casually inspect it.
If you're contemplating a Torklift for your S, you'd be wise to work above and beyond the installation instructions and find a solution with your installer that will keep the hitch isolated from the structure of the car long-term. While it remains the best option for adding a hitch to a Model S (which is why I chose to rehab mine rather than be without it), make sure you understand the implications of “just following the instructions.” Buyer beware.
UPDATE: After this review was posted, Torklift investigated the problems described and is changing their product as a result. You can find their full response in the comments below.
A few months ago, we had the privilege of speaking with the CEO of Stainless Games, Patrick Buckland. Stainless developed every Duels game, but Patrick encouraged us to speak to Wizards for both sides of the series' storied design.
Last week, we had the joy of posing some of our biggest Duels and MTG questions to Ken Troop. Ken is Digital Games Manager and an R&D Designer at Wizards of the Coast, so he was the perfect person to shed some light on the process of translating paper Magic to the popular Duels format.
Interview with Ken Troop, Digital Games Manager
T3: Ken, thank you for this opportunity. Please describe the Duels design team. How many people are involved (on the Wizards side), how do they interact with other departments (if applicable), and how did they get involved with Duels?
KT: Duels' design is a number of different design groups. There is a feature design team who outlines the feature sets we want in Duels and what we want that player experience to be. There are deck-list teams who function very similarly to our “paper” design and development teams. They decide, given the goals of that year's Duels, what the decks and encounters should be. They are also responsible for play-testing those decks for fun and balance.
We have an internal art director and visual UI designer who influence the user experience a great deal, and we also all have partners at Stainless who add their own creative energy to the project. Duels R&D tends to take point when it comes to cards and the high-level feature design, and Stainless tends to take point on everything else, which is a huge amount. It really takes a staggering amount of time and resources to make Duels.
One interesting thing to note is that Duels R&D operates the same as Magic R&D (which it is a part of) in that there aren't dedicated Duels designers. All of us work on other digital and paper products and every year we have fresh faces on our Duels design teams, many of them coming from our “paper” side. We also have a few consistent faces in order to keep continuity of vision and experience.
T3: Most duels decks tend to be aggro and creature oriented, with fewer control and combo decks available. Is this distribution intended to help newer players, to keep games moving along, or to limit “unfun” situations?
KT: We look at Duels as an essential expression of Magic's identity, especially for the new Magic players, and so it should be no surprise that our Duels deck design philosophy is derived from the philosophy we've been advocating on Daily MTG for the last few years, which is that creature combat is at the heart of fun Magic.
That said, we think about it more as “let's create fun and resonant decks.” Talrand isn't a creature deck. Jace isn't a creature deck. Chandra, as with some others, can go some different ways. Ajani, Yeva, Nefarox…each of these have unique takes on creatures and different paths to winning. Many decks can go more control-oriented if desired. Ultimately, we wanted to make sure each deck in Duels 2013 can have different expressions, depending on play style preference.
Finally, while we recognize sometimes it's fun to do quirky things via Panoptic Mirror, we also recognize that it's really not fun to be on the other side of, say, Panoptic Mirror and Time Warp. So we try for a variety of decks, identities, and play styles.
T3: Assuming Duels continues as a series, what are some long term design goals you'd like to meet (give players more variety of decks, show off more advanced card interaction, move matches along at a faster/slower pace, etc.)?
KT: We are always striving to create the best experiences for our fans, which involves listening to their feedback on the existing products and what kind of things they'd like to see in the future. As a designer, I look forward to listening to that feedback first.
T3: Duels does a great job of showing off cycles, like the Titans and Elemental Incarnations. However, Frost Titan and Guile have been conspicuously absent in all games – is there a reason they weren't invited to the party?
KT: We're often not focused on showing cycles in Duels. Much of the time players see three or four cards from a cycle in Duels, it's because those cards fit the needs of what we're trying to do in that deck. Also, the titans and elemental cycles are cool and powerful and color-iconic cards, which often make them good candidates for Duels, but we're not thinking, “Oh, we happen to have 4/5 of a cycle, we need to find some way of getting in that fifth.”
Other times, if we don't implement a card, it's because of either technology limitations or time limitations. Frost Titan, for example, would have been exceedingly difficult to implement correctly in the time we had. Given the hundreds of cards we've done for Duels, we have had to limit the number of cards that would have resulted in a lot of extra time/work.
T3: How has Duels performed commercially, both in terms of digital game sales, and in terms of game-to-paper Magic conversions (if you can measure that)?
KT: I can't comment on specific sales or conversion rates, but I will say that all one needs to do is look at the increasing frequency of release, the increasing platforms, and increasing quality of each Duels experience to get a sense of our confidence and excitement in the Duels franchise and its performance.
As for conversions, Magic is enjoying some of the best years of its existence. There are a number of contributing factors to Magic's continuing increase in popularity, but Duels is certainly a major one.
T3: What are the balance goals when creating a Duels deck? Are there unspoken rules (like no turn 3 kills, no infinite mana, etc.) or other guidelines used to judge a deck's power?
KT: Our first goal with any Duels deck is to make sure it's fun and that it has a strong identity. Once that's in order we spend time balancing the decks. The primary purpose for Duels is to provide fun single-player experiences. That said, we recognize that some people really enjoy Duels for PvP, and we do some amount of competitive play-testing. Ultimately, though, we find that players who enjoy the competitive aspect in Duels eventually move on to competitive formats in Standard in Organized Play and Magic Online, which is where R&D spends the most time and resources testing.
As for Duels-specific balancing, one of the easiest things to forget is how powerful synergy is in Duels compared to Standard. Because the card pool is much smaller and has many limitations than Standard, overall card quality can sometimes matter less than your cards naturally working well together, like Krenko's goblin deck. Also, we have to be sensitive to speed in this format, as decks that naturally play strong and many early cards, like Odric and Krenko, have significant advantages.
T3: Duels 2013 included many long-requested features, such as manual mana tapping, a true end step, and additional card unlocks. What changes in direction, thinking, or technology prompted these updates?
KT: While many players who enjoy Duels also enjoy paper Magic and Magic Online, we recognize that there are many players who use Duels as their primary Magic outlet, so we want to make sure that they feel Duels is getting better every year. Also, we learn more each year about what makes for a better Duels experience for our players, and we work hard to incorporate that feedback into the next version.
Historically, we were leery of Manual land-tapping and the end-step because we worried it would distract or confuse the newer player in our attempt to satisfy the more experienced player. Stainless really stepped up, though, and delivered implementations that we're mostly invisible to new players and yet great for the audience that wanted this kind of extra detail.
T3: In every iteration of Duels, in-game code has led to leaks, including decklist leaks and, more recently, promo code leaks. Has this affected the way game content is planned and implemented? Do you view these leaks as negative spoilers, or as fortuitous generators of hype?
KT: There's a lot of work that goes into how we're going to reveal content early to our players, so it's disappointing when content is revealed outside of that plan.
We always have to be aware of the possibility of unplanned leaks, which has certainly been a factor we've considered in our content decisions…but it's only one amongst many such factors.
T3: From a personal standpoint, what are your most and least favorite decks from Duels, and why?
KT: Prior to D13, my favorite deck was Kiora's blue/green ramp deck. So much fun, with early fun ramp cards like Explore and Coiling Oracle leading to Eldrazi and other fun finishers. In D13, I literally love all the decks. We spent a lot of time trying to get each deck doing fun and unique stuff, which I think really shows through. I've naturally unlocked all 30 cards in all 10 decks, (and am halfway through doing the same for the expansion) which is a testament to how enjoyable the product is.
If I had to rank the 10 decks for personal favorites, I'd probably go – Yeva, Jace, Talrand, Ajani. Then I'd say – Garruk, Odric, Liliana, Nefarox, Krenko, Chandra.
T3: One of the most frequent requests from Duels is open deck building. We understand that this feature would generally destroy the primary game's balance, but would you consider the possibility of a separate, custom-deck only play mode in a future release?
KT: I can't speak to any plans we have for future Duels releases, but we're certainly always looking at new and fresh features we can potentially include.
T3: What are some of the designers' favorite real-life decks?
KT: I don't play a lot of constructed in paper or Magic Online, vastly preferring draft and sealed. When I do play constructed, I lean towards a Boros-style deck.
T3: After Archenemy and Planechase, Commander seems like a natural inclusion for the next Duels game. While we don't expect you to confirm that (though you're certainly welcome to), what would be the design challenges associated with Commander's inclusion in a future Duels game?
KT: We've discussed Commander in the past and decided against it, despite it being a great game experience. It's just such a new-player unfriendly experience – the 100 card decks, the singleton rule, the general power level and complexity of the typical cards in the format – all of that makes for a potentially bewildering experience for new players.
T3: What are some notable cards that were cut from Duels during the design process, and why?
KT: I tend not to remember the cards we cut, because generally we get the cards we really want and are cutting cards that are more incidental to the deck's design.
T3: To the casual observer, it seems that Duels DLC decks could “easily” be pumped out at a much more frequent rate. What determines the release schedule of DLC?
KT: I appreciate that it can seem “easy” to the outside world, but there's a lot of work that goes into each deck, and testing it for fun and balance. Also, at any given point in the year, we're reviewing and analyzing the game that's live, we're hard at work on the game about to be released, and we're planning for the game that's 1-2 years out. And, even if we could pump out tons more decks, those cards have to be coded, their interactions tested. Finally, we want to make sure that each deck we do in Duels has a strong, unique, and fun identity, which means we run the risk of making DLC that's bad, and that is not an option. So we're on the DLC schedule we are for good reasons.
All that said, we're always exploring new ways to get content out to our players, so perhaps there could be changes in the future. :)
T3: What makes a good Duels deck? Are there certain themes, mechanics, or interactions that you strive to demonstrate to players?
KT: Each year we've highlighted a few key concepts. First, the core set in general. Duels 2013 was designed to be more closely integrated with the Magic 2013 Core Set. Second, we always want to include the Core Set Planeswalkers, and as that lineup has changed slightly from year to year, so has the Duels Planeswalker lineup. Finally, we have highlighted recent sets moreso than older sets, just to make things as comfortable as possible for new players when they seek to explore other forms of Magic.
Thanks & closing
Ken's answers were more thorough and thought-provoking than we could have ever hoped for.
On behalf of Top Tier Tactics and the Duels of the Planeswalkers communities, I'd like to thank Ken Troop and his team for their work on this series and his time today. ~WiNGSPANTT
Looking for more Duels of the Planeswalkers articles? Check out our full list of deck guides, card lists, and interviews to learn more about this strategy gaming series.
Bendingmomentdiagram.com is a free online calculator that generates Bending Moment Diagrams (BMD) and Shear Force Diagrams (SFD) for most simple beams. The calculator is fully customisable to suit most beams; which is a feature unavailable on most other calculators. The software is powered by SkyCiv - offering powerful structural analysis and design software on the cloud. The tool is fully functional, so visit our Free Beam Software to get started! It will work for all simply supported, determinant beams and is capable of taking point loads, concentrated moments and distributed loads. It is also extremely adjustable and customizable to allow you to generate your own beams. It is an extremely accurate tool, and unlike current calculators, very user-friendly. It is an extremely useful tool for university, college and high school students who tediously have to redraw BMDs and SFDs for assignments and practice/tutorial questions. We also have a Tutorial page that will help university students with calculations expected in their engineering degree as well as high school students. These students can learn how to calculate and generate Shear Force and Bending Moment Diagrams and we understand the process of beam analysis can sometimes be difficult, so we have provided a simple step-by-step guide of how to calculate bending moment and shear force diagrams. Included are simple bending moment equations and formulas which well help with your calculations. There are also examples and random beam generators which will allow you to experiment on how different loads affect beam analysis and the shear force and bending moment of a beam. Bending Moment Diagram is powered by the team at SkyCiv Engineering - who offer Student and Professional packages that give users access to a variety of Structural Engineering Software to get the job done. All accounts are subscription based, so you can pay for the software month-to-month as you need it! No more installation, downloading or licence woes!
Photo credit: WXIO
In today's segment of “what in the hell is wrong with this world”, a Federal Appeals Court has refused a request from Youngstown State University to prevent one of it's players from participating in a college game today.
A federal appeals court last night refused to toss out a ruling by a United States District Court Judge which said that the player can continue to play on the team, while he awaits sentencing for a rape conviction.
According to Youngstown State University, they had asked the appeals court to toss out a Thursday night decision by U.S. District Judge Benita Pearson which temporarily allows a convicted criminal student to play football for Youngstown State University for the next 14 days including in the televised 2 PM game today.
Judge Pearson has scheduled an additional hearing on September 28th to decide whether or not the ruling will be permanent.
21 year old Ma'lik Richmond will be Allowed to participate for Youngstown State University in a game against Central Connecticut State University, despite being <i>convicted of rape</i>.
Ma'lik Richmond, of Steubenville, Ohio filed a lawsuit against Youngstown State this week after the school originally allowed him to join the football team as a walk-on and then told him he couldn't play this season.
Richmond is now seeking both a full reinstatement to the team's active roster along with Attorney costs and a currently unspecified amount of damages, seriously, after he's been convicted of a past rape offense.
<div style="width:100%;text-align:center;margin:0 auto;"><iframe width="360" height="202" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6kr4fhV7sto" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
Richmond served 10 months in a juvenile prison after he and another Steubenville High School teammate were convicted back in 2013 of raping a 16 year old girl during a highschool party.
The case brought international attention and led to several allegations of a cover up to protect Steubenville's historic football team.
Later he was released in January of 2014, where he then attended colleges in both West Virginia and Pennsylvania before transferring to Youngstown State in the fall of 2016 as a sophomore.
<div style="width:100%;text-align:center;margin:0 auto;"><iframe width="360" height="202" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yL-8zJQHZyg" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
The lawsuit states that Richmond and his legal guardians had spoken with officials from Youngstown State University including President Jim Tressel and football Coach Bo Pelini about him joining the team, and both were supportive at the time.
After Coach Pelini made a decision to allow Richmond to play, female students at the University began a petition campaign to prevent the convicted rapist from playing on the team.
This prompted Youngstown State University to issue a statement in the form of an email mailed to every student saying “the school takes sexual assault very seriously, and that Richmond would be allowed to continue practicing with the team but would lose a year of eligibility.”
After the email circulated Richmond quit the team and filed the lawsuit.
Source:
http://fox8.com/2017/09/16/youngstown-state-university-football-player-convicted-of-rape-to-play-today/
—<i>[email protected]</i>
<i>On Twitter:</i>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou">@IWillRedPillYou</a>
Tips? Info? Send me a message!
This week, Business Planet has been to the Czech capital to find out more about the European Ecolabel system.
How does it work and how can businesses benefit from the system?
Business Planet's Serge Rombi and the team flew to Prague to see for themselves the Eurolabel scheme in operation.
What is the European Ecolabel system and how does it work?
“The EU Ecolabel is a voluntary scheme which is recognised throughout Europe,” says Pavel Hruby, who manages the system in the Czech Republic. “It helps people to identify products and services which have a reduced environmental impact.”
“Surveys show that almost 80% of travellers around the world think that accommodation providers should adopt eco-friendly practices.”
A selling point for clients
Ecolabels have proved to be a great way to attract new business, particularly in the tourism sector.
Six million people visit Prague each year.
Euronews has been to the city's Hotel Adria to see how they have made the system work to their own advantage.
Hotel Adria, Prague
89 rooms
Ecolabel-certified since 2008
Run by General Manager Karel Doubek for 25 years
Karel Doubek is the Hotel Adria's legendary general manager. He has brought in a raft of changes in order to qualify for Ecolabel status.
Prague's Adria hotel is chic, sustainable & cool (we're not just talking about the cave.) https://t.co/TQwXIzXTwNpic.twitter.com/ddKGIrpZtQ — Visit Czech Republic (@CzechTourism) December 11, 2015
“The heat generated by the chill cabinets we have in the wine cellar, in the kitchen and around the hotel is used to heat the water used by guests in their rooms,” he told Euronews.
Associated benefits for the Hotel Adria include:
Carbon dioxide emissions reduced by thousands of tonnes
Induction hobs installed in kitchens
Electricity bills reduced by 40% thanks to LED lights
lights Water bills cut by a third after waste-prevention system installed
Products in bathroom dispensers 100% natural
Karel's commitment is also ethical and community-orientated. He works hand-in-hand with local businesses and associations to source the products he needs and also to organise trips for the hotel's guests. It's an idea with wide appeal:
“More and more guests are telling us how important it is for them to respect the environment. It is mainly clients from the Nordic countries, Great Britain and other eastern European countries,”Karel says.
The Ecolabel system in 3
Set up almost 25 years ago by the European Commission
Almost 45,000 products and services
France, Italy and Germany have the most licences awarded
Find out more
The Ecolabel website
Business Planet webpage
Here are the most-attended spring games in college football so far.
Spring football season has wrapped up, mostly. There are a couple more spring games to be played next weekend, but the majority of the country's top programs have already had their games.
Here are the most-attended spring games in the country, so far.
1. Ohio State – 80,134
2. Nebraska – 78,312
3. Alabama – 74,326
Thanks to all the fans who came out for Golden Flake A-Day! #ADay2017 pic.twitter.com/lK9EDPLLqw — Alabama Athletics (@UA_Athletics) April 22, 2017
4. Penn State – 71,000
Shoutout to the estimated 71,000 fans here in Beaver Stadium supporting the Nittany Lions on #PSUBlueWhite! pic.twitter.com/5AoJzLDwOn — Penn State Football (@PennStateFball) April 22, 2017
5. Georgia – 66,183
6. Clemson – 60,000
"I can't wait to see that 2016 National Championship banner hanging up there for the rest of our lives…"#ALLIN ?? #Clemson pic.twitter.com/GUBYAFyfAC — Clemson Football (@ClemsonFB) April 12, 2017
7. Michigan: 57,418
8. Florida: 48,000
There's a quiet confidence in @CoachMcElwain when discussing his team. If you're a @GatorsFB fan you should be excited about 2017. #Gators pic.twitter.com/pEyl5x7nBl — Chris Doering (@ChrisDoering) April 8, 2017
9. Auburn – 46,331
"Spend some time with your families, make great decisions. We are in a great spot at the end of this Spring." – Gus Malzahn #Auburn pic.twitter.com/iqgCZhlXdg — Maria Martin (@Ria_Martin) April 8, 2017
10. Oklahoma – 43,723
Under @OU_CoachStoops, no player with the #Sooners for three years or more has left without at least one of these ?. #ChampU?
#OUDNA pic.twitter.com/MJmNytTVsw — Oklahoma Football (@OU_Football) April 9, 2017
The 2017 season starts in about four months. Get excited.
The Facebook election battle is in full swing, the Bureau can reveal, with at least 68 different types of political adverts tailored to individual social media users being paid for by the three main parties in the last month.
The Bureau has been given access to the first dataset ever collected that shows how UK voters are being targeted with specific messages in an attempt to influence their vote.
The shadowy world of online political advertising has until now gone largely unmonitored, despite the huge power and reach of Facebook and despite social media messaging being thought to have contributed to the Donald Trump and the Vote Leave victories.
A new project called Who Targets Me is attempting to address this, by recruiting social media users to share information on what adverts they are seeing. The Bureau's new data journalism team the Bureau Local will analyse the data collected in an attempt to shed light on an opaque and rapidly growing industry.
CORAL GABLES, FL—In an attempt to tell the story of his failed candidacy in his own words, former Florida governor Jeb Bush has rented out a local black box theater and debuted a one-man show that chronicles the tragedy of his 2016 presidential campaign, sources reported Thursday.
According to those in attendance opening night, the two-act solo piece, entitled Jeb? (Or: The Rise And Fall Of An Honest, Consensus-Building Conservative), traces the 64-year-old's path from well-heeled Republican frontrunner to presidential also-ran in a 150-minute performance that features monologues, character vignettes, musical interludes, and a 10-minute interpretive dance sequence in which Bush starts out as an egg and then goes on to reenact his childhood.
Advertisement
Clad in a black T-shirt and black jeans, the onetime White House hopeful reportedly moves barefoot across the stage, which, apart from a single lectern, is completely empty.
“Why, you might not think it to look at me now, but there was a time when people expected big things from me—though I don't suppose you'd want to hear about that, would you?” Bush wonders aloud during an early scene, speaking as an elderly version of himself and hobbling downstage with a cane in his hand. “Well, believe it or not, I once stood before a crowd of cheering people who were awfully excited to hear me say, ‘I'm a candidate for president of the United States of America.'”
“Here I am now—it's June 2015, I'm in Miami, and I've just announced my campaign,” continues Bush, mimicking the roar of the crowd as he mimes shaking supporters' hands and kissing babies. “Yessir, I had the whole world on a string: I'd come up with a strong message about jobs and immigration, and folks had given my Super PAC more than a hundred million bucks. My friends and I thought the future was just waiting for us to reach out and grab it. My God, we were so naïve! Standing before all those bright lights and flashing cameras, I had gone blind.”
Advertisement
Theater patrons confirmed that the show, which runs three nights a week through Dec. 20 at the Gables Playhouse Upstairs Stage, includes a monologue in which candidate Bush, puffing out his chest, speaks confidently about how he will undo President Barack Obama's policies. Soon, however, the stage lights begin rapidly flickering on and off, his words grow more and more confused, and he wanders out into the aisles of the theater mumbling incoherent syllables into the ears of audience members.
Another memorable scene reportedly finds Bush reenacting the third Republican presidential debate: slouching forward and affecting the Jersey dialect of Chris Christie, then smirking and taking on a sharp nasal tone to impersonate Ted Cruz. Sources said Bush quickly jumps from one part of the stage to another, cycling faster and faster through the personas of all 10 GOP candidates until the scene, like the debate itself, devolves into chaos.
Attendees noted that Bush saves his most damning portrayal for Donald Trump, ending each of his chief antagonist's lines by whispering, “Lies, lies, lies.” As the Trump character berates him with insults, Bush slowly moves upstage, making himself smaller and smaller and eventually curling up into a fetal position.
Advertisement
“You've lost New Hampshire, you've lost Iowa, it all comes down to South Carolina,” Bush says in the play's final moments, repeatedly shouting “South Carolina, here we come!” at the top of his lungs as he drags the lectern upstage and stands behind it. “The people have voted. The returns are in. Fourth place. A crushing, humiliating defeat. It's all over. My journey has ended.”
“What a poison draught to swallow,” continues Bush, a spotlight slowly contracting until only his anguished face is visible as he falls to his knees and grasps frantically at his hair. “What a bitter pill. And why, why was I forsaken? What manner of country would bleed a man dry, suck the very marrow from his bones, then cast him aside like so many broken playthings? O, perfidy! O, pride! I'm sorry, big brother! I'm sorry, Father! And I'm sorry, Mr. Reagan—to you most of all. I feel the rushing tide of history leaving me to drown in its wake. Yet here, so close to the end, I also find the veil has been lifted, and I can see beyond to catch a glimpse of this nation's future. Shall I tell you what I see? Oh, don't ask it! For the vision in my mind's eye is no shining city on a hill. No, I see only darkness. I see destruction. I see death. God bless America, and God help us all.”
Theater ushers confirmed a section of front-row seats that had been roped off and reserved for members of the Bush family remained empty throughout the performance.
Ben Higgins Was Once Involved in a Major Miami Drug Bust — Seriously (VIDEO)
We never thought we'd hear the words “Ben Higgins” and “drug bust” in the same sentence, but it's happening!
PHOTOS: Before They Were Famous! Bachelor 2016 Contestant Throwbacks
The Bachelor 2016 star is known for his controlled and calm demeanor, but as he revealed on a podcast this week, he was once thrust into a situation so crazy it sounds plucked from a movie!
Ben was asked on Channel 33's Bachelor Party podcast this week if he'd ever done TV before Bachelorette 2015, and to host Juliet Litman's surprise, he responded “not on purpose.”
The truth of the matter is, the 26-year-old hunk was once featured on a Court TV special called Beach Patrol: Miami Beach 12 years ago, when he and two friends were on spring break.
CLOSE A tractor-trailer crash blocked both lanes of traffic on U.S. 7 in Charlotte on Friday, Dec. 30, 2016. Photos by Glenn Russell, Burlington Free Press.
Buy Photo Route 7 in Charlotte was closed in both directions as crews worked to remove a south-bound car-hauler that went off the west side of the road before coming to rest across both lanes on Friday, December 30, 2016. (Photo: GLENN RUSSELL/FREE PRESS)Buy Photo
A tractor-trailer unit spilled a load of vehicles Friday morning, blocking both lanes of U.S. 7 in Charlotte, Vermont State Police said.
The incident occurred in the area of Wildwood Road, police wrote in a news release. The road was open again by 12:14 p.m.
There were no injuries, said State Police Cpl. Andrew Leise. At least two cars had come off the trailer and had been towed away as of late Friday morning.
The truck was headed southbound on U.S. 7 when it went off the west side of the road, where the shoulder is narrow, Cpl. Leise said.
The cause of the crash is under investigation, and the driver of the truck was being interviewed by state police and representatives of the Department of Motor Vehicles on Friday.
State police, the Vermont Department of Motor Vehicles and Charlotte Fire Department initially responded to the scene at about 9:53 a.m., according to the news release.
Buy Photo Route 7 in Charlotte was closed in both directions as crews worked to remove a south-bound car-hauler that went off the west side of the road before coming to rest across both lanes on Friday, December 30, 2016. (Photo: GLENN RUSSELL/FREE PRESS)
This article was first published online Dec. 30, 2016 and has been updated.
Staff Photographer Glenn Russell contributed reporting. Contact April McCullum at 802-660-1863 or amccullum@freepressmedia.com. Follow her on Twitter at @April_McCullum.
Do you have a breaking news tip? Call us at 802-660-6500 or send us a post on Facebook or Twitter using #BFPTips.
Read or Share this story: http://bfpne.ws/2iMk4DN
CLOSE Kanye West has been hospitalized after canceling the last 21 dates of his national tour, according to reports from several media outlets. (Nov. 22) AP
Kanye West has reportedly been hospitalized in Los Angeles after giving a series a bizarre speeches at his concerts and canceling his remaining tour dates. (Photo11: Scott Dudelson)
After abruptly canceling the rest of his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West has reportedly been hospitalized in Los Angeles.
According to People, NBC News and CNN, West was taken to UCLA Medical Center Monday to be treated for exhaustion.
Officer Mike Lopez from the Los Angeles Police Department told USA TODAY that the LAPD responded to a disturbance call at 1:20 p.m. PT Monday on North Laurel Avenue in West Hollywood. He said no crime had been committed.
LAFD spokesman Brian Humphrey said the fire department responded to "an unspecified medical aid request" in the 900 block of North Laurel Avenue. "An adult male, described as medically stable, was taken to an area hospital for further assessment," he said.
Neither department could identify the person involved, citing medical privacy laws.
The incident comes after West, 39, ignited a Twitter storm Thursday by saying he "would've voted for Donald Trump" at a concert in Inglewood, Calif.
More recently, West cut his Saturday concert in Sacramento short after several songs, but not before calling out Beyoncé and addressing Jay-Z: "Call me, brah, you still ain't call me. Jay-Z, I know you got killas, please don't send them at my head. Just call me. Talk to me like a man," he said. The latter show left fans so upset that Ticketmaster refunded their tickets.
The 21 remaining tour dates that West had scheduled through New Year's Eve were canceled early Monday.
Khloe Kardashian (left) and Kourtney Kardashian attend Angel Ball on Monday night in New York. (Photo11: Kena Betancur, AFP/Getty Images)
On Monday night, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner attended the Angel Ball in New York City to honor the late Robert Kardashian Sr. Jenner offered ET this explanation on the red carpet as to why West canceled his shows: "I think he's exhausted. Just really tired," she said. "It's a grueling tour."
Kim Kardashian, West's wife, wasn't in attendance. CNN reported that she arrived in New York Monday for the event, but flew back to L.A. to be with her husband.
Famous friends and fans tweeted messages in support of West:
PRAYING FOR KANYE. PRAYING HE HAS THE RIGHT ENERGY SURROUNDING HIM DURING THIS TIME. SENDING PEACE AND LOVE. 🙏🏿 — Janelle Monáe, Cindi (@JanelleMonae) November 22, 2016
@kanyewest we love u. you are everything u say you're. A genius, an icon. U added greatness to my life. But lifting Trump up kills us. Come home. — Talib Kweli Greene (@TalibKweli) November 20, 2016
Hey @kanyewest , get better man! People are making jokes right now, but having been there myself, I hope he gets the help he needs. — emile hirsch (@EmileHirsch) November 22, 2016
Been knowing the brother upwards of 13 years. Mental healing is a serious thing, no matter what. Stay strong Kanye West. ✊🏾 — 9th Wonder (@9thwonder) November 22, 2016
West's representatives have not immediately responded to USA TODAY's request for comment.
Contributing: Maria Puente
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2geX3dg
Now that Gorilla Grodd is lost in the Speed Force and the Gem Cities have time to heal, Barry begins issue #18 helping the Gem Cities rebuild from the devasation of recent battles. He is everywhere, and apparently one of the best wall-hangers and carpenters around (or at least a lot of Speed Force makes up for a lack of other training). It is just as well that he has so much to do, as Barry has yet to reclaim his old job – the bureaucracy of both the Police Force and the union haven't been able to render a decision on his old job now that he is no longer “dead”.
WARNING: SOME SPOILERS AHEAD! DON'T LOOK FURTHER UNTIL YOU HAVE READ THE ISSUE!
As we get into issue #18, we get to see a little more of the current status of Barry's private life. Barry is now living with Patty Spivot (and showing up at home on time, a nice twist on the old Silver Age meme of the “always late” Barry Allen). He is also continuing to work at the Keystone Saloon, the infamous hangout of the criminal element of the Gem Cities, including the now-former Rogue Axel Walker (this is where we saw him work in earlier issues at the time Barry was first considered “dead”).
Meanwhile, someone does a poor copy of Trickster's M.O. commits a burglary that accidentally kills a guard – and the police are now after Axel! In the chase scene we find out that Barry is no longer alone in fighting crime with the Speed Force. In fact, there is a rookie “Speed Force” comprised of Albert and Gomez, two of the bystanders who were sucked in to the Speed Force along with Iris West. They call themselves Sprint and Turbo Charger (the latter with a set-up not unlike Hot Pursuit from Flashpoint). This new “Speed Force” isn't quite as good as think they are…creating some friction between them and The Flash. Where this will lead will certainly be explored in upcoming issues. Interestingly enough, the Speed Force seems to have skipped the female members of the group who spent time there…at least for now.
Barry takes Axel to jail…but he also believes in Axel's innocence and begins a search for evidence that will clear the Trickster of murder. But, time is running short to do so, because we find that Trickster has found a new “family” after being kicked out of the Rogues…and that family is coming to call to free Axel from jail by force! As that battle starts we find a twist that leads directly into the next issue of Dial H – and it certainly explains Flash's involvement in that title.
Flash #18 is scripted by Brian Buccellato (who also handles the colors) while Francis Manapul takes a couple of issues off. This story is a little more linear in its approach than some recent issues, while still setting up some interesting side stories for the future. The quality of writing does not miss a beat here – and the idea of new Speed Force “rookie heroes” has the potential for very interesting conflicts as we move forward. Marcio Takara handles the pencils and inks this issue – and while I am a raving Manapul fan, I have to admit that every time I see Takara's art I like it more and more. The page is more dependent on traditional panels than in a Manapul issue, but there are still creative uses of the page and the artwork is spot on in keeping with the overall look we've come to expect in this volume of The Flash.
SUMMARY: After all the events of Gorilla Warfare, Flash #18 provides an excellent change of pace…and a great starting point for conflicts to come. Brian Buccellato's scripting here does not miss a beat, and Takara's artwork is more than credible in keeping with the standards we've come to expect from this excellent series.
Share
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon made sure not to direct it solely at infielder Javier Baez but the message is clear: he's not a lock to come north when they break camp on April 4.
"Of course there's a chance he doesn't make the team because there's no lock in regards to that," Maddon said Thursday afternoon. "The entitlement program doesn't exist."
Maddon has used that last line often since being hired. Draft status simply does not matter once you get to the big leagues. And while a player like Jorge Soler has only played a handful of games in the majors, he looks more prepared. Of course, his swing didn't undergo an overhaul.
"To this point he's (Baez) had a lot of good at-bats," Maddon stated. "And then he'll show one with the out of control swing that bothers him a little bit. And I think it bothers the fans more than it bothers me. He's just a young guy trying to figure this all out. [He has] sterling bat speed."
As if on cue a few hours later, Baez had one of those games. He struck out looking bad in the second inning against the Arizona Diamondbacks but then worked a walk -- his first of the Cactus League -- two innings later. One inning after that, he struck out again. And two more times after that, including the final out of the game.
"Of course he needs to get better but I don't want to force or push things right now with a guy like that," Maddon said.
Baez is 3-for-30 (.100) this spring after those five at-bats with one home run and 11 strikeouts. It can't be a shock to anyone if he's sent to Triple-A Iowa -- though the Cubs have stated they only like to promote players once. There's always exceptions of course. Maddon made sure to heap praise after recognizing the obvious.
"The thing no one talks about is this guy is a really good baseball player," he said. "Defense is spectacular, base running is outstanding, his acumen on the field is well beyond his years. The thing that's lagging a bit is the adjustment at the plate."
There is an argument to be made that letting Baez figure it out in the majors might be better for him even if it's not the best thing for the team. No matter what anyone thinks this is not a peak year for the Cubs. They're still a work in progress. Would it better for Baez to see major league pitching, work with major league coaches and simply get the experience? Then we'll know for sure. People still rave about the bat speed.
"This other stuff at the plate he'll figure it out," Maddon said. "In the meantime, he hits homers, you know. Dan Uggla did that for a while and made a lot of money. And I'm not saying that's who he is."
Maddon is taking a sensible approach. If Baez is Uggla now, the manager is hopeful time will turn him into something better. But should that happen in the minors or majors? We'll find out soon enough.
"I like him as a baseball player," Maddon said. "He's a tough guy."
World-class research into future sources of green energy is under threat in Britain from an environmental tax designed to boost energy efficiency and drive down carbon emissions, scientists claim.
Some facilities must find hundreds of thousands of pounds to settle green tax bills, putting jobs and research at risk.
The unexpected impact of the government's carbon reduction commitment (CRC) scheme is so severe that scientists and research funders have lobbied ministers for an exemption to reduce the bills.
Among the worst hit is the Culham Centre for Fusion Energy in Oxfordshire, a facility for research into almost limitless carbon-free energy. The lab faces an estimated £400,000 payment next year, raising the spectre of job losses and operational cuts. "Considering our research is aimed at producing zero-carbon energy, it seems ironic and perverse to clobber us with an extra bill," a senior scientist at the lab said. "We have to use electricity to run the machine and there is no way of getting around that."
The laboratory operates the Joint European Torus (JET), the largest fusion reactor in Europe. It has led the way in research on fusion energy. The Culham lab faces a significant bill because, while energy savings can be made in other areas of the site, the machine incurs a large electricity bill when it is running.
The Prospect union is urging the government to exempt energy use where the focus of research contributes directly to public good and government policy.
"This [tax] will have a negative impact on important research into low carbon energy sources and that cannot be the right consequence of a policy the government is pursuing to promote a low carbon economy," said Sue Ferns, head of research at Prospect. "There is a potential for the scheme to impact on employment and it adds to pressures to run the equipment less. Even if it doesn't lead to substantial job losses, these are world-class scientists and every job, every piece of research makes a difference."
Britain's main funding body for research centres, the Science and Technology Facilities Council, is trying to persuade ministers to rethink how the scheme applies to scientific laboratories. The STFC's bill will "inevitably" mean less funding for research across its centres, the Guardian has been told.
All representations have been dismissed by the government, but the chief scientist, Sir John Beddington, passed on researchers' concerns to the Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC) for an ongoing review.
Across the UK, laboratories will be required to pay around £1m in annual CRC bills to the DECC. Almost all of that will be met by diverting grants from other areas of government, such as the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills.
In the October spending review, the government shelved plans to recycle money raised by the scheme to participants, and said it would instead earn £1bn in revenue to support public finances.
Another Oxfordshire laboratory, the Diamond synchrotron light source, expects a £300,000 bill under the CRC. A spokesman said the lab hoped to offset the bill by investing in better climate control and motion-sensitive lighting.
At the Daresbury laboratory in Cheshire, the CRC bill will worsen financial woes that have forced managers to draft redundancy packages and consider cutting back on equipment. "Science is already struggling here and now we are being charged an additional premium to go about our everyday business while working to address the government's own stated grand challenges in science for the 21st century.," said Lee Jones, an accelerator physicist at the laboratory.
The DECC said: "All parts of the UK economy will need to play a part in using energy more efficiently. The measures encouraged by the CRC can make organisations more competitive via the cost savings on their energy bills.
"We are working on simplifying the CRC scheme to make it more straightforward and reduce burden on participants. Further details of how we plan to do this will be published in the coming months."
UN's call to CO2 action
The fastest-ever rise in greenhouse gas emissions, revealed by the Guardian yesterday, is an "inconvenient truth" the world must face, the UN's climate change chief said.
Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of the UN framework convention, said: "This is the inconvenient truth of where human-generated greenhouse gas emissions are projected to go without much stronger international action, " she said, issuing a call ahead of UN talks in Bonn next week. "I won't hear that this is impossible."
Estimates from the International Energy Agency show that last year saw a record CO2 rise, despite the recession and government policies aimed at curbing greenhouse gases. Most came from emerging economies, including China, but there is evidence the west "exported" billions of tonnes of emissions. Fiona Harvey
After beating an elderly woman in broad daylight for 16 minutes, the six plainclothes policemen realized they had made a serious mistake -- on video.
Associated Press A new scandal dubbed "Wrong Beating–Gate" has prompted fresh criticism of China's police.
The assault took place when Chen Yulian tried to enter the main gate of Hubei provincial government office buildings in Wuhan. Chen, 58, is the wife of a Hubei provincial committee official.
"It was a mistake, a complete mistake. We were not aware that we had beaten the wife of an important official," the policemen said.
This bizarre apology, suggesting that such beatings are OK if they aren't administered to VIPs, triggered an avalanche of public denunciation. Chinese news articles, blogs and forums voiced their disapproval at what is being called "Wrong Beating–Gate" (打错门).
"So as long as it's no one important, beating is acceptable behavior?" asked one Internet user, commenting on photos of a bruised Chen lying in a hospital bed. "Is this democracy? Is this rule of law? Is this justice?" another comment reads.
This is a "harmonious society," a sarcastic poster notes, playing off of President Hu Jintao's famous slogan.
Some critics see broad social implications. "Just punishing a few policemen will not be enough," one Chinese news headline declares. In a Shanghai Daily editorial, columnist Wang Yong agrees, saying: "Instead of tossing out these bad apples [the police] one by one, it would be better to ask: Who hired them and enabled them to work against the people?"
More than anything, the hamhanded apology rubs salt in an open wound -- the perception that there is unfair treatment for the common masses and privilege for government elites. The injured Chen was not even allowed to go to the hospital until she was able to make a call on a police phone and confirm that her husband was a government official, according to the Shanghaiist.
At the hospital, Chen was found to have a concussion and nerve trauma. She was covered in bruises, vomiting and couldn't get out of bed, reported the Southern Metropolis Daily.
"I thought I was being attacked by underworld gangsters," Chen said. "When I discovered they were police, I was stunned."
There can be no doubt that they were police, thanks to surveillance cameras capturing the entire ordeal. The Public Bureau of Security showed the tape to Chen's family members but refuses to release it to the public, Southern Metropolis News said.
-- Christopher Carothers
Google TV was one of the highlights of the Google I/O conference. It's a major product and a bold, new move for Google. Unfortunately, not for lack of trying, the company didn't do a great job at showcasing it at the I/O conference, as the demo was mired with technical problems, due to the thousands of Bluetooth devices interfering with the keyboards used to control the Google TV boxes.
Bringing more than half a dozen CEOs of the companies involved in the project, with some big names like Sony and Intel, doesn't help much if people still aren't sure what your product does. Thankfully, Google is now rectifying the mistake with a new, relatively short, video that goes a long way in explaining Google TV, how it works and why you should use it.
The premise is simple. Unlike previous propositions that set about ‘revolutionizing' the TV, Google's approach is to enhance the existing TV experience that a lot of people enjoy. Most people spend more watching TV than they do online, not to mention online video.
Google TV works with your current setup, enabling you to watch the programs you love like you always have. But this is made easier with the tools it provides, like searching to see what shows are on right now, or when a particular one airs. You can also record all of your favorite programs too, using the Google TV interface. These actions may be simpler with Google TV, but they're nothing new.
What is new is the possibility to get even more context and info about a show from the best place to do that, the web. You can visit any web page, watch your Twitter stream as a major news event unravels, for example, or go to a Wikipedia page to get more info on a subject that comes up in one of the shows you're watching.
And, of course, the other major draw is online video. YouTube is working on a dedicated version of the site created for the TV and other sites will be optimized for TV viewing as well. All of this is explained in the video and the simple visual examples are much better suited to explaining the Google TV concept.
The Football Team Without a Home The Los Angeles Chargers are playing in a tiny soccer stadium in a city that doesn't seem to want them. There's no way they'll be able to fill a full-size arena, but they're already on the books to be shared residents with the Rams in 2020. Somehow, the best solution might be to just stay where they are.
There was a moment in the first half of Sunday's Browns-Chargers game when the home team gave out the new U2 album to a section of fans. (Yes, there's a new U2 album.) The symbolism was so on-the-nose it barely seemed real. After spending years as the most popular musical act on the planet, the band became a punch line when they forced their way onto your iPhone. No one wanted them, but they gave consumers no choice. And now the team nobody asked for in the country's most popular sport was giving out their new album.
I went to a Chargers game. This is my story.
Their games feel less like a sporting event and more like a meetup of all the people who knew the Chargers had moved to Los Angeles. Few things seem impermanent as they happen, but the Chargers playing three seasons in a 27,000-seat soccer stadium is destined for a “Today I Learned” thread on Reddit two decades from now. I will explain this trip to my grandkids, who will experience a secondary wave of confusion after getting past their initial confusion over the fact there used to be something other than esports.
An NFL team playing in a soccer stadium sounds like a gimmick, but it's not that. George Foreman once boxed five fighters in an hour—that's a gimmick. This is more of a misadventure, an earnest idea quickly gone south. Norman Mailer described Los Angeles as a “constellation of plastic”—meaning, everything is manufactured. That gets less true as the city as a whole grows, but in this very specific case of a football team, there's not much of an argument.
On the day I attended and sat in the stands, 25,000 fans showed up—and a solid chunk of them, say 40 percent, was there to watch the Cleveland Browns. There were splashes of empty seats throughout the stadium. If the Chargers cannot fill a 27,000-seat stadium to the brim, how the hell will they fill the 70,000-seater they have coming in 2020? The Chargers fans who were there were louder than you'd think, and this is not meant to besmirch them. StubHub is actually a remarkable place to see an NFL game, in the same way it'd be cool to see the Clippers play at your local YMCA. But “cool” isn't anywhere near enough to salvage this entire experiment.
In the NFL, December is when questions get answered around the league. The regular season winds down and things become finite. Seahawks fan want to know how good their team can be despite key injuries to the secondary. Packer fans want to know when Aaron Rodgers is coming back. Bears fans are wondering why John Fox is still the coach. The Chargers are tied for first place in the AFC West, but the only thing I could think of was: What is the point of any of this?
Despite having a large fan base in San Diego that, at the very least, was aware the team played in the city, the Chargers left to chase L.A. revenues. After the initial relocation vote in 2016, local media reported that the Spanos family, which owns the team, was upset about the outcome—which allowed the Rams to move immediately, but forced the Chargers to take another year to decide. Maybe moving with the Rams would've helped narrow the gap in fans, but at the moment, things do not look good. Upon the franchise moving at the beginning of the year, ESPN reported the NFL was “besides itself” about how badly the team handled the move and executives speculated that Spanos would soon want to return to San Diego, however remote that possibility was and still is. On cue, the Spanos family was reportedly shocked at the lack of fans at StubHub earlier this year.
There were plenty of warning signs: Some previous Chargers attempts to get into the Los Angeles market had floundered. The Los Angeles Times counted 24 fans at a training camp practice when the Chargers visited Carson in 2003. “We have 13 million people living in the area,” the Times joked. “But I had no idea the Chargers had that many fans here.” Essentially, the Chargers knew what they were getting themselves into and did it anyway. This is the franchise equivalent of telling yourself you're not going to lock your keys in your car and then immediately doing it anyway. To make matters even worse, since arriving in Los Angeles, the franchise's television ratings have not been good, either.
There's a lot of consternation about what the future of sports looks like and the conversation usually centers on boring changes. Will the sport be streamed on Facebook? Will the helmets look different? Will there be teams in Europe? Those things might be true, but the real future of sports is the process that led the Chargers into this debacle: irrational ideas engineered by people in boardrooms that make little sense on the surface and no sense upon execution.
Los Angeles bears little resemblance to what you see in the movies—namely because the movies often feature characters who appear in two separate parts of the city in the same week. In real life, this does not happen.
The city's sprawl is one of the obstacles the Chargers face. Driving to Carson from most parts of Los Angeles is less like a normal drive and more like an Oregon Trail simulation: You have very little chance of getting where you need to go. But I hopped in my car and drove down anyway. With only 25,000 fans attending the game, parking wasn't terrible. On the walk in, I heard fans asking about where the tailgating was. (Apparently it's in one lot, far away from the lot we parked in, and it's both expensive to access and completely full anyway). I also observed a phenomenon I'd seen before only at Tampa Bay Rays games—groups of people in neutral jerseys, fans who were there to see football but were open about their allegiance to a different team. I saw Vikings jerseys, Patriots jerseys, and Raiders jerseys. The stadium looked like this at kickoff:
At kickoff, Dodgers third baseman Justin Turner appeared on the Jumbotron and told on-field interviewer LaDainian Tomlinson (what the hell, right?) that it was his bachelor party. He joked that there aren't many people who can say they celebrated their bachelor party in front of 30,000 people. Of course, Turner can't say that, either.
My fiancée, who once referred to a game program as a “playbill,” is not much of a sports fan. But her lack of familiarity often leads to valid observations. For instance, last year she noted that she had never, in our six years of dating, seen the Orlando Magic play well. Upon walking into the stands Sunday, she joked that the atmosphere seemed like a very big high school game. She was barely joking—Texas high school football stadiums are only marginally smaller.
The one thing you learn in the stands is that like politics, all sports is local. Despite the NFL being a national behemoth, when you're in Green Bay, everyone is wearing hunting gear, and it screams Wisconsin. At Cardinals games in Phoenix, everyone has a great tan. But there was no identity in Carson. Since Carson is south of Los Angeles, there was some South Bay vibe—that is to say, a lot of sandals and Pennywise songs. But overall, the dominant flavor seemed to be “people who purchased tickets to an NFL game.”
There's a strange gloom that hangs over the Chargers' stadium because there's typically a critical mass of visiting fans. When something bad happens to the Chargers and the visitors cheer, the Chargers fans boo in retaliation. This makes the mistakes seem so much worse. When kicker Travis Coons knocked a field goal off the upright to miss in the first half, Browns fans rejoiced and Chargers fans booed, but it is soundly simply like Chargers fans were booing Coons mercilessly.
On Sunday, Browns fans proved to be more entertaining and organic than the Chargers fans. They at least had a sense of humor. One guy in my section had—I kid you not—a Timofey Mozgov Browns jersey.
With Browns fans doing a lot of the stand-filling, one shudders to think what will happen when the Chargers play a team from a city that doesn't have a lot of transplants in L.A. That question will not be answered this year. The remainder of the home schedule features Washington and Oakland, and both of those fan bases can fill the building. Next year, though, the team will host the Bengals, Ravens, Cardinals, and a top AFC South finisher such as the Jaguars or Titans. An empty football stadium isn't unusual around the NFL, but an empty 27,000-seat soccer stadium would be new territory.
We're less than a full season in, but it's already hard to see a successful future for the Chargers in Los Angeles. In fact, it's even harder to picture them existing in a football-only stadium. So maybe the only way the Chargers can make this work is to be counterintuitive: never leave the StubHub Center. Become the accessible, small-stadium team, play there for a decade, and establish that identity. There's something charming about playing an NFL game in front of a Ring of Honor sign dedicated to Cobi Jones. They can't do that, of course; they've already agreed to share the Rams' stadium in Inglewood that's coming in three years. Their long-term destiny, then, seems to be like that of German soccer club 1860 Munich, who shared a 75,000-seat ground with the more popular Bayern Munich and whose disparity in popularity in the same stadium was glaring. They finally moved out this season, and their new stadium seats 12,500.
On Sunday, I kept thinking about a conversation I'd had a few years ago when reporting a story about how the in-home experience in the NFL had outflanked the in-stadium one. Essentially, there's no reason to go to games anymore with RedZone, Sunday Ticket, Twitter, and a string of other on-demand amenities found within a few steps of your couch. An NFL executive told me the league still needed seats filled because nowadays stadiums are glorified TV studios—filled seats look good on television, and television and revenue is what matters.
The future of sports is bad ideas. The time humans spend watching TV is falling and with it comes a decline in the amount of people consuming sports, which still rely on traditional TV. No league relies more on traditional network TV than the NFL. It's going to get harder for the NFL to double its revenue in the next decade, which is its goal. That means more experimentation, more chasing revenue. More situations like this: The Chargers are in Los Angeles, and they've saddled the city with unwanted football and U2 albums.
CHICAGO - JUNE 26: A gay couple strolls along a path of rainbow colored confetti in the city's gay district during the 36th annual Gay and Lesbian Pride Parade June 26, 2005 in Chicago, Illinois. Nearly one half million people were expected to line the parade route to watch this year's parade. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)
The people have spoken and the best gay neighborhood in the world, apparently, can be found right in the heart of the Midwest.
Chicago's Boystown neighborhood was voted the world's most "incomparable" gay neighborhood by the readers of Out Traveler, beating out runner-up The Mission in San Francisco.
The magazine notes that Boystown, technically East Lake View, was the nation's first officially-designated gayborhood and adds that it has "everything you could want: bars, clubs, restaurants, architecture, walkability, its own El stop" and, very shortly, marriage equality.
Researchers think that the entrance passages to 6,000 year-old tombs could have been used to enhance visibility for ancient stargazers
Ancient passages to stone tombs could have been used by prehistoric humans to boost their view of the night skies as part of an ancient ritual, archaeologists have proposed.
Researchers say that the dark entrances to 6,000 year-old tombs in Portugal could have been an early form of astronomical tool that enhanced the visibility of the stars. In particular, they say, the orientation of the entrances to the passage graves suggests that they are aligned to offer a view of Aldebaran, the red star that is the brightest body in the constellation of Taurus.
The star might have been important to ancient communities who moved their herds and flocks to summer grazing grounds in the mountains each year. The annual event, the researchers argue, could have coincided with the star's first appearance in the morning twilight each year. “This first rising of Aldebaran occurred at the end of April or beginning of May 6,000 years ago, so it would be a very good, very precise calendrical marker for them to know when it was time to move into the higher grounds,” said Dr Fabio Silva of the University of Wales Trinity Saint David.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The passageway's long corridor acts like a telescope without a lens, says Dr Fabio Silva. Photograph: University of Wales Trinity Saint David/Nottingham Trent University
The team, including researchers from Nottingham Trent University, believe the conditions within the tunnels could have provided viewers with a chance to spot Aldebaran's first appearance before those outside.
That, they say, could have been linked to ancient rituals in which individuals were left on their own in the tomb with the remains of their ancestors. “There is a wealth of evidence now that these passage graves were not only used as tombs for burials, but they could also be used for rites of passage,” said Silva. Such rituals, he adds, often involved the revelation of an astronomical secret to the initiate. “Could the secret be that he could see the star rising days, if not a full week, before everybody else that was outside the passage grave could see it?” said Silva.
Presenting their work at the Royal Astronomical Society's National Astronomy Meeting at the University of Nottingham, the team propose that the corridors boast a number of features that would have allowed someone within them to glimpse an early view of Aldebaran's so-called heliacal rising through the small window provided by the tunnel's opening.
“The key thing is that a passage grave with its long corridor acts like a telescope that does not have a lens - it is a long tube from which you are looking at the sky,” said Silva. “Its characteristics are going to impact how you are looking at the sky in three or four ways.”
Among these, says Silva, the corridors point towards the horizon, focusing the viewer's attention on one area of the sky, while the walls would block out the pre-dawn rays from the sun, making it easier to spot other celestial objects and increasing the contrast with the sky. The viewer's eyes, he adds, would be adapted to the dark of the passage, potentially making them better adjusted to spotting faint stars.
“All you are doing is making sure everything is dark apart from that small area in the sky,” said Dr Daniel Brown from Nottingham Trent University, who is also involved in the research.
Silva and the team are currently testing these ideas by simulating the conditions of the passages in the laboratory.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The researchers suggest that there may have been a ritual significance to viewing the night sky from the tombs. Photograph: University of Wales Trinity Saint David/Nottingham Trent University
“We are going to simulate this star rising at twilight conditions and allow people to tell us when they can see it,” said Silva. “Then [we will] compare that with a control group of people that are in a room which would replicate the conditions of being outside the passage grave.”
The link between ancient sites and astronomy is far from new - Stonehenge being perhaps the most famous example. But the purpose of such sites is notoriously difficult to unpick.
“As any archaeologist will tell you, trying to understand what was going through the minds of the people who built these prehistoric monuments is a difficult task,” said Dr Marek Kukula, public astronomer at the Royal Observatory Greenwich. “But this team is carrying out a fascinating study into how the human visual perception of a small patch of sky can be affected by the narrow views along the passages of the Portuguese structures.”
While the team propose that such properties could have had calendrical and spiritual purposes, Kukula believes the work highlights the central role of stargazing in societies throughout time.
“Whether these really were were the reasons why the passage tombs were originally built is hard to say for sure,” he said. “But this kind of ‘archaeoastronomy' highlights the fact that human beings have always been fascinated by the stars and that sky-watching has had an important role in human society for millennia.”
Just a day after Dwyane Wade appeared on The Undefeated's town hall to speak out against gun violence in America, his cousin, Nykea Aldridge, was killed in a shooting in Chicago. (1:46)
A woman who was fatally shot while pushing a baby in a stroller on Chicago's South Side has been identified as a cousin of NBA star Dwyane Wade.
Authorities say Nykea Aldridge, 32, was killed when two men walked up and fired shots at a third man at about 3:30 p.m. Friday. Police say the woman was not the intended target.
Wade addressed his cousin's death via Twitter.
My cousin was killed today in Chicago. Another act of senseless gun violence. 4 kids lost their mom for NO REASON. Unreal. #EnoughIsEnough — DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016
Chicago police have charged brothers Darwin and Derren Sorells with first-degree murder in Aldridge's death.
Derren Sorells, 22, is a documented member of the Gangster Disciples and currently is on parole, according to Chicago Police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi. Darwin Sorells, 26, also is on parole for a gun charge, according to Guglielmi.
Wade's mother, Jolinda Wade, spoke on behalf of the family Friday night while holding her sobbing sister close outside the emergency room where Aldridge was pronounced dead.
"Just sat up on a panel yesterday, The Undefeated, talking about the violence that's going on within our city of Chicago, never knowing that the next day we would be the ones that would be actually living and experiencing it," Jolinda Wade said. "We're still going to try and help these people to transform their minds and give them a different direction, so this thing won't keep happening. We're still going to help empower people like the one who senselessly shot my niece in the head."
The family did not take questions from reporters.
Dozens of people gathered at a Chicago church for a prayer service on Sunday. Aldridge's parents, sister, nieces and nephews wept as they spoke about the woman they said was a gifted writer and "fighter of the family.''
Dwyane Wade, who returned to his hometown by signing last month with the Bulls, and his mother both were part of a series of panel discussions on gun violence hosted Thursday by The Undefeated on ESPN.
The conversations were held at the South Side YMCA in Chicago and focused on athletes, their experiences with violence and police, and the responsibility to act. Wade, who was not in Chicago, appeared via satellite.
Police and the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office say Aldridge suffered gunshot wounds to her head and an arm. Police say the baby wasn't hurt and that a relative has taken custody of the child.
Family spokesman Pastor Edward Jones said Aldridge was a mother of four and was walking to register her children for school. He said the family had recently moved to the neighborhood.
Dwyane Wade previously called for an end to gun violence when he appeared at the ESPYS, saying, "It has to stop." Kevin Winter/Getty Images
Chicago has been hit hard by violence this year. More than 2,600 people have been shot in the city, mainly on the South and West sides. With 463 murders as of Wednesday, Chicago is on pace to record its largest number of homicides since 1997, when 761 people were killed in the city. Its murder rate is higher than that of New York and Los Angeles.
Wade tweeted about the situation in Chicago on Saturday.
The city of Chicago is hurting. We need more help& more hands on deck. Not for me and my family but for the future of our world. The YOUTH! — DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016
These young kids are screaming for help!!! #EnoughIsEnough — DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 27, 2016
Wade did not speak directly about gun violence during his appearance for The Undefeated but addressed "deep-rooted" divides in the community.
"We kinda adopted that mentality that, you know, it's about me surviving," Wade said, discussing Chicago's history. "It's important for all of us to help each other."
Wade grew up in a South Side Chicago house headed by his mother, who was then a drug dealer. Jolinda Wade gave up drugs and turned her life around after being released from prison in 2003. Now a pastor, she sees the problems that contribute to the violence in the communities.
"Some parents have to work one, two and three jobs and can't be there for their kids," she said Thursday night. "Reality TV is raising our children today. And they're going out on the street and being disconnected. ... They grow up and look around, and nothing's there."
Dwyane Wade previously urged an end to gun violence when he appeared with LeBron James, Carmelo Anthony and Chris Paul to open the ESPYS with a call for social change.
"The endless gun violence in places like Chicago, Dallas, not to mention Orlando, it has to stop. Enough. Enough is enough," he said.
This is not the first time Wade's family has been touched by gun violence. His nephew, Darin Johnson, was shot twice in the leg in 2012 but recovered.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
“19 states have laws blocking towns and cities from providing fast, publicly owned Internet access. Support the Municipal Broadband Act, which would preserve the right of cities and municipalities to build their own broadband networks.”
Cities and towns around the country are developing municipal broadband networks that are both faster and less expensive than the services offered by big cable and Internet companies.
But local governments in 19 states don't have that option due to anti-consumer state laws that ban or restrict municipal broadband.1 These state laws are a cynical attempt to preserve the profits of big cable companies – and now we have an opportunity to overturn all of them at once.
Senators Cory Booker and Claire McCaskill have introduced the Community Broadband Act, which would preempt these state laws and allow municipalities to compete directly with big cable companies by offering their own broadband service.2 We need to show grassroots support for this vital bill now and fight for the fast, affordable Internet access all Americans deserve.
Tell Congress: Stop cable companies from blocking fast and affordable Internet access.
According to recent surveys, nearly a quarter of Americans don't have broadband Internet access at home.3 Passing the Community Broadband Act would allow cities and municipalities provide fast Internet access to millions of Americans who don't have it, and help create less expensive and faster Internet access options for tens of millions of others.
In January, the White House announced its support of municipal broadband and released a report saying it wants to "end laws that harm broadband service competition.” The Obama administration also took modest steps to make loans available to rural broadband carriers, which will help provide access to some Americans.4 But President Obama can't overturn the 19 state laws blocking or limiting municipal broadband – so we need to pressure Congress to act.
Sign the petition to Congress: Pass the Community Broadband Act now.
Earlier this year, nearly 200,000 CREDO activists signed our petition urging the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to overturn the 19 state laws that block municipal broadband. In late February, the FCC had an opportunity to do just that when it took up the case of two municipalities that sought to overturn laws in their states that prevented them from expanding their municipal broadband networks to neighboring communities.
We had hoped the FCC would use this opportunity to block all state laws limiting or banning municipal broadband, but it took a narrower approach and simply preempted the two state laws in question.5 To be clear, the FCC did the right thing for protecting and expanding access to broadband Internet, it just didn't go far enough.
That's why we need to build grassroots pressure on Congress to step in and protect our access to fast and affordable broadband Internet.
Tell Congress: Stop cable companies from blocking fast and affordable Internet access.
1. "Obama calls for cities to build government-run high-speed internet," Vox, January 14, 2015.
2. "Booker, Markey, McCaskill Introduce Community Broadband Act," Senator Cory Booker, January 22, 2015.
3. "Census: Computer ownership, internet connection varies widely across U.S.," Pew Research Center, September 19, 2015.
4. "Obama calls for end to 19 state laws that harm community broadband," Ars Technica, January 13, 2015.
5. "Why the F.C.C.'s Municipal-Broadband Ruling Matters, Too," The New Yorker, February 28, 2015.
When Georges St-Pierre was spotted at UFC 196 on Saturday night, the rumor began:
GSP vs. Conor McGregor at UFC 200 in July.
Well, so much for that storyline. But Dana White did confirm that the company is in talks with GSP about making a comeback at UFC 200. However, he also said "I don't know if Georges still wants to fight."
Article continues below ...
GSP isn't the type to come to Vegas to just hang out and watch fights. He played coy and I asked about 200 and McGregor. Very interesting. — Ariel Helwani (@arielhelwani) March 6, 2016
GSP hasn't fought in the UFC since 2013. He vacated his belt to take time off after a controversial split-decision win over Johny Hendricks, and he hasn't committed to returning. The Canadian legend has been a vocal critic of the UFC, calling for stronger drug-testing standards, and the relationship has gotten chilly.
However, the UFC is trying to make its 200th card the biggest event in history, and with both Ronda Rousey and now Conor McGregor coming off losses, UFC 200 may need GSP more than ever.
By SCOTT SONNER, Associated Press
RENO, Nev. (AP) — Nevada's Department of Corrections is changing a series of policies and practices that the U.S. Justice Department says illegally discriminate against prison inmates with HIV by housing them separately and denying access to work assignments that can speed their release.
The Justice Department concluded last month the state was violating inmates' civil rights under the policies based largely on outdated and unfounded fears about the transmission of the virus that causes AIDS.
State Corrections Director James Dzurenda announced late Wednesday that inmates with HIV no longer will be segregated from the general prison population. He also said they will be provided the same opportunities as others to win assignments to work camps where they can earn credits faster to shorten their sentences.
Other changes include new protections intended to keep inmates' HIV status confidential, and new training for inmates and prison workers alike about how HIV is transmitted.
HIV, the human immunodeficiency virus, causes AIDS. But it cannot be transmitted through ordinary activities such as shaking hands or sharing drinking glasses, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Lawyers for the American Civil Liberties Union of Nevada who had complained to the Justice Department about the policies said they were impressed with the quick response by Dzurenda, who became the new corrections director in April.
"We are thrilled," said Amy Rose, the group's legal director in Las Vegas.
"It appears they took the recommendations from the Justice Department very seriously and took immediate corrective action," Rose told The Associated Press. "This is good news for inmates who are currently suffering under the previous policy."
Dzurenda said he has submitted a bill draft request to the Nevada Legislature to formalize some of the changes in state laws and regulations, and that additional changes may be forthcoming.
"The Department of Corrections is committed to a safe and human environment for each employee and inmate and will continue to review and revise other measures suggested" by the Justice Department, said Brooke Keast, the department's public information officer.
"In an effort to decrease any negative expectations or fears on the part of non-HIV positive inmates given the new policies above, a pamphlet is being designed covering facts about HIV and the changes in policy at the NDOC," she said.
Justice Department lawyers warned Nevada's attorney general in a letter June 20 the state was violating the Americans with Disabilities Act. They said some inmates have been discriminated against — and in some cases threatened and harassed — as a result of the "medically unnecessary" segregation policy that stigmatizes those with HIV.
The federal agency launched an ADA compliance review after receiving complaints from the ACLU and two inmates at the High Desert State Prison in Indian Springs.
Under the new policies only limited medical personnel will have access to the identities of HIV positive inmates and that prison housing classification forms are being revised to eliminate the medical code typically associated with HIV status, Dzurenda said. If an inmate meets all the requirements for a work assignment, he or she will be considered like any other inmate, regardless of HIV status, he said.
Rose said she's especially glad Dzurenda is submitting a bill draft request to amend the state statutes that conflict with the recommendations, and she hopes they will "continue to work toward educating inmates and staff about the real facts about HIV and the change in policy."
When Donald Trump on Monday questioned the accuracy of the federal government's glowing employment reports, it may have seemed like another unsubstantiated outburst from a famously loose-with-the-facts candidate. But in this case, he was joining a bipartisan chorus of businesspeople, economists and lawmakers who say the monthly employment report is an artificial portrait deliberately airbrushed by statisticians to make the jobs picture look better than it really is.
Last week, the Obama administration's Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the economy added 255,000 jobs in July, and that the official unemployment rate had remained at 4.9 percent — the lowest it has been since early 2008. In a speech to the Detroit Economic Club, Trump derided the report, calling it “one of the biggest hoaxes in modern politics.”
Though Trump didn't say so, the larger criticism of the unemployment rate revolves around how it counts — and doesn't count — the jobless. Today, the official unemployment rate counts only those actively seeking a job. It doesn't count those who have dropped out of the official labor force either because they have not been able to find a job, or because they are working part-time and cannot find full-time employment.
“In today's labor market, the unemployment rate drastically understates the weakness of job opportunities,” wrote the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute on its website, which calls for a more comprehensive unemployment rate. “This is due to the existence of a large pool of ‘missing workers' — potential workers who, because of weak job opportunities, are neither employed nor actively seeking a job. In other words, these are people who would be either working or looking for work if job opportunities were significantly stronger. Because jobless workers are only counted as unemployed if they are actively seeking work, these ‘missing workers' are not reflected in the unemployment rate.”
The group argues that there are now 2.3 million “missing workers” — a number that, if counted by BLS, would bump the official unemployment rate up to 6.2 percent.
Others such as private equity executive Leo Hindery argue that even that figure grossly understates unemployment in America. A longtime Democratic Party economic adviser and fundraiser, Hindery has since 2006 published a monthly email to lawmakers, congressional staff and activists that compiles data from BLS and the Census Bureau and then adjusts to arrive at what he says is a more accurate view of the unemployment situation.
In his latest dispatch, Hindery points out that there are 2 million so-called “marginally attached workers,” which BLS defines as those who “were not in the labor force, wanted and were available for work, and had looked for a job sometime in the prior 12 months.” There were also another 5.9 million “part time of necessity” workers — those he says are “unable to find full-time jobs or who've had their hours cut back.” If those workers were counted, official unemployment rate would be 9.7 percent, as BLS itself acknowledges. Add another 4.3 million who say they want work but haven't sought employment, and Hindery says the real unemployment rate in America is 12.1 percent.
That figure, he says, tracks a relatively recent trend in which there are as many uncounted unemployed or underemployed workers as those counted in the official unemployment figure.
“The difference between the real and official unemployment rate had for years after the second World War never been more than about 30 percent, even in recessions,” he told International Business Times-. “So if your official unemployment rate was 5 percent, in real terms it might be, say, 7 percent, which isn't great, but won't kill your economy. What happened in the two-year lead up to the 2007 recession, though, is that for the first time the ratio went to 1-to-1 — so if your unemployment rate was 7 to 8 percent, it was really 14 to 16 percent. And that's a huge change.”
“They Made A Pact With Themselves And With The Devil”
Trump's criticism of the latest job report quickly politicized employment statistics, but that's nothing new. Hindery, for instance, asserted that the current method of counting the jobless was a political decision made by both political parties right after World War II.
“Both parties sat down and basically said if we ever tell the American people the truth about the employment rate, things could get ugly for whichever one of us is in power,” he said. “So they made a pact between themselves and with the devil to not count everyone.”
In more recent times, the tabulation of employment statistics has changed — and has been a source of political controversy.
In 1994, for instance, federal officials revised the way it counted “discouraged” workers — those who want to work but have given up looking. In a research paper about the change, one BLS official noted that “The number of discouraged workers was much smaller after the 1994 redesign because the definition for the group was tightened.”
In late 2002 — amid a recession — President George W. Bush's administration discontinued the Labor Department's mass layoff report, prompting Democrats to accuse the White House of suppressing negative economic news. Democrats managed to restore the regular report for a decade, but it was eliminated again in 2013 by the Obama administration as part of a budget-cutting sequestration agreement with congressional Republicans. With President Obama championing the controversial Trans-Pacific Partnership, the budget deal also followed through on the Obama administration's previous proposal to cut a BLS unit that helped track the job-loss effects of trade deals.
Two years after that agreement, 19 House Republicans co-sponsored legislation called the “Real Unemployment Calculation Act” that would mandate the federal government include more jobless workers in its official unemployment rate. In doing so, it would address what Gallup CEO Jim Clifton has said is the big problem with the current rate.
“There's no other way to say this,” he wrote. “The official unemployment rate, which cruelly overlooks the suffering of the long-term and often permanently unemployed as well as the depressingly underemployed, amounts to a Big Lie.”
Ron Paul And The Government's 'Use Of Force'
This week, as the Federal Emergency Management Agency was coordinating the national relief effort in Hurricane Irene's wake, Texas congressman and Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul was calling for the agency's elimination. In an interview with host Scott Simon, Paul explains his position and responds to criticism of his "fringe" presidential candidacy.
SCOTT SIMON, host: This week is the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, was coordinating the national relief effort in Hurricane Irene's wake. Texas congressman and Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul was calling for the agency's elimination. He said quote, "FEMA has one of the worst reputations for a bureaucracy ever. It's a system of bureaucratic central economic planning, which is a policy that is deeply flawed."
Now that statement drew attention. But it is utterly consistent with the congressman's libertarian philosophy. We spoke with Ron Paul earlier this week and asked him to explain that decision.
Representative RON PAUL: I got that impression from having lived on the Gulf Coast and been a congressman here for a long time, because if I add up all the phone calls and all the work I've had to do with all the agencies of government, FEMA has caused more problems than all the rest put together. And most of the time it's the fact that when FEMA comes in and there's a disaster they interfere with the local people. The local people, the landowners can't do what they want. And then when they're promised payouts they can't get it to, you know, they can't get their insurance benefits, so we always have to go to bat for them.
But I was opposed to it long time before I knew it was so inefficient and that was when they introduced the notion that the federal government should guarantee this insurance, because literally what that does, it eliminates the principle of insurance. And insurance is supposed to measure risk. And if the government takes care of it there is no more risk. As a matter of fact, it encourages risk. It encourages the moral hazard that people who like their beach houses are more likely to build there because what the heck, you know, can't get my insurance, the taxpayers will bail me out. But the government doesn't have any money. And, as a matter of fact, FEMA is broke. They're about twenty billion dollars in debt. So if you add all that up, it doesn't have a very good reputation and I think that there are other ways we could handle these problems.
SIMON: First, when you talk about insurance make it possible for people to build their beach houses back...
PAUL: Mm-hmm.
SIMON: I'm sure you would agree, you'd have to point out now there are a lot of people sitting on rubble in Vermont who never thought they had a beach house. Irene was a hurricane that spread widely beyond what would be, if I might refer to it this way, the traditional points of impact. And in a way isn't that also part of the whole idea of getting the federal government involved? Because these disasters don't know state boundaries.
PAUL: The question is why? Why does all of a sudden somebody in Vermont need to get insurance from you if you live in Alexandria? You know, I mean what is the moral principle there? I've lived in Texas for a long time, and I've had a fair amount of damage, and I call up my insurance agent. So people should have responsibility for themselves. Their neighbors should help. The state should help. The community should help. State Guard should help. And, you know, under extreme circumstances our Military can surely have assistance in rescue operations. But they can't if they're over there and fighting wars that shouldn't be fought.
SIMON: So when you were against foreign adventures in Iraq, Afghanistan or Libya, you call those foreign adventures, that's all part of the same philosophy of when you say that FEMA is a bad idea.
PAUL: Yeah. It's all the use of force. See, a person who truly believes in liberty rejects the use of force to change people, mold people, change the economy or tell other countries how to live. So I apply the same principle down the line. You know, I don't want to force people. They have to follow laws, but the laws are that you can't hurt other people. And fortunately for me, the little bit of a test we've had for that system it's been the most prosperous system ever known to man. So I approach it as a humanitarian. I'm convinced to be a humanitarian you have to believe in property and free choices, both individually and for the marketplace.
SIMON: Mr. Paul, you announced last month you're going to retire from Congress when you term runs out in 2012. Of course, it's possible you'll be elected president. Are you in any way handing off your political name to your son, the senator from Kentucky?
PAUL: Well, we've never talked about that at all. I mean he's very interested in his views and mine obviously are pretty close, so, but will he's a pretty independent person...
(SOUNDBITE OF LAUGHTER)
PAUL: And I'm sure he'll, I'm sure he will continue. But I don't think you can hand reins off to anybody. You know, I hope he continues, you know, to do what he is doing, and I will probably in or out of office or whatever, because we believe that the principles of liberty are so important.
SIMON: You won a straw poll at the Republican Leadership Conference in New Orleans. You finished a close second in the Ames Straw Poll in Iowa. You're raising money may I like the federal government.
(SOUNDBITE OF LAUGHTER)
SIMON: Better than the federal government, perhaps at this point.
PAUL: We're very solvent, I'll tell you that.
(SOUNDBITE OF LAUGHTER)
SIMON: So how do you...
PAUL: No debt in my campaign.
SIMON: So how, do you have an answer for people who say, yeah, but he'll never be president?
PAUL: I'll say how do you know? I don't know that for sure. You know, nobody knows what the future will bring. So I don't worry about that. I'm running a race. I'm running hard and I know where the finish line is and we'll see what happens.
SIMON: Republican presidential candidate and congressman from Texas Ron Paul, speaking with us from Clute, Texas. Thanks so much, sir.
PAUL: Thank you.
Copyright © 2011 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
An article in The Examiner is very revealing, not only about the character of gun nut and husband to Gabby Giffords, former astronaut Mark Kelly, but also about the state of politics today.
Kelly is pushing a new anti-gun organization in New Hampshire, a state where there is little violence and certainly no gun problems. During an interview with WMUR, Kelly revealed the reason he and his wife are shoving gun control down the throats of the people in the Live Free or Die state is for political advantage in the 2016 election.
They chose the safe state of New Hampshire to launch their anti-gun campaign, pretending it's for New Hampshire's gun problem, a problem that doesn't even exist, because of the state's prominent role in the presidential election.
This is how he was introduced by WMUR:
MARK KELLY WE'RE HERE TO KICK OFF A NEW CAMPAIGN.
REPORTER: MARK KELLY SAYS ONE OF THE REASONS THEY PICKED NEW HAMPSHIRE TO LAUNCH THIS IS BECAUSE OF ITS PROMINENT ROLE IN THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION PROCESS AND HE HOPES THAT CANDIDATES IN BOTH PARTIES TALK ABOUT GUN VIOLENCE.
Of course there is little gun violence in New Hampshire and there is no reason other than election year politics to launch in this state.
The gun control lobby is paying for yet another fake organization purposed to further the leftist Democrat party.
Mark Kelly is a paid gun control lobbyist for Americans for Responsible Solutions.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Footage has emerged of two bare-knuckle boxers - including a UFC veteran - involved in two intense altercations following a sell-out show in Coventry.
American Melvin Guillard is seen holding a knife during one of the rows which happened at a restaurant in the city centre, believed to be Harvester.
The second video was caught on camera next to the Coventry Skydome where the bare-knuckle show took place on Saturday night in front of more than 3,000 people.
BJPenn.com reports that Guillard, a mixed martial arts fighter, got involved in an argument with another bare-knuckle boxer, Jimmy Sweeney, the following morning.
The footage from inside the restaurant shows Guillard holding a table knife while he argues with Sweeney and the rest of his camp.
The video was shot by fellow UFC veteran Shonie Carter and then posted on his Facebook page.
Another name from the UFC who was present at the time was Wes Sims, who told BJPenn.com: “I was there - that is Melvin. Yes he has a butter knife in his hand, yes Shonie Carter filmed, and yes we would have stomped the s*** out of those Irish! Good times in the UK.
“[It] is quite difficult finding a good meal though, as you see.”
This incident followed another heated, public encounter between Guillard and Sweeney, which was captured by Sims.
In this row outside the Skydome, Guillard can be seen threatening Sweeney's group from across the street.
“I'll dump your f****** skull in the street right here,” he says in the video. “You a p****, boy, I'm gonna show you what America is.”
The footage was shared on Sims' Facebook page.
Nyquist Wins The 2016 Kentucky Derby
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rob Carr/Getty Images Rob Carr/Getty Images
Nearly one year since American Pharoah made history, Nyquist has embarked on a star-making turn of his own at Churchill Downs. The thoroughbred has won the 2016 Kentucky Derby.
The colt beat out 19 other competitors over the course of a hectic mile and a quarter, crossing the finish line about a body length ahead of Exaggerator.
Jockey Mario Gutierrez earned a patient win with Nyquist, giving the racehorse Danzing Candy plenty of leeway to lead the pack early. Gutierrez kept Nyquist close, though, never dropping much lower than third. Nyquist pulled ahead in the final stretch and didn't ease up until he definitively captured the Run for the Roses.
The win didn't exactly come as a surprise. By mid-afternoon, the bay colt was pulling down 2-1 odds, cleanly earning honors as the heavy favorite. Nyquist — owned, trained and ridden by the same team that won the 2012 Kentucky Derby — approached this year's race with the confidence of having succeeded at Churchill Downs before.
"There's a quiet confidence in the group that's not flashy," owner Paul Reddam told Rick Howlett of member station WFPL before the race. "But — to speak Californian for a moment — there's a very good vibe in the barn."
Famous for his ice hockey fandom, the Ontario native named Nyquist after a player on his favorite team, forward Gustav Norquist of the Detroit Red Wings. And it's not even the first — or the second, or the third — Red Wings player who has served as namesake for one of Reddam's horses.
But, whatever the pedigree of his on-ice predecessor, Nyquist (the horse, to be clear) has been dominant on the track in his own right. Before the Kentucky Derby, the horse had gone a perfect 7 for 7 in his early races.
Now, make that 8 for 8.
Of course, the conclusion to this year's Derby Day, now in the books, also ushers us to the starting gate of another beloved, decades-old tradition: talk of a potential Triple Crown. The Kentucky Derby is just the first jewel in horse racing's highest prize; to win a Triple Crown, Nyquist must now go on to win the Preakness and the Belmont Stakes, too.
American Pharoah managed the feat last year — for the first time since 1978. Can Nyquist do the same? Ladies and gentlemen, let the breathless debates begin.
Scientists have taken the first ever snapshot of an atom's shadow—the smallest ever photographed using visible light. The imaging technique could have big implications for genetic research and cryptography, researchers say.
The pioneering shutterbugs used an electrical field to suspend a charged atom, or ion, of the element ytterbium in a vacuum chamber. They then shot a laser beam—about a thousand times wider than the atom—at the ytterbium.
The ytterbium atom absorbed a tiny portion of the light, and the resulting shadow was magnified by a lens attached to a microscope, then recorded via a digital camera sensor.
The team used ytterbium because they knew they could create lasers of the right color to be strongly absorbed by the element.
"Each element responds to different specific wavelengths ... so we would need different laser systems to use this technique on a different atom," said study leader Dave Kielpinski. Atoms, he added, are the smallest things that can be seen in visible light, and though the team's shadow shots are unprecedented, atoms themselves have been photographed before.
Since capturing the unique picture, the team has been refining their technique, creating (as yet unreleased) photos of ytterbium shadows twice as dark as in the above image, said Kielpinski, a physicist at Australia's Griffith University.
The group is also working on increasing the resolution of their images, so that it might one day be possible to see how the electrons orbiting an atom affect the shape of its shadow.
Atomic Encryption
The shadow-imaging technique could one day enable scientists to study DNA inside living cells by shining a laser at them and observing patterns of light absorption, the researchers say. Current techniques—involving attaching special molecules to DNA—are potentially harmful to cells.
The technology might also one day be harnessed to send information across "quantum cryptography networks," which would use single atoms as data-storage devices and quantum physics to guarantee privacy, Kielpinski said.
"Our work gives a new way to get light to talk to single atoms," he added, "so we can cook up new protocols for these storage nodes."
I took this photo of Gibraltar Point Beach on a long walk around Toronto Islands during the city's most recent cold snap. Because parts of the Island are exceedingly untamed, especially in the isolated winter, I was surprised to see Leslie Street Spit-style slabs of concrete and twisted rebar landfill breaking the otherwise undomesticated landscape of the Island's south-west beach.
As past posts have explored, the Toronto Islands were formed when land from the dramatic erosion of the Scarborough Bluffs dropped into Lake Ontario and was pushed by the lake's current to form a peninsular sand bar. Though always referred to as “The Islands”, a powerful storm in 1858 pierced its thin connection to mainland Toronto, rendering them islands in the true sense.
Looking at a few historical Toronto maps (courtesy of the fantastic Historical Maps of Toronto blog), the shape of the sand bar changes dramatically. For its first hundreds of years, the form of the Toronto Islands changed every year and after every storm.
When the Leslie Street Spit peninsula made its final extension into the lake in the 1970s, the flow of sand from the Scarborough Bluffs was effectively blocked. Consequently, the Islands have been eroding, their sand pushed away by the lapping waves of Lake Ontario without the replenishing effect of the Bluffs' accumulative currents of land.
The city's response has been to dump landfill along the Island's south shore to curb erosion. In fact, the City has been doing this for more than a hundred years. In 1885, with the vision of Central Park style forests, lawns and meadows, the City decided to “parkify” the Islands and began dumping soil and infill to landscape and tame the wild, constantly changing landform (picture the French-style geometric gardens that lead from Centre Island to the pier, and the constantly mown fields just to their west). More recently, the City has embraced Michael Hough style “natural processes”, and native plants are reclaiming their habitats.
In both cases — the historical parkification, and the current attempts to curb erosion — I can vividly see how this wild place is slowly being taken over by the deep urbanity across the Bay. As the Toronto Islands remain untamed in many senses, I hope that a delicate balance is maintained between the urbanity and wildness that characterizes Toronto's frontier shoreline as we continue to negotiate the Island's role in our cityscape.
Daniel Rotsztain is the Urban Geographer. After six years of formal and informal education in Montreal, Halifax and Amsterdam, he is happily back in his home-city of Toronto and ready to respond to it with words and art. Check out his website, or say hello on Twitter!
Every year, far more new entrepreneurs fail than succeed. But if you aren't one of the lucky few, don't despair: Failure has transformed from a source of shame into a badge of honor. Today's CEOs and thought leaders glorify mistakes as key stepping stones to success—a sentiment that Generation X has taken to a whole new level. In a recent essay for The Washington Post, Silicon Valley venture capitalist Geoff Lewis uses the phrase “failure porn” to describe the eager repackaging of people's lowest moments—the grislier, the better. Older leaders are urging young people to take risks when they're most able—but this message is ill-suited for Millennials, who would much rather get started on the right foot than stumble and start again.
Much of today's “embrace failure” rhetoric originated in the business world. The past few years have brought countless books with titles like Adapt: Why Success Always Starts with Failure and Fail Fast, Fail Often: How Losing Can Help You Win. Virtually every big-name tech executive, from Steve Jobs to Mark Zuckerberg to Jeff Bezos, has publicly touted the value of their biggest misses. Startup failure is the focus of the annual conference FailCon, which launched in 2009 and over the next four years enjoyed sellout success, adding events in other countries like Brazil, Japan, and Israel. Last year, however, FailCon's founder cancelled the San Francisco event out of the belief that failure is now so engrained in Silicon Valley culture that a conference is unnecessary.
Along the way, this idea has broadened into an industry-agnostic rallying cry. Bestsellers like The Antidote and Antifragile argue that failure and disorder benefit individuals and institutions alike. Meanwhile, on college campuses, commencement speeches have become an opportunity for luminaries from various fields to share stories of their failures. An NPR analysis of popular speeches going back to 1774 identified “embrace failure” as the sixth-most popular theme (outranking platitudes like “be kind” and “dream big”). Of the 38 speeches with this theme, all but three were delivered after 2000—by the likes of J.K. Rowling, Oprah, and Ben Bernanke.
The result is a culture where failure is not only destigmatized but also considered empowering. Rather than move on from setbacks, people are encouraged to examine them—and those who fail repeatedly are told not to give up.
Many view this shift in perspective as a welcome change. A culture that's open about failure, they claim, can offer those who are struggling the confidence to pick themselves up and keep going. In fact, some investors believe failure to be an asset, a sign that one can handle adversity. (Of course, there's a paradox here: Taking the stigma out of “failure” means it's not really failure anymore.) In addition, this mindset indicates a willingness to learn and adapt. In a recent essay, Planet Money co-host Adam Davidson argued that this quality will only grow more important at a time when major industries—like education, finance, and health care—are facing seismic disruptions and their workers must reinvent themselves.
But skeptics counter that it doesn't help anyone to portray failure as a springboard to greatness. Rather than enabling better choices, this framing can simply enable those who have floundered to try again heedlessly when they should be more mindful of challenges. A 2009 study reported in The New Yorker found that entrepreneurs who had failed at starting businesses in the past were not much more likely to succeed in new ventures than first-timers were; around 80% of those who had failed before did so again. What's more, most of the pro-failure rhetoric is coming from people who have “made it” in life—in other words, those for whom it's easy to say that setbacks don't preclude a happy ending.
Positive or not, one thing is certain: Failure is much more accepted today than it was when Silent and Boomers were coming of age. In fact, G.I. leaders drilled into these rising generations the opposite lesson: Follow the rules, avoid taking risks, and don't fail. In fact, managers were once expected to be infallible, deflecting the blame when problems arose. While the Silent largely ended up taking these lessons to heart, young Boomers famously rebelled and adopted a risk-taking spirit—which their business leaders began applying on the job when they took over.
Generation X has embraced this mindset even more strongly. They've been largely defined by their response to tough economic and social situations, which helped shape their determination to work outside the system and succeed in unconventional ways. They were the driving force behind the Silicon Valley tech boom of the 1990s—where the idea of failure as a symbol of resilience really took root before catching on in other industries.
Most Millennials, however, are skeptical about the idea of failing upwards. Though their youth implies that they're in the best position to take risks, Millennials are actually looking for security. They'd rather climb the corporate ladder than freelance indefinitely—and anticipate hurdles rather than stumble through them. Their poorer economic situation means that many simply can't afford to risk it all on a “maybe.” They're also coming of age at a time when failures are more public and permanent than ever; one social media blunder could keep them from getting a job.
This cautiousness is reflected in young adults' actions. In addition to driving an across-the-board decline in risk-seeking behavior, this generation isn't producing many entrepreneurs. From 1989 to 2013, the share of people under age 30 who own private businesses fell from 10.6% to 3.6%—a 24-year-low, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis of Federal Reserve data. Meanwhile, a Babson College survey finds that 41% of 25- to 34-year-olds cite “fear of failure” as their biggest roadblock to starting a business, up from 24% in 2001. The old dynamic has reversed. Now it's the older leadership who extols the merits of failure—to young people who want to avoid it as they look for safer paths towards success.
Davis, as you might imagine, defended her empty wheelchair ad: “It was a very fair and important ad.”
Andrea Mitchell interviewed Wendy Davis on Tuesday. What a pair! (Video below)
No comment. I trust AT readers will take it from here.
Could you have gone after what you see as his hypocrisy…without this stark image of the empty wheelchair which seemed to be trying to point people toward his own supposed disability?
But even worse was Mitchell's comment (edited for emphasis on the video footage):
Andrea Mitchell interviewed Wendy Davis on Tuesday. What a pair! (Video below)
Davis, as you might imagine, defended her empty wheelchair ad: “It was a very fair and important ad.”
Uh-huh.
But even worse was Mitchell's comment (edited for emphasis on the video footage):
Could you have gone after what you see as his hypocrisy…without this stark image of the empty wheelchair which seemed to be trying to point people toward his own supposed disability?
His supposed disability?!
No comment. I trust AT readers will take it from here.
Hat tip: The Right Scoop
On a recent visit to Los Angeles, my wife and I met Rehder for a long lunch at the Santa Monica Airport, at a restaurant he had chosen. Rehder ordered an Arnold Palmer, called the waitress “darling,” and showed us through a small stack of files holding black-and-white photographs, personal notes he'd written to himself in preparation for our meeting, and some newspaper clippings related to major cases he'd worked on. In fact, one thing I've come to realize over the course of many meetings with retired FBI agents is that they often arrive with files in hand, as if unable to fully leave behind the archives and documentary evidence so central to the agency's investigations. These files are encyclopedic, full of data and references for making narrative sense of the events they describe. Our table at the restaurant was laminated with aviation charts of the skies around Southern California, giving our whole conversation an oddly diagrammatic feel, as if we were not only getting an X-ray of the city from a retired FBI agent but also somehow peering into the skies to see the flight paths and holding patterns otherwise only known to pilots and air traffic controllers.
Rehder has stayed busy in his retirement, he explained, and now runs a consulting firm called the Security Management Resource Group, “a professional firm providing effective and cost-efficient prevention solutions to robbery, violence, and other crimes at financial institutions, stores, and other corporate facilities.” His partner is a former head of security at Bank of America. Rehder's expertise in all things bank-crime-related also led to the surreal accolade of having been tapped to serve as an outside consultant on the 1991 film Point Break, a thriller starring Keanu Reeves and Patrick Swayze and directed by a young Kathryn Bigelow, although he tends to laugh when telling that particular story. Rehder's colleagues apparently ribbed him about the movie for years afterward.
Being a busy mom does not necessarily mean that you cannot give your family a delicious treat. This simple, quick and very easy dessert recipe will help you whip up a scrumptiously moist Chocolate Cake with Buttercream Frosting. And you don't have to worry about too much bowls to clean afterwards because you just basically dump all the ingredients in the very same pan you'll be baking in!
Ingredients:
Chocolate Cake
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, leveled
1 cup sugar
3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon coarse salt
6 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 tablespoon white vinegar
1 cup cold water
Buttercream Frosting
2 cups (4 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
1 pound confectioners' sugar, sifted
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/8 teaspoon salt
Procedures:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Combine all-purpose flour, sugar, unsweetened cocoa powder, baking soda, and coarse salt in an 8-inch square baking pan.
Make a well in center of the flour mixture and add vegetable oil, pure vanilla extract, white vinegar, and cold water. Use wire Whisk until combined and free from lumps. Tap pan to level batter and bake until a tester inserted in center comes out clean (About 35 to 40 minutes). Take out from over and let cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Meanwhile, prepare the simple buttercream frosting by combining butter, sugar, vanilla and salt using an electric mixer with paddle attachment. Beat on high speed 2 to 3 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally.
Halve the chocolate cake and spread some buttercream frosting in between. Spread the remaining frosting over the cake's top and sides. Serves 8.
Get These Other Easy Dessert Recipes:
Comments
comments
One of Britain's most successful orchestras is moving to Belgium amid fears that its musicians may be among the victims of a post-Brexit crackdown on immigration.
The European Union Baroque Orchestra has been based in Oxfordshire since 1985, but will give its last UK concert in its current form at St John's Smith Square, London, on 19 May, before moving to Antwerp. The critically acclaimed orchestra, described last month as “brilliant” and “the blooming excitement of youth” by Radio 3's Sean Rafferty, auditions about 100 students a year, including young British musicians, and chooses between 20 and 25 for intensive training and performance. Alumni have gone on to fill posts in major baroque orchestras around the world.
General manager Emma Wilkinson said that while no one knows what the future may look like, the orchestra decided that moving to Antwerp now would be wise. She fears that the loss of free movement would make life for musicians very difficult: “I do worry that European orchestras will not be inviting talented British musicians to work with them. It will just be too bureaucratically difficult.”
Asked whether future concerts in Britain by the orchestra might be threatened when it was based outside the UK, she replied: “That's the problem with the uncertainty around this whole issue. We just don't know.”
EU flags waved at Last Night of the Proms in anti-Brexit protest Read more
Other major orchestras are also weighing up their options. The highly influential European Union Youth Orchestra (EUYO) has been based in London since it began life in 1976. Now it is making contingency plans to move to the continent while it waits to see what life after Brexit might look like.
Marshall Marcus, former head of music at London's Southbank centre and now chief executive of the EUYO, said the orchestra had already received invitations to move to other EU countries. “For some time we have been forming our plan to be ready to relocate, if and when this becomes necessary. Or indeed simply advantageous,” he said.
“If we do land with a hard Brexit it is really difficult to see how British musicians will be able to continue to take advantage of the opportunities that the EUYO and other EU initiatives have been able to offer generations of European musicians,” he added.
He lists EU worker protections, customs unions, import documents (carnets) for instruments and visa requirements as possible future headaches. “No one I know in the music industry – here or on the continent – wants to have to return to the bad old days of filling in more forms, taking up more time and spending more precious money in order for musicians to be able to perform for audiences on both sides of the channel,” he said.
The EUYO gave birth to another important UK-based cultural institution, the Chamber Orchestra of Europe (COE), founded in 1981 by graduates from the then European Community Youth Orchestra. Since its inception the COE has been widely praised for its performances with many of the world's greatest conductors, including Claudio Abbado, Bernard Haitink, Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Vladimir Jurowski, Yannick Nézet-Séguin and Sir András Schiff. Headquartered in London, it has no current plans to move but with 85% of its members living on the continent, the orchestra is keeping its options open.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Chamber Orchestra of Europe.
Chairman Peter Readman can see bureaucratic nightmares ahead. “No one knows what the landscape will look like but there is not a chance in hell that it will be better,” he said. “It will require more administrative staff which will add to everybody's costs in an enterprise that doesn't make money.”
Timothy Walker, chief executive and artistic director of the London Philharmonic Orchestra, fears for the cultural life of the capital: “London has one of the most vibrant creative communities in the world, full of freelance artists, many of whom come from the EU,” he said. “Expected changes to their right to reside here and work through a points system will unquestionably affect classical music and soundtrack recordings which are a vital part of the arts ecology in the capital.
“Like any performing arts organisation we sometimes have last-minute cancellations and need to fly in conductors or soloists, often as late as the day of a concert. If permits or visas were to be imposed then the ability to move quickly might be jeopardised.
“On the positive side, touring makes up a significant proportion of the LPO's work and at present the weakening of the pound has increased our competitiveness.”
The director of the Association of British Orchestras, Mark Pemberton, has been lobbying Whitehall about touring: “Imagine a large van full of instruments. Outside the customs union every single instrument on that van would be subject to a carnet, as it is when orchestras tour to the Far East or the US. Currently, we do not know whether a single carnet might cover all EU countries in a tour or whether separate carnets would have to be prepared for each country. It's a bureaucratic burden that will bring extra cost and delay.”
Like the LPO and other orchestras, opera companies need to fly in substitute performers when illness strikes. “We have to have a quick and efficient work permit system that promotes a diverse and multilingual workforce and enables creative and cultural organisations to access highly specialist skills,” Alex Beard, chief executive of the Royal Opera, wrote recently. “The quality of work on the Royal Opera House stages, for example, is immeasurably enhanced by the ability to draw immediately on a Europe-wide talent pool in the event of sickness.”
The European Opera Centre began life in Manchester in 1997 and moved to Liverpool where it opened the city's European Capital of Culture year in 2008. It is not contemplating leaving but it may change its name. “We have always gone wider than the EU in offering our help to singers establishing themselves in their careers, but we are now having a debate about whether we should go international and stop calling ourselves European,” said director Kenneth Baird.
Pope Francis delivers his Christmas Day "Urbi et Orbi" message to the world from the balcony of St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican on December 25. Photo by Stefano Spaziani/UPI | License Photo
Pope Francis delivers his Christmas Day "Urbi et Orbi" message to the world from the balcony of St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican on December 25. Photo by Stefano Spaziani/UPI | License Photo
Pope Francis delivers his Christmas Day "Urbi et Orbi" message to the world from the balcony of St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican on December 25. Photo by Stefano Spaziani/UPI | License Photo
Pope Francis delivers his Christmas Day "Urbi et Orbi" message to the world from the balcony of St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican on December 25. Photo by Stefano Spaziani/UPI | License Photo
VATICAN CITY, Dec. 25 (UPI) -- Pope Francis emphasized the need for world peace -- specifically in war-torn Syria -- during his Christmas Day address Sunday.
The BBC said the head of the Roman Catholic church delivered his message in front of tens of thousands of people who gathered in St. Peter's Square. There was an intense security presence after the man suspected to have perpetrated last week's deadly terror attack in Berlin was shot dead in the Italian city of Milan, the British broadcaster noted.
The Guardian newspaper quoted the pontiff as saying he wants his words regarding the end of violence to be carried "to the ends of the Earth to reach all peoples, especially those scarred by war and harsh conflicts that seem stronger than the yearning for peace."
RELATED Pope Francis celebrates Christmas
"Far too much blood has been spilled," he went on. "Above all, in the city of Aleppo, site of the most awful battles in recent weeks, it is most urgent that assistance and support be guaranteed to the exhausted, civil populace, with respect for humanitarian law. It is time for weapons to be stilled forever, and the international community to actively seek a negotiated solution so that civil co-existence can be restored in the country."
The pope also urged Israelis and Palestinians to "have the courage and the determination to write a new page of history, where hate and revenge give way to the will to build together a future of mutual understanding and harmony."
The BBC reported he denounced global terrorism, which he said "had sown fear and death into the hearts of so many countries and cities."
RELATED Pope Francis dines with homeless on 80th birthday
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 20, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Ever wonder exactly how much energy a microwave oven or big screen TV uses, whether you left your refrigerator door open, or how much money can be saved by turning off a home computer while at work? The answer to those questions may not be that far off.
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110106/MM26476LOGO)
A new San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E) research study plans to test technology that can measure in-home electricity consumption down to the individual circuit and appliance level. The research will be supported by the Pecan Street Research Institute, a consumer energy research organization headquartered at the University of Texas at Austin.
Approximately 30-50 SDG&E customers living in the Civita master-planned development in Mission Valley will be selected to participate in the study. Civita, a Sudberry Properties development, is an SDG&E "Smart Community" project where smart grid technology is being integrated including solar panels, electric vehicle charging stations, fuel cell generation, battery storage and enhanced energy management tools for residents.
"This research will take smart grid technology to a new level by providing among the most detailed energy usage data to customers through technology that is not even on the market yet," said John Sowers, SDG&E vice president for generation and resource planning. "Through the research study, SDG&E will learn how this in depth data can help customers to make smarter energy decisions and save money."
By understanding how customers use electricity at the circuit level, SDG&E hopes to identify ways to help tailor future utility programs related to home area networks, energy efficiency and demand response. Demand response programs signal customers when to reduce usage in order to meet resource demand when the grid is reaching capacity. This new knowledge could also allow SDG&E to recommend specific measures customers can take to both reduce usage and cost.
Pecan Street will provide volunteer participants with a free website and mobile application that provides real-time information on the customer's electricity use down to the appliance and circuit level as well as information on appliance, rooftop solar panel and home energy performance. The service is powered by an "energy data router" installed at the customer's circuit panel. The router is manufactured in California.
Pecan Street already operates this technology in nearly a thousand homes, apartments, businesses and public schools throughout Texas and, starting later this summer, in Colorado. Its work began in the Mueller neighborhood in Austin, built on the land of a former airport and redeveloped into a ground-breaking mix-used, sustainable urban neighborhood. A decade later, the 711-acre Mueller community is a bustling mini-city and among the world's largest LEED-ND certified communities.
Pecan Street researchers are particularly excited about the unique advanced energy technologies that SDG&E and Sudberry have built into the Civita community.
"If there is any place in the United States poised to define the energy system of the future, it's Civita," said Pecan Street President and CEO Brewster McCracken. "By participating in testing this new consumer energy service, San Diegans who live in Civita will have unprecedented real-time access to information on their home and appliance electricity use. They will also be playing a personal role in advancing public interest research on how to integrate cutting edge consumer energy services into a technologically advanced, highly efficient, low carbon energy system."
"This project is part of Sudberry's commitment to make Civita a regional example of a sustainable community," said Colton Sudberry of Sudberry Properties.
The research, which launches in August, will last for several months, and potentially longer.
The Pecan Street Research Institute is a non-profit university-based scientific research organization. The Institute's public interest research focuses on advancing understanding and solutions addressing utility system reliability, climate change, renewable energy integration and customer needs and preferences. It has 20 full-time employees. Learn more at http://www.pecanstreet.org.
Civita is a new sustainable, transit-oriented village in San Diego's Mission Valley that is transforming a 70-year-old sand and gravel quarry into a hip, stylish address that incorporates urban conveniences within a stunning garden setting. To encourage small town spirit and civic pride, Civita is designed around a 20-acre neighborhood park and a lively civic area, with a network of footpaths, bike paths, and vista parks. Plans for the 230-acre property call for 4,780 residential homes and apartments in numerous configurations, approximately 480,000 square feet for a lifestyle retail center and 420,000 square feet for an office/business campus. Developed by Sudberry Properties, Civita has already earned major regional and national recognition for its sustainability, smart growth, and environmental leadership, including the 2009 California State Governor's Award for Environmental and Economic Leadership (GEELA), California's highest environmental honor. Located in the heart of San Diego with easy access to the San Diego Trolley, Civita is surrounded by extensive shopping, gourmet dining, entertainment, educational opportunities, employment centers, top heath care providers and nearby outdoor activities. For more information, visit www.civitalife.com
SDG&E is a regulated public utility that provides safe and reliable energy service to 3.4 million consumers through 1.4 million electric meters and 860,000 natural gas meters in San Diego and southern Orange counties. The utility's area spans 4,100 square miles. SDG&E is committed to creating ways to help customers save energy and money every day. SDG&E is a subsidiary of Sempra Energy (NYSE: SRE), a Fortune 500 energy services holding company based in San Diego. Connect with SDG&E's Customer Contact Center at 800-411-7343, on Twitter (@SDGE) and Facebook.
SOURCE San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E)
Co-defendant facing 42 counts; 'Additional arrests' may be coming...
Brad Friedman Byon 4/5/2013, 5:15pm PT
In January of 2012, just as the GOP Primary election cycle for President was getting under way, The BRAD BLOG reported exclusively that the office of the Virginia Attorney General had opened a criminal election fraud investigation into the failed effort by the campaign of Newt Gingrich to appear on the primary ballot in the Commonwealth.
Now, a woman hired by the campaign has "pleaded guilty to felony counts of fraud and perjury," according to a report just out tonight from Charlottesville's NBC affiliate WVIR.
31-year old Jennifer Derrebery reportedly worked for Gingrich's election contractor Stillwater LLC and, according to prosecutors, turned in campaign petitions with some 400 signatures in the failed attempt to collect the 10,000 needed for Gingrich's name to appear on the primary ballot last year. According to WVIR, nearly all of the signatures submitted by Derrebery were fake.
Prosecutors say she turned over stacks of signed and notarized forms to the Virginia Board of Elections containing roughly 400 signatures - nearly all of them fraudulent. "We don't know what was going on, and we are pursuing charges for the people who did something wrong here in Augusta, on Mr. Gingrich's primary election," said Rupen Shah, assistant commonwealth's attorney. Shah says there were similar problems in other parts of Virginia, where GOP candidates needed 10,000 valid petitioners to get on the ballot. Gingrich submitted more than that, but a quarter of the names could not be verified.
The report also notes that the "investigation is still active, and may result in additional arrests" and that Derrebery is cooperating with prosecutors and state police. WVIR says the "judge suspended all of her prison time". That is likely in exchange for her cooperation on the case. Her co-defendant, Adam Dustin Ward, faces a total of 42 criminal counts and will face a judge in June.
In late December of 2011, after Gingrich had failed to turn in enough valid signatures to qualify for the Virginia primary ballot, he was caught on video tape telling a supporter in Iowa that the reason for the failure was due to a campaign worker who created 1,500 fraudulent signatures.
"We turned in 11,100 --- we needed 10,000 --- 1,500 of them were by one guy who, frankly, committed fraud," Gingrich is seen and heard saying in video originally aired by CNN.
Clearly, the effort was by more than just "one guy," as Gingrich asserted at the time.
The former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives downplayed the incident, by explaining to the woman that the entire affair was "just a mistake," after they had "hired somebody who turned in false signatures."
In late January, an official at the Virginia State Board of Elections (SBE) described to The BRAD BLOG what had happened as "definitely an illegal act." He told us that the matter had been referred by the SBE to the office of VA's Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli (R). The Director of Communications for the office, Brian J. Gottstein, then confirmed to us that an investigation was "underway," though he could not disclose the details at that time...
Gingrich and GOP hypocrisy
As Chris Hayes, sitting in for MSNBC's Rachel Maddow noted at the time of the incident, citing a 2009 op-ed by Gingrich, the 1,500 acts of alleged election fraud committed on behalf of his campaign came straight from "from the Department of Shameless Schadenfreude."
Gingrich had joined his fellow Republicans years earlier in blasting the community organization ACORN for alleged "voter fraud" (which they never committed) in his op-ed, falsely claiming "ACORN has a long history of engaging in voter fraud."
But, of course, while a handful of ACORN's tens of thousands of voter registration workers turned in fraudulent signatures at various times over the years, there is no evidence that it was either condoned or ordered by ACORN themselves. Moreover, in almost every instance, when fraud by one of their workers was discovered, officials were notified of the fraudulent forms by ACORN themselves who also turned in the names of those workers to officials for prosecution.
There is no evidence that any illegal vote has ever been cast, in any election, due to an improper registration by any ACORN worker.
This handful of voter registration fraud (not "voter fraud", as Gingrich described it) incidents by ACORN workers was condemned by Gingrich and his fellow Republicans. Famously, during a 2008 Presidential debate, then GOP nominee John McCain described those cases as "one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country, maybe destroying the fabric of democracy."
Gingrich, McCain, Fox "News" and many others in the GOP opportunistically and inaccurately described the cases as "massive voter fraud". Yet, when 1,500 cases of actual fraud was apparently carried out by Gingrich's own campaign (and prosecutors indicate it may be more than that), he marginalized the matter as "just a mistake."
The Republican Party has continually misrepresented the ACORN worker cases in order to push for new laws requiring state-issued Photo ID at the polling place for voting, even though such laws would not deter the type of fraud they were accusing ACORN of committing. They are pushing for such laws not because it will deter incredibly rare acts of in-person impersonation at the polling place, but because those laws will disproportionately disenfranchise Democratic-leaning voters, such as minorities, students, the poor and the elderly.
At the time of Gingrich's caught-on-tape admission to his supporter about his campaign's own fraud, Mediate's Tommy Christopher aptly described what he admitted his campaign had done to be "arguably worse than what ACORN was accused of."
"ACORN was required, by law, to submit each and every voter registration that they gathered, no matter what, but unlike Gingrich," wrote Christopher, "ACORN reviewed and flagged tens of thousands of dodgy applications to make it easier for registrars to weed out the likes of Mickey [Mouse] and Donald [Duck]."
"ACORN had a much better ratio of valid registrations to fraudulent ones than Gingrich," Christopher also noted. "13% of Gingrich's signatures were bogus, while ACORN's error rate was around 1.5%, according to Project Vote. Most of the ACORN applications that were rejected were duplicates, not fraudulent ones."
Gingrich's 2009 op-ed was littered with other inaccuracies and scurrilous false charges, including what he described as ACORN's "illegal and illicit activities." When it came to his own campaign's actual "illegal and illicit activities," however, those were "just a mistake," as he described it to his supporter in the Iowa video. The ongoing criminal investigation by the Virginia Attorney General, however, has clearly determined otherwise.
The question now is: How many more arrests will there be and how high will they go? Given the recent record of the VA Attorney General however, and other Republican prosecutors in the state --- as detailed in our report earlier this week on felony charges just dropped against a GOP registration worker caught dumping registration forms into a dumpster just before last year's election --- we're not holding our breath. But we shall see what happens next.
Year of GOP Election Fraud
We documented, throughout the Presidential election cycle last year, the pervasive record of recent election fraud carried out by high-ranking Republicans, many of whom had previously been (inappropriately) critical of non-existent "voter fraud" by ACORN. See this article --- written last August when four U.S. House staffers of then Rep. Thaddeus McCotter (R-MI) were indicted on charges of ballot petition fraud almost identical to those which Gingrich's campaign worker has now pleaded guilty to --- for a quick summary of some of the most recent cases of alleged and/or confirmed voter fraud and election fraud by high-ranking Republicans such as Mitt Romney, Indiana Secretary of State Charlie White, the CA Republican Party, Rep. Todd Akin, James O'Keefe, Ann Coulter and several others.
* * *
Please support The BRAD BLOG's fiercely independent, award-winning coverage of your electoral system, as available from no other media outlet in the nation --- now in our TENTH YEAR! --- with a donation to help us keep going (Snail mail, more options here). If you like, we'll send you some great, award-winning election integrity documentary films in return! Details right here...
At the end of this month, we'll be lighting the virtual torch for the ROBLOX Winter Games 2014. This competitive event, powered by the new game universes technology, will feature games created by some of our top developers, a hub world specially built for the Games by none other than asimo3089, and leaderboards ranking you and your fellow competitors. While we're still finalizing the individual events, the hub world – a ski lodge that redefines the word “cozy” – is ready to go. You can be among the first to see it by watching the video below.
height="345" width="614" allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0">
The lodge is not only a place to hang out and talk with friends, but a launchpad to the individual games — you'll ride a gondola ski lift to your selected game. There will be several games running simultaneously, and we'll swap in new ones at the halfway point of the event. You'll find a global leaderboard for the Winter Games at the lodge, as well; if you're really skilled, the whole of ROBLOXia will know it.
Again, the big event starts at the very end of January. We'll have more news about it soon. Everyone is invited, so get your training gear on and start preparing today!
Kiev in Ukraine is a large industrial and cultural center. A millennial city full of history, incessant invasions and Orthodox traditions.
The term industrial and cultural city suggests the presence of urban art. Street art is everywhere in the Ukrainian capital. Monumental murals cover the walls of the capital city.
A graffiti containing the artistic codes of an orthodox icon, a child throwing paper airplanes into the air, a portrait of a protester killed on the “Maidan”, or a famous Ukrainian poet. Kiev's grey walls Illuminate over time.
One of the most famous artists of Kiev is Oleksandre Korban, aged 28 he fled his hometown, now in the hands of the pro-Separatists. . His mural, which depicts a little boy playing with paper planes, is dedicated to Lev, the son of a couple of friends who helped him in these “difficult times” to find refuge in the capital. In just one year, street art exploded in Kiev with the appearance on the walls of dozens of artworks created by Ukrainian and foreign street artists.
The poets' pen turned into flame spray paint to express political or philosophical messages.
The Australian street artist Guido Van Helten painted a portrait of the Ukrainian poet “Lessia Oukraïnka”, the Spanish artist Zosen Bandido drew mythic creatures inspired by Ukrainian folklore, the Ukrainian artist Oleksi Bordoussov created a mural entitled « The Ukrainian Saint George » … Most of these artworks openly carry a political message!
The Argentinian Franco Fasoli painted a person wearing a Ukrainian flag and surrounded by Molotov cocktails and hooded men. The Portuguese Alexander Farto represented « Serhi Nigoyan » the first victim killed by bullets during the people protest.
These graffiti and street art works are only the first of a long list to come. Several artists have launched “The City Art Project”, which aims to create an artistic zone in the city center. Municipal authorities and most residents support this trend. These new artworks go perfectly well with the new modern and European style of the city. Kiev is now a European capital of Street Art. Do not hesitate any more and visit this new open-sky museum.
Find more informations here:
Kiev Murals Map
Story highlights Politicians, activists and citizens nationwide in Kenya have condemned the attack
Kenyan lawmaker: "It is really sad that something of this nature would happen in this time and age"
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) A Kenyan woman's hands were butchered and she was left with injuries to her head after she was brutally attacked by her husband, who blamed her for not being able to conceive any children during their seven-year marriage.
Jackline Mwende's husband, Stephen Ngila, allegedly attacked her in their home with a machete on July 23, which also left her deaf in one ear. Her father told CNN that Ngila "threatened to shut her mouth for good before attacking her with a machete."
Police and members of the community began looking for Ngila the night the attack took place. He was arrested the following day after appearing at the hospital where Mwende was being treated.
Husband, not wife, had reproductive issues
While Ngila allegedly attacked her because they weren't able to have children, a hospital in Nairobi said Mwende was fertile and it was her husband who had reproductive issues, Daily Nation reported.
"..the doctors had said he was the one with issues, which could be corrected.."#JacklineMwende#domesticabuse pic.twitter.com/KxKxPx0X8Q — MilangoWazi (@MilangoWazi) August 2, 2016
More than 30 U.S.-backed Syrian and Iraqi Kurdish fighters were killed in a series of airstrikes carried out by Turkish jets on Monday, two American defense officials confirmed to Fox News.
Dozens of fighters were also wounded in the strikes. Both officials said there were no U.S. troops among the fighters who were hit. The closest U.S. soldiers were about six miles from the site of the strikes.
“This is very serious,” said one outraged U.S. official.
TERROR IN BRUSSELS: COPS ARREST EIGHT SUSPECTED ISIS MILITANTS WITH LINKS TO BOMBINGS THAT KILLED 32
U.S. and Russian troops in the areas of the attacks were warned about an hour before 24 Turkish jets and two Turkish drones bombed locations in northern Iraq and northeast Syria. Senior Russian officials contacted U.S. counterparts to try to get Turkey to back off the strikes, but those pleas were ignored by the Turks, officials said.
"This is very serious." — U.S. defense official
“Given the extraordinarily complex battlespace in these areas, it is vital that Turkey and all partners in the defeat-ISIS effort coordinate their actions closely as we work together to maintain maximum pressure on ISIS and ensure the safety of all Coalition personnel in theater,” Pentagon spokesman Maj. Adrian J.T. Rankine-Galloway told Fox News.
POST-ISIS, IRAQIS DEBATE PENTAGON TROOPS REMAINING IN THEIR COUNTRY
U.S. officials told Fox News that Kurds were not warned in advance of Turkish airstrike.
"There wasn't enough time," said one official.
State Department Deputy Spokesperson Mark Toner told reporters Tuesday the U.S. was concerned Turkey conducted the strikes without proper coordination and emphasized the importance of respecting Iraq's borders and sovereignty. Toner said U.S. officials had directly shared their concerns with Turkey.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan responded: “We are obliged to take measures. We must take steps. We shared this with the U.S. and Russia and we are sharing it with Iraq as well,” Reuters reported.
Earlier this month, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis hosted his Turkish counterpart, Fikri Isik, at the Pentagon for talks about the upcoming Raqqa offensive in Syria.
Both secretaries ignored a question from a reporter about the role Kurds would play in that operation.
There are currently about 1,000 U.S. troops on the ground in Syria. In March, 400 Marines deployed to Syria as part of an artillery battery to support U.S.-backed troops fighting around Raqqa.
The U.S. Air Force uses a Turkish airbase near the border with Syria to conduct strikes against ISIS.
Last week, Fox News reported ISIS leaders and hundreds of “bureaucrats” had been seen by U.S. military drones fleeing the terror group's so-called capital during the past two months and heading to the Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor, located 90 miles southeast of Raqqa. Some also fled to al-Mayadin, further down the Euphrates River and the location where U.S. special operations forces killed a mid-level associate of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi late last week.
The U.S. views the Syrian-Kurdish People's Protection Units, known as the YPG, as key allies in the fight against ISIS. Turkey views the group as an extension of the Kurdistan Worker's Party, or PKK, a Turkish insurgent group that has conducted a decades long insurgency that's killed thousands. Both Ankara and Washington consider the PKK a terrorist organization.
Turkish airstrikes hit PKK positions "on and around Mt. Sinjar" earlier in the day, resulting in five deaths, according to a statement from the Ministry of Peshmerga Affairs.
Fox News' Rich Edson contributed to this report.
LENS, France -- Arsene Wenger insists Arsenal still plan on spending "big money" this transfer window, if he can find the right player.
The Gunners have only made one major signing so far this summer by bringing in Granit Xhaka in a deal worth around £30 million, and Wenger is still searching for that elusive top-quality striker to strengthen his attack.
But while Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis told ESPN FC in an interview that the transfer window should not be seen as biggest key to the club's success, Wenger reassured fans that he is still looking to bring in reinforcements.
"I am sure my chief executive didn't want to dampen the expectations on that front," Wenger said after Arsenal's 1-1 draw at RC Lens in a preseason game on Friday. "We are very active, and if we find the right candidates we will spend big money. We have already spent big."
Arsene Wenger is known for making deals late in the transfer window. AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth
Aside from Xhaka, Arsenal have also brought in two promising young players in Japan striker Takuma Asano and English defender Rob Holding, whose transfer from Bolton was completed on Friday.
Wenger has been linked with a handful of top strikers in this transfer window -- including Gonzalo Higuain, Alexandre Lacazette and Mauro Icardi -- but said he would not discuss any names he's interested in.
However the Frenchman, who has become known for making late deals in the window, hinted that the club's dealings could drag out into August this time as well.
"It's not over. Today we are in July, and the transfer market finishes on the 31st of August. We know as well that a lot happens many times in the last week," Wenger said. "It's a long time to go, but we are active. We are working."
Share "There is no justice in this parliament" - Maimane pleads for South African democracy
"There is no justice in this parliament" - Maimane pleads for South African democracy South Africa must require more from its leaders
South Africa must require more from its leaders What was once a democratic parliament is now an ANC caucas willing to protect Zuma
Leader of the opposition, Mmusi Maimane was asked to leave the National Assembly Chamber in the Houses of Parliament, Cape Town during a quarterly Question and Answer session with President Jacob Zuma.
The first three questions Zuma was due to face can be seen below:
First three Qs to Zuma during #ZumaQandA in the National Assembly. 2pm pic.twitter.com/kWjHGXVIsR — Bash (@BashMjojo) 17 March 2016
Maimane's question was second on the list. Zuma responded by saying that the Constitution did not require him to consult anyone before he appointed or removed anyone from Minister or Deputy Ministerial roles. His full response can be seen here at 15:00.
Maimane then asked Zuma directly whether the Guptas, a family of Indian origin who have close ties to the Presidential family, had been acting with Presidential powers, specifically, if they had been offering ministerial positions to individuals in the African National Congress (ANC) or elsewhere. He then asked whether the President would be willing to take accountability and resign now, in front of the people of South Africa (18:25).
Zuma laughed at the question and then said all the ministers in the National Assembly have been appointed by him. If anyone had been offered a position by the Guptas, Maimane should ask the individual or the Guptas, it was none of his business.
The conversation then turned to the series of appointments made to the Minister of Finance position in December which had a devastating impact on the country's economy as investors lost confidence. Zuma claimed that the rand was on the decline before the dismissal of Nhlanhla Nene (26:00), causing Maimane to interrupt whilst Zuma was still on his feet. The Speaker of the House, Baleka Mbete, asked Maimane to take his seat again, at which point a series of repetitive volleys were exchanged as Maimane became increasingly frustrated, protesting that “South Africans need to know the truth”.
Twenty-eight minutes into the question and answer session, Maimane was warned that if he didn't take his seat he would be asked to leave, to which he responded “but I'm asking nicely! He's not answering the question”. At 28:36, Mbete ordered “Honourable Maimane, please leave the House, please leave”.
After a pause, the remaining members of his party, the Democratic Alliance (DA), stood to leave behind him, to cheers and whistles from the ANC. The House descended to the professional and emotional maturity of a schoolyard as the DA waved sarcastically on their way out, and the ANC made some…dismissive…hand gestures. Zuma, still standing at his lectern, could barely contain his amusement, chuckling into the microphone before stepping back out of earshot. Before he left, Maimane shouted, “You are protecting the Guptas”.
In an interview with Eyewitness News outside the House, Maimane said:
“How did the Guptas know before Nene was fired that there would be a position? The President averted my question. He is the head of government, he should know.”
When asked what the DA would do going forward, he declared that they would ask for a committee to investigate the entire Gupta family (he already laid criminal charges against them this morning), and that the DA would consider taking action against the President. As he said inside, Maimane repeated that “clearly the seat of power is no longer at Luthuli House [the ANC headquarters], it is at Saxonwold”. Saxonwold being the affluent Johannesburg suburb where the Gupta family reside. He stated again that the President is not being held to account for his actions.
Concerns about the influence of the Guptas have been growing for a while. The links are fairly plain: Bongi Ngema-Zuma, one of the President's wives, used to work for the Gupta-controlled JIC Mining Services as a communications officer; Duduzile Zuma, his daughter, was a director at Sahara Computers (the Gupta family business); and Duduzane Zuma, his son, is a director in multiple Gupta-owned companies. As well as computers, the family have interests in mining, air travel, energy, technology and media, but they do not figure on any continental rich list. However, there is no doubt that they are extremely wealthy: their estate in Saxonwold comprises at least four mansions. The estate is now valued at about ZAR52m.
They stirred the pot in 2013 after it emerged that a family plane carrying wedding guests landed at the Waterkloof Air Base near Pretoria, a base normally reserved for visiting heads of state and diplomatic delegations. They have also demanded diplomatic passports in the past, on the basis that they regularly travel with the Zumas, to “promote South Africa” abroad.
The direct inquiry from Maimane today comes after Deputy Minister Mcebisi Jonas released a statement in which he reveals that the influential Gupta family, offered him then-finance minister Nhlanhla Nene's job.
A similar allegation by the former ANC MP Vytjie Mentor had been made , where she claimed she was offered the key post of Public Enterprise minister, during a meeting at their Saxonworld mansion in 2010. Zuma's aides responded to her statement yesterday by claiming no knowledge of who she was.
The problem is, the Gupta family are very difficult to pin down. It's impossible to tell how much money, if any, they have donated to the governing party because political parties are not obliged to disclose donations, especially from private sources. Whilst the families are frequently seen together, it is very difficult to prove anything illicit is occurring between the two.
In an uncommon display of solidarity amongst the opposition, the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) also refused to participate in the QandA today although members were present. Their leader, Julius Malema, was quoted last month saying: “The Guptas must leave the country with immediate effect” and that the country could no longer afford to be held to ransom by one politically connected family that he labelled a “corrupt cartel” with “mafia” tendencies. The EFF had already withdrawn their questions to the President, deciding that they would not engage with him as they saw no value in doing so, and that they no longer recognise him as President.
Malema did, however, say that protesting or tweeting was a sign of laziness, and has instead advocated a call to arms to go to war against the Guptas. Similarly, he threatened all Gupta-linked entities, namely the New Age newspaper and television news channel ANN7, saying they were propaganda machines and would no longer be allowed to cover any EFF events as their safety could not be guaranteed. This is an alarming proposal, to say the least, that will neither solve Gupta-gate nor restore justice to South Africa's parliament.
It is hard not to share Maimane's frustration and sadness. Today was symbolic in showing that what remains of a once democratic parliament is an ANC caucas who are willing to protect Zuma. He has, in effect, captured the whole thing. And whilst individual unofficial appointments are concerning, Zuma's relationship with the Guptas is merely a symptom of a bigger corruption crisis in South Africa. The ANC is no longer the party who serve the people but an organisation who exist only to serve President Zuma.
As the ANC's own Finance Minister, Pravin Gordhan, said, South Africa must require more from its leaders.
“There are many parts of transacting between government and business which have gone seriously wrong and if we don't stop it, we're going to become a kleptocracy.”
Olivia Archdeacon is a Assistant Editor of CapX
Share
Chicago police said a 19-year-old man was shot in the city's Englewood neighborhood Thursday afternoon.Residents who live in the neighborhood said they heard three or four shots, which may have come from a passing vehicle targeting a group of people standing beneath a tree. Police have cordoned off the screen.The shooting happened around 4 p.m. in the 5800-block of South Peoria Street.The man was shot in the chest and taken to Stroger Hospital, according to police. Details about his condition were not released. People on the block said the wound may have been closer to the man's armpit, and that he was conscious and talking when help arrived.Police said a child also sustained an injury to their back that they do not, at this time, believe to be a gunshot wound. Information about the nature of the injury, or the child's age or gender, is not yet available.In addition, there are reports of a second child hurt about three blocks from the shooting scene. Officials said a 2-year-old was grazed by a bullet near 56th and Green and was taken to Comer Children's Hospital.It is unclear if the two scenes are connected. A Chicago police investigation is ongoing.
There's bad news to come in Google's earnings call later today. But the news was supposed to come a few hours later, and with a presumably sunny quote from CEO Larry Page.
That's not how it went down, however. Somebody at the search giant filed its earnings with the SEC early, and the press release is clearly a version not meant for public distribution—it's marked "PENDING LARRY QUOTE" at the top.
The earnings themselves are pretty terrible. The company earned $2.74 billion during the third quarter, as opposed to $3.06 billion during the same quarter last year. That's $9.03 in earnings per share, well below analysts' expectations of $10.65 per share.
Google stock dropped almost $70 on the accidentally released news, hitting $687.30 per share before the company halted trading.
The search giant blamed the news leak on the financial printing company it works with, RR Donnelley. RR Donnelley stock dropped about five percent before climbing back, probably due to investors assuming the company would lose a big customer, get sued, or both. Facebook stock is also down nearly four percent today on news of the poor Google results (the Google drop indicates online ad revenue is down, and that doesn't bode well for Facebook either).
Google has said that once the earnings release is "finalized" the company will release its earnings, resume trading, and hold its earnings call as scheduled at 1:30 PM Pacific Time.
The screw-up took place while the company was trying to focus press attention on a different event: in San Francisco, Google was showing off its new $249 Chromebook.
The Google slide appears to be part of a wider slump today in the technology sector. Bloomberg reports that tech stocks on the S&P 500 dropped 1.4 percent overall; in addition to the Facebook fall, Apple slid 1.8 percent and IBM dropped 2.6 percent.
Ever since we saw the suit of a dead Robin in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, fans have debated as to which Robin it actually was. Jason Todd was the obvious choice, and now it's official! In a new video from Warner Bros. Studio Tour Hollywood, tour guide John confirms that the dead Robin is in fact Jason Todd (1:33 mark).
Advertisement
Update 05/22/16: For some reason the video was pulled from their Facebook page, but you can read the full quote below.
“This was one of the big things from Batman v Superman, right across this way. The Jason Todd Robin suit. Spray painted on the front ‘Ha ha. The joke's on you Batman'. Those of you that know the storyline, know what happened to this Robin,” John explained.
“Twenty years in Gotham, how many good guys are left?” #BatmanvSuperman pic.twitter.com/3jyC9j48gS — Batman v Superman (@BatmanvSuperman) April 27, 2016
In the comics, Jason Todd's Robin is killed by the Joker. He was eventually resurrected and came back as the Red Hood, an antihero who isn't afraid to kill. It's rumored that this Red Hood storyline could be used in Ben Affleck's solo Batman movie.
SOURCE: Warner Bros. Studio Tour
ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) Six Japanese tourists and a South Korean driver were injured in a bus accident on Monday (February 20) in South Korean capital, Seoul. The bus, carrying 16 Japanese passengers and a South Korean tour guide, was travelling from Incheon International Airport to Seoul. Video footage from Seodaemun Fire Station showed the damaged bus and car. Authorities said the bus crashed into a car while turning on the slippery road . Seodaemun Fire Station said the South Korean driver of the damaged car was seriously injured and was taken to a hospital. Seoul's Yonsei University Hospital said six Japanese women paid a visit to the Accident and Emergencies unit on Monday night - one woman suffered from a bone fracture and five others had bruises.
You can add Microsoft's Office 365 to the list of your favourite services that has become costlier in India amid the Indian government's rollout of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
All the individual consumer-facing Office 365 SKUs: Home, Personal, and Student, are now a little costlier in India, according to invoices reviewed by Gadgets 360. A customer who purchased Office 365 Home from Microsoft's official store, for instance, was required to pay Rs. 4,199 (with no visible taxes) for a yearly subscription of Office 365 last year, a figure that remained unchanged until early-January of this year.
Microsoft later revised the price of this tier in January to Rs. 4,619, a ten percent hike in the pricing. Then in April, Microsoft's official store started to include applicable taxes, which at the time were 15 percent, as required by the government. Those applicable taxes were revised to 18 percent last month, following the rollout of GST by the Indian government, the company confirmed to Gadgets 360.
As a result of this, a yearly-subscription of Office 365 Home now costs Rs. 5,450.40, a nearly 18 percent hike in the price in the expense. Thus overall, after the price increase and following the increase in taxes, the cost of Office 365 Home (and other Office 365 subscriptions) to customers in India have increased by up to 24 percent in the first half of this year. The monthly subscription cost of Office 365 Home, similarly, adds Rs. 82.80 on top of the original sticker price of Rs. 460.
It appears that the issue isn't limited to a surge in prices, but also extends to how Microsoft informed its customers about it. One Office 365 customer, who was surprised to spot the additional charge in the billing last month, was unhappy with the unannounced change. He said the company should have communicated it clearly that it was going to increase the prices.
"Microsoft certainly could have communicated the change in applicable taxes to its existing Office 365 Home subscriber base better," Tushar Kanwar, a Bengaluru-based technology columnist told Gadgets 360.
The price of Office 365 Personal, which currently has a retail price listed as Rs. 3,629 on the website, requires a customer to pay tax worth Rs. 653.22 on the yearly subscription purchase. The monthly subscription, which costs Rs. 360 as per the website, would end up costing customers Rs. 424.80.
Office Home & Student 2016, which is targeted at school and college going audience, similarly requires an additional charge of Rs. 1,241.82, on its listed Rs 6,899.00 yearly sticker price.
"Indian consumers can buy Office 365 subscriptions through many different channels, including Microsoftstore.com where the current price for an Office 365 Home subscription per user per year is Rs. 4619 plus applicable taxes," a Microsoft spokesperson told Gadgets 360. "We periodically assess our prices to align to changing market forces. The price of Office 365 on Microsoftstore.com has not changed since January 2017 when we increased it by 10%."
A chartered accountant explained how software services are impacted with GST. "Rates for purchasing Web-based applications, electronic downloads, charges for use of licensed software, were earlier taxed at 15 percent service tax and these services now fall under the 18 percent GST (residual rate)," Preeti Khurana, a chartered accountant who works with e-filing platform for income tax returns ClearTax told Gadgets 360.
"There is therefore a direct increase of 3 percent in cost for consumers. But it is notable that GST paid on these purchases (made for the purpose of business) can be availed as input credit by the buyer," she added. You can find more about GST in our podcast.
The rollout of GST has impacted several popular services. Citing GST, Apple, for instance, said last month it will be increasing iCloud prices in India. Netflix's prices remain unchanged in India as the company absorbs the tax.
Microsoft services are available through various channels. Several of which, including Amazon India, still continue to sell Office 365 at older prices. So perhaps if you're planning to purchase Office 365 in the coming months, that's something you should keep in mind.
Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.
Former heavyweight Daniel Cormier may be a win away from a shot at UFC light-heavyweight title. But he thinks his next fight could be tougher than an actual bout with reigning champion Jon Jones.
Cormier (13-0 MMA, 2-0 UFC), one of MMA's sharper minds and a current FOX Sports MMA analyst, co-headlines UFC 170 when he meets ex-champ Rashad Evans (19-3-1 MMA, 14-3-1 UFC). Cormier, a former NCAA Division I national wrestling runner-up and 2008 U.S. Olympic team captain, makes his 205-pound debut at the pay-per-view show, which takes place Feb. 22 at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay Events Center.
Cormier said there are numerous reasons to believe Evans would be a tougher fight than Jones (19-1 MMA, 13-1 UFC). It's a bold statement considering Jones has recorded a record six straight UFC light-heavyweight title defenses and is currently ranked No. 1 in the USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie MMA pound-for-pound rankings.
But Cormier insists there's a reason for his belief. In addition to formerly training with Evans, which gave him some valuable intel, Cormier believes he'll be harder to get to the mat.
“I don't mind wrestling a guy with long limbs because I can get to their legs,” Cormier said. “Rashad doesn't kick as much, and kicking actually feeds your opponent the leg. Jon kicks more, so that's easier to grab takedowns.”
Cormier also considers Evans' one-punch power more of a threat than Jones'.
Check out the full breakdown above.
And for the latest on UFC 170, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
Red Velvet & SHINee Are Reportedly Preparing For Their Comebacks
On August 14th, Segye Ilbo and Sports Seoul reported that Red Velvet and SHINee are preparing for their respective comebacks.
SHINee‘s last comeback was the release of their 4th Repackaged Album titled “Married to the Music” which came out in August of last year. This comeback announcement marks approximately a year since their last comeback. The group members have since been focused on their individual activities – as Minho has been filming for the upcoming K-drama titled “Hwarang,” Taemin has been making solo music releases and participating in Mnet‘s “Hit The Stage,” Key will be making his official acting debut in “Drinking Solo“…etc.
Red Velvet‘s last comeback was the release of their 2nd Mini Album titled “The Velvet” with leading title track, “One of These Nights” – which came out in March of this year. On May 26th 2016, SM Entertainment announced that the girl group is in the midst of preparing for their second comeback this year and it is expected to be released in the summer. Let's pray and hope that SM Entertainment won't turn their backs on us, fans, and delay this comeback.
Let us know if you are excited about their comebacks or not in the comments below. Stay tuned with Officially KMusic as we bring you the latest news from Korean Entertainment!
Source: Naver | sportsseoul | imgur
Edited by: Tiffany Tse
Comments
comments
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Almost a quarter of voters in Iceland have signed a petition against plans to repay money lost by foreigners when an Icelandic online bank collapsed. The petition urges the president to veto the bill that allows the move, and calls for a referendum on the issue. Iceland's parliament has approved the plans to reimburse 3.8bn euros (£3.4bn) lost by Dutch and British savers when the Icesave scheme failed in 2008. Many taxpayers say they are being made to pay for the bank's mistakes. The compensation amounts to some 12,000 euros for each citizen on the island nation of 320,000. Staggering payments A poll taken in August suggested that 70% of Icelanders were against the deal, which was approved by Parliament earlier this week. More than 56,000 - about 23% of Iceland's voters - signed the petition urging President Olaf Ragnar Grimsson not to sign the bill. HAVE YOUR SAY I was one of the first to sign this petition. This is such a serious matter that any agreement must be made with the general public Michael J Clarke, Akureyri, Iceland Magnus Arni Skulason, one of the organisers of the petition, compared the repayment to financing the country's health service. "We were able to represent our arguments to the president, and also on the occasion we handed over a petition to ask the president to reject the current Icesave bill," he told the BBC. "The interest rate on the Icesave agreement for Iceland is like running the National Health Service of Iceland for six months." The Icelandic government had threatened to resign if the deal was rejected by MPs. "Approving the bill is the better option and will avoid even more economic damage," Finance Minister Steingrimur Sigfusson said during the debate. Icesave - the internet arm of Icelandic bank Landsbanki, which offered high interest rates - failed in October 2008. An original agreement negotiated with the British and Dutch governments was approved in August. But subsequent amendments negotiated by the prime minister were rejected in both countries, forcing a fresh vote. Under the new deal the money - which represents 40% of the country's GDP - will be repaid gradually, staggered until 2024. We asked you for your comments on this story. Please find a selection of your views here .
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The same liberal media that tout women's rights, gender equality, equal pay, the freedom for a woman to express herself by choosing how to dress, is the same media now pushing the narrative that "modest" Islamic fashion is the hottest style to hit the catwalks.
Yes. For the moment, The New York Times has thrown their feminist beliefs out the window, opting to promote a fashion that is often viewed as oppressive to women because it forces them to cover their entire body and face for fear of receiving unwanted glances from anyone other than their husbands.
Times writer Jori Finkel's article, “The Fashion of Islam' to Arrive at de Young in 2018” gushes about the de Young Museum in San Francisco crossing a fashion barrier – going from gowns and glam from Oscar de la Renta and Jean Paul Gaultier –to the hijabs and headscarves worn by Muslim women.
The show, “The Fashion of Islam” is the first major show for the museum's new director, Max Hollein, who says:
“There are probably people who don't even think there is fashion in Islam...But if you look at Saudi Arabia, Dubai and Beirut, the fashion is really vibrant, and it can speak to larger political and social developments, cultural understanding and misunderstandings.”
Finkel's article even shows the photo of a woman's covered face with the caption, “A fashion item from Iran, where many women in the southern part of the country are wearing different kinds of face and head coverings.” It sounds as if it's the newest trend.
Finkel says Mr. Hollein's idea is “…to approach the subject from different perspectives, examining how Islamic styles are shaped by seemingly polar opposites: religious beliefs, which seek to avoid any appearance of extravagance and arrogance, or calling attention to oneself, and global fashion trends.”
The museum will also display Islamic streetwear and sportswear, and address the burkini ban issues that put France in hot water over the summer, while another section of the museum will display more historical and traditional examples of Muslim dress.
[HT: Weasel Zippers]
In 1876, Thomas Edison patented the electric pen. Two decades later, a New Yorker named Samuel O'Reilly modified Edison's invention to create the first tattoo machine. Neither had the faintest idea how TOTALLY GROSS all that business looks in slow motion.
Watching someone get tattooed can always be a little wince-inducing, but this clip of Parisian tattoo artist Guet at work is something decidedly more grotesque. In exquisite slo-mo, we see the rig's electromagnetically powered needles making taut skin dimple like a trampoline and billow like a freshly laundered bedsheet. It's sort of like those replays you see of boxers where their faces move independently of their skulls after a blow to the head. Unmoored from what-you-can-see-with-your-eyeballs time, the body can appear to move in all sorts of unnatural ways.
The video does, however, serve as a reminder that tattooing is a deeply impressive craft. It's cool to get a close-up view of this complex little rig as it pumps ink into someone's skin. Watching it, you can't help but be struck by how unique the tattoo machine is, as an artistic tool. Then you remember what canvas it's drawing on, and the whole thing is just gross again.
The Science Behind 'Beatboxing'
Acoustical analysis reveals the anatomy behind the fascinating array of sounds people can make.
Charles Q. Choi, Contributor
(Inside Science) -- Using the mouth, lips, tongue and voice to generate sounds that one might never expect to come from the human body is the specialty of the artists known as beatboxers. Now scientists have used scanners to peer into a beatboxer as he performed his craft to reveal the secrets of this mysterious art.
The human voice has long been used to generate percussion effects in many cultures, including North American scat singing, Celtic lilting and diddling, and Chinese kouji performances. In southern Indian classical music, konnakol is the percussive speech of the solkattu rhythmic form. In contemporary pop music, the relatively young vocal art form of beatboxing is an element of hip-hop culture.
Until now, the phonetics of these percussion effects were not examined in detail. For instance, it was unknown to what extent beatboxers produced sounds already used within human language.
To learn more about beatboxing, scientists analyzed a 27-year-old male performing in real-time using MRI. This gave researchers "an opportunity to study the sounds people produce in much greater detail than has previously been possible," said Shrikanth Narayanan, a speech and audio engineer at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. "The overarching goals of our work drive at larger questions related to the nature of sound production and mental processing in human communication, and a study like this is a small part of the larger puzzle."
Related Multimedia: Watch and listen to beatboxing examples
The investigators made 40 recordings each lasting 20-40 seconds long as the beatboxer produced all the effects in his repertoire, as individual sounds, composite beats, rapped lyrics, sung lyrics and freestyle combinations of these elements. He categorized 17 distinct percussion sounds into five instrumental classes — kick drums, rim shots, snare drums, hi-hats, and cymbals. The artist demonstrated his repertoire at several different tempos, ranging from slower at roughly 88 beats per minute, to faster at 104.
"We were astonished by the complex elegance of the vocal movements and the sounds being created in beatboxing, which in itself is an amazing artistic display," Narayanan said. "This incredible vocal instrument and its many capabilities continue to amaze us, from the intricate choreography of the 'dance of the tongue' to the complex aerodynamics that work together to create a rich tapestry of sounds that encode not only meaning but also a wide range of emotions."
"It is absolutely amazing that a person can make these sounds — that a person has such control over the timing of various parts of the speech apparatus," said phonetician Donna Erickson at the Showa University of Music and Sophia University, both in Japan, who did not participate in this study. "It is very exciting to see how far technology has come — that we can see these movements in real time. It gives us a much better understanding of how the various parts of our speech anatomy work."
The data suggest that "the sounds used by our beatboxing artist mirror those found in the diverse sound systems of the world's many languages," said researcher Michael Proctor, a linguist and speech scientist at the University of Western Sydney in Australia.
The scientists found the beatboxer, a speaker of American English and Panamanian Spanish, was able to generate a wide range of sound effects that do not appear in either of the languages he spoke. Instead, they appeared similar to clicks seen in African languages such as Xhosa from South Africa, Khoekhoe from Botswana, and !Xóõ from Namibia, as well as ejective consonants — bursts of air generated by closing the vocal cords — seen in Nuxálk from British Columbia, Chechen from Chechnya and Hausa from Nigeria and other countries in Africa.
"A key finding of our work is to show that we can describe the basic sounds used by the artist with the same system used to describe speech sounds, which suggests that there is a common inventory of sounds that are drawn upon to create any vocal expression," Proctor said.
The research also sheds light on the human ability to emulate sounds, and on how the human instincts for music and language can overlap and converge. Also, "learning more about beatboxing and other forms of vocal musical expression may offer insights into novel future speech therapy," Narayanan said.
"It would be interesting to see if even more unusual sounds could be both imitated and incorporated," said speech scientist Doug Whalen at Yale University, who did not take part in this research. In addition, "it would be nice to know how the beatboxer came by his inventory, and how long it took him to find the articulations that satisfied him. Were they quickly found? Or quite difficult?"
One goal of future research is to image more of the tongue and palate to provide more details of the mechanics of beatboxing. "It is very humbling to realize that we still don't fully understand some of these fundamental human capabilities," Narayanan said.
In addition, further studies will examine other practitioners of vocal percussion. One goal is to explore how some beatboxers can create the illusion of multiple instruments, or make percussive noises while simultaneously humming or speaking.
Proctor, Narayanan and their colleagues detailed their findings in the Journal of the Acoustical Society of America.
A transgender prisoner sued the Florida Department of Corrections on Monday to demand hormone treatments that she said were promised when she pleaded guilty to attempted second-degree murder.
The suit filed in federal court in Tallahassee says Reiyn Keohane, 22, is receiving cruel and unusual punishment because she needs the hormone treatments to avoid depression. Since being incarcerated in men's prisons, she has tried to hang herself and attempted to castrate herself.
"This treatment is absolutely necessary to my ability to mentally function," Keohane wrote in one grievance to prison officials. "Without it I consider self-harm and suicide every single day. It is the only thing that matters in my life in this moment."
Keohane was arrested in September 2013, one month after beginning hormone treatments. Her decision to plead guilty to stabbing her roommate was motivated by a promise that hormone treatments would continue while she was in prison, according to the lawsuit filed on her behalf by the American Civil Liberties Union.
Keohane was sentenced to 15 years for the attack in Fort Myers.
Keohane has felt she was born with the wrong gender since she was 12 and began seeing therapists when she was 13. By age 14, she began living as a female. She legally changed her name when she was 17 and began hormone therapy when she was 19.
The lawsuit also complains that female underwear was taken from her when she was transferred to a new prison and officials refused to return them. The suit seeks to force the department to let her wear female clothing and to grow her hair so she can style it as a woman would. Her prison mug shot shows her with a crew cut.
"I am a transgender female and am not comfortable wearing male underwear — it is a discrimination on the basis of sex or gender to force a person to act in a certain way because of their sex," Keohane wrote in another complaint to prison officials.
The Department of Corrections said it hadn't yet received the lawsuit.
While Republicans keep putting the defibrillation paddles on their attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, the legislation seems to be as dead as a cancer patient who lost his health care in the pre-ACA era. And as many derided Republican attempts to pass a replacement plan, titled the American Health Care Act, as a "health care" bill, similar skepticism should be reserved for GOP's next agenda item: tax reform.
"This isn't a healthcare bill. It's really a tax cut," Charles Pierce of Esquire wrote of what quickly became known as Trumpcare. "This bill is not concerned with providing affordable health insurance to the most people. It is a designed to give a massive tax cut to the wealthiest Americans."
Advertisement:
The same point needs to be made when it comes to Republicans' plans for "tax reform." If it's based at all on the "Better Way" plan created by House Speaker Paul Ryan, then there is no doubt it will not be true tax reform. Instead, it will just be a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans.
“It's really remarkable how, across so many different issues, Republicans are essentially trying to find a way to give tax cuts to the wealthy," Harry Stein, the director of fiscal policy for the Center for American Progress, told Salon. Stein argued that beyond tax reform, whatever idea that the Republicans under Trump and Ryan roll out — for child care, for infrastructure, for health care — will have a lot of high-minded rhetoric, but ultimately will end up being little more than a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans and for corporations.
Stein is the author of a new paper for the Center for American Progress that calls on congressional representatives to draw a red line at tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations.
"If any legislation cuts taxes for corporations or the wealthiest Americans by even $1, lawmakers should vote no," Stein suggests.
This reasoning may seem a bit harsh, but, as Stein argued, a lot of our country's economic problems stem from our already too-low tax rates on wealthy Americans and corporations. According to Stein, there's substantial reason to believe bigger tax cuts will only make things worse.
Ryan believes slashing taxes for the wealthiest Americans, on the other hand, will grow the economy. And while he takes pains to avoid the phrase "trickle down", that's inherent to his arguments. "Here's the point of our tax plan. Grow jobs. Get this economy growing. Raise wages," Ryan said on "60 Minutes" in December.
Advertisement:
“If you believe that lowering the top tax rate is the secret sauce to growing the economy, then that effect has been invisible," Stein said of Ryan's economic philosophy. As his paper lays out, the real correlation is between higher taxes on wealthy people and corporations and economic growth. And while correlation doesn't equal causation, Stein suggested there are a few reasons to believe that higher taxes on the rich leads to better economic outcomes for lower and middle class people.
To begin with, cutting taxes for the rich is expected to lead to the slashing of social programs, from education to Medicare to Social Security, that middle and lower income people depend on.
“The sequence that people like Paul Ryan want to use here is to cut taxes for the wealthy or corporations, and then point to deficits that are caused by those tax cuts, and say we have a fiscal crisis, so we have to cut Social Security or Medicare and Medicaid," Stein explained. But even if those programs remain untouched — unlikely, given what we know about Republican hostility towards government spending — there's reason to believe lowering taxes on the rich is inherently damaging to the pocketbooks of ordinary Americans.
“While low taxes don't help the economy, they do help the rich get richer," Stein explained, and that leads to greater income inequality. “What we've seen is when inequality goes up, consumer purchasing power goes down and the economy becomes unstable," Stein added. Buying a house, paying for child care, paying for college, and saving for retirement are all likely to become too expensive for middle class people to afford, and instead start turning into expensive luxuries for the wealthiest Americans.
Advertisement:
Buying a house, paying for child care, paying for college, and saving for retirement are all likely to become too expensive for middle-class people to afford, turning traditional hallmarks of American life into expensive luxuries reserved for only the wealthiest Americans.
Additionally, there's reason to believe that low taxes on rich people can contribute to lower wages for ordinary workers. "There's good research that skyrocketing CEO pay is a direct result of tax cuts for the wealthy," Stein explained. When CEOs have low taxes and corporations can exploit tax loopholes to offer management huge compensation packages, a larger amount of that company's money goes into management compensation, Stein pointed out. In turn, a lot less of the tax savings actually goes to the workers.
“A tax system that doesn't let the wealthy avoid taxes would be a tax system where even before people pay taxes, there's a more equitable distribution, where workers are getting a larger cut of a company's earnings," Stein explained.
Advertisement:
Unfortunately, fighting off a Republican tax cut for the rich may be more of a lift than killing the health care repeal bill was. The message that Republicans are going to strip you of your health care was a straightforward political message that was easy to communicate to voters across the country. The relationship between stagnating wages and tax rates is a bit harder of a sell.
The relationship between stagnating wages and tax rates is a bit harder of a sell.
Still, there's reason to believe that the same grassroots forces that derailed the health care repeal have a real chance at killing off a potential tax cut for the rich. For instance, most voters instinctively understand that when the rich hoard all the money for themselves, there's not much left over for the rest of us. According to a 2015 Gallup poll, 62 percent of survey respondents believe the rich pay too little in taxes and 69 percent believe that corporations pay too little.
Advertisement:
Progressive groups will have an easier time, of course, if Democrats stiffen their spines and tell the Republicans that they will refuse to vote yes on any bill, be it a "child care" bill or a "tax reform" bill, that is really just a tax cut for the rich in disguise. A red line must be drawn.
