Factions
Some factions were deleted from the previous CS, or it's unused content:
- Please add :Guerrilla Warfare (T) : They are in all CS except CS:GO."A terrorist faction founded in the Middle East, this group has a reputation for ruthlessness. Their disgust for the American lifestyle was demonstrated in their 1982 bombing of a school bus full of Rock and Roll musicians."Arctic Avengers (T) : They are in all CS except CS:GO."Swedish terrorist faction founded in 1977. Famous for their bombing of the Canadian embassy in 1990."Yakuza (T) : They are in CS:CZ:DE."Yakuza are members of traditional organized crime syndicates in Japan. The Japanese Kidotai have had a long, dreadful history with them."Midwest Militia (T) : They are is CS:CZ, CS:CZ:DE, CSX, CS:O."The Midwest Militia is a right-wing extremist movement consisting of formal and informal armed paramilitary groups. This anti-government group was founded in 1993 after a standoff in Waco, Texas."Georgian Riot Police (CT) : They were removed from CS:GO."Fearing a coup d'etat during opposition demonstrations in the capital city of Tbilisi in 2007, the Georgian government dispatched the heavily armored Riot Polis to disperse the crowd. Met with resistance, the security forces used considerable force in disrupting protestors and silencing seditious media outlets."Kidotai (CT) : They were in CS:CZ:DE and CS:X."The Japanese Kidotai are special riot units in Japan used for crowd control and response to large public disturbances. They were formed after riots at the Imperial Palace in 1952. They are one of the two Police units in the Counter-Strike series, the other being the American SWAT team."Spetsnaz (CT) : They were in CS:X, CS:CZ, CS:CZ:DE, CS:O."The primary missions of the Russian Spetsnaz are acquiring intelligence on major economic or military installations and either destroying them or putting them out of action, organizing acts of sabotage or subversion, carrying out punitive operation against rebels, and forming and training insurgency detachments."
Miami FC falls short in penalties; New York Cosmos advance to NASL final
Playoffs are a funny thing. In American sports, playoffs separate the weak from the strong. The contenders from the pretenders. Yet somehow, they also have a way of allowing the underdog to rise to the occasion and steal the spotlight time and time again. Miami FC could have played their very last game and the North American Soccer League modern record for goals, wins, points, and differential could not have saved them.
The crowd arrived late but those who that arrived early were treated to the buildup in excitement that is meaningful soccer. As the game began it was a heavy dose of Miami early on. In the 9th minute, Freeman found Rennella on a cross, but the header was off target. Five minutes later, the ball landed at the feet of Stefano Pinho who had Jimmy Maurer on an island but sailed his attempt high above the crossbar.
The teams would trade a few chances in the first half with most of the efforts off target from both clubs. Despite entering the half at zero a piece, the crowd was building and they could sense there was yet another level of soccer to be reached. The Miami faithful were loud and respondent as the second half kicked off.
New York would get the first crack at a goal in the second half as a shot from distance goes way of target. In the 53rd minute, Jaime Chavez played a Rabona to a streaking Renella whose shot just skirted outside the far post. After some sloppy play, Miami would call upon their knight in shining armor, Kwadwo Poku entered the match for Rennella in the 71st minute.
Poku would force the Cosmos to change their tactics immediately as he began causing problems moving about the field with fresh legs. As if his legs weren't difficult enough to defend, Miami brought on Ariel Martinez in the 81st minute for a depleted Dylan Mares. The super sub and work-horse would pair up for a few chances through-out the half but could not convert to send Miami into the final.
Extra time
After 90 minutes of play on a beautiful night in Miami, the Cosmos would kick off the first of two periods in extra time. The next fifteen minutes were marred with cramps and injury breaks as players felt the effects of going past full time. In the 97th minute, Eugene Starikov got himself free thanks to Lucky Mkosana but a shot that seemed destined for the back of the net clanged off the back post. The best chance of the night for Miami fell on Blake Smith's foot as he got alone with Maurer. Maurer managed to make an incredible save by, well, sitting on the ball with his backside.
The second half of extra time was all New York as the Blues defended with their lives for the majority of the half. The Cosmos earned numerous corners each defended with ferocity not allowing the Cosmos to steal the game in the dying moments. It wouldn't be long for the referee to blow extra time over and on we went to penalties.
For what it's worth, Miami had never been in a penalty shootout in the young history of the club. Most of the penalty attempts in the first year of the club were handled by now-Banfield striker Dario Cvitanich. In the offseason, Miami went out of their way to sign Rayo OKC goal scorer and penalty specialist Michel.
Naturally Michel would be the first to take a penalty. After converting 7 from the spot last year, Michel was stuffed by Maurer. The next 8 penalties would go on to convert as Miami had Poku, Martinez, Chavez, and Pinho convert. The Cosmos had it all there for the taking as they were perfect going into the final attempt. After a questionably short run up Juan Guerra attempted a Panenka, however, Daniel Vega had it tracked the whole way. Freeman would convert in sudden death followed by Mkosana. Miami had run through its favorable penalty takers as Mason Trafford would come to the spot. Maurer would come up huge again and make the save on Trafford. Daniel Vega would not be so lucky as Starikov found the back of the net and sent the Cosmos to the NASL Finals.
Miami has had two monumental defeats this season and both have a similar feeling to them. Many Miami fans still have a bad taste in their mouth from the FC Cincinnati loss in the Open Cup. The loss to the Cosmos tonight feels just about the same if not worse, knowing that the future is unclear. With the NASL's lawsuit falling short of reaching the mandatory injunction, there is a possibility that this penalty shootout will be the final memory of a very memorable season. That's a shame.
Images courtesy The Miami FC
In the "High on Alcohol" special edition of "Drugged," viewers were presented with a story that was both a tragedy and a cautionary tale. Ryan, a 28-year-old alcoholic, drank three pints of vodka a day. Ryan turned to alcohol when his father, who was also an alcoholic, passed away four years ago.
In just four years, Ryan has done severe damaged to his body, and yet he seems fully aware of the danger he's in, and oddly accepting of the inevitable.
"My organs are shot. They hurt every day," he said at one point. "It would be weird feeling if they didn't." And yet still he wouldn't stop drinking.
While Ryan did agree to and enter rehab at the end of filming, he died just 17 days into treatment.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ms Zschaepe's trial is part of a wider issue that has gripped Germany
An alleged member of a German neo-Nazi cell has gone on trial in Munich in connection with a series of racially motivated murders.
Beate Zschaepe, 38, is accused of being part of the National Socialist Underground (NSU), which killed 10 people, most of them of Turkish origin.
She denies the murder charges. Critics say the police made serious errors.
The judge later adjourned the trial for a week after the defence team accused the judge of bias.
After entering court, Ms Zschaepe stood with folded arms and turned her back on the camera.
Her lawyers lodged a legal complaint with the judge, accusing him of bias. They complained about being searched for possible weapons or other objects on arrival, while prosecutors and police were not. The judge ordered an adjournment until 14 May to consider the complaint.
The NSU case sparked controversy as police wrongly blamed the Turkish mafia before discovering the far-right cell.
The head of Germany's domestic intelligence service was eventually forced to resign over the scandal. It also emerged that intelligence files on far-right extremists were destroyed after the cell's activities came to light.
Four male defendants are also on trial with Ms Zschaepe, facing lesser charges of having helped the NSU.
She faces life in prison if convicted.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption This police video shows alleged neo-Nazi Beate Zschaepe in an identity parade.
Critics have accused authorities of turning a blind eye to the crimes of right-wing extremists, the BBC's Steve Evans reports from Munich.
Officials deny this, saying mistakes occurred because the murders were spread across different regions, each with different police and security agencies.
The killings took place over a seven-year period, and none of the victims or locations was high-profile.
Execution-style killings
Ethnic Turkish community groups and anti-racism campaigners demonstrated outside the courthouse on Monday, demanding justice. Some suspect the police of institutional racism which may have helped the neo-Nazis to act with impunity, our correspondent says.
Before the trial got under way a large crowd of journalists had gathered outside, along with dozens of people hoping to get seats in the court. About 500 police officers were deployed and nearby streets were cordoned off.
Ms Zschaepe, as a founding member of the NSU, is charged with complicity in the murders of eight ethnic Turks, a Greek immigrant and a German policewoman between 2000 and 2007.
She is also accused of involvement in 15 armed robberies, of arson, and of attempted murder via two bomb attacks.
Prosecutors say the aim of the execution-style killings was to spread fear among immigrants and prompt them to leave Germany.
Her lawyers say she is refusing to speak in court. Only the trial opening was broadcast, in line with German legal restrictions.
The four male defendants are:
Ralf Wohlleben, 38, and Carsten Schultze, 33, accused of being accessories to murder in the killing of the nine men - they allegedly supplied weapons and silencers
Andre Eminger, 33, accused of being an accessory in two of the bank robberies, in the 2004 nail bombing in Cologne's old town that injured 22 people, and two counts of supporting a terrorist organisation
Holger Gerlach, 39, faces three counts of supporting a terrorist organisation.
The NSU cell remained undetected until Ms Zschaepe gave herself up in November 2011, after police discovered the bodies of two of her alleged accomplices.
Uwe Mundlos, 38, and Uwe Boenhardt, 34, appeared to have shot themselves after a botched bank robbery.
After their deaths, the gun used in the murders of the 10 people was discovered.
Ms Zschaepe shared a flat in Zwickau, in the old East Germany, with the two men who were found shot dead.
The arson charge against her relates to a fire which she is alleged to have started in the flat before giving herself up. She told police she was the one they were looking for.
In addition, a video emerged showing pictures of the corpses of the victims and identifying the "organisation" behind the murders as the NSU. The video had a cartoon Pink Panther totting up the number of dead.
Image caption Uwe Mundlos, Beate Zschaepe and Uwe Boehnhardt were believed to be the cell's only members
Only then did the authorities conclude that the killings were the work of neo-Nazis.
They had previously treated some of the families of the victims as suspects in their murders.
As a result, the trial has taken on a meaning beyond the charges in court, as it is also putting the spotlight on attitudes towards the murder of members of ethnic minority groups, our correspondent says.
An earlier start date had been set for the trial, but it was delayed for weeks amid a dispute about the seat allocations, as Turkish media were not guaranteed places.
Turkish media have now been given four seats, but several leading German newspapers missed out in the lottery, AFP news agency reports.
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday outlined the next phase of the Jan-Dhan Yojana to include credit, insurance and pension as he complimented bankers for near 100% coverage of households under the massive financial inclusion drive.The Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana is a key policy plank of the Modi administration's vow to eradicate what it calls “financial untouchability”. Each bank account comes with an accident insurance cover, a RuPay debit card and a life insurance policy of Rs 1 lakh. Account holders will also be provided an overdraft facility of Rs 5,000 later.“Well begun is half done. The Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana provides a platform for changing the economic condition of our people,” Modi told bankers in his email.“We need to build on this success and leverage these accounts to provide our citizens a wide range of credit, insurance and pension services. We also need to maintain high standards of customer service. This is the next phase of Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana,” the PM said.He said the target set for opening bank accounts for all households has been surpassed well ahead of the target date of January 26, 2015. “By opening 11.5 crore new accounts in a very short span, we have achieved a coverage of 99.74% of all households in the country. I congratulate you for your extraordinary efforts,” the PM said in his email.He said doubts were expressed when the drive was launched but the bankers had proved skeptics wrong by achieving “what appeared to be impossible”.“This feat alone should motivate you, as well as others to work to make our dreams a reality,” the PM said.Modi said the banks should redouble efforts in financial literacy and seeding of Aadhar numbers with bank accounts needs to improve. “Bank Mitras need to be enabled to carry out RuPay card and Aadhaar enabled transactions in villages itself,” the PM said.“I want you to work to ensure that each account holder enrolls for Aadhaar and seeds it in the bank account. This needs to be done for all accounts. I am sure you will do this seeding with the same zeal you showed in driving bank account opening,” he said,He said most development activities were hindered by the single disability of not having bank accounts but now that it has been overcome, “benefits have already started flowing to people through some of the " direct benefit transfer " schemes. This not only ensures that benefits reach people directly, but also utilizes your accounts well,” he said.“This is your great contribution to nation-building. We will ensure that many more schemes utilize the DBT platform,” he said.
A few days ago I contacted the editor of the newsletter for Esperanto-USA, the national organization for Esperantists in the U.S.A. I sort of know the guy from a few contacts over the years. I basically queried if he'd be interested in articles in Esperanto about woodworking. The answer was yes.
As it turns out he wants the sort of articles that I would be putting in my book, a basic how-to approach. While this is not a paying gig, I think it's advantageous for me as it gives me access to an editor who reads my work, corrects a few of my errors and suggests ways to improve the article. Even in English I need an editor, so this is a great way for me to improve my language, writing style and expose woodworking to a different peer group.
My first article is a rerun of the earring box I made last year, but future articles will be about all new builds, though a few of the items are things I've done before.
Today while working on this, I needed a way to describe the ‘grits' of sandpaper. I knew that I had figured this out before the harddisk on my last laptop bit the dust. The info went with it. After a few hours of looking up words and trying to remember my past genius solution, I remembered! The best word for coarseness as regards abrasives is 'raspeco '. From there I can basically describe the general kind of grit to use for sanding.
Coarse is: raspega
Medium is: mezraspa
and fine is: raspeta
There are also ways to describe the grits between, above and below those. This time I've written it down outside of my harddisk, so it won't get lost again.
The numbers that we enjoy on our sandpaper sheets don't mean much aside from describing degrees of grit. There are two systems in the U.S. alone, so I'm sticking with the generalities. If you've read this far I thank you. Dankon !
-- Ni faru ion el ligno!
"Lord Grenville" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Lord Granville
William Wyndham Grenville, 1st Baron Grenville, PC, PC (Ire), FRS (25 October 1759 – 12 January 1834) was a British Pittite Tory and politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1806 to 1807, though he was a supporter of the British Whig Party for the duration of the Napoleonic Wars.
Background [ edit ]
Grenville was the son of Whig Prime Minister George Grenville. His mother Elizabeth was the daughter of Tory statesman Sir William Wyndham Bart. He had two elder brothers Thomas and George—he was thus uncle to the 1st Duke of Buckingham and Chandos.
He was also related to the Pitt family by marriage; William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham had married his father's sister Hester, and thus the younger Grenville was the first cousin of William Pitt the Younger.
Grenville was educated at Eton, Christ Church, Oxford, and Lincoln's Inn.[1][self-published source?]
Political career [ edit ]
Grenville entered the House of Commons in 1782. He soon became a close ally of the Prime Minister, his cousin William Pitt the Younger, and served in the government as Paymaster of the Forces from 1784 to 1789. In 1789 he served briefly as Speaker of the House of Commons before he entered the cabinet as Home Secretary. He became Leader of the House of Lords when he was raised to the peerage the next year as Baron Grenville, of Wotton under Bernewood in the County of Buckingham.[2] The next year, in 1791, he succeeded the Duke of Leeds as Foreign Secretary. Grenville's decade as Foreign Secretary was a dramatic one, seeing the Wars of the French Revolution. During the war, Grenville was the leader of the party that focused on the fighting on the continent as the key to victory, opposing the faction of Henry Dundas which favoured war at sea and in the colonies. Grenville left office with Pitt in 1801 over the issue of Catholic Emancipation. He did part-time military service at home as Major in the Buckinghamshire Yeomanry cavalry in 1794 and as Lieutenant-Colonel in the South Buckinghamshire volunteer regiment in 1806.[3]
In his years out of office, Grenville became close to the opposition Whig leader Charles James Fox, and when Pitt returned to office in 1804, Grenville did not take part. Following Pitt's death in 1806, Grenville became the head of the "Ministry of All the Talents", a coalition between Grenville's supporters, the Foxite Whigs, and the supporters of former Prime Minister Lord Sidmouth, with Grenville as First Lord of the Treasury and Fox as Foreign Secretary as joint leaders. Grenville's cousin William Windham served as Secretary of State for War and the Colonies, and his younger brother, Thomas Grenville, served briefly as First Lord of the Admiralty. The Ministry ultimately accomplished little, failing either to make peace with France or to accomplish Catholic emancipation (the later attempt resulting in the ministry's dismissal in March, 1807). It did have one significant achievement, however, in the abolition of the slave trade in 1807.
In the years after the fall of the ministry, Grenville continued in opposition, maintaining his alliance with Lord Grey and the Whigs, criticising the Peninsular War and, with Grey, refusing to join Lord Liverpool's government in 1812. In the post-war years, Grenville gradually moved back closer to the Tories, but never again returned to the cabinet. His political career was ended by a stroke in 1823. Grenville also served as Chancellor of the University of Oxford from 1810 until his death in 1834.
Legacy [ edit ]
Historians find it hard to tell exactly what separate roles Pitt, Grenville, and Dundas played in setting war policy with France, but agree that Grenville played a major role at all times until 1801. The consensus of scholars is that war with France presented an unexpected complex of problems. There was conflict between secular ideologies, the conscription of huge armies, the new role of Russia as a continental power, and especially the sheer length and cost of the multiple coalitions. Grenville energetically worked to build and hold together the Allied coalitions, paying suitable attention to smaller members such as Denmark and Sardinia. He negotiated the complex alliance with Russia and Austria. He hoped that with British financing they would bear the brunt of ground campaigns against the French. Grenville's influence was at the maximum during the formation of the Second Coalition. His projections of easy success were greatly exaggerated, and the result was another round of disappointment. His resignation in 1801 was due primarily to the king's refusal to allow Catholics to sit in Parliament.[4]
Dropmore House [ edit ]
Dropmore House was built in the 1790s for Lord Grenville. The architects were Samuel Wyatt and Charles Tatham. Grenville knew the spot from rambles during his time at Eton College, and prized its distant views of his old school and of Windsor Castle. On his first day in occupation, he planted two cedar trees. At least another 2,500 trees were planted. By the time Grenville died, his pinetum contained the biggest collection of conifer species in Britain. Part of the post-millennium restoration is to use what survives as the basis for a collection of some 200 species.[5]
Personal life [ edit ]
Lord Grenville married the Honourable Anne, daughter of Thomas Pitt, 1st Baron Camelford, in 1792. The marriage was childless. He died in January 1834, aged 74, when the barony became extinct. Lady Grenville died in June 1863.[1]
Ministry of All the Talents [ edit ]
Changes
September 1806 – On Fox's death, Lord Howick succeeds him as Foreign Secretary and Leader of the House of Commons. Thomas Grenville succeeds Howick at the Admiralty. Lord Fitzwilliam becomes Minister without Portfolio, and Lord Sidmouth succeeds him as Lord President. Lord Holland succeeds Sidmouth as Lord Privy Seal.
Notes [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
The Selection Committee's seedings will be predictably argued right up until the very first tip in this year's NCAA Tournament, but the Mountain West's presence in this year's proceedings cannot be ignored. Five teams from the Mountain West Conference ended up carving a spot for themselves in the bracket, including the bubbled Boise State Broncos who were on the verge of being left out completely.
The New Mexico Lobos were handed a seemingly low 3 seed after surviving a grueling Mountain West Tournament to secure a double championship in the nation's top conference by RPI. The Colorado State Rams were the recipients of a questionable 8 seed after finishing second during the Mountain West's regular season, while the San Diego State Aztecs—perhaps even more surprisingly—leapfrogged the Rams completely and were awarded a 7 seed. The UNLV Runnin' Rebels were given an understandably fair 5 seed after reaching the Mountain West Tournament final, while the Boise State Broncos just snuck in with a play-in 13 seed. The matchups are as follows:
WEST (Los Angeles)
Mar. 20, 7:10 p.m. MST, TRUTV (Dayton, Ohio)
(13) Boise St.
(13) La Salle
WINNER PLAYS:
(4) Kansas State
Mar. 21, 7:50 p.m. MST, TNT (Salt Lake City, Utah)
(3) New Mexico
(14) Harvard
WINNER PLAYS VICTOR OF:
(6) Arizona
(11) Belmont
EAST (Washington, D.C.)
Mar. 21, 5:27 p.m. MST, TRUTV (San Jose, Calif.)
(5) UNLV
(12) California
WINNER PLAYS VICTOR OF:
(4) Syracuse
(13) Montana
SOUTH (North Texas)
Mar. 22, 7:20 p.m. MST, TBS (Philadelphia, Penn.)
(7) San Diego St.
(10) Oklahoma
WINNER PLAYS VICTOR OF:
(2) Georgetown
(15) Florida Gulf Coast
MIDWEST (Indianapolis)
Mar. 21, 7:20 p.m. MST, TBS (Lexington, Ken.)
(8) Colorado St.
(9) Missouri
WINNER PLAYS VICTOR OF:
(1) Louisville
(16) Rnd. 1 Winner
For a full printable bracket courtesy of SB Nation, click here!
UPDATE: 3/18/13, 11:15 a.m. - Added all tip-off times (in Mountain Time) and applicable channels to view each game.
<a href="https://twitter.com/lefoxtrott" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="false" data-size="large">Follow @lefoxtrott</a>
<script>!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");</script>
Social UX is the integration of social media and user experience. Many website owners underestimate the benefits that implementing a social UX strategy can bring to their website. In addition, there are many websites out there which implement a poor user experience strategy just because they copied their competition. This ultimately results in a decrease of the website's social activity. What can be done in order to avoid this happening and to make your website a socially-rich place? Here are 6 simple tips to get going:
1. Decide over the demographics
Undoubtedly, you will want to provide some shortcuts for your users to follow your links, reach your profile, like your posts, or sign in to your website using their social network accounts. In this regard, it is important to know the demographics of your visitors and which social networks they are likely to use. This can be quite simple to find out. If they share the same interests and preferences as you do, then chances are they will be on the same social networks that you commonly use. In addition, it is common knowledge that many people prefer Twitter and Facebook for sharing stories, news and the like.
2. Enable the social comments
A large number of sites already allow their visitors to post using their Facebook profile, but for those which have not enabled this facility, they must act now. Such options will especially suit the bigger or private-owned sites that allow comments only when the user has a profile registered. In this regard, social comments can truly boost your number of accesses, mainly because comments add something to the story, but also because users may share the fact that they commented on your site with their social network friends.
3. Focus on making the website usable for everyone
Although most people are present in the social media environment nowadays, some of them simply prefer not to use it on other sites. In this regard, it would be a good idea to let them register a profile with ease (the entire process should not take more than 2-3 minutes), which they can later use for commenting, voting, etc. If you prefer to make your website accessible to an even larger range of people, then you may enable everyone to comment under an anonymous profile, although this option is not recommended for all businesses.
4. Avoid featuring floating pads
If you want to keep your users satisfied, then you have to avoid the usage of floating pads. Floating pads represent little web elements which remain obtrusive as you scroll. They don't disappear even if you share the news/article with your friends. These little elements can be a burden to the eye of the user and also occupy important space of the webpage, which you can otherwise use for different purposes.
5. Do not use unnecessary live chat apps
There are many anonymous or passive-name live chat communication systems which can be integrated on a website. While one might think that such tools can improve the social activity and comments on your website, in fact, the truth is quite the reverse. Such programs are usually resource hogs and are able to slow down your webpage loading time, especially for users who don't have a broadband internet connection
6. Use a forum, but let everyone access it
For certain businesses, it is recommended to create a forum where visitors can exchange opinions or share key points about your website or topics of interest. However, if you keep this forum private and enforce registration even for basic access, then few will be interested to actually give it a try. Forums may prove to be a valuable resource and a great way to add a community feel to your site, but in some cases, keep in mind, they might not work.
Conclusion
Social UX is a very important part in any web-based business, and those who ignore it are likely to miss a very profitable audience. When trying to build yourself a better social profile and boost your activity on the social networks, it's important to make the user feel like he is on top. In this regard, the 6 tips enumerated above should prove highly useful.
(Lead image: Depositphotos)
This Startup Wants to Make Your Data Plan
Dirt Cheap
DataMi wants to let companies sponsor slices of your mobile data. But will it also break the Internet?
Nancy Scola Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 18, 2015 Unlisted
A few months back, I suggested to the rep at my mobile phone company that I was thinking about maybe, just maybe, giving up the $30-a-month all-you-can-eat data plan I'd had since back in grad school. That plan gives me the freedom to gobble up all the data I'd like using my iPhone. It's a deal so delicious the company doesn't offer it to new customers anymore. “Oh no, you hold on to that,” I remember the rep counseling, “You just don't let a plan like that go.”
Hold on to it I did. But that rep and I were both outliers. The fact is that unlimited data plans are rather quickly becoming a thing of history. Companies like AT&T and Verizon are nudging users away from them — often as part of an upgrade to the latest smartphone or, as in my case, a switch to the latest innovation in family plans—in a bid to manage congestion on their sometimes creaky networks as we get into the habit of doing everything on our mobile devices. And so, we're staring at a future of capped data and overage fees.
Into that bleak reality steps DataMi, a start-up based in the Massachusetts city of Chelmsford, just north of Boston. The company's name is pronounced “data me,” as in my data, and it launched just a year and a half ago with the tagline, “Welcome to Free Data.” DataMi wants to give app developers, advertisers and content-makers the ability to pick up the data tab for mobile users visiting their websites or using their app. That might be one solution to our data-cap problem. The downside? Well, say some, it might just also be the end of the idea that on the Internet everyone gets an even shot.
Let's set the stage. At the moment, cell phone users lacking an unlimited data plan pay a set price for a certain amount of data, say $40 a month for 3 GB of data. Every website you visit, video you watch, or email you send while using your cellular connection draws down from that data allowance.
What DataMi does is flip that model on its head. Instead of sucking 100 MB from my data bank to ‘pay for' that Mary J. Blige album I bought, my music app could say, in effect, “This one's on me.” It's a bit like going to a bar with a budget for two, and only two, cocktails — but knowing that there's a bourbon company rep at the bar willing to buy me a third. I'm happy. The bar's happy. The bourbon company's happy: if I can remember the transaction in the morning, they may well have a new, loyal customer.
In much of the world, that concept is called “zero rating,” a riff on an economics term for goods sold tax-free. In the United States, the phrase “sponsored data” is taking hold. But Mung Chiang, the Princeton University professor of electrical engineering who founded DataMi, would prefer we call it something else: “open toll-free data,” piggybacking on a concept familiar to anyone who has used a telephone or heard an infomercial in the U.S. in the last 50 years. Says Chiang, “People love 1–800-numbers.”
The fact is, the 1–800 Internet isn't unheard of, either. Nearly a decade ago Amazon rolled out Whispernet, which covered the data demands of downloading e-books through the one-time cost of buying a Kindle. Since 2010 in El Salvador, Bangladesh, Zimbabwe, and scores of other emerging countries, Facebook has offered Facebook Zero, a data-free version of its site, with a pop-up touting that they can “Keep up with friends, share updates and send messages on Facebook with no data charges.” And just this June, the phone company T-Mobile began offering customers the option to “stop burning data” when listening to certain apps, including Pandora, SiriusXM and Spotify under a program called Music Freedom.
But what DataMi does that's groundbreaking is to take that 1–800 power available only to the T-Mobiles, Facebooks and Amazons of the world — companies both savvy enough to negotiate with mobile networks and smart enough to make the technology work—and put it in the hands of app developers and website publishers of nearly any size. DataMi has negotiated deals with mobile network providers to make it possible for companies of all sizes to easily cover data tabs.
“The telcos weren't designed to create these type of solutions in the networks,” says Harjot Saluja, a mobile industry veteran who became DataMi's CEO in August of 2013. “We're making it so easy that anyone can, in a matter of minutes, go on a portal and create a sponsorship for just two days of Thanksgiving.”
Soon various chunks of the data we use could be sponsored by all sorts of different advertisers, potentially making our mobile phone bills look like a NASCAR race car. That might not be pretty. But what would be far prettier is the price at the end of our bill. It could be just a fraction of what it is today: a couple bucks for the few bits of data no one has offered to cover.
If DataMi succeeds in the democratization of sponsored data, it won't be without its critics. Some see sponsored data not as a clever solution but a cop-out that threatens the idea that to compete on the Internet you shouldn't be forced to pay a gatekeeper. Are you going to keep using an app that drains your data budget when a similar one doesn't? Raegan MacDonald, the European policy manager for the digital rights advocacy group Access, argues that “the real solution would be to provide data at a more affordable rate. But that's not as fast or as easy.” There are echoes here of the net neutrality debate raging in the U.S. But if you believe that sponsored data violates the idea that all information on the Internet should be treated equally, that principle might well come with a cost to your wallet.
DataMi got its start as an academic research project at Princeton University's EDGE Lab, headed by Chiang, a networks expert who is described admiringly by former Federal Communications Commission chairman Reed Hundt as “a volcano of ideas.” The insight that led to DataMi was that although cellphone use is placing considerable demands on mobile networks, that demand is unevenly distributed. Mobile operators could offer discounts for people willing to use data during non-surge periods, the way some electric companies offer cheaper rates to customers who forgo running their air conditioners on a handful of the hottest summer days.
Someone registered a domain in the name of New York and New Jersey bombing suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami's family restaurant and redirected the page to the website of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Monday.
ahami, who was arrested on suspicion of laying bombs at a race in New Jersey which hurt no one and another in New York's Chelsea district which wounded 30 following a gunfight with police , is the son of Muhammad Rahami, who manages the First American Fried Chicken restaurant in Elizabeth, New Jersey. On Monday, the URL www.firstamericanfriedchicken.com was set up via web registration services GoDaddy and Domains By Proxy LLC, and shortly thereafter, that domain began redirecting users to www.donaldjtrump.com .
It's somewhat unclear what message was intended for, though it was likely motivated by a desire to promote Trump's campaign and tough-on-terrorism message.
the website was set up anonymously , so there's no evidence as to who actually created the website. Had the campaign done so, such evidence might never come to light, as any expenditures involved in purchasing the domain could be easily concealed in future financial filings . While some Twitter users speculated the Trump campaign itself bought the URL,
Over the weekend, the candidate bragged that he "called it" on the cause of the explosions, a reference to a speech Trump gave in which he referred to the Chelsea incident as a "bomb" before officials had released any information.
Perhaps it's a population cap issue? Maybe folks are already capped out?
I actually got a citizenship petition after my fort hit 200 population. I got a few, actually. My fort got up to 203 people in total. I believe there were 2 elven poets (from a traveling troupe of performers), and about 7 humans. All became CITIZENS. They would stop performing in the tavern, and immediately run off to pick up some wood outside, or start fishing (whatever their default labors were). However, you still can't assign them as performers, scholars, militia captains, burrows, or noble positions. I didn't get one to experience a strange mood, but in a 203 strong fort I wasn't going to get any one specific guy to mood anyway. Most of them got drafted into the military. I didn't need more haulers and couldn't use them as bards outside the horribly saturated main tavern.I can't remember if long-term residency petitions stopped at this time, but births did. However, I would still occasionally get citizenship offers over 200. I'm not sure if this is intended behavior or not, but probably is a bug. We don't get births and migrants over 200 outside of the monarch's retinue afterall. Oh, and I definitely didn't have a monarch. This was a 42.04 game with the exported wealth bug.As for the fort, it was about 6 years old and I think the first citizenship petition happened around the third or fourth year. It was definitely a long-term thing. I actually didn't get much in the way of visitors. I never had much more than 10 visitors at a time in my tavern, and I might have gotten 2-3 scholars totals in those 5-6 years. The dining hall was engraved and somewhat large (10x20?), and I had begun engraving the rest of my fort too. I noticed that different people would have different reasons for showing up. Like Human McScholar was "curious about my library." Or this one human dancer (who later inherited a noble title in my tavern, but wouldn't leave for YEARS) heard "this was the place to entertain people." Some of them showed up to worship at various temples- I had made an (engraved) temple to every deity on the list, so about 23 in total. I churned out instruments (had one made only of bone, and another of bone, wood, and silk that I could mass-produce without fuel/metal), but no one played with them in the temples that I saw ; /
Hard-core Digg users and fans of the link-sharing site — the so-called “Digg Nation” — spend a lot of their time trying to push their favorite links to the front page, competing with each other for the number of “diggs” their links get, and debating why certain links made it and others didn't. Now, a 17-year-old programmer has come up with an algorithm he says can predict which links will make it to the front of Digg with a high degree of accuracy. The algorithm, which developer Raj Vir is still tweaking, powers a site called Digg In The Future.
Advertisement
Vir, who is still in high school, says that his algorithm — which he's been working on in his spare time for the past several months — has so far proven to be 63-percent accurate when it comes to predicting what will make the Digg front page. (He also says it will still work even with the new version of Digg, which is expected to launch soon.) So how does the software do it? Vir says he has built into the algorithm some intelligence about the site and its most popular users: both the users whose links get dugg the most, and those who digg a lot of other people's links. As he described it in an email:
The method used takes advantage of several tendencies of Digg users. There are several “power users” on Digg who have a heavy influence on Digg's frontpage. Two main factors taken into consideration are what I like to call “power submitters” (users who frequently submit future frontpage stories) and “power diggers” (users who frequently digg future frontpage stories). Digginthefuture [sic] keeps track of stories that have been dugg or sumbitted by successful users.
The algorithm also relies on other factors, Vir says, including the time of day (since stories submitted in the early morning hours are unlikely to reach the front page) and whether the link comes from “preferred” sites that appeal to Digg users: a list that includes Cracked, Wired, The Huffington Post, The Daily Mail and The Telegraph. One interesting element of the algorithm is that it doesn't just look at Digg or its users: Vir says that since many of the links that make it to the front page of the site have already been shared on other social networks, the Digg In The Future software looks at frequently shared URLs from Twitter and gives this added weight.
Vir says he isn't looking to build a business or sell his algorithm at this point (unless of course Digg or Google (s goog) make him a multimillion-dollar offer, we're assuming), although he said he is considering selling advertising on the site. But if his algorithm is good at predicting trending topics on Digg, it might be good at predicting what links and content will become popular elsewhere, and a lot of companies are very interested in doing that. Vir may wind up getting an offer he can't refuse.
Related content from GigaOM Pro (sub req'd): Social Advertising Models Go Back to the Future
Post and thumbnail photos courtesy of Flickr user Sean McGrath
Spring is just around the corner, and what better way to welcome it in than by showing off your Aloha spirit at the Aloha April Hat Tournament. Pull out your best Hawaiian themed shirt and grass skirt and join us as we kick off the Spring ultimate season with a 4v4 speed point tournament.
What: Aloha April Hat Tournament - 4 on 4, continuous, coed play.
Who: You! All skill/experience levels welcome.
When: Sunday, April 2, 2017, 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm
Cost: $30 (includes GST)
Bring: Cleats AND runners (BRING BOTH - we've got two fields with two different surfaces), water, light and dark jerseys, disc, and your best Hawaiian beach outfit!
Registration: Follow the link below to register online in advance. Spaces are limited. Our last two 4on4 hat tournaments sold out, so advance registration to secure your spot is recommended!
Alabama rising redshirt sophomore running back Ronnie Clark sustained an Achilles injury during the Crimson Tide's next-to-last spring practice Thursday, BamaOnLine has learned. AL.com's Matt Zenitz was the first to report the injury.
This is the second Achilles tendon injury for Clark, who also suffered a torn Achilles as a true freshman in October of 2014. On Thursday, Clark sustained the injury to the tendon in his opposite leg one day before the 2016 A-Day Game.
Clark, one of only three scholarship running backs on Alabama's roster this spring, was receiving reps as the No. 3 tailback. He rushed for 31 yards on seven carries in the Crimson Tide's second scrimmage of its spring season last Saturday.
With Clark sidelined, Alabama will be extremely thin at running back in its spring game this weekend. Outside of former five-stars Bo Scarbrough and Damien Harris, the Tide will not suit up another scholarship tailback for the A-Day Game.
*** This report will be updated.
Contact Charlie Potter by 247Sports' personal messaging system or on Twitter at @Charlie_Potter.
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's business minister Sajid Javid said the government should cut corporate and personal taxes to soften the blow from an expected slowdown after Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
Britain's Business Secretary Sajid Javid arrives at Number 10 Downing Street in London, Britain May 5, 2016. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
Javid told the Financial Times the government needed to switch its focus from reducing the deficit to stimulating economic growth by introducing unfunded tax cuts to boost research and investment for companies.
Confidence in Britain's economy has been rocked by the decision by voters to leave the world's largest trading bloc on June 23. The pound is trading at 31-year lows and the Bank of England has warned that the financial risks it highlighted ahead of the vote were starting to crystallize.
Finance minister George Osborne has said he plans to cut Britain's corporation tax to below 15 percent and has also dropped his aim of turning Britain's budget deficit into a surplus by 2020.
Javid backed Osborne's softer approach to fixing the public finances. He told the FT it was hard to predict what would happen to the deficit.
“Does it mean 3 percent becomes 4 percent or 5 percent? I don't think anyone can say at this point,” he said.
Britain's budget deficit was just under 4 percent of gross domestic product in the financial year which ended in March.
Javid said the government should double tax credits for research and development, exempt new plant and machinery from business rates and increase the annual investment allowance. He said the threshold at which people start paying income tax should also rise by 1,000 pounds.
As well as the signals from the government of help for the economy from lower taxes, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney has said he expects the central bank to provide more monetary stimulus over the summer. On Tuesday, the BoE lowered a requirement for banks to set aside money to cover losses.
It is not clear how long Osborne and Javid will remain in their jobs. Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will resign by September and the ruling Conservative Party is in the process of choosing a new leader.
A major new development under construction in Downtown LA's booming South Park neighborhood will be joined by a small public park, providing a bit of green space right beside the project's 38-story residential tower.
Developer Mack Urban will present plans for the half-acre park tomorrow to the Downtown Los Angeles Neighborhood Council's Planning and Land Use Committee. According to a presentation on the project (first spotted by Urbanize LA), designer Rios Clementi Hale Studios has examined three possible concepts for the park, which will be called South Grand Park.
The first design would center the park around a small outdoor performance space with seating arced around it; the second would include a grassy lawn, a treehouse, and a sculptural canopy; the third would have a shallow water feature, room for food vendors, and communal seating.
All three designs would incorporate a paseo through the park, public art features, and a dining terrace extending out from ground-floor restaurant space in the residential high-rise.
After receiving community feedback, Rios Clementi Hale has drafted a design that incorporates popular elements of the different concepts, including food vendors, a water feature, and the treehouse.
The designers will hold a community workshop October 23 to further review plans for the project.
Set amid Mack Urban's massive mixed use project, developed in partnership with AECOM Capital, the park will be a small part of a multi-phase development set to bring a plethora of new apartments, shops, and restaurants to the area. The first phase of the project—a pair of seven-story structures with 362 apartments—wrapped up earlier this year.
Jenny Cavnar's path may not have always been in baseball, but baseball has always been in her blood. Growing up the daughter of a high school baseball coach and a lifelong fan of the game, her path took her through college football and basketball coverage, and to Michigan and California, before she returned to her roots in Colorado and baseball.
But no matter where she has exercised her talents, Cavnar has continued to blaze her own trail in a path that often seems pre-determined for women in sports reporting. Her latest step brought her into the 850 KOA radio booth as the first woman to broadcast a game for the National League.
For three games in early July, she provided color commentary sitting alongside first Jack Corrigan for two games, then Jerry Schemmel. “I knew very few women had done this before, but I didn't really think anything of it,” Cavnar said. “I thought ‘I'm going to prepare to do my job, this is what I was born to do, I'm going to do it.'” But along the way, she marked another notch for women in broadcast and sports journalism.
Drawing upon a lifetime of intimate knowledge of the game and years of relationships built with Rockies players, Cavnar was able to bring a unique voice in the landscape. “I think something that I pride myself on is to have these relationships (with players) and to have these conversations with them and to understand their day-to-day,” Cavnar said.
It is well-documented that women in media are vastly outnumbered by men, and in sports, it is especially pronounced. A 2012 study from the Institute for Diversity and Ethics in Sport found that a whopping 88 percent of sports broadcasters are men, contextualizing the purveying feeling of sports as a “boys club.” When women step into the field, it is under a “glass ceiling” of sideline reporting, giving brief feature-y asides during the game as an entertainment break.
“Simply, it's where we most often are slotted. And it's constantly reinforced by the power structure that jobs like anchor and sideline reporter are the pinnacle (there are plenty of women who do both respective jobs with authority and who are great), and that's unfortunate. There should be a path to more power,” multimedia journalist Amy Nelson said on a panel on the subject.
Meanwhile, search terms like “female sports broadcaster” and you will be met with a parade of “articles” highlighting the “hottest” women in the broadcasting business. Much progress has been made recently, but it is a hurdle women can only move beyond when more are given the opportunity and platform to give their insight and analysis on a game.
In becoming part of the broadcast, Cavnar became the latest woman to stand as a symbol of breaking that ceiling. Where many color analysts draw upon experience as former players, Cavnar proved that life as a student of the game can bring an equally engaging and valuable perspective to a broadcast. Through the three days, she repeatedly pulled anecdotes and sidebars from her time interviewing players and being around the clubhouse, providing glimpses into their lives and mindsets that are rarely seen.
Thank you for all the support! Now let's play ball #rockies #dbacks A photo posted by Jenny Cavnar (@jennycavnar) on Jul 2, 2015 at 6:28pm PDT
“I think fans find that interesting, they want to know more about players, whether it's what they're working on in baseball, what they're doing off the field, their personalities,” she said. “I thought that was a way I could find my voice in the whole broadcast,”
In her debut, she performed magnificently, earning supporters through insightful commentary and passionate denouncements of the travesty known as the “wave.”
Finding her footing in radio broadcasting may have been the biggest job she has attempted yet, but Cavnar's career has never been about standing still, instead rising to the challenges that have paved the way to where she stands now.
She began as a baseball broadcaster in California, when she accepted a job with Channel 4 San Diego, covering the pregame and postgame shows for the San Diego Padres, while also anchoring a nightly recap show of area sports.
At the time, she didn't have much experience outside of football coverage, and in accepting the job left behind work as a director of a lacrosse program.
“When I got the job in San Diego I had no idea what I was getting into,” Cavnar says. “But when the season started and I started doing stories, getting more involved, I realized ‘Wow, I was made for this! This is my training, my background, my growing up.' I had no idea it was preparing me the whole time for my career.”
There is an onus of proving credibility placed on women in sports reporting that men rarely must face, and that, too, has helped shape Cavnar in the role she fills today. Even when she was a young girl.
“We're in a quick snap society right now. You have very few seconds to form an opinion about somebody. I learned quickly…I don't think I dressed like girls my age because I wanted to be taken seriously.” Cavnar said. “But we're in television. There's this fine line of how you want to look modern, feel modern and be girly…there's really something to your appearance and how you put yourself forward. That was a lesson I learned pretty early on.”
She continued learning to walk that line during her time in San Diego, becoming more comfortable with her role, the team and her evolving career path. It's the little things, she says. Particularly using those same strengths that would come to play such a vital role in Denver — building strong relationships and an easy rapport with the players.
“I wanted to make sure… and there's a fine line… of making sure they know your knowledge without being too over the top with it. And that takes time; that's relationship-building in general,” Cavnar says. “I remember hitting a point in San Diego where I really felt comfortable with the team and the team knew who I was, and it was a transition of finally getting to know all the guys in the clubhouse.” Once players became comfortable with her, she says, they could bridge the gap with new guys in the clubhouse.
“It wasn't having to go get new guys,” she says. “It was veterans being like ‘That's our T.V. reporter, she totally knows baseball,' and having guys vouch for you.”
When the opportunity to join the Denver ROOT team opened, she couldn't pass it up. Alanna Rizzo, long entrenched as the female voice of the team, was leaving to cover the Dodgers.
When Cavnar arrived, she found that it was her, now, who was able to provide some guidance to the evolving broadcaster lineup at ROOT, made up primarily of former players without much TV or camera experience.
“Every time we had those analysts on, we're trying to groom them into our world,” Cavnar says.
It became a give-and-take process, especially with analyst and former Rockies outfielder Ryan Spilborghs, with whom Cavnar said she quickly “clicked.” They could offer insights from their own worlds and areas of expertise, such as Spilly showing Cavnar how he watches BP or Cavnar teaching him how to work in front of a live camera.
“I'm like a proud mom watching them (Spilborghs, Hirsch and Sullivan) this year,” Cavnar says. “They've all grown so much, individually and collectively.” It has also helped to cement the relationships both in the booth and in the clubhouse.
“This year I remember (Spilly) was talking about baseball being a fraternity and he said to me ‘you're part of that fraternity.' That just felt really cool, that you have respect among these guys. They're not my peers…I've never played. But you have the respect that they know you know the game, they know you're around every day,” she says.
Cavnar found much of her own support too, especially as the radio opportunity came up. Particularly from other prominent women in sports broadcasting, names that are esteemed within the world of broadcasting — names like Susan Waldman and Lesley Visser, who both reached out to Cavnar via email.
“It was really neat to hear from people that I've admired from afar for a long time,” Cavnar says. “I think that's the biggest thing, I think a lot of times women in a male-dominated industry don't support each other, but we have a really great support system.” As much as baseball is a fraternity, many of its women have carved a niche for themselves as well, their own type of sorority.
As Cavnar continues to take own steps forward, she says she is also looking to help mentor young women looking to make their own way in sports journalism. As for her? She'll see what opportunities she finds next.
She took up the mic with 850 Koas again two weeks ago, and has been finding new and interesting ways to take on he team coverage in shows such as the Rockies Real Time, where she completed her first two-part feature report.
“I'm super happy where I'm at, really lucky,” Cavnar says. “I'm trying to kind of reinvent that role, like where I fit into our pre- and post-game show, our broadcasts, where it is more baseball-driven knowledge…to have time to dive into those conversations with the guys and not just be a moderator or be a sideline person. And they've given me the freedom to do it.”
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Tumblr
As reported by POLITICO Pro, scientists resigned Friday from an U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) advisory panel in protest of Administrator Scott Pruitt's recent decision not to reappoint nine members of the Board of Scientific Counselors, a panel of outside experts that advise EPA on research and development issues.
The New York Times reported these scientists believe that Pruitt's intention is to replace scientists with industry representatives.
Carlos Martin, a senior research associate at the Urban Institute's Metropolitan Housing and Communities Policy Center, and Peter B. Meyer, president of the E.P. Systems Group, an environmental analysis firm, have resigned their positions on BOSC's Sustainable and Healthy Communities Subcommittee effective immediately, according to a letter Martin posted to Twitter.
"This is another sign that Trump's administration and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt are engaging in an intentional effort to put decisions about public health and safety in the hands of industry and corporate polluters instead of scientists and doctors," Liz Perera, Sierra Club public health policy director, said.
"The American public supports the role of science in government, and we applaud the honor and integrity of all those who, like these scientists, are resisting the Trump administration's attacks on public health in whatever way they can.
"These scientists are putting their feet down in the face of Trump and Pruitt's complete and total disdain for science, reality and the very foundations of our government. Trump and Pruitt's outrageous attacks on scientific integrity and truth are some of the most extreme indications that this administration is increasingly out of control."
A Seattle police officer pulled over a speeding car early Sunday morning, only to discover a woman in labor inside.
As there was not enough time to get to the hospital, the patrolman ended up helping the expectant mother deliver her baby daughter right in the car - and the entire incident was caught on a police dashboard camera.
Patrolman Anthony Reynolds stopped a car he saw speeding through red lights along Martin Luther King Jr Way South at around 3.45am Sunday, Seattle police said in a statement.
Not-so-routine traffic stop: Seattle Patrolman Anthony Reynolds stopped a car he saw speeding through red lights on Martin Luther King Jr Way South Sunday morning
Panicked dad: The driver shouted that his wife was in labor and begged the officer to let him keep going to a hospital
Special delivery: With no time to waste, Reynolds and three other cops who arrived on the scene helped welcome the newborn baby girl into the world
As the officer approached the vehicle, the father-to-be, identified by KOMO News as Abdul Abdashiek, jumped out of the driver's side and begged the officer to let him keep going to a hospital.
'She's in labor man!' the panicked driver is heard shouting in the dashcam video. 'Let me go, man. I can make it.'
Officer Reynolds replies that there is an ambulance on the way and tries to convince the man that it will be safer for his wife and baby to wait for the medics.
But the baby had other plans in mind.
Moments later, as three more officers arrived on the scene for assistance, the mother-to-be screamed out: ‘Oh my god, the baby is coming out!'
'The couple's baby was determined to beat medics to the scene,' police said, adding that the officers witnessed the 'miracle of childbirth.'
Lifesaver: After her first cry, the baby began struggling to breathe, but Officer Reynolds was able to clear her airway, earning him a hug from the grateful dad (pictured)
Back-up: The ambulance finally arrived and the mother and daughter were whisked to a nearby hospital. They are in a stable condition
Proud papa: New dad Abdul Abdashiek is pictured cradling his baby daughter Hadaya, which means 'gift' in Arabic
After her first full-throated cry, the newborn began struggling to breathe, but Officer Reynolds was able to clear the baby's airway and got her breathing again.
The ambulance then arrived and whisked the mother and daughter to an area hospital in stable condition.
An audio recording of the birth, including the baby's first cries, was captured by the officers, as was video footage of the new father thanking each of the assisting officers with a handshake and a hug.
The Seattle Police Blotter, the department's official blog, reported that Abdashiek and his wife, Maly Yusuf, later sent them a note thanking the officers for their heroic actions.
'You have helped deliver a precious gift,' the message read. 'We are so grateful.'
This happy fellow is Matthew Foote, 25, who has been arrested on a bizarre alleged crime. Police say that the Florida man because convinced that the family dog (a 7-year-old Dachshund Chihuahua mix) was possessed by the devil and proceeded to stab and skin the animal.
Foote says that he was recently in New Orleans and believed that evil spirits followed him — perhaps spreading through the water.
The court has wisely set him down for psychiatric evaluation. This may be a case where the underlying sentence for third-degree felony cruelty to animals is less than the time he could be held as criminally insane. Anyone who would stab, mutilates, and burn a dog as a possessed demon is presumptively a danger to society.
Source: WALA
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
When news broke that the autism spectrum categories of Asperger's disorder and Pervasive Developmental Disorder-Not Otherwise Specified (PDD-NOS) would get subsumed into the wider maw of a general “autism disorder,” people worried. They worried about autistic people who are quite verbal or who have typical cognitive skills. What would happen to individuals whose autism doesn't manifest in those terms as profound? The biggest concern was a new category for the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)-5, social communication disorder. Would people like my son, diagnosed with Asperger's and whose autism includes echolalia, anxiety, motor deficits, repetitive behaviors, learning differences, and other features well beyond the social, get rolled into what looks like a flimsy, catchall not-safety net of “social communication disorders”? And what other kind of communication is there if not social?
Based on early reports, the concerns were legit. One alarming presentation at a January 2012 conference in Iceland claimed that only 45% of people diagnosed with Asperger's disorder or PDD-NOS would retain an autism spectrum diagnosis under the new guidelines. Those findings were preliminary and controversial, but further worrisome conference reports trickled in, all suggesting that the new autism diagnostic criteria proposed for the DSM-5 would exclude a good-sized percentage of people currently diagnosed on the autism spectrum.
Then a peer-reviewed version of the study presented in Iceland emerged in March 2012 suggesting that the new criteria would be pretty good at excluding appropriately people who aren't on the autism spectrum but have limited ability to capture people who are. According to that study, the autistic people who would be overlooked under the new guidelines happen to be those without intellectual disability and who would fit the current criteria for Asperger's disorder or PDD-NOS. People like my son.
Each of these studies had some limitation--the choice of population, not originally designed to evaluate DSM-5 criteria--that made their conclusions wiggly. Now there's a new study out, one packed with data, focused on three clinical populations with different features, assessing how well the new criteria compare to the old in capturing autistic people and excluding the non-autistic. The headlines promise us that we will see “less impact” with the new definition or that the proposed guidelines “won't miss autism cases” much more than the old ones. That, of course, begs the question of why we'd need to change the criteria at all.
But a review of the paper (abstract here) calls into question blithe assurances that people who might fit current Asperger's and PDD-NOS diagnoses have nothing to worry about. What the authors really found was that the new criteria could end up excluding about 1 out of 10 children who meet the existing criteria for spectrum disorders. Given the oft-trumpeted 1 in 88 with autism in the United States, that rate of exclusion of people who should be included translates into a ten of thousands of individuals. And let's not forget that the existing criteria, according to this study, correctly identify those who have autism at a higher rate than the proposed criteria do.
Where the old and new might distinctively part ways is in how well they exclude people who don't have autism from receiving an autism diagnosis. The old criteria don't do this as well, although how well depends on the specific population and diagnosis. From where I'm sitting, it looks like we're making an untenable bargain: missing out on more people who have autism to avoid misdiagnosing people as having it when they don't. The people we miss will live with an unrecognized disability that interventions and supports could help, and the people diagnosed with it who don't have it will receive therapies that may or may not help them. Is no better option available? I think there is.
In their discussion, the authors make the following worrisome and strange observation:
Given concerns that the restricted and repetitive behavior requirement might lead to reduced identification of children previously diagnosed with ASDs under DSM-IV and possible misclassification as social communication disorder, we examined why some children with PDDs did not meet the DSM-5 criteria. In all three groups, most children who did not meet the criteria did so because they did not demonstrate the required impairments in social and communication functioning, and not because they did not meet the restricted and repetitive behavior criteria. In fact, few children did not meet the restricted and repetitive behavior requirement in DSM-5. These results suggest that few children with ASDs are likely to be misclassified as having social communication disorder and lend further support to the addition of the restricted and repetitive behavior criterion.
If I'm reading that reticulated verbiage correctly--and I tried it before, during, and after coffee--some children who had pervasive developmental disorders failed to meet the new DSM-5 criteria for autism because they did not have the “required impairments in social communication and functioning.” Yet they tended to meet the repetitive and restrictive behavior criteria, which was unexpected following a report finding the contrary. It's been my experience that those behaviors themselves can impair social communication function, so it's difficult for me to see how a clinician draws a clean line between, say, “repetitive questioning or extreme distress at small changes” (under repetitive/restrictive behavior) and “difficulties adjusting behavior to suit different social contexts” (social communication). And what happens to children--this study did not address autistic adults--who slip through a diagnostic crack because of this failure to meet the social communication criterion?
As it turns out, that particular category of symptoms continues to be the most problematic among the new criteria. The authors say that the results “revealed potential challenges in the interpretation of DSM-5 criterion A3.” If you read “criterion A3,” you can see why:
Deficits in developing and maintaining relationships, appropriate to developmental level (beyond those with caregivers); ranging from difficulties adjusting behavior to suit different social contexts through difficulties in sharing imaginative play and in making friends to an apparent absence of interest in people.
That's so open to interpretation as to be irrelevant.
I talked to a clinical expert about it. Deborah Budding, neuropsychologist and supervising faculty at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center's Neuropsychology training program, in addition to being in private practice, wrote to me that this finding also increases concerns that the criteria addressing language and communication will still exclude specific groups, such as the most superficially verbally adept on the spectrum, like my compulsively verbalizing son. The social communication section requires that all criteria be met, she said, and “this will essentially exclude people with superficially ‘good' language--large vocabularies and oromotor skills allowing intelligibility--who nevertheless struggle to actually use language effectively to communicate.” What she references there is pragmatic language, the ability to use those big vocabularies as a tool to communicate with others. From our experience, the big vocabulary words get a lot of play because they're fun to say, over and over again, not for the meaning they carry.
Girls are a particular concern. They may form a fairly large hidden corner of the autism spectrum, obscured by social communication functions normed to a male population but diminished in their functional capacities among other girls. Girls who are officially diagnosed as autistic tend to have more intense manifestations, possibly because those less intensely affected don't ping the clinical radar. This latest study involved children who were on the radar, and the girls it assessed could well be a selected subpopulation of the most severely affected. This selection would have flattened any sex-based distinctions that might have emerged about how effective the new criteria would be at diagnosing females.
The authors themselves recognize some of the failings of the criteria, noting that “there is much room for improvement with respect to specificity,” the accurate exclusion of people who do not have autism. But, they say, the stated goal of the DSM-5 committee was to do a better job of separating autism spectrum disorders from non-spectrum disorders, which they list as “language disorders, intellectual disability, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and anxiety disorder.” Was a loss of more autistic people to an accurate diagnosis the marching companion of that goal?
The thing is, the newly proposed criteria do contain one requirement that, I think, should outshine and outscore all categorization or labels. Holding to this single requirement could resolve this endless dilution of the validity of psychiatric labels, which get no help from now-you-see-it-now-you-don't diagnoses like Asperger's. It's the fourth item they list, and it reads as follows, simply: “Symptoms together limit and impair everyday functioning.”
And I close with this question: If we identify symptoms that are limiting to everyday functioning, why do we even have to slot them into a label? Labels for syndromes have current uses, such as obtaining services or insurance payments, but wouldn't symptoms that negatively affect everyday function serve the same purpose? Among other things, addressing specific symptoms for mitigation instead of slapping on labels could reduce the stigma that some labels carry. We all have gaps that need mitigating. If we addressed specific gaps instead of wholesale labels, we'd all overlap with each other in some way, for anxiety, attention deficits, compulsive or obsessive or impulsive behaviors, depression, mania, intellectual disability or learning differences in specific areas, or addiction--and it would be a lot harder to stigmatize what we have in common, regardless of our overall neurobiology. Furthermore, we wouldn't have to worry about applying lists of criteria that result in the wrong labels or therapies for the wrong people, or--worse in my mind--overlooking entirely the people who need help and support.
Build 2014 April 7th, 2014
I spent last week in San Francisco at Microsoft's Build conference. Build is an annual (at least I think it's going to be) event the company holds at Moscone West to share their latest offerings for Windows, mobile, and Azure. I'm not a developer for any of the Windows platforms. Glassboard, however, runs on Microsoft Azure so I was interested in attending both to learn about the new offerings and to put some names and faces together with people I've started interacting with recently.
Overall it was a positive experience as someone who only recently dipped his toes back into what Microsoft is doing recently. The last time I used (or even cared) about Microsoft technology was the late 90's when they were a giant, evil corporation who was charged with being a monopoly. I switched to the Mac when OS X was announced in 2000 and hadn't really touched since.
Fast forward 14 years later and Microsoft seems to be a whole new company. New products. New CEO. New development offerings. And less of a focus on Windows, Windows, Windows.
Sure, Windows is a key part of the Microsoft ecosystem (and rightly so), but it also no longer seems to be the central focus that directs everything they do. I sat through two THREE Hours (emphasis mine because oh my god so long) keynotes that prominently featured iOS devices, the Apple logo, iPads, Androids, and even Linux. A few years ago this was the company that dismissed iOS as a failure to launch and instead focused on how they could go from a Windows computer on every desk to a Windows Phone in every pocket.
Windows Phone is still a key piece of technology for them (and 8.1 looks great), but they realize that integrating their services into the other platforms as first-class citizens is best for business.
Whether this was a plan set in place by Ballmer before he left, or new under new CEO Satya Nadella's watch I don't know. As an outside just starting to look in, however, it's refreshing.
A True Partner
One of the biggest differences I noticed between an event like Build and WWDC was in the subtle messaging. Both Apple and Microsoft are massive companies that make billions of dollars and answer to their shareholders. Both companies also offer development platforms for third-parties to integrate with.
What's different though is that it feels like Microsoft is more interested in working with us as a partner whereas Apple has always given off a vibe of just sort of dealing with us because they have to. Maybe that's a little sour grape, but as a developer it was a nice change.
Build was announced far in advance allowing people ample time to schedule and book their travel. Microsoft released the full schedule of the event the night before so you could plan your week out in advance (or just decide to wait for the videos later on). They even provided previews (and access) to upcoming technologies that aren't ready just yet, but to give us an eye on where they see things going.
It was cool to get a free Xbox One to play Titanfall on, but they also had several sessions during Build that talked about how to actually build an application that can run on that Xbox so that when the time comes that they release a full SDK and support for that, developers will be ready. They provided that to everyone, not just a few select partners that also share a stock ticker symbol.
Open Source
Microsoft isn't exactly a showman company. The keynotes were well presented, but they also lacked the pizazz of an Apple event where everything feels as cool as a night out with Frank and Dean.
The one area where I sat up and thought “OK, that was cool” was when Anders Hejlsberg publicly open sourced the new Roslyn C# compiler platform on the Keynote stage at the end of his demo.
Roslyn is a key piece of technology for the future of Microsoft and they're now managing it as an open source project. This allows for a few things: outside contributions and feedback on the platform from fellow developers for one. More importantly, it allows the Xamarin folks who had implemented their own C# compiler to work on MonoTouch. It's now possible for Microsoft and Xamarin to collaborate together on a single compiler rather than both building in parallel.
Apple has the LLVM project, which is similar in many ways, but I also can't imagine them working with a third-party vendor such as RubyMotion (for lack of a better example) to make their jobs easier.
I still hope that some day Apple will open source the core iOS and OS X frameworks the same way Microsoft does with .Net and Google does with Android. I'm not holding my breath, but I can dream.
Overall though, Microsoft seems to be embracing open source in new and interesting ways that the old Microsoft never seemed to care about. Previously when they open sourced a piece of technology it's because they were no longer interested in it. Now, key pieces of functionality that the future of the company is based on are out in the open.
Bizarro WWDC
A week or two before Build, I received a text message from Dave Wiskus of Q Branch/Vesper asking if I was still attending Build. He then informed me that he, Gruber and Brent would be attending the conference as well as part of the keynote.
2.5 hours into the second day keynote, lo and behold my long-time Mac and iOS development friends showed up on a Microsoft stage talking about how Vesper's sync services are powered by Microsoft Azure.
None of those guys are Windows users. None of them are Windows Phone users either. They're happily using Microsoft's cloud services platform to power the backend of their iOS only app.
It was a bit surreal to experience Moscone West with a few other long-time WWDC attendees and compare how similar (and positive) our experiences seemed to be. Outside of there being a DJ spinning house beats above a sea of coding nerds on level 2, we came away impressed.
Showing The Other Side
Kind of excited that @justin and @gruber and @brentsimmons are all doing high-visibility Microsoft stuff. Competition is good. — Michael Yacavone (@notio) April 4, 2014
If you follow me on Twitter, you were probably pretty tired of seeing me tweet things with hashtag #bldwin (you're lucky I was kind enough to hash them so you could mute if desired). The reason for the excess tweeting was twofold:
First, I tweet a lot anyway. Second, and more importantly, I know my audience is primarily filled with Mac and iOS developers. We're all fairly busy people and may not always look up to see what is happening outside of the Apple ecosystem.
Build allowed me three days to immerse myself in technologies that I know almost nothing about. I came away impressed with it too. For all its past faults, the New Microsoft is doing things that are on the cutting edge of technology. Their Rx extensions library is everything I hope ReactiveCocoa could be: a fully functional extension to the core C# language built and maintained by Microsoft. Their unit and integration testing story for Windows Phone is light years beyond what either Apple or Google offer for their respective mobile platforms.
Avoiding Longhorn 2015
John Siracusa has a famous article called Copland 2010 where he talks about Apple's need to begin looking for a replacement for Objective-C and the Cocoa frameworks before they get to the point where it's too late and they're in for several years of hurt much like the transition from Classic macOS to OS X.
I still love Objective-C and the Cocoa frameworks, but having worked on Glassboard's Azure backend and Android app in parallel, I've seen a different world outside of the Apple prism. What we have is good, but there's so much more potential to be great with the emerging and more modern development technologies out there.
With things like C#, the Roslyn compiler/frameworks, and the modern WinRT runtime, it feels like Microsoft is way ahead of Apple in the future looking regard. As a developer, I'm jealous of a lot of the technologies coming out of Microsoft. As a user? They've got a long ways to go before I consider using Windows over a Mac.
That said, this is the new Microsoft. They don't need me to use Windows or Windows Phone as long as I use Microsoft services like Azure, Office 365 and the like.
I can't believe I'm excited about and interested in working with so many Microsoft technologies. The times are a changin'.
Turkish hair removal product ad featuring Khalid Sheikh Mohammed pic.twitter.com/KImYWPjaop — yusuf sayman (@ysfsymn) October 31, 2014
A Turkish cosmetics company committed—in nonadvertising speak—a bit of a marketing no-no when it used a picture of 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in a recent ad campaign. The company, in an attempt to hawk its hair removal products, repurposed a picture of the al-Qaida leader accompanied by a caption urging Turkish men to act now. “The ad for the hair removal product reads, in Turkish, ‘Waiting won't get rid of that hair!' or, more literally, ‘The hair will not go away because you keep waiting!' ” according to Turkey's English-language paper, Hurriyet Daily News.
The image of KSM, as Vox points out, is ubiquitous, and the picture—taken when KSM was captured in Pakistan in 2003—was for many years the only known photo of the terrorist leader who is currently a prisoner in Guantánamo. The company said they used the photo “for his hair, not terrorism” and employed the meme-defense to explain the screw up to the Hurriyet Daily News.
“We didn't know that he was a terrorist. This image is in popular use in Turkish memes on the Internet. The guy is quite hairy, so we thought his body was a good fit for our ad,” Mehmet Can Yıldız, a representative for the cosmetics company, told Hürriyet via phone on Nov. 4. Yıldız said the company had discovered the image on İnci Sözlük, a Turkish online social community website that can be described as Turkey's answer to 4chan.org. “Several popular caps [humorously captioned images] were produced with his photo. Most were related to insomnia,” he added. “We didn't want to imply anything political. We didn't know that it could become an international story. I repeat: We featured him for his hair, not terrorism,” Yıldız said.
Both Microsoft and Sony are offering gamers a way to upgrade select titles they have purchased for the Xbox 360 and PS3 to the Xbox One and PS4 versions. That way, you purchase the current gen game on release, and then can upgrade to the next-gen version at a heavily discounted price when it becomes available.
Sony has now revealed exactly how that digital upgrade will work for the four games it supports as part of the program, and depending on how you buy, it may require PS3 discs be inserted into a PS4 for the games to function.
Sony's digital upgrade program supports the following titles:
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag
Call of Duty: Ghosts
Watch Dogs
Battlefield 4
If you purchase digital copies of those games through PSN then the upgrade to the PS4 version is simple as everything is tied to your PSN account. Things get a little more complicated if you purchase the PS3 versions on disc, though.
Each physical copy will have a code included with the disc which you need to enter on the PlayStation Store. That code is then tied to your PSN account. Then, when you get a PS4 you can purchase one of the four games mentioned above through the PlayStation Store and the discount will be automatically applied to the price you pay.
Sony wants to ensure you don't then sell on your copy of the PS3 game, so in order to play the PS4 version you must have the PS3 game inserted into the console. So Sony has implemented some kind of verification check on the PS3 discs to make sure the upgrade was legit and you own the PS3 game.
I can understand why Sony decided to do that as it stops a glut of used PS3 games appearing on the market. But they didn't need to do this. The code included with the PS3 versions only work once, so it's not like you can share the disc with your friends and get the same cheap PS4 game upgrades.
Brandon Phillips has twice used his no-trade protection to block deals this offseason, and Reds president of baseball operations Walt Jocketty hasn't been talking to any other teams about acquiring the second baseman, C. Trent Rosecrans of the Cincinnati Enquirer reports.
“I haven't had any discussions since the Arizona thing and he didn't accept that one,” Jocketty said, indicating that talks with the Diamondbacks progressed far enough that Phillips was approached about waiving his 10-and-5 rights. This came on the heels of Phillips more publicly turning down an agreed-upon trade between the Reds and Nationals since he wanted a contract extension as a condition of accepting the deal. Washington and Arizona have both moved on by adding other middle infielders (Daniel Murphy and Jean Segura, respectively) so it's unclear as to what market, if any, might remain for Phillips' services.
Phillips, 34, hit .294/.328/.395 with 12 homers over 623 plate appearances for Cincinnati in 2015. While his numbers were modest as a whole and, as per his 96 wRC+, below league average, it still represented Phillips' best offensive performance since 2012. Phillips also still showed defensive value at the keystone, with positive numbers in both Defensive Runs Saved (+5) and UZR/150 (+2.1).
While Phillips is still productive, he also turns 35 in June and is owed $27MM through the 2017 season. That contract has undoubtedly kept some teams from exploring trades, though it could be a moot point if Phillips is unwilling to waive his no-trade protection for anything less than another healthy financial commitment.
The Reds also may have Phillips' eventual replacement on hand in Jose Peraza, though Reds manager Bryan Price is still planning to use the veteran as his everyday choice at the keystone. “Brandon, for me, is a second baseman of tremendous value and talent, it's hard to just assign someone else that job. If Brandon's with us, I expect him to be playing second base,” Price said. Both Price and Jocketty indicated that Peraza could see some playing time at shortstop or in the outfield as well as second this season.
The accompanying graphic reveals the extent of cross pollination between those who set policy at a state and federal level in the coal seam gas industry and those who seek to profit from it - as direct participants or as advocates for the companies. Green's MP Jeremy Buckingham says the revolving door between politics and the mining sector has utterly undermined the community's faith in our ability to regulate mining and CSG. "It's very concerning to see a decision maker who helped to create the industry now spruiking it," he says. "The community feel that often it's just a foregone conclusion and that the government is paying lip service to regulation".
The Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration, the coal seam gas industry body, declined to comment when contacted by Fairfax Media. Often politicians and political staffers jump directly into a role that involves them advocating for the companies, unrestrained by rules that are designed to provide cooling-off periods between politics and business. For instance Martin Ferguson, the former Labor resources minister, became chairman of the advisory committee for the peak oil and gas industry association, the Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration Association, six months after leaving politics. He has been a fierce advocate of CSG, arguing that NSW must forge ahead with development of CSG in order to achieve "energy security for NSW." His colleagues, Greg Combet, the former Gillard government minister for Climate change and Craig Emerson, her minister for Trade, waited a year before penning an opinion article in support of the CSG industry in the Australian Financial Review.
They are both working as economic consultants to AGL and Santos, the two biggest players in CSG in NSW. Former National party leaders, John Anderson and Mark Vaile also moved into high profile roles in mining and CSG companies after politics. John Anderson became chairman of Eastern Star Gas, the company behind the Narrabri Gas project about two years after leaving politics. Mark Vaile became a director and then chairman of Whitehaven coal, the company behind one of the state's most controversial mines at Maules Creek. He is regularly seen in the corridors of Macquarie Street. There are state and federal rules that impose cooling-off periods for politicians and senior bureaucrats who move government to lobbying, but the act of lobbying is defined very narrowly to prevent only "gun for hire" third party lobbying. This leaves politicians free to take jobs at industry associations and in business. In NSW minister must seek advice from the ethics adviser before taking private sector jobs. The most high profile shift between politics and the mining industry has been Stephen Galilee, who is the former chief of staff for then Treasurer, Mike Baird. Galilee moved soon in late 2011 to become chief executive of the NSW Minerals Council. A spokesman for the council said it does not lobby on the gas industry - it leaves that to APPEA - but it is intimately involved in all things mining including the planning and environmental regimes.
As an advocate for an "an association or organisation constituted to represent the interests of its members" - Galilee was free to move from advising the government one month to representing the industry the next. Those who encounter Galilee say he is very professional in the way he deals with politicians who once would have sought his counsel. But there are a myriad of informal relationships that are less obvious to those being lobbied and to the public at large. These long standing personal relationships work to ensure a company can pick up the phone to a politician or adviser in the office if there is an issue at hand or a meeting is needed. Take for example, AGL Energy, one of the two biggest players in CSG in NSW. AGL tends to favour in-house representation in its dealings with politicians. The current head of government relations is Lisa Harrington, who was until 2013 a senior adviser to Mike Baird. She replaced Sarah Macnamara at AGL, who went back to work in the Prime Minister's office with her old colleague Peta Credlin whom she knew from her days in Communications minister, Helen Coonan's office. Macnamara was Abbott's policy adviser on resources for a year and is now chief of staff to the federal minister for industry (and resources) Ian Macfarlane. Shaughn Morgan, AGL's manager of Government and external affairs, has similarly impressive credentials on the Labor side. He was an adviser to NSW Attorney General Jeff Shaw in the 1990s and worked with Adam Searle, now Labor's NSW resources spokesman. Morgan also has connections with another important constituency for the CSG industry - farmers - having been CEO of the NSW Farmers' Federation for four years. And Senator Coonan is still not far from the action. The firm she co-chairs with former Labor minister, John Dawkins, GRA Cosway is listed on the Federal register of lobbyists for AGL.
Santos, the other major player in CSG in NSW has tended to employ staff from Coalition ministers' offices and also uses external lobbying firms. Robert Underdown, manager group government and public policy joined Santos in 2009 after five years in federal resources minister Ian Macfarlane's office that spanned government and opposition. The manager public affairs, Matthew Doman, had stints in Liberal minister, Nick Minchin's office and with National leader, Mark Vaile, before joining Santos. In NSW, Santos has at least two lobbying companies on its books: Bespoke Approach whose directors include the former premier, John Olsen, and former federal Labor senator, Nick Bolkus, both from Santos's home state of South Australia. Kreab Gavin Anderson, whose directors include people who have worked for the ALP secretariat and a former media adviser to Anthony Roberts, are also on the register for Santos.
Like AGL, Santos also has impeccable connections with Baird's staff. A senior adviser in Baird's office, Caroline Hutcherson spent several months working for Santos after her previous employer, then resources minister, Chris Hartcher resigned from Cabinet in December 2013 due to an ICAC inquiry. A spokesman for the Premier said Ms Hutcherson's role was managing parliamentary business and she was not advising the premier on CSG. Ms Hutcherson was not the only one to find a job in the resources sector after Hartcher's political career imploded. Hartcher's chief of staff, Andrew Humpherson is consulting to the NSW Minerals Council; Charles Perrottet has landed a job with BP Australia. Some staffs come back the other way. Chris Rath, the former media and public policy manager for the NSW Minerals Council for the last two years, returned this month to Macquarie Street as an adviser to Resources Minister, Anthony Roberts. He is working on industry policy rather than CSG and mining, and a spokesman for the Minerals Council said they were deliberately steering away from him. Of course, ministers want staff with expertise but there are no requirements for "gardening leave" when moving between industry and adviser roles, leaving it to individual ministers' offices to manage potential conflicts. The issue with movements the other way - from government to industry - raise other issues most notably the risk that there may be a period of negotiation between the adviser and the new employer of which the minister is not aware.
Given the deep pockets and extraordinary reach of the mining and gas industry into all levels of government, it's hardly surprising that community groups often feel outgunned in the lobbying stakes. If there's no shortage of gas, why do we need the coal seam gas industry? The companies which dominate CSG are determined to forge ahead with the exploitation CSG exploration licences to capitalise on soaring export prices of liquid natural Gas (LNG) to Asia. In December 2014 the first shipment of CSG, converted to LNG, left from Queensland bound for Asia. Historically, the east coast gas market was insulated from the rest of the world, and the domestic wholesale price was stable at about $3 to $4 a gigajoule. Now, there are buyers across Asia prepared to pay $12 or $13. That will inevitably translate to much higher domestic prices and higher profits for the gas producers. It will also give renewed impetus to exploration. The latest argument from the industry in support of exploiting CSG in NSW is that NSW needs to ensure "energy security" and must reduce its reliance on gas imported from other states, notably Victoria, and Queensland.
Speaking at a CEDA conference in April, former federal Resources minister, Martin Ferguson, now the chairman of the peak body representing the coal seam gas industry, Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration Association, APPEA, said NSW was vulnerable if it did not exploit its own CSG reserves. He said NSW imported nearly 95 per cent of its gas, which left it dependent on other states. But is it really a problem to import gas from South Australia, Victoria or Queensland? As Tony Wood, director of the energy program at the Grattan Institute put it: "Do you have a cow in your back yard?" Rather he argues that it's a question of where the investment should be made - expanding the eastern Gas pipeline versus investing in a local coal seam gas industry.
The CSG industry, which has already made significant investments in exploration, wants the latter. "The Baird government has a mandate to get on with the development of the gas industry," Mr Ferguson said of the Coalition's emphatic win at the polls. So far the premier is hastening slowly, mindful of the backlash in some seats and the views of the National Party, which is divided on the issue. The next stages of the Gas Plan will be implemented in coming months and the moratorium on further gas exploration is likely to remain until later in the year. CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story was amended to remove an incorrect reference to former deputy Prime Minister John Anderson's gain on the sale of Eastern Star Gas to Santos.
as 70 percent of the first 10 million Samsung Galaxy S4 units will ship with a Qualcomm chip under the bonnet.
The news comes as no surprise, as it became clear that the Snapdragon 600 will power quite a few S4s just days after Samsung introduced the phone. Since the Exynos 5 Octa lacks LTE, it was to be expected in a number of markets where LTE matters, including the US and parts of Europe.
However, lack of onboard LTE is apparently not the only reason Samsung chose to use the Snapdragon 600. According to Korean ETNEws, via Unwiredview, Samsung's LSI division failed to meet production targets. The new chip apparently had some performance issues and not enough chips were stamped out in time for launch.
The Exynos 5 Octa is Samsung's first 28nm SoC. Samsung's 28nm process came online late last year and something apparently went wrong. With a window of just a few months before the S4 launch, Samsung was clearly cutting it dangerously close. Transitioning to a new process and a new architecture is always risky. That is why Intel employs the tick-tock approach and doesn't change processes and architectures in the same cycle. Nvidia also faced issues with its Tegra 4 SoC, another 28nm SoC with A15 cores.
The clear winner in all this is Qualcomm. Samsung and Nvidia lost quite a bit of time on their 28nm/A15 transition and in the incredibly competitive mobile SoC market every month counts. Consumers also stand to lose. Having multiple high-end phones based on three different chips would have been quite a bit more interesting, but now it seems most if not all flagship phones coming in the first half of the year will be based on the Qualcomm 600.
Don't get us wrong, it's a neat little chip, but things might get a bit boring.
“Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.” – Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Spring Break of my freshman year of college I went on a 4-day backpacking trip in the Gila Wilderness of New Mexico. My partner in adventure, Lucas, was a former Wyoming backpacking guide turned potter-philosopher, the perfect companion for days wandering the woods processing what comes about with the sudden cleaving from the static of modern living. A year prior we had traipsed around Wrangell-St. Elias National Park in Alaska on a 14-day trip that cemented our friendship…and wanderlust.
While discussing the details of the Gila trip, we decided to challenge ourselves to go ultralight. The total weight of our gear, including backpack, could not exceed 20lbs. It seemed fairly simple, but after pulling out my backpack I was shocked to learn that I'd been carrying around 50lbs of gadgets, gizmos and outdoor accoutrement on previous trips. Shuddering at the ridiculousness of trying to take so much of the world with me when the point was to leave it behind, I began to scrub my packing list.
I started with a quick kill of substituting a one-man bivouac sac (1lb 10oz) for the two-man tent (9lbs) I had previously carried. Next was less clothing, a foam pad instead of an inflatable one, a small aluminum pot rather than a cooking set, etc….it took a while, but I finally got it down to 20lbs. Then the “what if's” began to flood my mind. What if we got stuck out there for longer? What if we didn't have enough food, clothing, and emergency gear? I threw in a few extra granola bars just to calm my nerves.
After one day on the trail my fears were alleviated, and Lucas and I knew we were on to something big – the benefits of going ultralight far outweighed any losses in comfort or feelings of security. Nights around the fire were previously spent nursing sore bodies; now we felt great. The amount of mileage we comfortably traveled in a day doubled as we found ourselves jogging down small sections of the trail when we got restless. Scrambling up steep sections would have been slow torture with 50lbs on our backs; now we were able to go explore remote areas that offered the best scenic views.
After 4-days we had covered over 25-miles, but it had seemed much less. To say the trip went well would be an understatement – in going ultralight we had unexpectedly discovered the benefits of minimalism – simplicity, efficiency and freedom.
The Goods Life
“The things you own end up owning you.” –Tyler Durden, Fight Club
It had been 7 years since my Gila trip and life had moved forward. There was now a wife, baby, and career. I found myself roaming the halls of our newly-built 3-bed, 2-bath suburban home fuming that we didn't have enough storage space. During college I could carry everything I owned in the back of my Dodge pickup. Now 1,600 square feet was not adequate to house our growing collection of stuff. Something was wrong with this picture. How had I accumulated so many random things in such a short period?
I wondered, “Had men in the past confronted this suffocating malady?” Somehow I couldn't imagine John Wayne wondering where to put his new artisan wine rack.
My father came to mind. His possessions never occupied a greater place in his life than seemed due. As a boy I used to sit on the bed watching him as he went through his end-of-day routine. Cuff links, handkerchief, pocket knife, wallet – each used on a daily basis, each set in their proper place on top of his dresser. Yes, my dad had “things,” but only what he needed and nothing more. Like a well-seasoned outdoorsman, he understood exactly what was necessary to survive, each tool having a specific purpose. Granted, my father was a lawyer so his days were spent surviving the jungles of the courtroom rather than those of some remote continent, but the manliness of his effortless utility left a great impression on me even then.
Thinking about men I admired, it dawned on me that most had a quiet contempt towards any excess of material possessions. Their expertise and confidence were displayed by the fact that they did not require much to live successfully. They could just as easily get along for a week in the woods with nothing but a knife as they could living in a posh suburban neighborhood with all its amenities. Possessions had no control over the trajectory of their lives. They were not gadget junkies, seeking their fix from the latest Best Buy sale. They were in control of the things they owned, not the other way around. Real manliness meant freedom from the bondage of material goods.
Inspiration charged through my blood, but then came the inevitable “now what?” I wanted to shatter the bonds of materialist slavery, but how did that idea translate into real life, with all its strollers, high-definition t.v.'s and bread makers? As I searched for answers…and storage space, I stumbled upon my backpack and was immediately reminded of Lucas and my adventures. Like a bolt of suburban-lightening, a thought came to me:
Just as I needed to scrub my packing list for the Gila trip, my lifestyle of uber-consumption needed a similar scrubbing. Simplicity, efficiency and freedom weren't just for outdoor adventures, they were for the in-between times as well.
Learning to Live the Minimalist Life
“Simplicity, simplicity, simplicity! I say let your affairs be as one, two, three and not a hundred or a thousand… We are happy in proportion to the things we can do without.” – Henry David Thoreau.
Lucas and I had uncovered a more efficient way to backpack; I needed a more efficient way for my family and I to live. Surfing the internet for others with similar problems, I found blog after blog praising the benefits of the minimalist lifestyle. It appeared that our family wasn't the only one fed up with the constant accumulation of things.
After reading tales of people taking positive action to reduce the amount of clutter in their lives, I ended up at the blog of Mr. Zen Habits himself, Leo Babauta. The man whose blog has brought the art of less to thousands had just written an e-book, “The Simple Guide to a Minimalist Life,” where he answered the question, “what is the minimalist lifestyle?” with the following,
It's one that is stripped of the unnecessary, to
make room for that which gives you joy. It's a removal of clutter in all its forms,
leaving you with peace and freedom and
lightness. A minimalist eschews the mindset of more, of
acquiring and consuming and shopping, of
bigger is better, of the burden of stuff. A minimalist instead embraces the beauty of
less, the aesthetic of spareness, a life of
contentedness in what we need and what
makes us truly happy. A minimalist realizes that acquiring stuff
doesn't make us happy. That earning more
and having more are meaningless. That
filling your life with busy-ness and
freneticism isn't desirable, but something to
be avoided. A minimalist values quality, not quantity, in
all forms.
The last point stuck. The great men I knew didn't care about having much, but what they did possess had value. Whether by connection to a time, place, or person, the things in their life meant something. An old pocket watch, a beautifully engraved humidor, a good pair of work boots that had lasted a lifetime — ageless, well-crafted…quality. And though they had value, the possessions of these men were held onto loosely. They seemed to understand that like a handful of sand, the tighter you squeeze the less you can hold.
At the end of my life what would my children and their children find as they searched through my belongings? Boxes upon boxes of useless crap, once trendy and exciting, now just a burden to be thrown out? Or a few heart-felt belongings to be passed down through generations? Not things by which to be held captive, but meaningful items to be used, enjoyed and eventually passed on to someone else.
And so I began going through each room of my house, searching for one item to throw or give away. It wasn't life-changing, but it was a start. With each room I began to realize that many of the things I had purchased with such anticipation and fanfare had quickly been relegated to a dark corner of the closet as their novelty wore off, never to be touched again. I knew that possessions didn't equal happiness, but it was apparent that I had been learning this lesson over and over again for the past several years. Each small step towards a life of less felt like a powerful blow to what had become a vicious cycle.
So, you ask, is throwing away a few old books or t-shirts every once and in awhile all it means to be a minimalist? Hardly. While decluttering your life is a great place to start, minimalism is about changing one's whole approach to life and opting out of the race to accumulate more. Advertising convinces us of needs we didn't know existed and exploits our emptiness by promising fulfillment for a few easy payments of $19.99. The shopping mall has become our temple, the credit card our burnt offering…yet, the sacrifice is never sufficient for salvation. Being a minimalist means one simply quits buying in. The following are the principles of living the minimalist life as laid out by Babauta:
Leo's Principles of Living the Minimalist Life
1. Omit needless things. Notice this doesn't say to omit everything. Just needless things.
2. Identify the essential. What's most important to you? What makes you happy? What will have the highest impact on your life, your career?
3. Make everything count. Whatever you do or keep in your life, make it worthy of keeping. Make it really count.
4. Fill your life with joy. Don't just empty your life. Put something wonderful in it.
5. Edit, edit. Minimalism isn't an end point. It's a constant process of editing, revisiting, editing some more.
I would add the following:
6. Hold on loosely. Even to your prized possessions. At the end of the day its relationships, not possessions, that make life worth living.
It's simple, not easy. But the rewards of digging into the minimalist life are there for anyone willing to take a few small steps each day. Of course, most will choose to continue their present habits, but as for me and my house, we've chosen a life of less…and in doing so have gained so much more.
Commentary: Hey Arnold Schwarzenegger, how about a fitness museum?
Los Angeles would be the perfect home for such an institution, and the bodybuilding legend (and actor and former governor) could help make it happen.
Schwarzenegger himself — a champion bodybuilder from Austria who moved to Venice Beach, became a seven-time Mr. Olympia and rode the 1977 documentary "Pumping Iron" to fame and fortune — is a key player in the L.A. fitness phenomenon, which has its origins in the 1930s.
"When you think of fitness, you start with the Greeks, then instantly go to Muscle Beach," says Joe Moore, president of Boston-based IHRSA, the International Health, Racquet & Sportsclub Assn. "The great pioneers all did it in L.A."
A world-class museum spotlighting the history, iconic figures and influence of fitness in America and throughout the world does not exist. But it should — and it should be in L.A. Fueled by sunshine, sandy beaches and Hollywood star power, the City of Angels has been the epicenter of fitness practically since the word existed.
Things look a little rough for Arnold Schwarzenegger right now. But as tarnished politicians (think Eliot Spitzer), businessmen (Michael Milken) and Hollywood stars (Robert Downey Jr.) have proved, it is possible to resuscitate one's image with purposeful hard work. And there might be no better avenue for Schwarzenegger than to go back to his roots and invest his celebrity, powers of persuasion and vast array of connections in a grand public project that would educate, entertain, boost the economy and properly enshrine Los Angeles' rightful place in the development of a world-renowned industry: the International Fitness Museum.
That's when East Coast bodybuilders began to congregate at the original Muscle Beach, an area studded with gymnastics rings, ladders and pull-up bars just south of the Santa Monica Pier, according to "Legends of Fitness" author Stephen Tharrett. The coastal locale provided more workout and tanning time, and by 1939 it had lured a Bay Area fitness buff named Jack LaLanne, who went on to set several world records, including doing 1,033 push-ups in a row. Before long, LaLanne and several regulars were drawing large crowds with their 20-foot human pyramids and other electrifying gymnastic feats. (By the time Schwarzenegger arrived, Muscle Beach had moved south to Venice.)
They also became pioneers of a new industry. Harold Zinkin, who won the first Mr. California bodybuilding title in 1941, invented the adjustable Universal weight-stack machines in use today in almost every gym. The first health clubs were founded in the late '40s and early '50s in Santa Monica and Pasadena by Vic Tanny and Ray Wilson, the latter licensing LaLanne's name. Millions of Americans were first exposed to exercise by watching LaLanne on his Los Angeles-based TV show, which was broadcast nationally for 27 years.
"L.A. was everything to him," says the late guru's stepson Dan Doyle, caretaker of the treasure trove of LaLanne memorabilia, inventions and videos gathering dust at his Morro Bay home and at an Oakland gym.
L.A. has long been "everything" to much of the fitness world. It boasts the highest per-capita density of health clubs in the country and a better-mousetrap mentality that makes it ground zero for nearly every modern major fitness trend and product. Consider:
• The LifeCycle (first marketed by Newport Beach's Augie Nieto in 1972) brought electronic aerobic training to gyms.
• The personal trainer (in demand after Bo Derek told Johnny Carson she used one to get in shape for the 1979 movie "10") became a must-have for stars and executives.
• Aerobic dance (which exploded with Santa Monica-based actress Jane Fonda's "Workout" tape in 1982) got women to work out in large numbers for the first time.
• In-line roller skating (patented in 1984 in Minnesota but popularized on the Venice boardwalk) made Rollerblades a necessary Christmas gift for baby boomers and kids alike.
• Spinning (the pedal-to-the music sensation created in West L.A. in 1987 by trainer-to-the-stars Johnny Goldberg) still packs millions of indoor cycling addicts into classes around the world.
Name the cutting-edge fitness trend, and inevitably it went viral in Los Angeles, be it step aerobics (invented in Atlanta by Gin Miller but mass-marketed from here in 1989), cardio kickboxing (the 1976 brainchild of Massachusetts native Billy Blanks, who popularized it here in the '90s) or kettle bells (a late 1990s Russian import from immigrant Pavel Tsatsouline). The L.A. area is also a beach volleyball destination, a triathlon hotbed, the incubator of CrossFit and the place where yoga went mainstream.
Max Browne always said he planned on making his decision early.
And, after spending the weekend at USC, Skyline's quarterback is ready to announce where he will play college football.
"It was getting hectic and to the point where I knew I'd seen enough," Browne said.
The nation's top-rated quarterback according to both Scout.com and Rivals.com confirmed Monday he will reveal his decision Wednesday.
"I got my first scholarship offer a couple days after my freshman year in high school, so I've been in the process long enough," Browne said. "I've been fortunate economically with my parents to go around the country and visit places that had interest in me and I had interest in them.
"As more and more offers came in, I was able to evaluate schools, talk to a bunch of coaches and meet some great ones but, at this point, I've seen enough. It's time to pull the trigger so I can move on to Skyline football and winning another state title."
The five-star recruit, who will pick between USC, Alabama, Oklahoma and Washington, threw for 4,034 yards and 45 touchdowns in 2011, leading Skyline to the Class 4A state championship.
Over two seasons as the Spartans' starter, Browne has thrown for 8,216 yards and 95 touchdowns.
Browne, who is working to graduate early so he can participate in spring ball his freshman year, wanted to get the decision out of the way, so he can start focusing on the the Spartans' season, which includes two major matchups against out-of-state opponents -- Manatee of Bradenton, Fla. and Cottonwood of Murray, Utah -- featuring top-tier quarterbacks -- Cottonwood's Cooper Bateman and Manatee's Cord Sandberg.
"We have a huge schedule ahead of us and I wanted to focus on it with all the guys," Browne said. "I just kind of want to move on to Skyline High School football."
Browne admitted he doesn't have a Facebook page or a Twitter account, so he was surprised that news of his announcement date spread so quickly. He caught wind of the social media buzz through text messages sent from friends.
"I haven't actually experienced that, which is probably a good thing at this point," Browne said. "It's been crazy. I've been getting a bunch of texts as it's been spreading across Twitter. It's all exciting. It's all good. I'm just looking forward to making the choice Wednesday. I couldn't be happier. I'm good with my decision."
When asked about his trip to USC Browne said, "It was great. It was actually kind of weird. It rained a little bit toward the end, but it was enjoyable. I stayed there for a while, three full days. I was definitely exhausted at the end, but I was glad I made the trip down."
Here is Browne's 2011 highlight video:
Another snapshot in Iran's cultural war….
Actress Leila Hatami has apologized after days of vitriol from Iranian clerics, media, and the Government.
Her offenses? Greeted the President of the Cannes Film Festival with a handshake and kiss on the cheek, and wearing a dress that did not reach her ankles.
According to State news agency IRNA, Hatami said she was “so sorry for hurting the feelings of some people” and put the blame on the 83-year-old Cannes President, Gilles Jacob: “He had forgotten the aforementioned rules, which comes with old age. My pre-emptive action of hand shaking was fruitless.”
Hatami is the star of A Separation, which won the 2012 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. She was on the Cannes jury this year.
After the May 15 kiss, the First Secretary of Parliament's Cultural Committee, Laleh Eftekhari, said, “We strongly condemn this sort of behavior….Artists who do not observe Iranian and Islamic rules of chastity should be seriously dealt with.”
The Rouhani Government, which has advocated an opening of the cultural sphere, did not come to Hatami's defense.
To the contrary, Culture Minister Ali Jannati said, “Her behavior was unacceptable and indefensible.”
Jannati's deputy in Parliament, Hossein Noushabadi, continued:
Iranian women, whether they are artists or not, have always been the symbol of chastity and purity. Therefore the inappropriate appearances in the Cannes Festival are not in accordance with our religious beliefs.
A Senate panel on Tuesday unanimously approved President Donald Trump's pick to represent the U.S. in trade negotiations, a position that will place Robert Lighthizer in the center of the administration's efforts to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement and other pacts Trump has criticized as detrimental to the nation's economy.
The 26-0 vote by the Senate Finance Committee now moves Lighthizer's nomination to the full Senate.
Lighthizer served as deputy U.S. trade representative under President Ronald Reagan. He has also worked on trade issues as a lawyer representing various manufacturers and high-tech companies.
Lighthizer will take his cues from a president who has broken with most Republicans in his criticism of free trade agreements. Lighthizer, who has assailed some Republicans for being too pro-free trade, told the Senate panel earlier this year that the U.S. should have an "America-first trade policy."
Some of Lighthizer's most vocal supporters came from the Democratic members of the Finance Committee. Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., said the next U.S. trade representative has to step up on trade enforcement to pry open markets for U.S.-made goods. He said he's confident that Lighthizer can meet that challenge.
The committee also voted to grant Lighthizer a waiver from a law that prohibits anyone who has represented a foreign entity in trade negotiations from being the nation's top trade representative. Democrats agreed to the waiver after earning commitments from Chairman Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, to work with them to protect coal miners' health care benefits as part of a spending bill to keep the government running.
The vote in support of Lighthizer comes just one day after the administration followed through on some of the president's tough talk on trade by announcing it would seek to impose a 20 percent tariff on softwood lumber entering the United States from Canada, a move that pleased some members of the committee.
"What's the president team did yesterday was sent the message that help was on the way," Wyden said.
Hatch said the USTR is the principle intermediary between Congress and the president on trade policy, and that the sooner the Senate confirms Lighthizer, the stronger Congress' voice will be in shaping trade policy. After the hearing, Hatch and Wyden voiced support for reviewing how to improve the North American Free Trade Agreement signed by the U.S., Canada and Mexico.
"It's over 20 years old and it's time to review it," Hatch said.
At the back end of last week, the BBFC classified Taken 2 as a 12A in the UK. That's our equivalent of a PG-13, and it was a surprising classification for a film whose predecessor was rated 15 in cinemas.
Furthermore, the original Taken got an “extended harder cut” on DVD, which took it to an 18. The decision to go for a family-friendlier rating for the cinematic release of Taken 2 was, to put a mildly, a bit baffling. You can read all about that in a bit more detail here, and our review of the new film itself here.
The problem, it seems, is we have an inversion of the situation that existed in the 80s and 90s. Back then, the full cut of a film would be in cinemas. It would be rated whatever was appropriate, with the eventual video release the more likely to be chopped. Now, things seem to be the other way around. The message to those of us who like action cinema in particular without the edges knocked off to get a broader certificate is this: go and watch the PG-13/12A rated version at the cinema, and we'll give you an unrated/uncut version on DVD and Blu-ray.
Can I be the latest to call bullshit on this?
Cinema admissions over the summer, as has been widely reported, have dropped year on year. That's in spite of the massive grosses for the likes of The Avengers, The Dark Knight Rises and Ice Age: Continental Drift. The price premium of a cinema ticket, particularly in the 3D era, means that people are increasingly being forced to justify a night out to watch a film properly, on the big screen.
At a point, then, where cinema is looking for as many incentives to get people through the door as possible, the Terminator-like focus on the broadest possible certificate is now doing, I'd argue, more damage than good.
Taken 2 is an obvious example. There are a lot of people who like old-fashioned action films, and they like them with their violence, swearing and excesses in tact. They will go to the cinema to see a film such as this, because action films of this ilk are getting harder to find. Dredd topped the UK box office charts just the other week – admittedly on a slow weekend – and it was a firm, hard 18 certificate film. It stuck to its convictions, and rightly so.
Taken 2, I'd suggest, has already isolated a good chunk of the audience who were interested in seeing it in the first place, simply by chopping three scenes back for a softer certificate. That's, surely, not what Taken was about, but it's the latest in a slowly growing trend.
Perhaps the most insulting was Die Hard 4.0. I don't mind the movie anywhere near as much as some, but the tacit agreement we were presented with was that it'd be PG-13 in cinemas, and we could have the ‘proper' Die Hard sequel on DVD and Blu-ray. We didn't, of course. We got a little bit of added swearing, and a drop of blood. The truth was that the film had long since been neutered and compromised. Tellingly, it seemed as though most of the McClane-esque language was put back in using ADR.
As many have noted, it's a decent movie, but it's not a Die Hard movie as a result.
We shouldn't be standing for this. When did we start allowing an ‘unrated' or ‘uncut' version on disc to be dished out as if it's some kind of favour for fans of action cinema or the franchises affected (furthermore, if my understanding is correct, the way to get an ‘unrated' badge in the US is not to submit that cut of the film to be rated in the first place: nothing more than that). As if they're doing something for us here? It's a fob off, and we all know it.
Instead, then, how about we get back to the idea that a film gets its organic rating. If an action movie gets a 12A because that's what it genuinely deserves, then few will argue with that. If it's been targeted as such, knowing that fans can be shut up with an unrated version later on, that's surely where we should be drawing the line.
Sadly, you can already see the press release for Taken 2, championing the version “never before seen in cinemas”. Well here's the thing: that's the version that should have been put in cinemas. Save the watered down version for the home release if you must, but treat a cinema screen as where the best and proper version of your film should be presented.
It's a by-product, of course, of the short-termism in movie finance, where the cinema run and opening weekend are seen to define the fortunes of a film. To a point, they do. But whether you liked The Expendables or not, do you really think it would have been as big a hit had it gone for the PG-13 market, too? It stuck to its literal and proverbial guns, and earned lots of money for doing so (perhaps that's why the extended cut of that movie made it arguably worse: it just wasn't necessary).
There are enough problems with franchises such as Alien, Die Hard and Terminator being deemed as family friendly to varying degrees without the final insult to fans, of a few swear words and bits of blood being re-inserted as if that's what we were grumbling about in the first place. It's not. Instead, it's a frustration that a film is being compromised in tone, feel and execution from the off, with the audience who supported the franchise in the first place being fobbed off with something extra to watch at home later.
The unrated cut on disc isn't part of the answer. It's part of the problem.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
Sprint wholesale partner Shenandoah Communications posted $13.9 million in net income in the first quarter, marking a year-over-year increase of 35 percent. But its cable and wireline business drove the lion's share of its revenues.
Shentel, as the company is known, reported $3.8 million in wireless service revenues, up 7.9 percent year over year, due partly to increasing revenues from prepaid users selecting more expensive services. The company also said Sprint reduced the postpaid fees it retains on Shentel's sales of its services.
Shentel reported 2,719 net postpaid additions during the quarter, down from 3,211 net postpaid adds during the first quarter of 2015. Net prepaid subscribers declined by 301, down dramatically from the 2,621 prepaid adds it reported during the prior year.
The operator said it saw reductions in postpaid billed revenues as users opted for lower-priced service plans associated with leasing and installment billing programs for their phones.
Earle MacKenzie, Shentel's COO, said during an earnings call with analysts that while Shentel is seeing decreased ARPU, ever-increasing consumption of mobile data may eventually lead to higher monthly customer invoices.
"You have got the shift, the subsidized plans to the non-subsidized plans," MacKenzie said, according to a Seeking Alpha transcript. "You have price promotions that are entering and exiting the market all the time, and you have got the counter to that, (which) is customers are using more and more data. The fact is that our data usage went up 70 percent. I wish we had added 70 percent increasing customers but we didn't. What that's showing you is the existing customers continue to use more and more data.
"And as customers exceed those data buckets, we are going to start seeing overages," he continued. "So I really am, I guess the word is optimistic, that we may see a continued decline for a couple of more quarters but at some point in time as customers fill up the larger buckets that they have bought, they either are going to have to buy larger data buckets on a recurring basis or still have overages."
Shentel said recently that the FCC had approved its proposed $640 million acquisition of nTelos, paving the way for the deal to close in the coming weeks. The acquisition will see the nTelos brand discontinued as roughly 300,000 of its customers become Sprint-branded users managed by Shentel, and nTelos' retail stores will be converted into Sprint-branded locations also managed by Shentel.
Shentel will see its wireless customer base exceed 1 million upon the closing of the acquisition. That figure would make Shentel the sixth or seventh largest wireless carrier in the United States.
For more:
- see this FierceTelecom article
- see this Shentel press release
- see this Seeking Alpha transcript
Related articles:
Sprint wholesale partner nTelos adds subscribers but posts net loss ahead of acquisition by Shentel
Sprint affiliate Shentel buys fellow wholesale partner nTelos for $640M
NTelos now covers 53% of POPs with LTE, putting it ahead of year-end goal
NTelos CEO mum on rumors of merger with Shentel, but says board is looking at strategic opportunities
NTelos adds 8,000 subs in Q1, migrates 50,000 subs to Sprint's network
T-Mobile completes $56M purchase of PCS spectrum from nTelos
Bill O'Reilly tonight responded to criticisms from the right over his commentary last week that gay marriage opponents need to do more than just “thump the Bible” if they want to win the argument. After a Talking Points Memo largely focused on mocking liberal media attempts to gin up a feud between himself and Rush Limbaugh, O'Reilly brought on Laura Ingraham, who actually told O'Reilly he was wrong in saying what he said. O'Reilly was stunned with Ingraham, shouting over her and telling her “I'm disappointed in you.”
RELATED: Conservative Radio Host: Bill O'Reilly's Mockery Of Gay Marriage Opponents A ‘Hanging Offense'
Ingraham first surprised O'Reilly by agreeing that there actually is a feud of sorts going on between him and people like Limbaugh, given Limbaugh's harsh condemnation of O'Reilly's commentary. O'Reilly dismissed the idea he and Limbaugh are enemies, saying “I don't care what he says, he can say whatever he wants.”
Ingraham agreed with O'Reilly that gay marriage opponents are not always good at making their case, but said O'Reilly unnecessarily insulted them. O'Reilly insisted he made an “honest point” about gay marriage, and shocked Ingraham by saying that opponents cannot cite the Bible in a policy argument. Ingraham told O'Reilly he was being disrespectful, which led O'Reilly to tell Ingraham he's “disappointed” in her.
O'Reilly scolded her for criticizing her for his “accurate description,” saying he doesn't really care whether it was unhelpful or if anyone took offense, it was an “accurate and honest attack.”
Watch the fiery segment below, courtesy of Fox News:
If you want to see O'Reilly's Talking Points Memo, in which he rails against “gutter snipes” on the left ginning up controversy, you can watch that here:
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
25 Oct 2012 /
Captain W. E. Johns is best known as the author of nearly a hundred books about Biggles, the pilot who started his career flying Sopwith Camels against the Hun over the trenches in World War I and who, by 1968 was foiling the nefarious deeds of British Post Office heroin smugglers when his author died of a heart attack mid-sentence. I was a massive fan of the early Biggles books. They are resolutely ripping yarns for boys, full of details of biplane warfare that only someone who'd actually flown in the first World War would know (Johns was a bomber pilot at the end of the war, and was shot down and imprisoned by the Germans). The early editions of the books are unusual for their occasional grimness, with references to booze, fags and shell shock that were removed from later, more kid-friendly editions. Biggles had a grip on multiple generations. I vividly remember being on holiday at a Whitby hotel when I was eight and an old gentleman in his 70s ( another veteran of the War to End All Wars) kept stealing my Biggles books to read until his wife shouted at him to stop.
Johns was on less firm ground when he turned his attention to space. I've just picked up a first edition of his book Kings of Space (1954) from my local Oxfam. This was the first of ten science fiction novels he wrote between 1954 and 1963, and describes trips to the Moon, Venus and Mars in the company of Group Captain Timothy Clinton, R.A.F., his son Rex and Professor Brane aboard the Spacemaster, a flying saucer the mad boffin has built in his shed at a remote castle in Scotland. It's very much in the tradition of Grand Tours of the Solar System, with a handful of cardboard characters flying from planet to planet and going oooh and aaah amid long passages of scientific exposition designed to inform the young reader. In fact the book gets most of the science wrong. It's not simply a case of astronomy being less accurate in 1954, Johns seems to make science up as he goes along and I suspect that his research came from hazy recollections of stuff he'd heard or read, rather than actual hard facts. The illustration of the solar system at the start of the book bears this out. The artist has made it look like a spiral galaxy with planets dropped in at random. The inner planets are in approximate order, on the other hand the gas giants appear to be stuck in as an afterthought by an artist who doesn't have much of a grasp of their orbits.
The book follows the convention whereby the nearer a planet is to the sun the younger it is. Therefore Venus is identical to Earth during the Jurassic era, with a few cavemen thrown in to liven things up. Johns' invention deserts him here. Instead of coming up with any new monsters he merely drops in a bunch of terrestrial dinosaurs. “Pterodactyls!” exclaimed the Professor. “I have never studied paleontology closely,”, a statement that pretty well sums up the science in the whole book. The Moon has a thin atmosphere with plants and creatures “so grotesque, so uncouth” that the artist can only fall back on a painting of an armadillo to represent their utterly alien appearance. Mars is also disappointingly pedestrian. The adventurers find dying Martians who are described as tall thin chaps in Roman togas, and whose ancient civilisation (hence the togas) has succumbed to mosquitoes.
The dialogue is wonderful, “What do you think of my welding?” is one opening conversational gambit. “Please remain seated while I make preliminary tests of the external conditions.” says the Professor when the Spacemaster lands on the Moon, “While you are waiting it might be a good moment to have a sandwich.”
This sums up the whole atmosphere of the books. Like They Came from Mars, Johns' novel reduces interplanetary travel to the same level as a Sunday afternoon stroll round the perimeter of a small English village. Local eccentrics build flying saucers, eat sandwiches on the Moon and confront interplanetary horrors with the responses of a slightly alarmed vicar. “Bless my soul!” is about as passionate as it gets. In one brilliantly Pythonesque scene in a later book, The Man Who Vanished Into Space (1963) the adventurers find the body of a Scotsman floating in the void, wearing a kilt. In my earlier post on Cockcroft's short tale I suggested that writers like this were desperately trying to assert a comforting vision of parochial English life in a world where the British Empire no longer held sway. In Johns' book wherever the travellers go they find the reassuringly familiar – dinosaurs on Venus, Romans on Mars, Scotsmen floating in outer space. Yet Johns was not as much of a Little Englander as he's been painted. Like many who fought in both wars, he had enough experience of a world beyond English village life to understand that British chaps weren't the only heroes on the planet. There are enough positive characters from other lands in his Biggles books to refute crude accusations of racism (though the extent of Johnny Foreigner's moral worth does seem to be measured by how like a decent Englishman he is). Unfortunately in space both Johns' imagination and his grasp of science fail him, and we are left with an odd version of The Famous Five Do Something Thrilling in Orbit.
Johns was up against it. When he penned Kings of Space, writers like Robert Heinlein, A.E. van Vogt, Ray Bradbury and Isaac Asimov were writing books of staggering imagination. By the time his last novel in the series appeared, New Worlds was in full swing, with British science fiction and fantasy writers tackling themes of politics, sexual identity and urban psychology that would have severely alarmed Professor Brane and his chums, to say the least. Nevertheless, as an essay in nostalgia with Monty Python undertones, Kings of Space and its sequels are hard to beat.
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Benedict led Roman Catholics into Holy Week celebrations, telling a Palm Sunday crowd that man will pay the price for his pride if he believes technology can give him the powers of God.
Pope Benedict XVI holds a palm as he arrives to lead the Palm Sunday mass at the Vatican April 17, 2011. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
Under a splendid Roman sun, the German pope presided at a colorful celebration where tens of thousands of people waved palm and olive branches to commemorate Jesus' entry into Jerusalem the week before he was crucified.
The pope, who turned 84 on Saturday, wove his sermon around the theme of man's relationship with God and how it can sometimes be threatened by technology.
“From the beginning men and women have been filled — and this is as true today as ever — with a desire to ‘be like God', to attain the heights of God by their own powers,” he said, wearing resplendent red and gold vestments.
“Mankind has managed to accomplish so many things: we can fly! We can see, hear and speak to one another from the farthest ends of the earth. And yet the force of gravity which draws us down is powerful,” he said.
While the great advances of technology have improved life for man, the pope said, they have also increased possibilities for evil, and recent natural disasters were a reminder, if any were needed, that mankind is not all-powerful.
If man wanted a relationship with God he had to first “abandon the pride of wanting to become God,” said the pope, celebrating his sixth Easter season as the leader of the world's some 1.2 billion Roman Catholics.
After the mass, the pope appealed for peace in Colombia, calling for wide participation in a day of prayer for the victims of violence to be held there on Friday. “Enough of violence in Colombia. May she live in peace,” he said.
START OF HOLY WEEK
Palm Sunday, a moveable feast that is marked on the Sunday before Easter, is celebrated throughout the Christian world to commemorate Jesus' entry into Jerusalem on a donkey, a symbol of peace in the ancient world.
At the ceremony a cantor recounted all the events in Jesus' life between Palm Sunday and Easter. Via Della Conciliazione, the broad boulevard leading to the Vatican, was bedecked with olive trees and bronze statues depicting the “stations of the cross,” or the last events in Jesus' life.
For the pope and Christians around the world, it marks the start of a hectic week of events leading to Easter Sunday.
On Holy Thursday, Benedict will preside at two traditional services in the Vatican, including one in which he will wash and kiss the feet of twelve men in a gesture of humility toward his apostles the night before he died.
On Good Friday he will preside at services in the Vatican and then lead a traditional torch-lit Via Crucis, or Way of the Cross, around the ruins of Rome's ancient Colosseum.
Holy Week services at the Vatican culminate on Easter Sunday, the most important day in the liturgical calendar, when the pope delivers his twice-yearly “Urbi et Orbi” (to the city and the world) blessing and message.
Uber was the recent hack that was made public. 57 million records of riders and drivers. The data stolen for the riders was name and email, no passwords, payment info or locations. The drivers had more sensitive data stolen that included their driver's license numbers.
Instead of notifying the proper authorities and public releases, they paid the hackers $100,000 to delete the data, allegedly, and keep it quiet. This is a scary approach. 57 million people's data was in the hands of a criminal and it was covered up. This episode goes into the dangerous slippery slope of handling breaches this way.
Be aware, be safe.
------------------------------------
Website - https://www.binaryblogger.com
Podcast RSS - http://securityinfive.libsyn.com/rss
Twitter @binaryblogger - https://www.twitter.com/binaryblogger
iTunes - https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/security-in-five-podcast/id1247135894?mt=2
YouTube - https://www.youtube.com/binaryblogger
TuneIn Radio - Security In Five Channel
iHeartRadio - Security In Five Channel
Email - contactme@binaryblogger.com
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 7, 2014, 6:15 AM GMT / Updated Sep. 7, 2014, 1:03 PM GMT
One woman died and three other people were injured during renewed shelling in the port of Mariupol in eastern Ukraine, officials said Sunday, in a further blow to the region's fraying ceasefire. Local media said the 33-year-old woman was the first civilian casualty since the ceasefire began on Friday evening.
Ukrainian government forces came under fire late on Saturday on the eastern outskirts of Mariupol, a strategic city on the Sea of Azov, in the first serious test of a ceasefire they had struck with pro-Russian separatists. Elsewhere, prolonged shelling was heard in an area north of Donetsk, eastern Ukraine's largest city. The shelling came from near the airport, which has been in the hands of Ukrainian government forces though pro-Russian rebels control the city. "Listen to the sound of the ceasefire," one-armed rebel joked to Reuters. "There's a proper battle going on there."
IN-DEPTH
— Reuters
Ticketing error: The car park where the machine was installed (Picture: Google)
Drivers have been fined after a West Yorkshire council mistakenly fitted a French ticket machine in a car park.
Unable to put British coins into the machine at the Ian Clough car park in Baildon, the motorists were issued with tickets by traffic wardens.
Bradford Council eventually slapped ‘out of order' stickers across the machine, which was installed three months ago, as they struggled to work out what was wrong with it.
On Friday, however, it finally sprang into action – when one motorist realised that the machine was French and was configured to take euros.
Council workmen have now removed the ‘out of order' notices.
Councillor Debbie Davies was among those who had tried to use the machine at the car park.
‘The pound coin simply would not fit in the slot,' she said. ‘There wasn't anything blocking it, it didn't go in and then fell out. The machine just couldn't take the pound.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
Bradford Council has now rectified the mistake, adjusting the machine to take British coins.
‘After some 12 weeks of standing there doing nothing, the “out of order” signs have been removed and for the first time it's operational,' said Ms Davies.
‘Suddenly my pound coin fitted perfectly and it issued me a timed and dated ticket. It's a miracle.'
Michaela Hall, assistant parking services co-ordinator for Bradford Council, said: ‘The parking machines are configured for UK coins and our technician activated the new ticket machine.'
Not only am I giving you two steak recipes, I'm also giving you the perfect steak dinner to make for your sweetheart this Valentine's Day, I'm giving you the chance to win $300 worth of Snake River Farm‘s amazing filet mignons – 6 of them.
Yes, SIX of them.
Do you trust me? Ok, right, I thought so. These steaks are not ordinary in any way. For you, I made two recipes using these beautiful steaks. When I made my first filet, the cussing was on. In a good way.
What can I say? These are the most tender steaks I've ever had in my life.
The first one I made loosely based on the filet I made at Food Fight Write where I competed in November. It's full of Asian flavors; sesame, soy, and apricot ginger mustard from Saucy Mama. The main difference in this version is that I topped the steak with shredded brussels sprouts as opposed to microgreens. Still delicious.
Y'all, these steaks are the shit. Not just the regular steaks you would get at your local grocery store – but what you would get if Cupid himself flew to the Heavens just for you and brought them down at room temp so you can go ahead and make them. If you didn't already know this, yes, your steaks need to be at room temperature before you cook them. That's very important.
Let's move on to what would be perfect for a Valentine's Day dinner for your sweetheart. Love comes in all forms, but in my opinion – cooking for someone that you're smitten with is very sexy.
Love is patient.
Love is kind.
Love knows how to make the perfect damn steak because, well let's be honest, nobody wants to be taken to Outback for Valentine's Day.
I don't even know how to describe to you how excruciatingly delicious this is. See those potatoes behind it? After tasting the steak I don't even think they matter at this point….but I will address them below, I promise.
You could literally cut this steak with a damn fork.
Love is also this pinked-ness in the middle.
I topped this filet with spinach, lemon, oregano, salt and pepper, a little whole cream and – at the end – feta cheese. Yes, feta.
The potatoes are wedges that I fried and drizzled with a balsamic honey reduction. Just melt a tablespoon of butter over medium heat, add 2 tbsp of balsamic vinegar and 1 tbsp of honey and whisk until reduced by about 1/4, remove from heat and pour over potato wedges. They're pretty fantastic.
Ok, kids. Want some of these? Here's the official giveaway –
2 – 8 oz Snake River Farms American Kobe Filet Mignon
4 – 8 oz Double R Ranch Northwest Beef Filet Mignon
Retail value $300
As a bonus, if you place any orders starting 1/22/2016 use the code DIXIECHIK2016 and get FREE SHIPPING – orders can be placed beginning 1/22/16 and no later than 12 noon ET Monday 2/8/16. Take advantage of this, y'all!!!
Print American Kobe and Northwest Filet Ingredients American Kobe Filet Mignon 1 Filet
2 tbsp olive oil
This sauce
Brussels sprouts, chopped or shredded, caramelized
Northwest Beef Filet 1 Filet
2 oz. frozen spinach, defrosted and drained
1 tsp lemon juice
1 tsp cayenne pepper flakes
1 tbsp sea salt
1 tbsp pepper
2 tbsp butter, melted
2 tbsp feta cheese, crumbled Instructions For Both Steaks Heat oven to 500 degrees. Add 2 tbsp olive oil to a cast iron skillet.
Bring the filet to room temperature and sprinkle with salt. Let sit for 10 minutes; rinse and dry thoroughly.
Salt and pepper filet.
Bring oil over medium high heat in cast iron skillet and sear filet for 2 minutes on each side.
Put skillet in heated oven and flip steak after 2 minutes.
Using a meat themometer, check temp to make sure it's at least 130 degrees for medium rare, 150 for medium and 160 for well done.
For the American Kobe Steak When done, drizzle with sauce and top with brussels sprouts.
Serve.
For the Northwest Beef Filet Add spinach through butter in a small sauce pan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes and remove from heat.
Add a heaping amount on steak and add Feta cheese on top.
Serve.
Notes Keep in mind that the steaks will continue to cook after they're removed from the oven, so my advice is to remove them from heat a minute or two before you think they're perfect. Also, letting them "rest" is a very important - it makes a huge difference when it comes to tenderness. 3.1 https://www.dixiechikcooks.com/the-best-steaks-and-a-huge-giveaway/
Ready to win? Enter below –
This post and giveaway was sponsored by Snake River Farms. I can absolutely, 100% assure you that all opinions are mine, and mine alone. Contest ends January 29th, 2016 at 11:59 pm CST.
Model who attacked DiCaprio's face and left huge gashes jailed for two years
The model who slashed actor Leonard DiCaprio's face with a smashed bottle at a Hollywood party has been jailed for two years.
Aretha Wilson and the Titanic star were at a shindig at film producer Rick Saloman's mansion five years ago when she walloped him over the head with the deadly weapon.
The 36-year-old needed 17 stitches for the gashes on his face and ear, but his assailant has finally had her comeuppance.
Justice: The model who lead to Leonardo DiCaprio having to have 17 stitches in his face has been jailed for two years
Jailed: The former model Aretha Wilson could have faced seven years behind bars but entered a plea bargain of no contest Wilson, 40, originally protested her innocence, claiming that she thought Mr DiCaprio was in fact an ex-boyfriend who had been bad mouthing her.
But then the Canadian entered a plea bargain and the seven years that she was looking at was significantly reduced yesterday at the Los Angeles court.
The plea deal meant with prosecutors meant that Mr DiCaprio would not have to give evidence - something he was reported to be happy with.
Once released, she will be deported back to Canada, where she has already served a year.
Wilson is only likely to be behind bars for six months as it took so long for her to be extradited to the U.S. from her Canadian.
Wilson's lawyer Freddy Sayegh said she was pleased with the outcome, while a prosecutor said DiCaprio was happy the case was resolved before it went to a full trial.
Mr DiCaprio did not attend the hearing and has never talked publicly about the incident that threatened to ruin his good looks.
Christians and Muslims Do Not Worship the Same God, Top Catholic Cardinal Says
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
American Catholic Cardinal Raymond Burke, the former head of the highest court at the Vatican, has said that despite what some people claim, it's not true that Christians and Muslims worship the same God.
Burke explained that while Christians seek to follow the way of Jesus, the God of Islam seeks to govern countries and people's lives.
Burke, who serves as archbishop and the patron of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta, made his remarks during a teleconference last month, the National Catholic Register reported this week, in which he said:
"I hear people saying to me, 'Well, we're all worshiping the same God, we all believe in love.' But I say stop a minute and let's examine carefully what Islam is, and what our Christian faith teaches us both."
The church leader, who has defended conservative positions on a number of issues, explained that for Christians, Christ's law is written "on our hearts" and "we're given a Divine grace to live according to that law."
The difference with Islam, however, is that the God of the Muslims is a governor, Burke argued.
"In other words, fundamentally Islam is, Sharia is their law, and that law, which comes from Allah, must dominate every man eventually."
"And it's not a law that's founded on love," he added. "To say that we all believe in love is simply not correct."
The cardinal insisted that even if plenty of Muslims are gentle and kind, the truth of the matter is they follow a law that demands from them that they seek to govern the whole world.
"Whereas, in the Christian faith we're taught that by the development of right reason, by sound metaphysics, and then that which leads to faith and to the light and strength that's given by faith, we make our contribution to society also in terms of its governance," Burke explained.
"But the Church makes no pretense that it's to govern the world. But rather that it's to inspire and assist those who govern the world to act justly and rightly toward the citizens."
The Cardinal did not share who specifically has been arguing that Christians and Muslims worship the same God, but there has been controversy on the subject matter in America.
The Christian Post was the first to report last December that Larycia Hawkins, a former professor at Wheaton College in Illinois, had decided to wear a headscarf during the Advent season to show her solidarity with Muslims, and argued that followers of Islam and Christ "worship the same God." The statement caused great controversy for the evangelical college, which eventually led to Hawkins leaving her position.
Evangelical writers, such as Michael Brown, host of the nationally syndicated radio talk show "The Line of Fire" and president of FIRE School of Ministry, have also pointed out that even though Judaism, Christianity and Islam all believe in the existence of one eternal God, they do not worship the same figure.
"Someone could argue that both faiths represent human attempts to please and obey the Creator, but what those faiths say explicitly about that Creator is mutually exclusive," Brown argued in an op-ed published by CP.
"We do not worship the same God, which is why Muslims seek to convert Christians to Islam and Christians seek to convert Muslims to faith in Jesus," he added.
If patience is a virtue the Toronto Maple Leafs have never gotten the memo. To be fair it is in most part due to both the organizational and fan pressure to become a winner as quickly as possible. The fans have run out of patience for a successful team to be built and want instant results after, very realistically, a lifetime of waiting. This feeling has only been accelerated by the impressive recent performances from the club, making the fanbase believe that the Leafs are closer to a championship than they are in actuality.
This is the kind of mentality that has ultimately doomed the club in recent history, and prevented them from becoming the winner that the city of Toronto desires. The team has not been focused on drafting or developing prospects, instead turning to free agency and trades to acquire a quick fix option. The Leafs have been wasteful and impatient with prospects, keeping Nazem Kadri in the minors for far too long while at the same time ruining Luke Schenn by exposing him to the pros too early. All of this has been due to the lack of the patience that has made clubs like Pittsburgh, Chicago and Los Angeles annual contenders.
Today, the team and the fanbase should be happy with what they have accomplished. The Leafs are one of the youngest teams in the league and they delivered an absolutely solid performance this past year. They are finally in the position that need to be in order to start building a squad that could truly become a sustainable contender. However, they aren't a true contender yet, requiring at first line centre and a minute-eating top four defenders at the least before they can obtain that status.
As per usual with the Toronto Media the team has been linked extensively to players in both of these positions. But while this media speculation is the norm for the organization it seems to have more to it this time around. Many high-end hockey journalists have been reporting they that they Leafs are looking to take an aggressive approach, that all assets are being considered expendable if the price is correct. The names of the other side have been emerging as well.
One of the main names that has been linked to Toronto, although insiders like Rene Lavoie of RDS have downplayed it, is Kris Letang of the Pittsburgh Penguins. The offensive defenseman is one of the best at his craft in the game and this fact earned him a Norris Trophy nomination this season. But It's difficult to say whether he would be a great fit in Toronto. First off, Ray Shero is never somebody with whom you truly want to be in business due to his incredible track record.
The Penguins would also be looking for something defensive in return, a probable package could range from Phaneuf and a 1st to something like Phaneuf, Percy and a 1st. Even with Letang replacing Phaneuf the Toronto defense has not improved at all defensively. This is a slight hole in Letang's game alongside the fact that with Toronto he would be required to play significant minutes each night for the club. The minutes could have been the downfall of Dion, who is also most likely cheaper than Letang would be for the Leafs. They would gain a stud defenseman but would be barely better off than before.
This is just an example of what could go wrong for the Maple Leafs on the trade front, which is sure to be very volatile this time of year. With a young team that has plenty of potential it is more beneficial at this time to just sit back and stockpile prospects and picks rather than make moves that could be setbacks. The price for a number one centre or top four defensemen within the track market is ridiculously inflated at this point and so it might just be better for the Leafs to abstain. However, many would believe that the Leafs have already made a mistake in their management of this off season, making a move that did not address either of these aforementioned holes.
Instead, they went out and used valuable assets to acquire a player in a position which realistically was their third most pressing need. Even that fact is debatable as some would say it is lower. Say what you will about the Jonathan Bernier trade, but there is a reason why opinion was so divided on the deal. On the surface the deal looks like an excellent piece of business from Leafs GM Dave Nonis. Matt Frattin is not overtly young and has shown some good flashes but nothing that indicates he will ever been elite. Ben Scrivens was a good backup but never gave any indication that he would be a starter. Finally, while the second round pick always has potential there is a small chance percentage wise that they will ever develop into anything significant.
But there is also a valid counterpoint to be made about this transaction. To begin with, was Bernier really required? The Leafs had one of the cheapest goaltending tandems between James Reimer and Scrivens. Furthermore, all of the criticism of Reimer has been misplaced and misguided. All hatred for Reimer comes from the 2011-12 season when he came back from a concussion. He was 14-14-4 with a 3.10 GAA and a .900 SV percentage. His other two campaigns when he was fully healthy? 20-10-5 with a .921 SV percentage and a 2.60 GAA and this year in which he went 19-8-5 with a .924 SV percentage and a 2.46 GAA. These numbers don't include a solid 3-4 playoff performance with a GAA of 2.88 and a SV percentage of .923, number that only would have been better should (you know what's coming) the Game 7 collapse not have taken place.
What the stats show is a very good goalie who has been improving and has shown good ability in his limited exposure to the post season. This isn't including the fact that Reimer has dealt well with a market like Toronto which is far from everyone's bread and butter, especially between the posts. All which at every possible turn the media released a new rumour about his possible replacement. Most teams would not consider this a need for replacement. Yet the Leafs packaged an incredibly cheap and capable backup goaltender, one of their few forward prospects and yet another pick to acquire another one. Not to mention Bernier now holds great bargaining position over the Leafs which should make him a far larger cap hit than Scrivens.
The Leafs sit in decent position in terms of the cap at the moment but another million or two added to the pile never helps. Add Kadri, Carl Gunnerson, Cody Franson, Mark Fraser, Mike Kostka and Joe Colborne to the list of names who need to be resigned and it starts to add up. Not to mention Tyler Bozak, who considering his relationship with Phil Kessel could end up sticking around and Clarke MacArthur. This does not include what they would need to pay for a first line centre, which in the current hockey economy is not a bargain buy. So the cap looks good at the moment but it could rapidly reach the ceiling.
It has always been the problem with the Leafs. They have never been able to sit back and build a solid team within instead of going out and trying to make one happen via trades. Almost every time these aggressive measures have failed to pay off and yet another couple of seasons will go by in frustration. The team cannot make this mistake again, and with progress finally being made now is the time to sit back and not rush anything. If the Leafs do this correctly they could be a contender in a few years.
But now is not the time to pull the trigger, now is the time to take a deep breath and readjust the scope for a better shot.
Thanks for reading – as always feel free to leave comments below and follow me on Twitter @IswearGaa. Give the rest of the hockey department a follow while you're at it – @lastwordBKerr, @BigMick99, and @LastWordOnNHL, and follow the site @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? Visit our Join our Team page and be heard!
Main photo credit: bridgetds via photopin cc
The Armada visit Fort Lauderdale tonight with every possibility of taking three points from the Strikers in the Battle for the Atlantic. Jacksonville has never won on the road in the club's short history, and though many players weren't around last season, there is still an air of expectancy about the record around the club.
Looking Forward: Three points will take Jacksonville up to six total in the league, and would do the same in the Coastal Cup. Pending other results, the Armada could be sitting as high as second place in the league with a win tonight. In the Coastal Cup table, three points would mean a gap of four points at the top for the Armada, a decently-sized lead.
The Strikers have just one point (A draw with Miami in week one) from two matches this season. A win for them would get the club back on track and push them as high as sixth in the league table, pending other results. They would, however jump into the lead in Coastal Cup standings on four points, as they currently have one from the aforementioned draw with Miami.
Keys to Victory: For Jacksonville, look for Matt Fondy to have a key part in today's game. Fort Lauderdale's defense is disjointed and lacks chemistry. The Armada can put the game away if they get Fondy involved early and often. On the flip side, the Strikers defense must step up to the plate if they hope to achieve any sort of result. Fort Lauderdale's hopes all hinge on how well Luis Zapata and Julius James play tonight.
Other players whose performances will impact the match tonight are Miguel Gallardo and PC. The Armada have pretty lived and died by Miggy's performances, and tonight won't be much different. If he has an ok-to-good game, the Armada have every chance of their first road win. Otherwise, it will be a difficult hill to climb. PC is always a threat for the Strikers, as well. He can frustrate opponents in the midfield and will also get forward and score goals. He's not afraid to get a little dirty either, so tonight will probably get physical.
Game Info: It all kicks off at 7pm in Fort Lauderdale tonight. If you aren't watching at Lockhart Stadium, you can watch on CW-17 locally or ESPN3 nationally.
Advertisements
Gaza Strip - Hundreds of Palestinians gathered on Saturday to commemorate the death of Vittorio Arrigoni, the iconic Italian activist who was killed five years ago in the besieged Gaza Strip.
Adel Abdelrahman, a musician in the Egyptian-Palestinian band Dawaween, said more than 500 people attended the event to show appreciation for Arrigoni's Palestine solidarity work. They commemorated Arrigoni's life with a documentary film on his life, sang songs in his memory, staged dance performances and art activities.
"We are Muslims, but we are against terrorism and violence," Abdelrahman told Al Jazeera. "We love peace and we are against killing innocent people."
Arrigoni first came to Gaza on an activist-organised flotilla in 2008. He was a member of the International Solidarity Movement and participated in protests to support Palestinian farmers and fishermen who had been confronted frequently by Israeli forces.
READ MORE: Staying human in Gaza
Arrigoni was killed on April 15, 2011, after a small group of Palestinian gunmen kidnapped him a day earlier and demanded that the Hamas government in Gaza release one of their members.
In a video released after the kidnapping, they accused him of "spreading corruption" among Muslims and gave the Hamas government 30 hours to meet their demands.
Before their deadline was reached, however, the men killed Arrigoni in an empty apartment in northern Gaza.
"It is a very important day for all of us, particularly Italians and Palestinians," Meri Calvelli, director of the Gaza-based Italian Centre for Cultural Exchange, told Al Jazeera. "There are a lot of people who still remember what happened to Vittorio. Italy is very proud of [him]."
Khalil Shaheen of the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights said organisers want to keep Arrigoni's memory alive out of respect for his solidarity.
"Our message since the day the activist Vittorio Arrigoni was killed is clear: We are against the terrorist group who killed him and they don't represent Palestinians or our society," he told Al Jazeera. "He was part of our struggle for justice and peace."
Follow Ezz Zanoun on Twitter: @EzzPress
What a carry on doctor! A newly qualified GP reveals what really happens behind surgery walls
By DR JONATHAN GOLDBERG
(Jonathan Goldberg is a pseudonym)
The work of a modern GP involves more than mere medicine and demands careful negotiation through a veritable minefield of pushy drug reps, bolshy patients, and fellow practitioners out to make a quick buck. Here, JONATHAN GOLDBERG, who has been practising as a doctor for two years, reveals what really goes on in a GP's surgery. It makes for hilarious, but also sometimes unsettling, reading.
Annie is nine years old and about 13st. She waddles into my room and then Mum waddles in after her. My room suddenly feels very small.
'It's her ankles, doctor. They hurt when she runs at school. She needs a note to say that she can sit out games.'
'Did you fall over or twist your ankle, Janine?' I ask. Janine looks at the floor and then shakes her head.
'How long have they been sore?' Eyes still to the floor, though this time I get a shrug.
'Let's have a look then.' I give her my best ' smiley doctor' face and prod and poke at her ankles.
Being a new qualified GP isn't all fun and games as one doctor reveals
My examination is a bit of a show; one look at Janine walking into my room revealed it wasn't her ankles that were the problem.
But still, I try to make my prodding and poking look like it has purpose: I want Janine and her mum to think I am taking them seriously.
'Right, well, I can't find any swelling or tenderness in those ankles, and she's walking OK.'
This was the make-or-break moment - how was I going to put this tactfully? I was standing at the top of the diving board: I could just write the note, prescribe some paracetamol and climb quietly down the ladder . . . but as a doctor, it's my duty to say something. Right, here goes.
'Some children find that. . . erm.. . that being a bit . . . erm (say it, just say it!) overweight can make their joints hurt sometimes.'
I did it, I jumped! Janine's mum's face suddenly looks like a pitbull slowly chewing a wasp.
'It's got nothing to do with her weight,' she says. 'Janine's cousin is as skinny as a rake and she has problems with her ankles, too. It's hereditary.'
Mum stares hard at me. I blink first. 'She can still do swimming,' I shout encouragingly as they waddle away, sick note and paracetamol prescription tucked into Mum's handbag.
I picture Janine sitting in the changing rooms, munching on some crisps, while the rest of her class run around outside.
Beneath the many layers of abdominal fat, her pancreas is slowly preparing itself for a lifetime of insulin resistance and the debilitating symptoms of diabetes that will occur as a result.
Meanwhile, her joints will be straining under her excess weight and she'll develop early onset arthritis.
Would a few well-placed words of advice really have breached deeply entrenched lifestyle and diet habits?
'Hold on, kids, no more soft drinks and Turkey Twizzlers. Dr Goldberg thinks we are overweight and thank goodness he pointed it out or we'd never have noticed.
He's given me a wonderful recipe for an organic celery and sunflower seed bake and we're swimming the Channel at the weekend.'
Lucy, the practice manager, pops her head around the door: 'I've put you down for a visit to see Mrs Tucker. She's had a funny turn and fallen over. Perhaps-you could diagnose her as having had a stroke?'
It is January and our surgery targets are due in April. None of our patients has had a stroke in the past nine months.
This should, of course, be a cause for celebration, but Lucy was not happy.
If no one has a stroke before April, we'll miss out on our 'stroke target'. The Government tells us that if a patient has a stroke, we need to refer them to the stroke specialist and then we'll get five points.
But if no one has a stroke, we miss out on the points and the money that comes with them.
This money has already been earmarked for a skiing holiday for the partner of the surgery and a nice little Easter bonus for the practice manager.
In the world of general practice, points really do mean prizes.
The role of a modern doctor involves more than just medicine
Mrs Tucker is 96 and lives in a nursing home. She is severely demented and doesn't know her own name. In her confusion, she wanders around the nursing home and frequently falls.
She had fallen over again today and could well have had a mini-stroke. She could just as easily have tripped.
She is fine now and common sense tells me that this lady would not benefit from a load of tests and new medications that, in the long run, would probably make her only more confused and more likely to fall over.
I can't help but feel that financial incentives to follow certain guidelines are tempting us to make clinical decisions that make us money rather than benefit the patient. I don't diagnose stroke.
Another day, another dilemma. I'd been asked to go on a home visit to see a patient I'd never met. Mr Tipton was in his 50s and complaining of a viral infection.
As I skimmed through his notes, one item stood out. In between entries for a slightly high blood pressure reading and a chesty cough, one read 'six years' imprisonment for child sex offences'.
Mr Tipton was a paedophile and had only recently been released.
He lives in a 17-storey tower block as grey and intimidating on the inside as it is on the outside.
After several minutes of knocking on the door, Mr Tipton answers.
Walking unsteadily with the aid of a Zimmer frame, he led me into the flat. It was like nothing I had ever seen, with beer cans and cigarette butts in their hundreds, and a brown, sticky floor.
I try desperately to manoeuvre myself down the corridor without touching anything. I don't some gloves and half-heartedly prod his belly. I make a few token comments about letting viruses take their course and then I flee.
When I call social services, I make it very clear I didn't think any more medical input was needed.
I could have done more both as a tor and as a human. But as I red the squalor that was Mr Tips life, I had just two thoughts.
The first was: 'Serves you right, you filthyy paedo,' closely followed by: 'How quickly can I get out of here and dump this problem on someone else?'
The Hippocratic Oath tells us that it not our place to judge patients, but to treat each one as we would any other.
I agree with this in principle, but offering compassion to a paedophile covered in his own mess isn't easy.
We're all influenced by appearances, of course. Take drug companies, for example.
They are very good at overcharging us for medicine. Millions of pounds are wasted by the NHS because doctors prescribe expensive drugs when they could choose a much cheaper version of the same thing.
Hoodwinking
How do the pharmaceutical companies hoodwink us into doing that? Young and attractive drug reps buy us lunch or even take us out for dinner at posh restaurants, then feed us biased information on why we should use their more expensive medicine and give us free pens sporting their brand.
In the U.S., pharmaceutical companies employ former American football players and cheerleaders to do this.
Like everyone else, doctors are suckers for a pretty face. The attractive female reps are sent to sell their products to the predominantly male surgical consultants, while the pretty-boy male reps sell to the more female-dominated obstetric and paediatric departments.
Fortunately, in this country our retired sports stars tend to fall ungracefully into alcoholism and gambling addiction rather than trying to sell us over-priced medicines.
At one dispensing practice I worked for, I was shocked when the partners passed round a list of the medications that we were 'encouraged' to prescribe.
One of these was the antidepressant Seroxat, which has recently had a huge amount of justifiably bad press.
The manufacturer was accused of hiding evidence that its use has been linked with higher suicide rates in young people.
Despite this, the partners were encouraging us to prescribe it over safer, cheaper and equally effective anti-depressant alternatives.
When I questioned this, I was told the dispensary (i.e. the partners), make only a penny on every prescription of Prozac they dispense, but £1 profit on every Seroxat prescription.
As well as constant pressure from drug reps, GPs also face resistance from patients when trying to change medication.
Whenever I can, I try to switch my patients from the more expensive medicines to cheaper equivalents. One elderly lady once stormed into my surgery furious that I had changed her medicine:
'You told me that the new medicine was the same as the old one!'
'Yes, that's right, Mrs Goodson - same medicine, different name.'
'Well, I know that's nonsense because when I try to flush these tablets down the toilet, they don't float like the old ones did!'
A good doctor
So what makes a good doctor? At my medical school interview, the panel yawned as I spouted some naive nonsense about being caring and good at working in a team.
During my training year after medical school, I saw a middle-aged woman with stomach pains.
I referred her urgently to the hospital because I thought she might have stomach cancer. She was seen within a week and turned out to have bad indigestion.
The consultant sent me a snotty letter suggesting I'd made an inappropriate (and expensive) referral, causing unnecessary anxiety to the patient.
The patient and her husband, however, think I am a saint ('That wonderful Dr Goldberg arranged for me to be seen so quickly').
Most of us have an idea when we're being good or bad doctors. On a Friday afternoon, when I'm drained and focused on the weekend, I'm a rubbish doctor.
I prescribe antibiotics for colds. I sign inappropriate sick certificates and dish out sleeping pills as if they were sweets. I'll usually give my patients anything they want if it helps me get to home on time.
As GPs, we are supposed to be the 'gatekeepers of the NHS', but it is much easier to leave the gate permanently ajar rather than carefully defend the NHS waiting lists by fending off the worried well.
I'm very popular with my patients on a Friday afternoon because they are getting what they want, but I'm certainly not practising good medicine.
But good medicine can come in many forms - and not all of them in a foil-backed pill packet. Sometimes, kindness is the best doctor.
Like parents, doctors are not supposed to have favourites, but I am rather fond of Mrs Peacock. She is well into her 80s and her memory has been deteriorating over the past few years.
Most weeks she develops a medical problem and calls up the surgery, requesting me to visit.
When I arrive, the problem has been resolved or at least forgotten, and I end up changing the fuse on the washing machine or helping her to find her address book which we eventually locate in the fridge.
Social support
I imagine the grumbling taxpayer wouldn't be too pleased to know that having forked out more than £250,000 to put me through my medical school training, they are now paying my wages of £70 an hour for me to try ineptly to recall which coloured wire is earth in Mrs Peacock's ageing plug.
What she needs a bit of social support - much more than she needs a doctor - so when I return to the surgery I spend 30 minutes trying to get through to social services on the phone.
When I finally do, I am told that due to her dementia, Mrs Peacock needs a psychiatric assessment before they can offer any assistance.
The psychiatrist is off sick with depression and the waiting list to see the stand-in psychiatrist is three months.
I'm also reminded that she'll need to have had a long list of expensive tests to exclude a medical cause for her memory loss.
Three months and many normal test results later, Mrs Peacock forgot to go to her appointment and had to return to the back of the queue.
Through no fault of her own, Mrs Peacock has cost the NHS a small fortune. Her heart scan, blood tests and hospital appointments all cost money and we GPs don't come cheap, either.
She does have mild dementia but, more importantly, she is lonely. She needs someone to pop in for a cup of tea from time to time and remind her to feed her long-suffering cat.
Meanwhile, I'll continue to visit and provide practical support. I guess this is what is called Vocation.
Seed giant Syngenta is asking federal regulators in the United States to raise the allowable levels of a certain pesticide used on select crops despite warnings from critics.
According to a Sept. 5 document published on the Federal Register, the agri-business corporation wants the US Environmental Protection Agency to increase the amount of thiamethoxam that can legally be used on certain crops, raising concerns among pesticide opponents who say a surge in chemical use could cause widespread problems. Syngenta developed the chemical, and the compound was first approved for use in the US in 1999.
Among the requests made by Syngenta earlier this month is that EPA increase the amount of thiamethoxam that can be used on sweet corn crops from 0.1 parts per million (ppm) to 5.0ppm — a 50-fold increase — and raising the allowable amount on hay from wheat by 400 times over. The company is also asking that the EPA make changes to the thiamethoxam tolerance levels concerning alfalfa and barley.
Ann Bryan, a spokeswoman for the company, told E&E News that Syngenta is seeking the changes because it would allow the chemical to be used as a leaf spray and not just a seed treatment, in turn letting farmers douse crops with thiamethoxam in an effort to treat late- to midseason insects.
But as Tiffany Stecker reported for E&E, the chemical in question is part of a family of insecticides that has previously come under attack for being linked to adverse effects on ecosystems of all sorts.
“Neonicotinoid pesticides are one of many factors that scientists say have caused a dramatic decline in pollinators, insects and animals that help crop production by carrying pollen from one plant to another,” Stecker wrote, adding that more than half of the managed honeybee colonies in the US have vanished during the last decade, according to the Pollinator Partnership nonprofit group.
“Scientists say neonicotinoids can suppress bees' immune systems, making them more vulnerable to viruses and bacteria. The Fish and Wildlife Service agreed to phase out neonicotinoids on wildlife refuges nationwide starting in January 2016,” she added.
As RT reported previously, the European Union has banned neonicotinoids for two years after studies there suggest similarly. A 2012 report found that “sub-lethal exposure to neonicotinoids is likely the main culprit for the occurrence of CCD,” or Colony Collapse Disorder — a phenomenon in which workers bees suddenly disappear — and the Ontario Ministry of Environment and the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs came to similar conclusions last year.
“The information evaluated suggests that planting of corn seeds treated with the nitro-guanidine insecticides clothianidin and/or thiamethoxam contributed to the majority of the bee mortalities that occurred in corn growing regions of Ontario and Quebec inspring 2012,” the Canadian agencies found.
Now as Syngenta petitions for an increase in tolerance levels, advocates say the company should reconsider.
“Syngenta claims that foliar applications will be more likely to stick to the leaves of crops, and thus are less risky to pollinators,” the Beyond Pesticides group wrote in a recent press release. “[B]ut the fact remains that these chemicals are systemic and persistent, and any amount applied will contaminate soil, and has potential the be expressed in the crop's pollen, nectar and guttation (dew) droplets on which pollinators forage and drink.”
Adding to that statement during a recent interview with E&E's Stecker, Aimee Simpson, the police director and staff attorney for Beyond Pesticides, suggested that Syngenta is taking the opposite approach amidst growing concerns surrounding CCD and other issues linked to neonicotinoids like thiamethoxam.
"Instead of figuring ways to stop or reduce the use, it's significantly increasing the amount on forage materials and other crops," Simpson said.
"Growers depend on neonicotinoids and other crop protection products to increase crop productivity," Syngenta's Bryan countered Simpson's remark. “And the scientific evidence clearly shows that bees and other pollinators can coexist safely with modern agricultural technologies like neonicotinoids when product labels are followed.”
“Syngenta is committed to biodiversity, including thriving pollinators,” Bryan said.
The EPA is accepting comments concerning changes to thiamethoxam tolerance through October 6, 2014.
(With apologies to the Ramones)
(Full Lyrics)
Twenty twenty twenty four hours to go
I wanna get Kickstarted
So much to do, new worlds to write,
I wanna get Kickstarted
Just get me to nine-thousand, un-lock that audio
Hurry hurry hurry, while there's time to go.
I can't control the numbers, I cannot stop the show
Oh no oh oh oh oh
Twenty twenty twenty four hours to go
I wanna get Kickstarted
So much to do, new stories to write,
I wanna get Kickstarted
Just go and back the project now, get me to the goal
Hurry hurry hurry, help us keep up the flow
I can't control the numbers, I cannot stop the show
Oh no oh oh oh oh
Twenty twenty twenty four hours to go
I wanna get Kickstarted
So much to do, new stories to write,
I wanna get Kickstarted
Just go and back the project now, get me to the goal
Hurry hurry hurry, help us keep up the flow
I can't control the numbers, I cannot stop the show
Oh no oh oh oh oh
genre genre Genrenauts, I wanna get Kickstarted
genre genre Genrenauts, I wanna get Kickstarted
genre genre Genrenauts, I wanna get Kickstarted
genre genre Genrenauts, I wanna get Kickstarted
He has been crowned the greatest footballer on the planet three times, takes home an annual pay packet thought to total £50million, and is known for dating a string of supermodels.
Now a remarkable new documentary has underlined Cristiano Ronaldo's fierce beliefs on parenting - and that his son, born to a mystery woman, does not need his mother in his life.
Ronaldo, due to screen on November 9, offers surprising insight into the Portuguese footballer's fierce desire to be a good father and his vulnerabilities stemming from a broken relationship with his own alcoholic dad.
Among the most telling claims captured is his belief his five-year-old son Cristiano Jr 'doesn't need a mother' and that his influence alone 'is enough'.
The new documentary 'Ronaldo' offers unprecedented access to the superstar footballer's life
It shows him as a doting father, determined to be a positive influence on his son Cristiano Jr (pictured together)
Ronaldo refuses to reveal who is the boy's mother, but states he needs only his father to be raised well
The young boy was born under a cloud of mystery in 2010, when the player announced he had become a father and an agreement reached that he would have exclusive guardianship of the child.
His mother's identity, as per the agreement, would remain a mystery.
The statement at the time read: 'As agreed with the baby's mother, who prefers to have her identity kept confidential, my son will be under my exclusive guardianship.'
Although he still refuses to reveal the identity of his son's mother in the documentary, he addresses the rumours he used a surrogate, which have swirled for years.
'People speculate I was with this girl or another, or there was a surrogate mother. I have never told anyone and never will.
'When Cristiano is grown up I will tell him what I did, what I felt, everything that went through my mind.
'Some children never get to know their parents, neither mother nor father. Having a father is enough.'
The documentary contains plenty of footage of the loving father and son together.
Ronaldo is recorded doing press ups with his son on his back, or the two are lying in bed as Cristiano reveals to his father he wants to be a goalkeeper.
Taking in the year in which he helped Real Madrid to 'la decima' - their tenth European Cup - his young son Cristiano Ronaldo Jr. says: 'I'm going to be a goalkeeper. Okay dad?'
In this scene, Ronaldo does push ups while his young son sits on his back
In another, he breaks down in tears at being separated from his son following a phone call with the youngster
Ronaldo's huge ego is also on display in the film. During dinner with friends, he reminds them he is the greatest player on the planet then bursts into laughter at his own joke
The Real Madrid star responds: 'A goalkeeper. Are you joking?'
Another scene shows Ronaldo breaking down in tears when his footballing commitments keep him apart from his son.
This intense desire to be a good and loving father stems from his fractured relationship with his alcoholic father Dinis, who died 10 years ago when Ronaldo was 20.
He states: 'If you ask me why my father became an alcoholic I don't know, maybe he was frustrated with life.
'I wanted to a different father who could be more present and to see my achievements.'
The film-makers responsible for the project are those lauded for their documentaries on Brazilian F1 legend Ayrton Senna and musician Amy Winehouse.
The film will be released in cinemas for one night only on November 9
Following the superstar for 14 months, the cameras give viewers a glimpse into the 30-year-old's insecurities, and the loving connection between himself, his mother and his son.
The close relationship between Ronaldo and his mother Dolores is no secret - though she does reveal to documentary makers she wanted to abort him when pregnant.
'I wanted to have an abortion but God did not want that to happen,' she says to camera. 'Cristiano was an unwanted baby but he's given me so much joy.'
She also reveals feeling as though she 'abandoned' Ronaldo when he moved from Madeira to Sporting Lisbon to begin his professional career at the age of 12.
Ronaldo said of the time: 'I cried every day. People say we have money and cars but we suffered.'
However, the film leaves no doubt as to his remarkable ego. He spends many hours topless and is happy to be filmed preening in front of mirrors.
It also reveals just how important he feels the Ballon d'Or to be. Judged by his peers in the international football community, the award is handed out every year to the single player deemed to be the best.
The rivalry between himself and Barcelona forward Lionel Messi is obvious, and Ronaldo comes across as petulant when missing out on the gong.
There are five times in Star vs the Forces of Evil (up to the mid-Season 2 finales) when dipping down or something like it is depicted. Presented here in chronological order, they are:
1. Star going through Mewberty
Features:
Glowing, heart-shaped eyes
Non-glowing cheek marks
Purple skin
Six arms, wings, and antennae
Flying
2. Destroying the crystal cage in Storm the Castle
Features:
Glowing eyes (just her pupils are glowing in this image; in a later scene the entirety of her eyes glow)
Glowing cheek marks
Glowing wand
No flight or insect features
3. Unlocking the door in My New Wand!
Features:
Glowing eyes
Glowing cheek marks
Glowing body
Levitation
No insect features
4. Mina Loveberry's transformation in Starstruck
Features:
Glowing eyes
Glowing body
Levitation
Significantly increased muscle mass
No insect features
5. Momma Butterfly at the end of Game of Flags
Features:
Glowing eyes
Non-glowing cheek marks
Purple skin
Six arms, wings, and antennae
Flying
Of all of these, only #3 is explicitly called “dipping down”. However, they all feature the use of magic without a wand or other device. Could they all be examples of “dipping down”, or is there some other technique at work here?
The differences between the examples may be revealing. Both the Mewberty and Game of Flags examples feature a physical transformation into a butterfly form, with two extra pairs of arms and large butterfly wings. Of all the Mewmans we've seen in the show, only Moon and Star have been shown to have this ability (although that's a topic for another post). In contrast with the examples from Storm the Castle and My New Wand!, neither of the butterfly transformations have glowing cheek marks, although they do have glowing eyes.
My current thoughts on the matter are as follows:
#2 and #3 are both examples of “dipping down”, which Glossaryck told Star about in *My New Wand!* and which Moon learned to do at the age of 19. It seems like the effects of dipping down can vary: in #2, Star uses it to augment the power of her wand beyond what it was formerly capable of, and in #3, Star uses it to perform a feat she normally does with the wand without it.
#1 and #5 are not examples of true “dipping down”, but do work similarly. Instead of being a deliberate act, transforming into a butterfly is a more instinctual action, dipping down into the hobo stew of the universe on an inherent level that perhaps doesn't go quite as far down as when done deliberately (hence why their cheek marks don't glow).
#4 may be similar to #1 and #5. Although Mina Loveberry doesn't have glowing cheek marks, she doesn't have cheek marks at all (beyond the mud markings that she applies), so that's to be expected. She transforms herself into a formidable warrior, which may be analogous to the butterfly transformation or it may be a different use of dipping down.
Things I don't know:
Are all Mewmans capable of dipping down, or can only a few do it? Likewise, can all Mewmans transform into butterflies like Star and Moon have done?
Mina's transformation is almost entirely physical. She bulks up, floats, and speaks in a multitudinous voice. Is this her version of a butterfly transformation, or is it true “dipping down”?
Speaking of true dipping down, is there actually a difference between the transformations of #1, #4, #5, and #2, #3? #1 was uncontrolled, but Mina's and Moon's transformations were deliberate. Could they just be other applications of dipping down, instead of something separate yet related?
Hopefully future episodes will shed some light on these questions. I suspect that the physical differences between Mina and the Butterfly women play a part in this, but that's a subject for another time.
One example I have consciously left out of this discussion is Moon's tapestry from Into the Wand.
• Midfielder believed to be enthusiastic about move to Stadium Of Light • David Moyes trying to sign Yann M'Vila but situation is ‘complicated'
Sunderland have had a £7m offer for the Sevilla midfielder Vicente Iborra accepted and remain keen on also signing Yann M'Vila from Rubin Kazan.
Although Iborra is believed to be enthusiastic about relocating to the Stadium of Light, there is interest from other clubs and any deal seems unlikely to be finalised until after the weekend.
David Moyes will get it right at Sunderland, says Steven Pienaar Read more
A Europa League winner for the past three seasons, the versatile 28-year-old regarded in some quarters as a “superior Marouane Fellaini” not only caught David Moyes's eye during the Sunderland manager's time in charge of Real Sociedad but was wanted by Sam Allardyce before he swapped Wearside for the England job.
M'Vila impressed on loan at Sunderland last season and there are only four months remaining on the former France midfielder's contract in Russia but much depends on whether Rubin Kazan reduce a seemingly steep asking price.
“It's a complicated situation but we keep trying,” said Moyes, whose already slender squad has been ravaged by a rash of injuries. “We've got one or two offers in for players right now and we're actively trying to improve the squad.”
With an elbow ligament injury sidelining Vito Mannone – who may yet need surgery – for a minimum of three months, Moyes requires an extra goalkeeper. While it is unclear whether he will be bought to understudy the highly rated 22-year-old England Under-21 keeper Jordan Pickford or go straight into the first team, Sunderland's manager has not ruled out a potential loan move for for Manchester City's newly ousted former no1, Joe Hart.
A compromise would almost certainly need to be reached with City over the England goalkeeper's £125,000 weekly wage but Moyes – who admits Pickford could easily have started the season ahead of Mannone – appears open to the possibility.
“I'll need to wait and see what's available in the next few days,” said a manager keen to add the widely coveted young Barnsley defender Alfie Mawson to his squad while also actively seeking an attacking partner for Jermain Defoe. “I've given Jordan the jersey for now and we'll see how things go from here.”
Pickford will be in goal at Southampton on Saturday when Moyes hopes to collect his first point – or points – since succeeding Allardyce. “It was very tight between Jordan and Vito at the start of the season,” he said. “Vito, with his experience, got the jersey but Jordan's well liked here and we're looking forward to having him in the team. And I do believe if you get young English players in your side, it draws a lot of attention to your football club as it's something the media and the public want to see.”
There is, though, a caveat which could yet open the door for Hart. “We'll see how Jordan does in the games,” said Moyes. “It's a big step up from where he's been and it's not easy for young goalkeepers. I'm confident that he'll be fine and he'll get a chance – but the Premier League is a different animal.”
Lamine Koné,, meanwhile, still anxious to join Everton, could return to central defence for Moyes's team following his return to light training after a back complaint. “I'll have to assess Lamine but, if he's fit, he'll play,” said Sunderland's manager who remains adamant he will not accept the Merseysiders' £18m bid. “I need him.”
“I was flitting from job to job when I wrote this song, and I felt kind of stuck. I think I just needed to reset my situation, and this song was the first step for me to do that. I quit all the jobs I was working, took all of the money I saved, and made this record. I think sometimes people get so entrenched in their current situation, that they fail to realize they can change things anytime they want. It's just taking that first step that's tough, and once you do it, the rest is easy.”
—Colton Kayser
Today we have the pleasure of premiering Colton Kayser's newest single “Save My Soul” from his upcoming LP Place To Settle. The single's nostalgic, worn out blues is beautifully captured by the swirling B3 organ and pristine vocal which walks along some well plotted guitar chords.
The themes of “hometown burnout” are treated with a compassionate sense of self-reliance, avoiding the venomous, no-accountability diatribes that Dylan imbues his kiss-offs with. And it is here where Kayser separates himself from the current pack of alt country troubadours—avoiding a put-on self-importance by adding a genuine sweetness and likability to his contemporary songwriting.
Place To Settle is out July 30th and can be pre-ordered through his website.
Can you crowdfund your way to the moon? Kristian von Bengtson and Chris Larmour, the co-founders of Moonspike, want to send a privately built rocket to the Moon and land an impactor in the surface. And they want to get the project off the ground by soliciting $1 million through a Kickstarter campaign that kicked off this morning.
The plan is audacious. Within a decade, von Bengston and a team will build a rocket and a small impactor, select a launch, and send it to the moon. The impactor itself will be a technological demonstration, but an orbiter will monitor the plumes created to send back some science as well.
If it succeeds, it will be the first private mission to the moon. It will also come from an upstart company that falls somewhere in between the high-profile private spaceflight community (like SpaceX or Orbital ATK) and amateur rocketry clubs awaiting an orbital launch. Von Bengston comes to the project from one such amateur start-up, Copenhagen Suborbitals, which is buys building a crewed amateur mission to space.
"What drives Chris and me in this project is this engineering adventure," von Bengston says. "Obviously there will be science attached to this, but it's part of the adventure."
Larmour manages the business side of things. His plan is to begin searching for further funding once the Kickstarter "Series A" is a success. If the project doesn't succeed? There's no launch. Larmour says he doesn't want to work with venture capital for the initial round of funding, as it might hamper the timeline.
Instead, the team says it will post its feasability studies immediately, outlining the launch vehicle and mission plans. From there, they will continuously post updates to their Kickstarter stakeholders as they fabricate engine parts and complete the design.
"If we manage to raise that Kickstarter amount, we plan on showing people on a weekly basis that hardware is not just being drafted, but also constructed," von Bengston says. "We have to demonstrate that we're using that money responsibly toward our project goals," Larmour adds.
Larmour says the pair have already spoken with space agencies, public and private, about the plan, seeking input along the way and hoping to garner goodwill. Larmour, as the manager of the business side of things, is also working with regulators to ensure that the eventual launch is up to protocol.
So when will that launch be? Von Bengston isn't setting a date yet, saying that with almost all the parts developed in-house, it's a matter of getting it right rather than meeting a deadline. "If I say five, six, seven years, it won't be correct, but I do believe it will be a fast process," he says. The team also won't take on borrowed or bought rocket parts to get the job done.
"For us, the task is not to get someone else to build the rockets," von Bengston says. "It's about taking that task ourselves—otherwise there's no fun in it."
As most of you probably know, someone somewhere dumped a deluge of purported nude photographs of a number of female celebrities online yesterday. The victims include the likes of Kate Upton, Victoria Justice, Ariana Grande, Kirsten Dunst, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Krysten Ritter, Yvonne Strahovski, and Teresa Palmer. But the focal point for this story has been Hunger Games/American Hustle actress Jennifer Lawrence, since the Oscar winning actress is perhaps the most famous actress on the planet right now. Without going into sordid details (Justice and Grande have said the photos claimed to be of them are fake, other victims have confirmed theirs are real), I'd like to make two very specific points. Ms. Lawrence and the other victims have absolutely nothing to apologize for in terms of the contents of the photos or the nature in which they were leaked. The story itself should not be addressed as if it were a scandal, but rather what it is: A sex crime involving theft of personal property and the exploitation of the female body.
Outlets as mainstream as People and CNN are referring to the photo leak as a "scandal." All due respect, it's not a scandal. The actresses and musicians involved did nothing immoral or legally wrong by choosing to take nude pictures of themselves and put them on their personal cell phones. You may argue, without any intended malice, that it may be unwise in this day-and-age to put nude pictures of yourself on a cell phone which can be hacked and/or stolen. But without discounting that statement, the issue is that these women have the absolute right and privilege to put whatever they want on their cell phones with the expectation that said contents will remain private or exclusive to whomever is permitted to see them just like their male peers. The burden of moral guilt is on the people who stole said property and on those who chose to consume said stolen property for titillation and/or gratification.
It is not Ms. Ritter's or Ms. Dunst's responsibility to protect their own property from theft by not creating said property or only storing it in a specific place any more than it's any woman's responsibility to dress a certain way, travel in groups, wear special nail polish, or what-have-you to lessen the chance that someone will attempt to assault them. As is often the case when we discuss crimes of this nature against women, we have it backwards. It is not on the (usually, but not always, female) victim to take "enough" measures to protect herself but rather on the (usually, but not always, male) victimizer to choose not to commit said crime. That notion was lost on the Disney Channel back in 2007. They treated Vanessa Hudgens like a sinful child after personal nudes were leaked and stated that "Vanessa has apologized for what was obviously a lapse in judgment. We hope she's learned a valuable lesson."
I sincerely hope that absolutely none of the victims involved in this current leak takes any form of "responsibility" or apologizes for anything. The victims involved have committed no crime and committed no sin by creating said photos in the first place or in "allowing" them to be stolen. What occurred yesterday is a theft and a crime, plain and simple. It is a personal violation of a prurient nature, with photos of an explicit nature that were intended for private or personal use now unleashed online for anyone to see, for free no less. It is, if I may digress for a moment, a loss in a business sense as well, if only because sadly an actress's body and the titillation that it theoretically brings is one of her most important assets to Hollywood. If you don't believe me, then take a look at (random examples) the trailers for Weinstein Company's Lawless, Paramount's Star Trek Into Darkness, and Walt Disney's Guardians of the Galaxy, plus the posters for Warner Bros.' (the kids-centric PG-rated) Journey 2: The Mysterious Island and notice how the actresses are highlighted.
The theft via cell phone hacking of countless nude photos, real or doctored, of various female celebrities is not a "scandal" to be mocked and teased about as if it were a public wardrobe malfunction or a gaffe. It should not be treated with quippy sub-headlines like "What Would Katniss do?" It is a crime that has turned the entire online community into potential peeping Toms with little-to-no accountability for the consumers of said stolen property/invasion of privacy. This is clearly a violation. It is a crime of theft with the intent to exploit its victims as punishment for the unpardonable sin of being female. A woman, be she in the public eye or a private citizen, has a right and privilege to take photos of herself for whatever reason she chooses. A woman, be she a celebrity or a regular citizen, has the right to store them in the same manner as her male peers without the presumption that they will be stolen by an act of cyber hackery. And if said photos exist and said photos are stolen, the shame of that act should be, nay must be, wholly on the perpetrator of said crime.
It is not the responsibility of our female population to take "X" number of steps to lessen the chance that a member of our male population will engage in untoward conduct towards them, be it assault or street harassment. As a society, we deal with violence, especially sexual violence, against women in much the wrongheaded manner that we have fought the war on drugs. We focus on the supply-side, with an emphasis on the things that women must do to "stay safe" instead of focusing on lessening mens' "demand" to view women as purely a disposable commodity. In short, we emphasize how women can prevent being assaulted instead of telling men and boys not to assault women in the first place. Instead of condemning those who would steal the private photographs and publish them online for all to see, we condemn or belittle the women who chose to create said private photographs in the first place. Ms. Lawrence, Ms. Winstead, and the like have absolutely nothing to apologize for. They have not been scandalized, but rather victimized.
RUNDLE Mall will be transformed into an open thoroughfare with new paving, lighting and marquee stores in a $30 million plan to revive the premier retail strip.
As retailers face increasing pressure from online sales, Adelaide City Council's plan aims to create a unique shopping experience by bringing a new mix of dining and cafe stores and exclusive brands to the Mall.
Major visible changes include new hard-wearing paving, a covered event theatre in Gawler Place and more trees.
The most controversial change is a "de-cluttering" of the Mall's centre which will result in the removal of five existing businesses - including a cafe and flower sellers - from the middle of the walkway. Replacing these permanent structures will be two corridors for "pop-up" enterprises on the mall's fringes.
They will include coffee and food stores. The council has pledged that businesses shifted from the centre of the mall will be strongly encouraged to relocate nearby.
The Mall's balls and pig sculptures will remain but be moved off the central walkway.
The "de-cluttering" begins in December. Heavy construction will start next February, take a year to complete and progress in 30m increments to limit disruption to existing traders.
The detailed plan, to be released today, follows the announcement of a broad precinct masterplan in October.
It was estimated to cost $60 million and included major works on laneways running off the Mall, but these have now been shelved.
Lord Mayor Stephen Yarwood said the council had fully budgeted for the $30 million project, which includes $5 million set aside in an innovation fund which can be tapped by businesses with "creative activation" proposals.
"Whether it's the laneways, up-storey activation or facade treatments, we're looking at the first time in a long time at collaborative finance with the private sector to stimulate activity in the city," he said.
"De-cluttering the Mall is going to make it easier to navigate, have people able to see the shops and high-quality architecture, which is a key point of difference.
"The mall is not a shopping centre, it's unique."
The council's Mall spending is in addition to its approval of a $24 million Victoria Square revamp.
The State Government expects to have the $570 million Adelaide Oval redevelopment complete by 2014 and is working on a major overhaul of the Liquor Licensing Act to promote Melbourne-style small bars.
Adelaide City Council chief executive Peter Smith said the Mall had to become an active place during the day and night and provide shoppers with experiences that could not be matched by suburban or online trading.
He said the "de-cluttered" Mall would allow the council and traders to be more flexible.
"It has to be a place where people want to be," Mr Smith said. "We've created a stage. We could put a night food market down the middle. The shops can open if they want.
"That's the whole point of the change - we've created a place of changing experiences for people."
The council is taking on substantial new debt to fund its mall and square vision. The Government gave $2 million for detailed square design and the council is likely to push for more at the next election campaign.
Borrowing for the two projects will increase council debt by $10.8 million over two years.
My Yarwood said the plan had "unanimous support from council" and its cost was very manageable. However, it still needs formal approval over the next two weeks. Additional stages could be added to the Mall upgrade if the money was found.
Originally published as Rundle Mall to get $30m makeover
People who love Dogecoin really love Dogecoin.
It's to the point where aficionados of the meme-themed cryptocurrency will hand out dogecoins to pretty much anyone on the off chance that person will respond, ?Such money. So currency. Wow.” That generosity has led to the seven-week-old Dogecoin becoming, far and away, the most widely traded virtual currency in the world.
It may be pretty easy to pick up some Dogecoin, but, until now, it's been difficult to convert it into cash. On Wednesday, Canadian electronic currency exchange Vault of Satoshi announced that it will now support Dogecoin, making it far easier to convert the currency into U.S dollars.
Previously, anyone interested in turning their dogecoins into government-backed currency with wider acceptance had to make an individual deal with someone willing to trade for Bitcoin, which could then be exchanged for dollars, Euros, and the like. However, this intermediate step not only made the entire process significantly more onerous, but it also inserted an element of risk.
In an email to the Daily Dot, Reddit user u/goodshibe, who serves as a moderator of the r/DogecoinScamWatch subreddit, explained how the majority of the scams posted on the forum involve people having their coins taken from them while trying to convert dollars into dogecoins, or vice versa. ?Once … [Dogecoin] gets a direct USD/CAD conversion … in place, many of these kinds of scams will fall away,” u/goodshibe predicted.
This newfound ability to easily and safely convert Dogecoin into dollars could change the nature of how the currency is used. According to BitInfoCharts.com, dogecoins with the equivalent of $212,500,000 USD were traded over the past 24 hours. To give a sense of how ridiculous that transaction volume is, the total value of every dogecoin in existence is only around $60,300,000.
The vast majority of that high volume comes with people freely giving their dogecoins to others—either in coordinated efforts like when doge-lovers donated the equivalent of $30,000 to send the Jamaican bobsled team to the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia, or via automated tip bots on Reddit or Twitter.
On one hand, that generosity is undoubtedly related to the fact that a single dogecoin is worth a tiny fraction of a penny, so handing out a few dogecoins takes only slightly more commitment than liking something on Facebook. However, it's likely also a function of there not being a whole lot of things someone could easily do with a wallet full of dogecoins other than hand them out like candy on Halloween. Now that converting dogecoins into dollars is no more difficult than exchanging any other cryptocurrency, there's the chance that the community surrounding Dogecoin may come to more closely resemble that of any other cryptocurrency.
Most Dogecoin fans were thrilled by Vault of Satoshi's announcement. ?All-in-all, this is truly the start of something huge for Dogecoin. And that's why NOW is the time to capitalize on it,” wrote u/goodshibe in a Reddit post. ?We need to get more outreach efforts off the ground, more charitable responses. I'll be donating 20,000 DOGE … to BellLetsTalk on Twitter, a campaign to raise awareness for Mental Health. They don't take Dogecoins, but hopefully, when they see that there's a decent amount of them coming in, they'll be amenable to it. Money is money, right? Especially now that they can exchange those cryptos on Vault of Satoshi and get their money's worth.”
Photo by _tar0_/Flickr
21192
NORFOLK, Va. (WVEC) -- Third Party candidates for president have seen a spike in interest among voters who have grown wary of the Democratic and Republican candidates.
While it is unlikely that the Libertarian or Green Party has a real shot at the White House on November 8, their respective candidates did make inroads when it comes to interest from the American voter. 13News Now spoke to local representatives from both parties about the key issues from this election.
In a survey conducted by Christopher Newport University Wason Center Poll, the Libertarian Party garnered a favorability rating on 34 percent, and 30 percent of those surveyed had an unfavorable opinion of the party. An estimated 30 percent had no view while 6 percent didn't know.
Green Party representative Jeff Staples calls for investing to the state infrastructure by turning to clean, renewable energy, as a way to create new jobs.
Robert Dean with the Tidewater Libertarian Party says that cutting the corporate tax with spur growth.The same poll gauged which party would be better for the economy, with Trump's 49 percent to Clinton's 44 percent who believe she would have a better impact on the economy. The Tidewater Libertarian Party, which sees itself as an alternative to the Republican Party, sides with Trump.
Sign up for the daily In the NOW Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the afternoon. Thank you for signing up for the NOW Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
While voters have expressed interest in an alternative political party, surveys show an erosion. A CNU Wason Center poll take on Sept. 26th found that Green Party candidate Jill Stein was polling at 3 percent, which has now dropped to 1 percent among voters.Staples, who ran an unsuccessful bid for Republican Del. Barry Knight's seat, says the polls often do not poll voters under the age of 35, which is the age group that often flock to 3rd party options.On the Libertarian side, Gary Johnson has fallen in the polls as well when it comes to who voters would choose for office. Dean says future candidates would do well to draw on the failures of establishment candidates to gain traction for future elections.
Image: blackboard1965/Shutterstock
There is a grim bit in comedian Dave Chappelle's new Netflix special about clicking "don't like" on an Islamic State beheading video.
"How is this guy cutting peoples' heads off on YouTube?" Chappelle asks, noting the absurdity of it.
Don't like. Click.
In reality, reports of extremist content littering YouTube aren't new. But when hundreds of major advertisers began suspending contracts with YouTube and Google in recent months, boycotting the massive video-sharing platform over concerns with such explicit content, things got a lot more real.
Google services—namely YouTube—are the most plentiful and important links used by terrorist organizations to disseminate their propaganda. And despite all of YouTube's efforts to keep them out thus far, such groups still manage to sneak their media onto its servers.
The Current State of YouTube
The amount of YouTube and other Google links created to push terrorist content is hard to overstate. Take one IS recruitment video, "And You Will be Superior," one of many released amid the snowballing boycott. The 35-minute video, released on March 18, urges people of all ages to join IS by featuring suicide bombers from different walks of life—a doctor, a disabled fighter, and a young child—describing their lives before footage of their respective suicide operations.
Image: SITE
When IS releases a video like this, an array of pro-IS media groups—translators, promoters, social media leaders, link-creators—immediately get to work in pushing it out across the internet. One very important, but not widely known media group, The Upload Knights (or Fursan al-Rafa in Arabic), plays a major role in the dissemination of these releases by creating hundreds of links to them across various streaming and file-sharing sites on a daily basis.
The importance of YouTube to The Upload Knights and other terrorist media groups is clear as day. During a two-day span following the release of "And You Will be Superior," The Upload Knights distributed the video and its promotional banner with 136 unique links from Google services alone: 69 for YouTube, 54 for Google Drive, and 13 for Google Photos.
Keep in mind, that was just one video, and just one media group. In the 10 days between March 8 and 18—the time span leading to the aforementioned video's release—The Upload Knights channel posted 515 links to Google services: 328 for YouTube, 148 for Google Drive, and 39 for Google Photos.
YouTube is equally important for al Qaeda (AQ) and its affiliates. Note the way in which al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula's (AQAP) primary media channel prioritizes YouTube above all other forms of video dissemination. Releasing a May 3 video on clashes with Security Belt Forces in Yemen, the channel forwarded the video via three links: two of which to compilations of over 130 links on two pasting services, and one being a YouTube link.
AQAP releasing a video on Telegram. Image: SITE
Other jihadi videos on YouTube may be visually more low-key, but are just as insidious in their own ways. YouTube contains a library for speeches by extremist clerics like Anwar al-Awlaki, a deceased American citizen whom many terrorists have praised as a formative influence in their radicalization. As a teenage female IS recruit from Colorado once answered in an online Q&A platform, when asked what she does when she can't sleep at night: "Watch lectures on youtube and stay on Twitter."
And it's not just jihadist content plaguing YouTube's servers. Violently racist and bigoted videos like those featuring "Moonman," a white supremacist meme originated from old McDonald's advertising, show Jews and other minorities being shot while exclaiming "death camps for blacks" and "fascism's back." (To see just how easy they are to find, enter the word "Moonman" into YouTube's search bar.)
Simply put, advertisers' concerns are not unfounded.
Terrorists' Methods of Exploiting YouTube
It would be unfair to say YouTube hasn't done anything to stop terrorist media from reaching its servers. Per YouTube's policy on terrorist-related content:
YouTube strictly prohibits content intended to recruit for terrorist organizations, incite violence, celebrate terrorist attacks or otherwise promote acts of terrorism. We also do not permit foreign terrorist organizations to use YouTube. Content intended to document events connected to terrorist acts or news reporting on terrorist activities may be allowed on the site with sufficient context and intent. However, graphic or controversial footage may be subject to age-restrictions or a warning screen.
To this point, YouTube has made it easy for users to flag policy-violating content and worked toward implementing automated solutions for detecting terrorist content. However, as I've stated before, terrorist propaganda comprises a lot more than the gory execution videos which detection technologies may seek to find. And, just as troublingly, terrorist groups have repeatedly found ways to bypass unwanted attention from non-supporting users and administrators.
For instance, in order to prevent users from flagging explicit or inflammatory extremist videos, terrorist media groups and disseminators like The Upload Knights and AQ's As-Sahab Media Foundation often label YouTube videos as "unlisted," meaning that the videos cannot be searched—only accessed if you are given the link. This feature works well to keep a video somewhat contained to supporters and prospects. They are also just as easy as any other link to find on the messaging service Telegram, though, after which they can be further disseminated on social media.
IS video (left) and AQAP video (right) uploaded to YouTube and marked as unlisted. Image: SITE
Terrorist groups also upload videos that are not the actual videos they are advertised to be. Instead, audio plays over a still image with a message at the bottom directing users to alternative links provided in the description section. Take an April 26 video from IS' Ninawa Province for example:
Image in the video reads, "The link is in the video description," where another YouTube link is provided. Image: SITE
In the comments section of this YouTube upload, which was eventually removed, were several more links, making the YouTube page look a lot like a password-protected jihadi forum or private Telegram chat group:
Image: SITE
Toward Better Solutions
Terrorist groups are brand-focused by their very nature. Thus, releases by these organizations consistently bare recurring elements, including hashtags, phrases, and watermarks. For instance, videos by IS' 'Amaq News Agency consistently open with the same animation, as shown in the following screenshots taken from YouTube:
Image: SITE
Media by AQ and its affiliates likewise contain the same types of watermarks. For example, the following screenshots show recurring opening and closings of videos by AQAP:
Image: SITE
YouTube already uses precisely the type of technology that could recognize much of these elements on its servers as such. So, if the company can recognize copyright-infringing material and other policy-violating content, then why can't it do so for propaganda from a group like IS or AQ?
Also noteworthy is that when YouTube removes a video from a terrorist media group like The Upload Knights, it doesn't always remove the channel that posted it, allowing the group and others like it to upload future videos more easily.
Take an April 5 IS video from IS' Furat Province as an example. The following combined screenshots show the video's stats as it stood on YouTube with over 220 views prior to being taken down, and a thumbnail taken from Telegram, whereon it was widely disseminated.
Image: SITE
Despite being taken down, the YouTube channel that posted it is still active as of May 22, as shown in the following screenshot.
Image: SITE
Taking down these channels might at least offer somewhat more deterrence to terrorist groups. But by leaving them up, YouTube is already giving them a half-way head-start to upload the next terrorist release. In the wake of Monday's attack at Manchester Arena, for example, the Upload Knights Telegram channel began rapidly posting previously released IS videos threatening the West. Each video was posted with only five links, the first of which being to YouTube and Google Drive.
Image: SITE
There are plenty of such channels to go around on the platform. A search for The Upload Knights in Arabic shows an array of channels, complete with the Upload Knights name and logo:
Image: SITE
A lot of terrorist media groups also use uploading scripts like Rapidleech, which enable them to simultaneously upload content to multiple services, including YouTube, and easily repeat the process for each new piece of content. Anything seeming to be uploaded with such devices should at least be a red flag to those monitoring the platform for content deemed offensive, including extremist propaganda.
Extremist groups' ongoing embrace of YouTube, and their investment in new ways to stay on it, signals a clear and troubling message: terrorists still feel like they have a grasp on the platform. Responding to advertisers concerns in March, Ronan Harris, Managing Director of Google UK, stated that the company knows it "must do more," while promising to "provide simpler, more robust ways to stop [advertisers'] ads from showing against controversial content."
YouTube's issue with terrorist content is not just one of advertising revenue; it is one of safety. That said, we should all wish the video-sharing company and all other stake-holding information and communication technology platforms the best in countering extremist content on their servers, and hope to see these companies embrace new, adaptive solutions and partnerships in doing so. Maybe then would a joke about the absurdity of clicking "don't like" when confronted with a video of a terrorist "cutting peoples' heads off on YouTube" gradually lose relevancy.
For now, Chappelle's bit is as potent as ever. As is often said about comedy, there's a dark, unsettling humor in it because it's true.
Rita Katz, executive director of the SITE Intelligence Group, has infiltrated terrorist fronts undercover, testified before Congress and in terrorism trials, and personally briefed officials at the White House, as well as investigators in the Departments of Justice, Treasury, and Homeland Security. Her investigations and testimony have driven action by the US government against terror-linked organizations and individuals.
Ms. Katz is the author of TERRORIST HUNTER: The Extraordinary Story of a Woman who Went Undercover to Infiltrate the Radical Islamic Groups Operating in America.
Liverpool's City Bikes will be available to hire from April 23 at 10 rail stations, growing to 1,000 bikes at 100 stations by 2015
Words by Paul Cooper
Chris Boardman gave business leaders in Liverpool a first glimpse of the city's new bike hire scheme yesterday. High above Liverpool's city centre, in a special rooftop briefing, the cycling champion unveiled the scheme's new, bright green, three-geared, ‘City Bike' – given this name by popular vote in Liverpool.
Encouraging their support, Merseysider, Boardman, who has championed the project from its early planning stages also explained how the scheme will work. He said: “I'm keen that we get businesses on-board from the start. Their support in championing cycle hire – and helping us promote cycling as a cheap, healthy and environmentally friendly way of moving around the city – will be key to the success of the scheme.”
The scheme, operated by experienced UK supplier, HourBike Ltd, will roll out on April 23, with an initial 100 bikes at 10 stations. It will boast 500 bikes at 50 stations by July, and, second only to London in scale, 1,000 bikes, at more than 100 stations in 2015.
Displaying his characteristic enthusiasm for Britain's cycling revolution, Boardman said: “I'll be sharing my passion for the scheme at every opportunity, to help encourage as many people as possible to get on their bikes.”
CLOSE Speaking in Germany, President Obama revealed new details on the fight against the Islamic State. He said increased NATO and U.S. forces are needed to "drive ISIL back." VPC
President Obama speaks at the Hannover Messe, the world's largest industrial technology trade fair, in Hannover, northern Germany, Monday April 25, 2016. (Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP)
HANNOVER, Germany — President Obama announced Monday that he was authorizing the deployment of up to 250 additional military personnel for the 5-year-old conflict in Syria as the U.S.-led coalition tries to "keep up momentum against the Islamic State."
Obama said in a well-received speech here predominantly about the future of Europe that the additional U.S. troops would provide training and assist local forces in the fight against the extremist group but not play an active combat role. The move raises the number of U.S. special forces in Syria to 300.
“They're not going to be leading the fight on the ground, but they will be essential," the president said in Germany, where he attended a manufacturing technology trade show. The address capped a week-long foreign trip for the president, who also visited Saudi Arabia and the United Kingdom.
Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said in a briefing for reporters ahead of Obama's speech that U.S. special forces in Syria were already making a difference, and the additional personnel would act as a critical "force multiplier."
"We want to accelerate that progress," Rhodes said.
Obama said he would ask Great Britain, Germany, France and Italy for more equipment and troop contributions to aid the U.S. efforts against the Islamic State militants. “Europe and NATO can still do more,” he said. “We need to do everything in our power to stop them."
There was periodic applause from the audience over Obama's comments on European unity, which he said promotes peace and prosperity. “This is a defining moment, and what happens on this continent has consequences for people around the globe,” Obama said.
“If a unified, peaceful, liberal, pluralistic, free-market Europe begins to doubt itself, begins to question the progress that's been made over the last several decades, then we can't expect the progress that is just now taking hold in many places around the world will continue,” he said.
In late June, Britain will hold a referendum on whether to leave the 28-nation European Union, and the continent's migrant crisis has divided the region's leaders, policymakers and citizens.
Obama also urged Europe's leaders to pay attention to income inequality, a remark that drew huge applause from the crowd that included diplomats and business leaders but also many young professionals and some high school students.
“If we do not solve these problems, we start seeing those who would try to exploit these fears and frustrations and channel them in a destructive way,” Obama said. He said there was a danger it could create an “us-vs.-them” outlook that would foster bad feeling toward immigrants, Muslims and others.
"Equality includes, by the way, equal pay for women," the president said.
Rhodes said Obama's announcement on extra special forces indicated that the model the U.S. favors for Syria and other trouble spots in the Middle East from Afghanistan to Iraq — air power and equipment from the coalition, plus non-combat troops — was working.
He said that over the course of Obama's seven years in office, the president has deliberately changed the character of U.S. foreign policy so it addressed a broader set of issues and better able to focus on anti-terrorism operations.
"We've been able to significantly reduce the number of American troops in harm's way," Rhodes said. He said the core of that approach involved building coalitions and working with international partners while staying true to U.S. values.
As Obama toured the Hannover Messe trade fair with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday, he said he was "proud to showcase America's spirit of innovation." About 300 U.S. companies are exhibiting at the fair, the world's largest event of its kind.
Obama said being in Germany gave him "another chance for me to tell everyone to come here and buy in America," and as a result of fairs like this you "see more partnerships, more trade and more good jobs."
Part of his trip to Germany was to boost a proposed trade deal between the U.S. and EU. Obama wants to push through the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership before he leaves office in January. Many in Germany oppose the trade pact.
Before returning to Washington later Monday, Obama held high-level talks with Merkel, British Prime Minister David Cameron, French President François Hollande and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi. Among the topics was Libya and the ongoing disorder there after leader Moammar Gadhafi was ousted in 2011.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1StxJug
The Toronto Raptors and center Jonas Valanciunas have agreed to a contract extension, the team announced Thursday.
It's a four-year deal worth $64 million, according to Yahoo Sports' Adrian Wojnarowski, who adds that the final year is a player option. The deal will also mean Valanciunas can't be traded during the 2015-16 season, as players can't be traded within six months of signing an extension.
Super happy!:)) Best city and best fans in @NBA for another 4 years. Aciu! Can't wait for @Raptors season #WeTheNorth pic.twitter.com/kp9VU8ueru — Jonas Valanciunas (@JValanciunas) August 20, 2015
Tacking on more than $16 million per year for Valanciunas eats into most of the Raptors' financial flexibility next summer, and while he's not a mobile defender, skilled 7-foot rim protectors still have high value in the NBA. Financially speaking, the contract will have to be compared to future deals for similar players with next year's spike in the salary cap, and there's a good chance - based on the 2015 market - that the Raptors got a discount.
Last season, Valanciunas averaged 12 points and 8.7 rebounds in 26.2 minutes while shooting 57.2 percent from the field and 78.6 percent from the line. Those numbers were good for a scorching true shooting percentage of 62.3, with a PER of 20.3, and if he can better develop his passing instincts on the block, his offensive role could expand even further.
Valanciunas also downplayed concerns of a groin injury he reportedly suffered with the Lithuanian national team this summer, saying he's fully healthy, and expecting Lithuania to qualify for the 2016 Olympics.
Angular released version 5 – deprecating the old http module “@angular/http” with the replacement of “@angular/common/http“. Along with the http module, the jsonp module was also deprecated in favor of a better replacement which is included with the new HttpClient. The usage of jsonp is a little bit different with this version. My open source project, ngx-typeahead – is an auto suggest directive for Angular- allowing to query a remote source either with jsonp or http (and with version 0.1.0 – static list as well). In this article, i'm sharing the steps I took for upgrading the package to use HttpClient and performing a jsonp request with parameters.
Step 1: Updating The Module Imports
First, lets import the relevant modules. Within src/modules/ngx-typeahead.module.ts, I replaced the code so it will import the new modules. Similar to before, there are 2 modules for using http and jsonp:
// Before: with Angular 4 import { HttpModule, JsonpModule } from '@angular/http'; ... @NgModule({ imports: [CommonModule, HttpModule, JsonpModule], }) // After: with Angular 5 import { HttpClientModule, HttpClientJsonpModule } from '@angular/common/http'; ... @NgModule({ imports: [CommonModule, HttpClientModule, HttpClientJsonpModule], }) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 // Before: with Angular 4 import { HttpModule , JsonpModule } from '@angular/http' ; . . . @ NgModule ( { imports : [ CommonModule , HttpModule , JsonpModule ] , } ) // After: with Angular 5 import { HttpClientModule , HttpClientJsonpModule } from '@angular/common/http' ; . . . @ NgModule ( { imports : [ CommonModule , HttpClientModule , HttpClientJsonpModule ] , } )
I also update the src/modules/ngx-typeahead.component.ts to import HttpClient only. Notice that the alternatives to “RequestOptionsArgs” and “URLSearchParams” have been updated too and are used inside a utility function (respectively, “HttpParams” and “HttpParamsOptions”:
// Before: with Angular 4 import { RequestOptionsArgs, Response, Jsonp, URLSearchParams, Http } from '@angular/http'; // After: with Angular 5 import { HttpClient } from '@angular/common/http'; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 // Before: with Angular 4 import { RequestOptionsArgs , Response , Jsonp , URLSearchParams , Http } from '@angular/http' ; // After: with Angular 5 import { HttpClient } from '@angular/common/http' ;
Step 2: Updating The Http Service Injection
In contrary to the previous version, with Angular 5, “jsonp” is used as a method of the http service. All I had to do is change the injection of the http service to use “HttpClient” as well as remove the “Jsonp” injection:
// Before: with Angular 4 constructor( private element: ElementRef, private viewContainer: ViewContainerRef, private jsonp: Jsonp, private http: Http, private cdr: ChangeDetectorRef ) { } // After: with Angular 5 constructor( private element: ElementRef, private viewContainer: ViewContainerRef, private http: HttpClient, private cdr: ChangeDetectorRef ) { } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 // Before: with Angular 4 constructor ( private element : ElementRef , private viewContainer : ViewContainerRef , private jsonp : Jsonp , private http : Http , private cdr : ChangeDetectorRef ) { } // After: with Angular 5 constructor ( private element : ElementRef , private viewContainer : ViewContainerRef , private http : HttpClient , private cdr : ChangeDetectorRef ) { }
Step 3: Updating the Jsonp call with parameters
In the old version, i used the jsonp service and had to create an options object which includes the parameters to attach for the request. Eventually, I passed 2 arguments to the jsonp method that was used (“get” by default):
this.jsonp.get(url, options) 1 this . jsonp . get ( url , options )
With the new HttpClient it's a little bit different. “jsonp” is a method that performs the jsonp request. It takes the first argument as the url and the callback string name as the second argument.
this.http.jsonp(url, callbackName); 1 this . http . jsonp ( url , callbackName ) ;
Where jsonp request's parameters should be placed with Angular 5?
I had a small challenge with this one: the params in this case should be concatenated as string parameters to the url argument. Since i'm using the new “HttpParams” to construct a params object, I can use the “toString()” to get all parameters as url search parameters and add it to the url:
requestJsonp(url, options, callback = 'callback') { // options.params is an HttpParams object const params = options.params.toString(); return this.http.jsonp(`${url}?${params}`, callback) .map((response: Response) => response[1]) .map((results: any[]) => results.map((result: string) => result[0])); } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 requestJsonp ( url , options , callback = 'callback' ) { // options.params is an HttpParams object const params = options . params . toString ( ) ; return this . http . jsonp ( ` $ { url } ? $ { params } ` , callback ) . map ( ( response : Response ) = > response [ 1 ] ) . map ( ( results : any [ ] ) = > results . map ( ( result : string ) = > result [ 0 ] ) ) ; }
You can see and experiment with ngx-typeahead in this plunkr demo and in production on my open source alternative player to YouTube: Echoes Player
Simon Coveney has finally ended his search for a second special adviser.
Eyebrows will be raised in the political and media bubble around Kildare Street with the news that the Minister for Foreign Affairs will appoint journalist Chris Donoghue to the role. The Newstalk stalwart, who was with the radio station for 14 years, formally handed in his notice this week and is expected to join Coveney's team in Iveagh House next month.
As word of another high-profile exit from Newstalk began surfacing in media circles in the last few days, there was much speculation that the broadcaster might be moving to the Taoiseach's office. The 33-year-old Dubliner and Leo Varadkar are long-time friends.
Given that Varadkar and Coveney were rivals for the Fine Gael leadership, confirmation that Donoghue is jumping ship to Foreign Affairs is sure to surprise the Leinster House chatterati. He will join Simon's right-hand woman and special adviser, Caitríona Fitzpatrick.
In marked contrast to the way Theresa May's dysfunctional Brexit cabinet seems intent upon tearing itself apart since last year's chaotic leadership contest, Coveney and Varadkar have put forward a strong and united front as the Government presses the State's Brexit case in Europe and Westminster.
Donoghue had been presenting Newstalk's drivetime programme with Sarah McInerney but the show was axed to make way for former Fine Gael minister turned celebrity broadcaster Ivan Yates. Donoghue was then appointed political editor for Denis O'Brien's Communicorp Group, which includes Newstalk, and given a two-hour show on Sunday morning.
In a controversial reworking of the station's programming schedule, the talented McInerney was shunted to an 8am hour-long Saturday morning current affairs slot, displacing Sarah Carey – who wasn't given another show – and her intelligent programme Talking Point. Another female broadcaster, Dil Wickremasinghe, had her weekly Saturday evening show cancelled when she refused to present it in protest at remarks about rape made by presenter George Hook. He was quickly suspended, but Wickremasinghe was shown the door.
The dearth of female voices on Newstalk, allied to the Hook affair, was roundly criticised in those sections of the media outside the considerable ambit of Denis O'Brien. An opinion piece by Fintan O'Toole upset the management so much that a barring order was imposed against all Irish Times employees, whose voices are now banned from NoTalk and all other Communicorp radio stations.
The group has lost three excellent political correspondents in the past few months. Gavan Reilly departed recently to TV3, while Paraic Gallagher left for a senior position with leading communications and PR company Q4.
Still, it's not all bad for NoTalk.
Donoghue may be departing, but, mirabile dictu, George Hook's suspension is nearly up so he should be out of the sin bin by next month.
It could never work: Healy-Raes, the comedy
The Sinn Féin ardfheis isn't the only political show in town tonight.
Dublin 4 will be heaving with Shinners and Fianna Fáilers as Gerry Adams has his big night in the RDS and Micheál Martin hosts his party's annual President's Dinner at the Clayton Burlington Hotel.
But Ballsbridge faces stiff competition from Dublin city centre, where that political phenomenon known as the Healy-Raes will be celebrated on stage at the Teachers' Club in Parnell Square.
The Rise and Rise of the Healy-Raes has been packing in the crowds in Kerry this year, with eight sell-out performances in the Kingdom already. The comedy, written by Killarney actor Ray O'Sullivan and directed by Kerry's Eye journalist Aidan O'Connor, tells the story of the formidable Healy-Rae election machine and how it swept a family from the tiny village of Kilgarvan to the top of the political tree.
The play is touring the county for the second time this year following an earlier “world tour of Kerry”, and the company is doing one special performance “above in Dublin” tonight.
Most of the Kerry dates are nearly sold-out. The show at the INEC on December 2nd is completely sold-out and a second date, December 3rd, has been added.
The two-act play tells the story of bachelor brothers Densey and PJ Doona who live their lives parallel to the rise of the Healy-Rae political dynasty. While frequently hilarious (according to the blurb), “the play is also a poignant exploration of life in rural Ireland, loneliness, celibacy and how politics affects and changes people's lives.”
Writer O'Sullivan said “We'll be very interested to see how an audience outside of Kerry will view the play. I think Aidan O'Connor has turned something ordinary into something we believe is very, very special and we hope the audiences in Dublin and elsewhere will feel the same way.”
Meanwhile, Michael Healy-Rae reckons audiences will be surprised at what they see, describing the play as something “far bigger than the Healy-Raes”. It isn't just about his family, but about “a way of living that is very true to life. It is very honest and down-to-earth. It's a much deeper play than people might expect.”
You can tell he is mightily impressed.
“The acting at times would literally put the hair standing on your head, it's so real,” said Michael, who is bald.
Leo goes awol in Cavan
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar shows his decorative socks to British prime minister Theresa May. Photograph: Virginia Mayo/AP
The Joy of Socks.
Leo is all for it.
He indulged again in Sweden yesterday, showing off his latest acquisition: a €9 pair of Irish Socksciety gents hosiery emblazoned with hurleys, sliotars and the slogan “Pull Hard”, designed by two Polish women who live in Galway and have set up an Irish novelty goods company. Local TD Ciarán Cannon presented a selection of their socks recently to the boss, who instantly tweeted a photo of them.
Apparently British PM Theresa May, who is very partial to nice shoes, was most taken with Leo's socks. He went full leprechaun for the occasion, teaming his diddly-aye legwear with a very snazzy pair of double-buckle brogues.
Wonder if he wore them to the wedding last week. The Taoiseach left the Fine Gael conference in Cavan on Saturday evening to attend the wedding of a college pal in Castle Durrow in Laois. While there, he hung out with another old college pal, former FG TD Lucinda Creighton, who was there with her husband, former senator Paul Bradford.
Lucinda instagrammed a photo of Leo with her hubby and another guest and captioned it “Da Boyz”.
We hear in da hood that Leo think Lucinda be waked. Some homies reckon he gonna axe her to run for da European parliament next time out.
Meanwhile, the grassroots weren't best pleased to see their main man hotfooting it away so early on Saturday. It had been an expensive weekend for them – two nights at a hotel in Cavan and no sign of their Taoiseach in the main bar on Friday or Saturday night.
Some senior Ministers did a bit of glad-handing on Friday when Leo was in his suite sharing a meal of chicken balls with his political mates. Richard Bruton, Charlie Flanagan and Simon Harris were spotted, while Paschal Donohoe put himself about and was quite the charmer.
The delegates in Cavan are the people who put leaflets through letterboxes on cold winter nights and take abuse on the doorsteps at election time. Conference weekend is the one time they can mix with the top brass and shoot the breeze with the boss. It's like going to visit Santa in his grotto and getting a selfie for posterity. Only this time the star of the show wasn't there.
Members, including a lot of TDs and Senators, were raging.
Noone proud to be a nanny
Catherine Noone accepts the award for overall Nanny of the Year
The organisers of an awards ceremony held by a smokers' rights group to “honour” people for their services to the nanny state were very surprised when one of the winners turned up in person on Monday night to collect her gong.
They were also absolutely delighted, in a sad kind of way, because they don't usually get much attention.
Forest, an English-based pressure group funded by the tobacco industry, usually hosts the awards dinner in London but decided to relocate to Dublin this year because of the zealous approach taken by Irish politicians in trying to restrict what people can eat, drink and smoke.
The event, in Suesey Street restaurant on Leeson Street, began with a drinks reception on a smoking terrace, followed by a three-course dinner “with delicious wines and after-dinner entertainment” followed by speeches and the announcement of the Golden Nanny Award winners. (No shortage of money where this group is concerned.)
Guest speakers at the “Farewell to Freedom Dinner” included Keith Redmond, cofounder of the Hibernia Forum think-tank - “a free market advocacy forum”, and Irish Independent columnist Ian O'Doherty.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar headed the shortlist, along with the likes of Minister for Health Simon Harris, former minister of state for health Marcella Corcoran Kennedy and Paschal Donohoe. Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin, who introduced the smoking ban, and Senator James Reilly, who supported plain packaging of tobacco, were both nominated for a lifetime achievement award.
Senator Catherine Noone, nominated for her involvement in a number of health-awareness campaigns, won overall Nanny of the Year. She did a Halle Berry on it – Berry famously made an appearance at the Golden Raspberry Awards to accept the prize for worst actress for her role in the atrocious 2004 movie Catwoman – turning up to accept her honour and deliver a speech.
“As to some of the specific nannying I've promoted in the last year: the sugar tax, the sunbeds and the alcohol bill, I see neither mitching cider-swigging youths, wrinkled over-ripe bronzed oompa loompas nor energy drinking obese diabetics in the audience, so obviously you're all enlightened,” she told her audience.
“Libertarians, contrarians, barbarians: I'm honoured to accept this award. You're great sports! And I'm a loon, obviously ... ”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 23, 2015, 12:37 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 23, 2015, 7:10 PM GMT By Jim Miklaszewski and Courtney Kube
Master Sergeant Joshua Wheeler of Roland, Oklahoma, a highly-decorated soldier and father of four, rushed into action when he heard sounds of gunfire coming from a prison in Iraq where dozens of ISIS-held hostage were being held on Thursday.
Those actions, Defense Secretary Ash Carter told reporters on Friday, weren't part of the original rescue mission plan, but were critical to its success.
"I am immensely proud of this young man," Carter said adding that his thoughts and prayers go out to Wheeler's family.
Earlier Friday, Defense officials confirmed to NBC News Wheeler, 39, as the American Delta Force commando killed in a rescue mission in Iraq on Thursday.
Acting on a tip that dozens of ISIS-held hostages were about to be slaughtered, U.S. and Kurdish commandos stormed a prison in northeastern Iraq before dawn Thursday, rescuing the captives in a firefight that ended with Wheeler being shot to death, officials said.
Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Friday that Wheeler "did what proud Americans do" when he ran toward the sound of gunfire.
The operation marked the first known instance of American service members battling ISIS fighters on the ground in Iraq under President Obama's new mission to "train and advise" local forces against the terror group.
Related: 'Respectful' American Commando Killed in Iraq Was No Stranger to War
Carter said that the military expects "more raids of this kind" and that the rescue mission "represents a continuation of our advise and assist mission."
This may mean some American soldiers "will be in harm's way, no question about it," Carter said.
Wheeler, who earned multiple Bronze Star Medals among others, is the first to die in American combat operations against ISIS. He is survived by his wife and four sons as well as his grandparents.
Related: U.S. Special Operations Forces Commando Killed in ISIS Hostage Rescue
Wheeler, who was roughly a month shy of his 40th birthday, was born in Roland, Oklahoma. He graduated in 1994 from Muldrow High School in Muldrow, Oklahoma and entered the Army a year later as an infantryman training initially at Fort Benning, Ga., according to a statement from the military.
He was first assigned to Company C, 1st Battalion, 24th Infantry Regiment in Fort Lewis, Washington
In 1997, he transitioned to Company B, 2nd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment, Fort Lewis, Washington. Over the next seven years, he worked his way up the ranks from infantryman, rifle team leader, squad leader, weapons squad leader, and anti-tank section leader.
In 2004, Wheeler was assigned to U.S. Army Special Operations Command.
Related: ISIS Hostage Rescue: Militants Call Deadly U.S. Raid a Failure
During his military careers Wheeler was deployed at least 17 times — most of those in support of combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Army said.
Wheeler's awards and decorations for his service were numerous and include four Bronze Star Medals with Valor Device, seven Bronze Star Medals, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Air Medal, the Joint Service Commendation Medal with Valor Device, the Joint Service Commendation Medal, seven Army Commendation Medals, the Joint Service Achievement Medal, eight Army Achievement Medals, the Good Conduct Medal (6th award).
He also earned the National Defense Service Medal with Bronze Service Star, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with 3 Bronze Service Stars, the Iraq Campaign Medal with six Bronze Service Stars, the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Noncommissioned Officer Professional Development Ribbon (3rd Award), the Army Service Ribbon, the Presidential Unit Citation, the Valorous Unit Award (2nd Award), the Ranger Tab, the Combat Infantryman Badge, the Expert Infantryman Badge, the Master Parachutist Badge, and three Overseas Service Bars.
News of Wheeler's death sparked support on social media.
This is a breaking news story. Please refresh for updates.
About This Game The old doll factory was legendary. For years it turned out simple toys that children loved, but technology made a change and kids wanted things with more gadgets and the factory fell into disrepair. Most of the toys were sent away, but some had been left behind. They were cracked and broken or deemed unsellable so they were left with the remains of the factory to gather dust and slowly decay.
However, a skillful toy business brought interest in the old style of toys and began production in the factory. They began to rebuild the old factory, bringing in new parts. Production began churning out shiny new dolls of every kind. The remnants of before were swept into closets or tucked under the old machinery, out of sight and out of mind. The owner said that competitors were behind the rumors that some of the construction workers had disappeared on projects after dark.
Youíve been hired to keep watch on the factory at night and see that the automatic machines stay running. As your boss walks out the door leaving you with your company issued flashlight, he says, ďOh, and don't worry about those noises. We're sure it's nothing.
FEATURES
FIXED VIEW
- Controlled Camera Angles
- Limited Movement that enhances the experience
- Tight Angles that limited what you see and what lurks in the shadows
UNPREDICTABLE AI
- Enemies that move via sound
- Randomized Enemies in each game-play, keeping each game fresh
- Enemies that teleport at will
- Camouflage (Enemies that use items around to hide)
HUD SYSTEM
- Power System that drains when you use to much
- Time System that acts as a survival tool
- Lighting System that helps you survive enemies
A news outlet distorted President Donald Trump's comments about the Las Vegas shooting Tuesday, making it appear that Trump was calling the shooting a “miracle.”
Think Progress, an outlet tied to an organization founded by Clinton's former campaign chairman, ran a headline declaring “Trump says Las Vegas mass shooting was ‘in many ways a miracle.'”
“During brief remarks to reporters on Tuesday morning, President Trump offered a very strange description of the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history. While clutching one of the $40 hats sold by his campaign, Trump told reporters that “what happened in Las Vegas is in many ways a miracle,” the piece reads, making it seem that Trump was directly referring to Sunday's mass shooting as a “miracle”
But the video the outlet included provides context that the reporter ostensibly ignored when framing his piece: Trump was referring to the rapid response of first responders who rushed to the scene to save lives. The reporter adds another quote that also demonstrates Trump was referring to the rate at which authorities came to the scene.
“The police department has done such an incredible job, and we'll be talking about gun laws as time goes by, but I do have to say — how quickly the police department was able to get in was really, very much of a miracle,” the reporter writes, quoting Trump.
Other outlets like The New York Post and NBC News understood what Trump was saying and framed their pieces to reflect the idea that Trump was calling the response to the tragedy “a miracle.”
Think Progress did not return The Daily Caller News Foundation's request for comment in time for publication. Think Progress is funded by the Center for American Progress Action Fund, an sister organization to the Center for American Progress, founded by John Podesta, the former chairman for Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign.
Follow Amber on Twitter
Send tips to amber@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
The main systematic uncertainties relevant to the search for 0νββ are related to signal efficiency, location of the 0νββ ROI within the spectrum, and estimation of the background in the ROI.
To verify the simulation's ability to model efficiencies and the background, we compare measurement and simulation of calibration sources deployed at various positions around the TPC, investigating in particular: (1) the energy and standoff distance distributions, (2) the integrated rate of selected events, and (3) the SS/MS event ratio versus energy. A representative set of results for (1) is shown in Fig. 2, where simulation–data agreement for the 226Ra source are presented. 226Ra is a particularly valuable source because of several γ lines that map a broad energy region including the 0νββ ROI. The energy spectrum shows good agreement across the energy range of the analysis. Comparable results were also obtained with the 60Co and 228Th sources. The standoff distance agreement is within statistical errors except in the first 10 mm bin, where the simulation produces more events in the fiducial volume than seen in data.
Figure 2: Comparison of energy and standoff distance distributions of a 226Ra calibration source for SS events in simulation and data. Energy (main panel) and standoff distance (inset), both in normalized counts, are shown for data (black points) and simulation (blue line). The calibration source is at a position near the cathode outside the TPC. Error bars, ±1 s.d. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Download Excel source data
Discrepancies in the shapes of energy and standoff distance distributions between data and simulation affect the estimation of the background in the 0νββ ROI. To quantify this effect, we calculate skewing functions based on the small discrepancies observed in source calibration studies. We distort the background PDFs with the skewing functions and use these to produce a set of ‘toy' MC data sets, which are then fitted to un-skewed PDFs. The change in the 0νββ ROI background is 9.2%, which we take as systematic error.
In the rate comparison studies (2), we combine the total number of selected events in data and simulation as (data − MC)/data for several source positions. The error-weighted average of the results is calculated using the fiducial volume in this analysis as well as that in ref. 9. The difference between these values is 1.7%, which we combine with the underlying fiducial volume uncertainty (also 1.7%; ref. 9) conservatively assuming full correlation to produce a total error on the detector efficiency of 3.4%.
To address (3), the ratio of the number of SS events to the total number of events, SS/(SS + MS), is compared between data and simulation for three sources in Fig. 3. The general behaviour is largely independent of the underlying spectral shape. We choose to assign a single systematic uncertainty to the SS/(SS + MS) ratio of 9.6%, calculated from the weighted average of the maximum deviations observed for the 228Th, 60Co and 226Ra (data from the latter available after June 2013) sources at several different source locations in each calibration campaign.
Figure 3: Event multiplicity in data and simulation. a, Plot of SS/(SS + MS) ratio versus energy in data for 226Ra, 60Co and 228Th calibration sources. b, Comparison of SS/(SS + MS) ratio between data and simulation for the three sources, as a function of energy. Despite having different underlying energy spectra, all sources exhibit similar behaviour across the shown energy range when comparing data and simulation (b). Error bars, ±1 s.d. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Download Excel source data
Event selection requires an event to be fully reconstructed in all three coordinates (X, Y and Z). We compare the relative efficiency of this requirement for 2νββ from MC to the measured relative efficiency derived from the background-subtracted low-background energy spectrum. Here, we define the relative efficiency as the ratio of the number of events passing the entire set of selection requirements to the number passing the set not including the full-reconstruction requirement. The relative efficiency from simulation changes modestly across the 2νββ energy range (>99% to 90% from 980 keV to 2,450 keV) and similar behaviour is seen in data. The average deviation between simulation and data over the 2νββ spectrum (7.8%) is taken as a systematic error on the efficiency.
The uncertainty on the location of the ROI in the spectrum is dominated by a possible energy-scale difference between β-like events in the LXe (for example, 0νββ) and γ-like events (including most backgrounds and the sources used for the primary energy calibration). We define the ‘β-scale' as E β = BE γ , where E β (E γ ) is the energy for depositions from βs (γs) and B is a measured constant. We determine the β-scale by fitting to the 2νββ-decay-dominated low-background data and find B = 0.999 ± 0.002.
Several cross-checks were performed to search for energy dependence in the β-scale. The above fits were performed using different energy thresholds and with different background PDFs produced using the skewing functions discussed earlier. We also fitted the low-background data assuming a linear energy dependence (for example, p 0 + p 1 E γ ) for B. In all cases the results are consistent with the original fit, providing no evidence for energy dependence of the β-scale. The estimate of the β-scale is also robust against a different choice of 2νββ spectral shape21.
To investigate the dependence of the ROI background estimate on the completeness of the model used to fit the data, we derive PDFs from different source locations and introduce them separately into the default background model used in the fit. The relative change of the estimated ROI background is then determined. The three background PDFs considered in this study are 238U in the HFE and inner cryostat, and 60Co in the copper source guide tube. These were chosen because the initial source location affects relative amplitudes and spectral features in the ROI, that is, the 214Bi γ (2,448 keV) and 60Co sum peak. This study indicates a total possible deviation of 5.7% for the expected background counts in the ROI.
The residual time dependence of the energy resolution (Fig. 1) can introduce additional counts in the ROI from the 2,615-keV 208Tl peak. This was estimated to affect the ROI background counts by ±1.5%.
A summary of the 0νββ signal efficiency and associated uncertainty is presented in Table 1. Table 2 summarizes the uncertainties on the estimation of background in the ROI. These errors are explicitly included as input to the final fit to the low-background data. Items not listed in the tables, such as the β-scale and the SS/MS ratios, still contribute to the total systematic error on the 0νββ signal as they are propagated to the final result by the maximum-likelihood fit to the low-background data.
Table 1: 0νββ signal efficiency and associated systematic errors Full size table
Table 2: Systematic errors on background determination in the ROI Full size table
Neutrons arising from cosmic-ray muons or radioactive decays in the salt surrounding the laboratory may contribute background to the 0νββ ROI via neutron capture or spallation processes. The contribution in the ROI is expected to arise primarily from neutron-capture γs in the LXe and surrounding materials (for example, capture on 63Cu and 65Cu in the copper components, and on 136Xe in the LXe). A simulation using a simplified experimental geometry and employing the FLUKA22,23 and SOURCES24 software packages is used to generate, track and thermalize neutrons. The resulting neutron capture rates are used as input to the Geant4-based20 EXO-200 simulation package9, with the respective n-capture γ-spectra produced on the basis of ENSDF information25 for the given nuclides. The produced PDFs are used in fits to the low-background data. Good shape agreement is found between these PDFs and data coincident with muon-veto-panel events.
A blue wall of silently seething police officers turned their backs on Mayor de Blasio Saturday night — literally.
As the mayor and his entourage snaked through a jammed third-floor corridor at Woodhull Hospital, where two officers had been pronounced dead just hours earlier, scores of grieving cops faced the walls — and away from the leader they believe has failed them.
Earlier, de Blasio approached a cluster of cops at the Brooklyn Hospital and offered, “We're all in this together.”
“No we're not,” an officer replied tersely, according to a cop who witnessed the icy scene.
The rank-and-file's anger at the mayor was palpable citywide.
“It's f–king open season on us right now,” one officer said. “When is he going to step up?”
Speaking moments after the bodies of Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu were driven away, as hundreds of cops stood at somber attention, Patrolmen's Benevolent Association President Patrick Lynch said, “There's blood on many hands tonight.”
“That blood . . . starts on the steps of City Hall, in the Office of the Mayor,” he said.
Just last week, cops began signing a “Don't Insult My Sacrifice” waiver, distributed by the PBA, that warned the mayor and speaker to stay away from funerals of cops killed in the line of duty.
It is not known if the officers slain Saturday had signed the waiver. which singles out de Blasio and Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito for their “consistent refusal to show police officers the support and respect they deserve.”
Many cops said they blame deBlasio for helping to create a climate of distrust in cops that has turned them into targets.
They pointed to Hizzoner just last week calling an assault by Brooklyn Bridge protesters on two NYPD lieutenants an ­“alleged” assault, even as dramatic video of the attack emerged.
De Blasio revealed in an ABC News interview earlier this month that he and First Lady Chirlane McCray had instructed their biracial son, Dante, about the “dangers” that police pose.
But just moments after the stunning cold shoulder in the hospital hallway, de Blasio wiped away tears at a press conference in which he spoke of meeting the families and praying “over the bodies of these two officers.”
“When a police officer is murdered it tears at the foundation of our society,” he said. “It is an attack on all of us, on everything we hold dear … Therefore every New Yorker should feel they too were attacked, our entire city was attacked, by this heinous individual.”
Answering a question about the politics at play in the wake of the tragedy, he said it was a “time to think about these families. I don't think it's a time for politics or ­political analysis. It's a time to think about families that just lost their father, their husband, their son.”
Mark-Viverito, who accompanied the mayor to the hospital, tweeted earlier that she was “truly horrified” by the shooting and was praying for the officers and their families. Five minutes later, she tweeted: “Zero tolerance for any act of violence against police officers who protect & serve our city.”
Vernon Geberth, a retired NYPD homicide lieutenant who wrote what is considered the detective's bible, “Practical Homicide Investigation,'' was unmoved.
“De Blasio's comments have given license to the anti-police activists and thugs to attack the police,” he said. “His comments have been absolutely despicable. Telling his son he should be afraid of the police? I'm not surprised these two police officers have been assassinated as a direct result of de Blasio's comments.”
When Michigan announced back in January that they would take their team to Italy for a week it was met with the usual “this is just Jim Harbaugh being crazy” reaction that so often surrounds anything surrounding the Wolverines' football coach.
Harbaugh promised there would “educational” and “cultural” opportunities for his players. And now that the team departed for Europe on Saturday, it appears the head coach held true to his word.
In addition to taking in the sights of the Eternal City and practices planned at soccer club AS Roma's facility, there is also a team visit to Vatican City and St. Peter's Square for Pope Francis' weekly address. Though two of Michigan's players — junior defensive lineman Salim Makki and sophomore offensive tackle Grant Newsome — have earned the opportunity to join Harbaugh and his wife, Sarah, for an opportunity to meet Pope Francis himself.
According to the Associated Press, those two players were selected after Harbaugh asked players to submit essays on what meeting the Pope would mean to them.
In their essays, Makki, who describes himself a devout Muslim, called the Pope “one of my heroes. … In a time where Muslims have been scrutinized and wrongly identified with violence, Pope Francis has defended Islam and stated that not all Muslims are violent.” Newsome discussed how faith got him through rehab following a season-ending injury last season.
“It's another example of coach doing something outside the box,” cornerback Keith Washington said to the Associated Press. “It's also him just trying to give us an opportunity to do something that we wouldn't have a chance to do without Michigan football.”
British couple Alice Burton and Matt Kaley got engaged during a Simpsons-themed triva Halloween night in Chicago. View Full Caption Provided
CHICAGO — British couple Alice Burton and Matt Kaley's love revolves around the longest-running American sitcom on TV.
The duo flew from their hometown of Brighton on the southern coast of England to Chicago this month to participate in the Woo Hoo! Classic "Simpsons" Trivia Halloween party at Pizza Serio in Lakeview, and appropriately wound up getting engaged in full costume: as a crazed Mr. Burns and doting Waylon Smithers.
With Burton as Burns and Kaley as Smithers, the couple's costumes referenced an episode titled "$pringfield (or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Legalized Gambling)," which draws cultural references from the 1968 movie, "Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb."
"When we were talking about costumes, bouncing specific ideas around, this scene kept coming up," Kaley said. "We're always quoting this bit, the whole interaction between the two of them, Burns having totally lost his marbles ... but Smithers right there with him buying into his madness out of a lifetime of love and service ... maybe it just resonated with me?"
"I had it in my head to pop the question, and the parallels were just too good to pass up ... It was finally a chance for [Smithers] to profess his feelings and not back out of it, and to have Burns reciprocate. It was just too perfect."
Burton said she is the bigger fanatic of the two, and her diehard love of the Simpsons was a fact Kaley "had to accept."
"Our relationship almost ended early on when he told me he preferred [the TV show] 'Futurama,'" the future bride said.
Though the couple dominated "Simpsons"-themed trivia nights in the United Kingdom, Kaley said he knew the Chicago group would be the "holy grail" for Burton and started planning the engagement surprise several months in advance, coordinating with the group's organizer via social media.
The "Simpsons" trivia group has a private Facebook page where members post memes and discuss episodes, and the group meets once a month at Pizza Serio at 1708 W. Belmont Ave. There attendees watch classic episodes and answer rounds of questions about the show. While the group usually meets at 7 p.m. on the third Monday of the month, but it will meet on Nov. 14 and Dec. 12 because of the upcoming holidays.
Halloween in particular has become the group's largest celebrated occasion, with super fans hand-making detailed costumes — a fact Buzzfeed discovered in 2014 after members posted pictures of their costumes online.
That's what drew Burton and Kaley to the Windy City, they said.
The couple said they began planning for the trip to Chicago on a whim in February when airfare was low and felt at home among their American "Simpsons" brethren.
Looking into the future, Burton and Kaley said they will likely sneak some special "Simpsons" references into their wedding plans and hope to return to Chicago.
"When we came over I was worried they would think we were just these crazy English people but they were all so welcoming and lovely," Burton said. "And importantly just as crazy about 'Simpsons' as me ... I love the city and it'll always be a special place for us now."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Karmin is an American pop duo consisting of Amy Renee Noonan and Nick Noonan.[1] Starting as a novelty act that released covers on YouTube, they signed in 2011 with Epic Records. In May 2012, Karmin released their debut EP Hello, which spawned the singles "Brokenhearted" and "Hello" and received mixed reviews. Rolling Stone named Karmin's lead singer Amy as the winner of "Women Who Rock" 2012 contests.[2] In March 2014, the duo released their debut album, Pulses. The album's lead single, "A cappella", charted in the top 10 in Australia and New Zealand, and went Gold in the United States. They left Epic Records in the middle of 2014 and have since released music independently. Their second album Leo Rising was released on September 9, 2016.[3]
In 2017, the duo took a break on Karmin to focus on another project, Qveen Herby, Amy Noonan's new alter ego. The project moves away from pop in favor of more of an R&B and hip-hop/rap sounds.
Life and career [ edit ]
Early life and career beginnings [ edit ]
Amy Heidemann and Nick Noonan met while attending Berklee College of Music in Boston, from which they graduated in 2008.[4] Heidemann is a graduate of Seward High School in Nebraska. Noonan graduated from Old Town High School in Maine, where he was a member of the concert band and jazz ensemble. The duo has also been a couple since September 2005 and in March 2016 confirmed that they had married. That month, Amy changed her Twitter name from "Amy Heidemann" to "Amy Noonan".[5]
The duo's popularity grew from an appearance on the daytime talk show as well as exposure on YouTube, achieving more than 320 million views between two channels.[6] The name of the band is a homophone made from the Latin word carmen meaning "song" (also a Spanish female name), and the word karma, making the name Karmin.[7]
Music career [ edit ]
Karmin signed with Epic Records,[8][9] and in late June 2012 entered the studio to record their debut studio EP, Hello,[10] which was released on May 7 via digital download.
On February 26, 2013, the duo released a studio cover of Drake's song "Started from the Bottom" as a promotional single; a week later they also released a mash-up studio cover for "Karate Chop/Sweet Dreams" by Future also as a promotional single. They released the single digitally for free download.[citation needed] The single "A cappella" was released in July and debuted at number 98 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and two weeks later peaked at number 72.[11]
On October 28, 2013, they announced their 2014 Pulses tour,[12] and released the full-length album Pulses on March 25, 2014; Rolling Stone gave it 1–1/2 stars.[13]
Performing at the Leo Rising showcase.
2014–2016: Split from Epic Records and Leo Rising [ edit ]
In 2014, after the release of their debut album Pulses and the attendant tour, Karmin left Epic Records. In an interview with Billboard, Heidemann said: "We were hungry to try a more musically honest approach. We wanted to be a little bit nerdier than we think they had hoped".[14] Six months after the release of Pulses, in September 2014, Karmin released a single with rapper George Watsky titled "No Flex Zone (Remix)", inspired by the song "No Flex Zone" by Rae Sremmurd. It was produced by Nick Noonan.[citation needed] Later that year, Karmin began work on their second album, Leo Rising.[3] Two digital singles were released in 2014: "Sugar" on October 8, followed by "Yesterday" on October 24, 2014. Another single "Along the Road" was released on March 25, 2015 and was slated to be the lead single off the project, was later relegated as a promotional release.[citation needed]
In 2016, Wild Culture released the Sugar EP in collaboration with Karmin. It features three remixes of "Sugar" and a remix of Riley Pearce's single "Brave".[citation needed] The album Leo Rising was released on September 9, 2016.[citation needed]
2017–present: Qveen Herby [ edit ]
At the beginning of 2017, Amy Noonan revealed in a livestream that a Leo Rising tour would not be held in 2017, and if there was one it would be in 2018.[15] She also revealed that alongside the launch of a new website, new music was in the works.[16]
In 2017, all of Karmin's social media was rebranded to Qveen Herby and a small preview stating "Karmin Is Dead, Long Live the Queen." was posted. Noonan soon formally announced her solo career and launched the new website "Qveenherby.com".[17] The music video for Qveen Herby's first single "Busta Rhymes" was released on June 1, 2017, followed by the release of EP 1[18] a day later. The EP received positive reviews from critics, who praised Herby's rebranding as an artist and the exploration of R&B and hip hop music.[19] The EP also experienced fair success, peaking at #37 on the US Billboard Independent Albums Chart and #13 on the US Heatseekers Albums Chart.[20]
Discography [ edit ]
Studio albums [ edit ]
Extended plays [ edit ]
Title Details Peak chart positions US
[21] Inside Out[26] Released: May 10, 2010
Label: Karmin Music
Format: CD, digital download — The Winslow Sessions[27] Released: February 16, 2011
Label: Karmin Music
Format: Digital download — Hello Released: May 4, 2012
Label: Epic
Format: CD, digital download 18 "—" denotes a recording that failed to chart, was ineligible for the chart, or was not released.
Singles [ edit ]
As featured artist [ edit ]
Promotional singles [ edit ]
Title Year Album "Pulses" 2014 Pulses "No Flex Zone"
(with Watsky) N/A
Other appearances [ edit ]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Young Thug is a rapper who is cool now. The Game is a rapper who was cool a decade ago and then also for a couple of weeks in 2011 (when Kendrick Lamar said his name in a positive tone in a song). The two were e-fighting for a little bit recently because Young Thug and Lil Wayne (cool up through 2008, and then less and less cool every day since then) were mad at each other and The Game and Lil Wayne are friends and The Game took up for his friend on principle. The whole situation is this big, dumb thing that's actually a small, dumb thing. I don't want to talk about that (although I will again, briefly, later in this story). I want to talk about the Young Thug Emotional Heat Check.
Here's the explanation that's been used in each of the Emotional Heat Check columns thus far:
A heat check is (mostly) a basketball term. It's used to reference a shot attempt, specifically a difficult one attempted after a handful of easier, wiser shots have been made. Think on it like this: You make a layup, then you make a wide-open midrange jumper, then you make a wide-open 3-pointer. That's great. Those are smart shots. You're feeling very good about yourself and all the decisions you've made in life that have led you to that point, so the next time down court you receive the ball and then chuck up a 29-foot fadeaway. That's the heat check. You are literally checking to see if you are figuratively hot. If you make it, you shoot again. If that goes in, then you do it again. And again. And again. Until you miss. Each make becomes exponentially more exciting and intriguing and more of an accelerant.
That's what this is, except it's an emotional heat check instead of a basketball one, and instead of a basketball player it's Young Thug, and instead of shot attempts it's a thing Young Thug did. Here's his chart:
Shea Serrano
He's an impeccable shooter, it would seem.
At the Rim: 1/1, 100 percent
This was the time he apologized to The Game after making fun of him in an Instagram video, which just happened, which is why this story even exists. Apologies are very cool. Equally cool: apologizing in a way that when the person you're apologizing to hear it, he or she isn't all the way sure if you actually apologized or not. Here's Thugger:
This is a master-class apology. He starts it out with an idea that is unexpected in the context of the conversation (“See, the way the world is set up, they want all blacks to kill each other”), which discombobulates the recipient, but the idea is also rooted in an impossible-to-argue-with premise (“Black lives matter”), so it immediately unifies all parties. Then he very plainly states admiration for The Game (“I salute Game, I respect him”) and then follows that by very plainly stating his apology (“I'm sorry for making that, um, post about him”), and that fosters a real sense of sincerity and likability. Then he undercuts all of it by asserting that The Game, while deserving of respect as a human, was philosophically wrong in this situation, and then finishes with side-eye flourish aimed at Lil Wayne without actually saying Lil Wayne's name. I don't know how anyone could ever even begin to say that Young Thug is not a top-tier intellectual.
Right Corner 3: 2/2, 100 percent
1. This is the time he said, “When the kids in town, tell 'em never use daddy's dishes,” in “I Know It,” a song in which Thug spends a verse talking about a woman who has six children. There are two ways to interpret this:
The first interpretation is that Young Thug is very protective of his dishes, and this is something I can understand and appreciate because I have three sons and one time one of them asked me if he could get a cup from the cupboard and I told him yes and when he brought it back to me several minutes later it had a dead frog inside of it. I do all I can to never let any of my sons ever touch any of my stuff, especially things I drink out of and eat off of.
The second interpretation is that Young Thug used several of the dishes in the kitchen to prepare drugs, and so of course the children should not use those dishes. Young Thug is very considerate.
2. This is the time he was talking about his girl's vagina in “Freestyle” and said that it was so [YOU KNOW] that “she gotta dry it outdoors,” which is probably a top-five genital-based brag of all time.
Left Corner 3: 1/1, 100 percent
This is the time after he wore that dress …
http://southern-rap.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Young-Thug-Dress-2.jpg
… and then that interviewer from Complex.com asked him about it in a manner that felt a lot like he was offering Young Thug a chance to say it wasn't a dress and Young Thug doubled down on it being a dress …
https://youtu.be/tJk0S2wby5E?t=28s
He talks about it with such an Of Course It Was A Dress, You Dummy confidence that I watched it like, “Wait a minute. Why don't I own any dresses yet???”
Left Wing 3: 2/2, 100 percent
This 2/2 is probably actually closer to a 20/20, even maybe a 200/200, which are all of the times he's posted a picture of himself with another man or just talked about another man and referred to him as #Bae or #Lover or #Hubby and so on. It's always so dope. I really enjoy that Young Thug just existing makes some people uncomfortable. I enjoy even more that he does so without actively trying to do so. This needs to go in the Hall of Fame:
https://bossip.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/screen-shot-2014-02-10-at-10-06-20-am.png?w=700
I don't even care which Hall of Fame you put it in. Put it in all of them. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, NFL Hall of Fame, NBA Hall of Fame, whatever. It's an all-time move. My whole goal in life is to have friends who care about me like Young Thug cares about his. I want a friend who will not only sneak a beverage that requires multiple Styrofoam cups into a hospital, but will also hold a cup up to my mouth while I hold a cup up to his mouth, BUT WILL ALSO pose for a picture doing so. That's the whole reason they did this. They're very clearly not actually drinking like this. They did it just to do it, just to post the picture. We're all going to look so dumb when Young Thug unzips his skin and Andy Kaufman steps out.
Right Wing 3: 2/2, 100 percent
http://www.sohh.com/wp-content/uploads/Barter-6.png
This is the time he erased Lil Wayne from true relevancy forever by deciding to call his album Barter 6 while Wayne struggled to get Tha Carter V released. This counts as a double heat check. Young Thug is, without argument, the hyper-evolution of Lil Wayne's very amazing Super Druggy Phase. That Thug would come through and eventually totally usurp Wayne — ALL THE WAY DOWN TO THE NAME OF HIS ALBUM — is just amazing and wonderful and perfect. It's like when Iverson crossed over Jordan, except imagine that instead of Jordan just stumbling for half a second and giving Iverson enough room to get a jumper off, MJ's legs melted into the hardwood floor and Iverson won, like, three or four championships in a row and all the games played in Philly had to be played around Jordan since he was fused to the court and had to watch it all happen. That's Young Thug calling his album Barter 6.
Straightaway 3: 1/1, 100 percent
This is the time they told Young Thug he needed a cover for the 1017 Thug 2 mixtape and Young Thug was just like, “Fuck it, just Photoshop my head on Wiz Khalifa's body and let's call it a wrap.”
It goes: Paul Allen < Bobby Fischer < Stephen Hawking < Young Thug. That's how it goes.
CANTON, N.Y. -- Three people killed in an Oswego County crash were employees of a north country ambulance company returning from a call in Syracuse, according to news outlets.
State police identified three dead St. Lawrence County residents as Corey E. Moore, 50, of Canton; Gregg P. Williams, 58, of De Kalb Junction; and Roderick C. Cota, 63, of Norwood.
R.B. Lawrence, owner of R.B. Lawrence Ambulance in Canton, told the Watertown Daily Times they were his employees.
"We are such a small company that they are all family," Lawrence told the newspaper. "They are just great people. I am not sure how we replace them or how we go on, but we are still in shock on this and still trying to figure out all that happened."
A fourth man killed in the crash was Moonjohn Kim, 52, of Ellicott City, Maryland, state police said.
He was an interventional radiologist at Samaritan Medical Hospital in Watertown, said Krista Kittle, a hospital spokeswoman. Kim had worked there for the past six years.
"Dr. Kim was a gifted physician who was adored and deeply respected by his colleagues, staff and patients," the hospital stated. "He leaves behind a legacy of tremendous medical skill, talent and true compassion that impacted the lives of so many patients"
Kim is survived by his wife, Clara, and their three young children.
Lawrence said his employees were an ambulance driver, a critical care technician, and a mechanic, according to WWNYTV.
Friends, coworkers and ambulance services around the state showing their grief and support on social media suggested Moore was one of the ambulance company's head mechanics, Williams was an EMT driver, and Cota was both a supervisor and the critical care EMT.
The driver and technician had transported a patient to a Syracuse hospital earlier in the day and were headed home when their vehicle broke down near Pulaski, Lawrence told the Daily Times. The mechanic drove down to pick them up.
Fewer than five miles into the journey back, a milk tanker in front of them heading north for Mannsville jackknifed, according to State Police. The driver, 38-year-old Charles T. Howard III of Watertown, told authorities he swerved to avoid "several" deer in the road and lost control of the tractor-trailer, said Jack Keller, a State Police spokesman.
Moore, Williams and Cota's vehicle struck the disabled tractor-trailer and went under it, coming to rest in a nearby ditch. All three were pronounced dead at the scene.
Kim's vehicle struck the same truck soon after, police said. His vehicle passed under it and traveled more than 150 feet before stopping in the median where he was also pronounced dead, according to State Police.
Lawrence said he was told the lights on the tractor-trailer had gone out when it crashed, making it hard to see in the dark. The crash happened just before midnight.
"It's just terribly devastating to us all," Lawrence told WWNYTV.
State police are still investigating the crash. Keller said it was a clear night, and the roads were dry at the time. Investigators shut down the highway for nearly eight hours overnight while they worked the scene.
State Police identify 4 killed in Oswego County milk tanker crash
On This Day
Friday 23rd June 1916
102 years ago
Italian-American Ralph DePalma set a flying-mile world record of 35.2 seconds in a Mercedes at Des Moines Speedway in Iowa, US. Des Moines Speedway was one of several wooden speedways to be constructed between 1910 and 1928. Other cities having board tracks included, but were not limited to, Cincinnati, Omaha, Uniontown, Altoona, Chicago, Kansas City, Beverly Hills, Miami and Sheepshead Bay. None survive today. Most were built by the Prince Speedway Company. The Des Moines Speedway was a mile in circumference. The straight aways were pitched ten degrees and the turns forty degrees. Speeds of over 100 miles per hour were assured by designers. The face of the speedway was built of 2x4's laid on edge. It was reported that 210 laborers were employed. In addition, more than three million feet of lumber and 45 tons of nails were required in construction of the great speedway at a cost of ninety-thousand dollars. The facility included a grandstand with seating capacity of ten thousand and an infield capacity of six thousand automobiles. The infield area, where the races could be watched while seated in automobiles, was reached by subway at the northeast turn of the track. The Des Moines Speedway only held two major events in its short history: a 300 mile race in 1915 and in 1916 a 150 mile race (a 50 mile open event was held the same day following the big race). While the 1915 event would be marred by tragedy, the 1916 events went off without any significant incidents. A smaller purse race was held on Decoration Day in 1916, primarily for Iowa drivers, and featuring Bill Barndollar and local champion Red Shafer. Unfortunately for the speedway, 1916 was the final year of racing. Many of the big name drivers were joining the war effort. In addition, attendance never again reached that of its glorious opening in 1915. In 1917, after a failed attempt by J. Alex Sloan to bring I.M.C.A. to the speedway, and the speedway company being named as defendant in a lawsuit, the track was dismantled and the wood was sold throughout central Iowa to satisfy creditors. It is rumored that many of the barns and other wooden buildings in the area built from 1917 to 1918 still stand with timber from the old board raceway.
Something fundamentally is missed here.
The PA continues to publicly honor anyone who has killed Israeli citizens, even a busload of children. It continues to educate children in the hatred of all things Israeli, without any thought to even to future toleration of a Jewish minority within a Palestine in the elimination of an Israeli state. Hamas is even more direct on its intent for Israeli Jewish citizens. In short, in all internal actions, all present Palestinian leadership has geared its society, even the next generation, for never accepting any peace for any amount of land.
Atop this, lies a continuous history of land for non-Arabic promises of peace, followed by intifada and terrorism, followed by new demands, and so forth. For the average Israeli, the ever-improving missile batteries aimed at their cities from the last bit of land given for peace, serves as a most bitter reminder. At each stage, Israel is generally unilaerally condemned for anything and everything under the sun by an automatic majority. Already years back, one peace camp Israeli complained that others equated his "Peace Now" bumper sticker with "Idiot" -- and frankly he was finding it difficult not to agree with them.
Is it any wonder that the average Israeli now sees "land for peace" as the same kind of slogan as "Arbeit Macht Frei" ("Labor Makes Freedom"), placed over the entrance way of some WWII Nazi death camps. So what did they do in the ghettos and camps? -- Focus internally.
But is this healthy? Ultimate perhaps, this would be best for both the Israelis and the Palestinians, and the Arab World in general.
The Israelis must come to a sense of true unity -- a sense of national cohesiveness not primarily founded on a common existential threat. Such physical threat and build up of this mentality, has literally been without real let up since Israel's inception, and continued naturally when joined by others also fleeing the threat of physical or cultural annihilation -- whether survivors of the Second World war, the 600,000 Jewish refugees from the surrounding Arab countries, or those who fled Ethiopia or left Russia. And of course, the land for peace kicks in the teeth have only hardened things further.
As well, soul searching among the Palestinians themselves is required. What realistically do they want eventually? Can they find a unity, a cultural bonding among their own people which does not depend upon a common hatred of the "Zionist enemy"? Golda Meir once stated that once Israel's neighbors loved their own children more than they hated Israel, then there would be peace -- can the Palestinians, on a national level, make this breakthrough and challenge the Israelis with it?
And the surrounding milieu, from the Arabian peninsula to Tehran, simply cannot be ignored in this -- it is absurd to think the whole matter of peace is limited to the Israeli and Palestinian peoples.
Ultimately though Golda Meir's message represents a universal challenge. When love of our human commonality overcomes our hatred of difference -- that hatred will transform into respect and a sense of mutual responsibility. Only then will the ever darkening clouds over the whole world part to let in the sun's rays.
Whether historic, or merely the writer's creative, there was a particularly poignant scene from a docudrama on the life of Gandhi years back. During Gandhi's hunger strike, a certain trouble Hindu approached Gandhi about believing himself destined for hell over his murder of a Muslim child during a riot. Gandhi told the man that he knew a way out of hell. Find a Muslim orphan, and raise him as you would your own child -- but raise him to be a Muslim.
Can the Israeli, the Palestinians, Arab nations, and general Muslim World, and in fact the whole world -- particularly Europe today -- find it in themselves to reach the level of love above hate that Gandhi recommends? Of all wars, it is this internal one -- and it must truly be a "world war" (against a truly common enemy) -- that will be the fiercest, and whose victory will be the sweetest -- forever...
Should taxpayers bail out blue states that have overspent and over-promised?
Catherine Rampell has an opinion piece in the Washington Post titled "Blue States are in for a World of Pain." She is worried that rich, high-tax states like California and New York are going to suffer if Medicaid is changed to block grants. She said these states already need more revenue because they need to put more in their underfunded pension plans. It is nice that people like Rampell believe that the American people as a whole are somehow responsible for these blue states' mismanagement of their budget.
Illinois is an example of a blue state that has overtaxed and overspent for decades. Illinois passed a "temporary" 60% income tax increase that was in effect for four years from 2011 to 2014, ostensibly to solve its budget problem. Illinois collected around $30 billion over the four years, and at the end of the period, its overall debt, pension debt, and health care obligations were higher than ever. The solution, of course, is more taxes. One tax that is being proposed is called the "opportunity tax." It is a payroll tax on employers. What an opportunity it is to give politicians more money. Almost all taxes that are proposed are regressive taxes, and we know from surveys that 60% of Americans cannot even come up with $1,000 for an emergency, so whatever additional taxes come out of these people's pockets essentially reduces other spending. President Obama has raised taxes the last eight years, interest rates have punished savers, the public debt has gone up $10 trillion and we have had the slowest recovery in seventy years. The people around Washington, D.C., who produce nothing but bureaucracy, have done very well, while most of the rest of the nation has been stagnant at best, and Rampell and others are worried about a president who wants to change things around and reduce spending. Isn't it interesting that the budget deficit dropped under Bush from FY 2004 through FY 2007 after he cut taxes, and it was rising prior to him cutting taxes? Ronald Reagan had a couple of quotes that describe Rampell's, most of the media's, and Democrats' views very well. "Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other." "Government's view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving, subsidize it."
Two of the four starting quarterbacks in the College Football Playoff were transfers.
The quarterback with the most passing yards in the SEC? A transfer.
The ACC Defensive Player of the Year? Yup, a transfer.
You get the point. Transferring has rejuvenated careers from coast to coast. Baker Mayfield did the "shake and bake" to a breakout season for Oklahoma. Jake Coker delivered a national championship to Alabama after winning a ring with Florida State as the backup to Jameis Winston. Chad Kelly led Ole Miss to 10 wins, two years after he was kicked off the Clemson team. Jeremy Cash left behind Ohio State and became an All-American at Duke. Every Power 5 conference had at least one quarterback transfer starting.
As transferring has grown in popularity over the last several seasons, following all the moves has become a season unto itself -- joining fall practice, the actual games, recruiting and spring ball as another part of the calendar. In the last month alone, several high-profile players have announced their intentions to transfer, from Trevor Knight to Kyle Allen to Kyler Murray to Barry Sanders Jr. There was even a player, QB Sheriron Jones, who announced he was transferring from Tennessee to Colorado... then announced he was transferring back to Tennessee a few weeks later. They join a large list of players who have switched schools since 2015.
So who has the biggest chance to make an impact in 2016? Glad you asked.
1. QB John O'Korn, Houston to Michigan
O'Korn sat out 2015 because of NCAA transfer rules and is primed to take over for outgoing senior Jake Rudock (a transfer himself!). At Houston, O'Korn threw for more than 3,000 yards and was American Athletic Conference Freshman of the Year in 2013. Given the lofty expectations for the Wolverines in 2016, O'Korn could follow Mayfield and Coker as transfer quarterbacks to make the playoff.
2. QB Trevor Knight, Oklahoma to Texas A&M
Knight, who lost his starting job to Mayfield this past season, is immediately eligible to play for the Aggies as a graduate transfer and will complete with Jake Hubenak for the starting job once spring practice begins. As the Sooners starter in 2013, Knight threw for 2,300 yards, 14 touchdowns and 12 interceptions. But he enters a situation with major question marks. Three quarterbacks have transferred out of A&M over the past two seasons, including Allen and Murray. Can Knight solidify the spot and make Kevin Sumlin happy?
3. QB Dakota Prukop, Montana State to Oregon
Prukop follows the footsteps of Vernon Adams Jr., who transferred from FCS Eastern Washington to Oregon last season. There is one major difference: Prukop is already on campus and will participate in spring practice, giving him an advantage Adams never had. Once practice begins, Prukop will compete with Jeff Lockie, Taylor Alie, Morgan Mahalak and Travis Jonsen for the starting job.
4. RB Duke Catalon, Texas to Houston
Catalon was an ESPN 300 prospect in the class of 2014 but redshirted his first year at Texas and then decided to transfer. Houston loses its top two running backs, Kenneth Farrow and Ryan Jackson, opening up an opportunity for Catalon to win the starting job now that he is eligible to play.
5. DL Gerald Willis, Florida to Miami
Willis, ranked No. 42 in the 2014 ESPN 300, sat out last season because of transfer rules but was dominant playing on the scout team. With a new coaching staff, Willis has an opportunity to reach his potential. Has he left his baggage behind in Gainesville?
6. WR Geno Lewis, Penn State to Oklahoma
Lewis is eligible immediately to play for the Sooners and fills a major position of need. Sterling Shepard and Durron Neal, two of the Sooners' top three receivers, are gone and that will give Lewis the chance to win a starting job.
7. QB Luke Del Rio, Oregon State to Florida
Del Rio is on his third different Power 5 school (he started at Alabama) but this one could finally land him a starting job. He impressed the coaching staff on the scout team last year while sitting out because of transfer rules.
8. QB Kenny Hill, Texas A&M to TCU
Remember Kenny Trill? Hill sat out 2015 after transferring in from the Aggies, and is set to compete with Foster Sawyer for the starting job Trevone Boykin leaves behind. Hill was the hottest quarterback in the country to start 2014, but was benched by midseason and then suspended for violating team rules. Which version of Hill will we see with the Horned Frogs?
9. QB Riley Ferguson, Tennessee/junior college/Memphis
Ferguson was an ESPN 300 prospect in the class of 2013 but transferred out of Tennessee before ever taking a snap. After throwing 36 touchdown passes and averaging 326.9 yards per game at Coffeyville Community College, Ferguson signed with Memphis. New coach Mike Norvell needs a replacement for the prolific Paxton Lynch, and Ferguson could fit the bill if he beats out Brady Davis for the job.
10. DB Priest Willis, UCLA to Texas A&M
Willis, another ESPN 300 prospect in the class of 2013, appeared in 20 games with the Bruins but decided to transfer to Texas A&M last summer. After he sat out a year, Aggies coaches believe he can make an impact in the secondary - especially since both starting cornerbacks are gone.
Now here is a look at other prominent transfers
Eligible immediately
QB Patrick Towles, Kentucky to Boston College
QB Austin Appleby, Purdue to Florida
QB Alec Morris, Alabama to North Texas
QB Faton Bauta, Georgia to Colorado State
QB Troy Williams, Washington/juco/Utah
QB Richard Lagow, Oklahoma State/juco/Indiana
QB Johnny Stanton, Nebraska/juco/UNLV
QB Justice Hansen, Oklahoma/juco/Arkansas State
QB John Franklin III, Florida State/juco/Auburn
RB Trey Edmunds, Virginia Tech to Maryland
WR John Diarse, LSU to TCU
WR Derrick Willies, Iowa/juco/Texas Tech
WR Juwann Winfree, Maryland/juco/Pittsburgh
OL Logan Tuley-Tillman, Michigan to Washington State
OL Will Adams, Auburn to Boise State
DB Jayme Thompson, Ohio State/juco/Indiana
RB Tyren Jones, Alabama/juco/South Carolina
Sat out 2015 and now eligible
QB Asiantii Woulard, UCLA to USF
QB Ricky Town, USC to Arkansas
QB Danny Etling, Purdue to LSU
QB Darell Garretson, Utah State to Oregon State
DL Ondre Pipkins, Michigan to Texas Tech
RB Keith Ford, Oklahoma to Texas A&M
RB Squally Canada, Washington State to BYU
OL Darius James, Texas to Auburn
LB Cecil Cherry, Texas to USF
LB John Kenny, Iowa to Arizona
LB Courtney Love, Nebraska to Kentucky
LB E.J. Levenberry, Florida State to UConn
TE Greg Hart, Nebraska to Kentucky
WR Jamil Kamara, Virginia to Cincinnati
WR Avery Peterson, LSU to Cincinnati
WR Jordan Cunningham, Vanderbilt to North Carolina
WR Ra'Shaad Samples, Oklahoma State to Houston
DB Lamont Simmons, USC to Georgia Tech
Undecided
RB Barry Sanders Jr., Stanford to ...
C Jake Raulerson, Texas to ...
RB Derrick Green, Michigan to ...
QB Davis Webb, Texas Tech to ...
QB Seth Collins, Oregon State to ...
Must sit out 2016
Kyle Allen, Texas A&M to Houston
Kyler Murray, Texas A&M to Oklahoma
Greetings, beloved backers!
This is Alex Rigopulos, writing to you through a cartoon speech bubble. Ryan and I are eager to fill you all in on a number of big developments in Amplitude Land.
As the game came together this year, it became apparent to all of us that it was shaping up to be something really special. The gameplay is as fun and addictive as ever, the HD visuals are gorgeous and hypnotic, and the soundtrack is killer.
The game is fulfilling all of our hopes and ambitions for it, and at a certain point, we made a major call: We've decided to double down, increase the project budget, and make the new Amplitude bigger and better than the scope of game we originally pitched to you all last year.
I will now hand the mic over to Cartoon Ryan, who will tell you some more details.
Hey there…
Although we had originally promised about 16 songs total, we have decided to cram as much awesome music into Amplitude as possible. We now upped the total count to 30 songs! If you are a backer at the appropriate tiers, you will also get a 31st song too, voted on by the Song Senate—our group of backers that chipped in at the Song Senate tier. (Side note: In a display of true Amplitude community good will, the Song Senate decided to keep the “most wanted” song in the main game soundtrack, instead of keeping it all to themselves. THANKS, SONG SENATE!)
You guys may also recall that early in the dev cycle, we decided to add a concept album wrapper to the otherwise vanilla solo mode. This is all new for Amplitude and we think it adds a bit more depth and interest to the game and the songs themselves. The core campaign now includes 16 all-original songs, written in-house by our amazing musicians. You have heard some of these tracks in past posts and at the conventions… songs like “Decode Me” and “Wetware”.
In addition to the basic play modes that were promised originally, and the single path/single environment in which they would be presented, we decided to expand both of those dimensions by adding 2 more playable environments, unique path topology per song, and more play modes. We are now shipping a solo campaign, solo free play, 2-4 player “free-for-all”, and an all-new team play mode (1v3, 2v2).
Over the course of the project, we created the original nanoblaster and the backerblaster, and also made 3 additional nanoblasters for players to choose from in solo and multi play. (v0.9 Chubs is my personal fave, displacing v1.1 Raven)
We have added leaderboards, allowing players to compete asynchronously against each other online for score, both per-song and across the whole game.
Oh! One last thing: There is a new, still-to-be-announced way to play the game that will change the way you think about Amplitude's 6-lane track. More on that at a later date! Now back to Alex.
Thanks, Cartoon Ryan. So that's all of the good news. Now for the bad news that comes along with it: It's impossible for us to finish all of these extra songs, environments, features and modes on the same schedule. Our previous target for shipping the game was this summer. Now that we've committed to this expanded scope, though, we won't be able to complete and ship the game until the end of this year on PS4 (with the PS3 version coming shortly thereafter).
Kickstarter backers who paid for the “early access” reward will be able to play the PS4 version in December, prior to the holiday break. For everyone else, the PS4 version will become available in January. (We'll follow up with the exact dates in December and January for PS4 as soon as we have them. PS3 will follow shortly behind.)
We know that this schedule slip will be a disappointment to many of you. (Frankly, it's disappointing to us as well, as we're all dying to play the finished game…) However, our judgment was that our highest priority is to deliver the best game we possibly can to our fans—the definitive version of Amplitude. We want to over-deliver for our biggest supporters, and that's simply going to require some extra time.
Some of you might wonder—will this delay mean that synchronous online multiplayer will be added? I'm sorry to say, it will not, as that is impossible within our budget means for this game, even with the expanded budget. However, our hope is that this release of Amplitude will be successful enough to justify a sequel or feature expansion pack that could include this. In the meantime, the newly added leaderboard system will enable plenty of heated asynchronous online competition!
Finally, I should add that the physical rewards are beginning production, and we'll have more news on those in the coming weeks.
From the whole Amplitude team, thank you for your continued support and patience. We think that when you see the finished product at the end of this year, you'll agree that the wait as been worth it!
Video/gallery: After SEVEN hours man is coaxed down from roof of Ipswich train station
Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Archant
A man, who climbed onto the roof of Ipswich train station, has been coaxed down after seven hours of severe delays and full closure of the station.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The man, who was wearing shorts and no shoes and was armed with a retractable knife, was standing on the roof above the main platforms.
Police officers, firefighters and paramedics were called to the scene after initial calls reporting the incident were received at around 8.20am.
It is believed around 10,000 rail passengers were caught up in the chaos, as all services through Ipswich were affected until the early evening after the power on all lines was switched off.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of obstructing trains with intent and is currently being assessed in hospital.
A spokesman for British Transport Police said: “BTP officers were called to Ipswich station following a report of a man on the roof of a station.
“BTP and Suffolk Police officers attended the incident which was reported to BTP at 8.26am.
“Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service also attended the incident, and placed a ladder to allow the man to get down, which he refused.
“Officers also retrieved a retractable knife, which the man dropped.
“Police negotiators were called and spoke to the man for an extended period of time to encourage him to leave the roof safely, which would have allowed the station and lines to reopen more promptly.
“Specialist policing at heights officers were also deployed and, at 3.10pm, the 25-year-old man came down of his own accord via a ladder.”
Superintendent Matt Allingham, of BTP, said: “This was a difficult and deeply frustrating situation for officers, rail staff and all passengers and I'd like to thank everyone for their patience today.
“We were faced with a man in a precarious situation, some 30 feet from the ground, who did not want to come down. During the incident the safety of the man, and members of the public nearby, was of paramount concern for us.
“The man was walking around areas that could not have taken the weight of more than one person; if anyone had taken the wrong step, the consequences could have been far worse.
“Power in and around the station was also turned off to preserve the safety of the man and officers dealing with the incident.”
One commuter, Chris Horrex, 21, was trying to get a train to Saxmundham but was told in order to get there, he needed to get a bus to Stowmarket, then a train to Norwich, one to Lowestoft and then on to Saxmundham.
He said: “I'm really annoyed – you can't put it into words.
“It is rare, you wouldn't expect this to happen in a million years, especially in Ipswich.”
Close You currently have JavaScript disabled, functionality will be limited Man climbs onto rail station roof Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof. Emergency services at Ipswich Railway Station after a person climbed onto the roof.
0 1 / 10
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency has gone where the U.S. government dares not tread – testing thousands of foods commonly consumed by its citizens for residues of a controversial herbicide linked to cancer. And the findings are less than appetizing.
The agency said it found the pesticide known as glyphosate, the key ingredient in Monsanto Co.'s Roundup branded herbicides and other products, in 29.7 percent of 3,188 foods tested in 2015 and 2016. Glyphosate was found in 47.4 percent of beans, peas and lentil products; 36.6 percent of grain products; and 31 percent of baby cereals, the agency report states.
Only 1.3 percent of the total samples were found with glyphosate residue levels above what Canadian regulators allow, though 3.9 percent of grain products contained more of the weed killer than is permissible. These legally allowable levels are referred to as Maximum Residue Limits (MRLs), and they vary from food to food and pesticide to pesticide, as well as from country to country. Regulators and agrichemical industry interests say as long as residue levels are lower than the established MRLs, consuming the pesticide residues is not harmful to humans. But a growing number of scientists and medical professionals say such claims are false, particularly with pesticides like glyphosate, which is the most widely used agrichemical on the planet, commonly used in the production of dozens of food crops. Glyphosate is sprayed directly onto crops like corn, soybeans, sugar beets and canola, all of which are genetically engineered to tolerate the pesticide. Monsanto has also encouraged farmers to spray the chemical directly on oats, wheat, peas and lentils shortly before harvest to help dry them out.
“It's all guesswork, and not based on a lot,” Dr. Bruce Blumberg, Professor of Developmental and Cell Biology in the University of California, Irvine's School of Biological Sciences said of the MRLs. “Nobody is actually measuring levels of this pesticide in humans. They don't do that but they should.”
The World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer classified glyphosate as a probable human carcinogen in 2015 and said years of research on the chemical shows strong evidence of genotoxicity and oxidative stress from glyphosate, including findings of DNA damage in the peripheral blood of exposed humans. Many regulatory bodies, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, have determined glyphosate is not carcinogenic, but the issue is the subject of much controversy. Internal Monsanto documents revealed through litigation in California indicate that the company many have ghost-written studies attesting to the safety of the chemical that were relied on by regulators. They also show the company discussing an EPA official that may help “kill” a cancer study of glyphosate.
Oddly, the USDA did intend to start testing some food samples for glyphosate this year, with a start date of April 1, agency documents obtained through Freedom of Information Act requests show. But the agency decided to abandon that plan earlier this year. As well, the FDA started its first-even glyphosate testing program last year but suspended that “special assignment” in September. Even the CFIA has handled the glyphosate testing in a curious manner: The agency said it would not release detailed data on glyphosate residues found in food because it is considered “confidential business information.”
A source within the FDA said there has been political pressure not to delve too deeply into the issue of glyphosate residues. But both the USDA and FDA have said their reasons for not testing have anything to do with outside influence and are purely based on the fact that glyphosate is more difficult and expensive to test for than other pesticides, and the fact that it is considered safe. The FDA has said it is working on resuming its limited testing of corn, soy, eggs and milk for glyphosate residues.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A have-a-go hero has described the moment he tackled a knife-man threatening to stab a mother in a supermarket car park.
Kevin Taylor, from Harpurhey, was putting his shopping into the boot of his car when he heard shouting outside Morrisons, on Poplar Street, Failsworth.
Glancing over he noticed a mother and daughter shouting at a man, who then allegedly produced a knife and brandished it at them.
Kevin, who has a blue belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, leapt over a car bonnet and tackled the man to the floor before pinning him down between two vehicles.
The 35-year-old snapped the weapon in two and pinned the attacker to the ground until police arrived.
Police have praised Kevin for his quick-thinking actions after officers arrested the man.
Kevin, a former army medic, was shopping with his wife and children after the school run on Monday (January 30) when the scene unfolded at 3.40pm.
Shortly afterwards Kevin's wife, Bernie, shared an image of him holding the alleged attacker down which has received thousands of comments from Facebook users hailing him as a hero.
Kevin, who is a full-time carer for his wife, said: “A woman was saying get away from me. I saw a man following two women.
“I came round the car and he had a knife. He has gone at them with a knife, I jumped over the bonnet and hit him.
“Then I got him on the floor, I snapped the knife. I didn't know how I did it.”
He added: “Nothing was going through my head at the time. I saw the woman and kids, I was glad I was there.
“It has been overwhelming I didn't expect to get this reaction. I have laughed it off.”
A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police said: “We arrested a man for possession of an offensive weapon.
“We got a call just before 4pm. We were called to reports of a man with a knife who tried to stab someone in the Morrison's carpark.
“There were no reports of any injuries.”
Police are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with further information to come forward.
Detective Sergeant John Coleman of GMP's Oldham Borough said: “Fortunately, the woman wasn't hurt, thanks to the quick thinking of the man who stepped in and managed to get the knife off the man.
“I am keen to speak to anyone who saw what happened and I would urge you to get in touch with us if you can help.”
A man has been charged with section 18 assault and possession of a bladed article.
Police are appealing for any witnesses to the incident to come forward.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 0161 856 9080, 101 quoting incident number 1436 30/01/17, or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
A Yahoo website has apparently been compromised, with hackers publishing an 18-megabyte file of email addresses and passwords, according to TrustedSec, a security research firm.
A tipster familiar with Yahoo security alerted Business Insider to the hack and shared a copy of the file with us.
Software developer Adam Caudill identified the site as Yahoo Voices. That's the new name Yahoo gave to Associated Content, a site it bought in 2010 for $100 million.
Yahoo Voices pays freelance writers for articles on a variety of topics; they get paid both upfront and based on the traffic articles draw.
It's not clear if any financial information was exposed in the hack.
We contacted a Yahoo spokesperson who's looking into the incident for us. We'll update if we find out more.
Ever wondered what goes through the mind of an internet troll, other than how shit your opinion on everything is? Check out this diary...
Monday
A typical day for Lord Snark (That's me) today. First, I read many articles online. Second, I counted by hand, the number of words in these articles. Finally, wrote insightful comments in response to these articles whilst ensuring each comment had at least one more word than the original article. Exhausting.
There was a particularly tricky 2,301 word comment underneath a 2,300 word columns where I outlined a riposte to an, in my opinion, incorrect use of the phrase "tragic end". Nearly two and a half thousand words! Who knew an obituary for a child could be so long?
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Tuesday
Got mad at the Internet again, a good day. Must have written “Boring. UNFOLLOW” to at least 200 tweeters, many of them Sex Bots. Now only following @big_ben_clock. Cathartic.
Wednesday
Had a nasty tiff with another commenter today. A real shame. A guy I hold in much high esteem. Him and I tend to rule over the comments section of a variety of newspaper comment pages.
His name is Lord Snide and, of course, my name is Lord Snark. I've always considered us bandits of the Internet age but today was a deep disappointment as we disagreed over the order of the “Ten Best British Tunnels” on a tunnel enthusiast's personal blog.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
I was adamant that the Queensway Tunnel was wrongly placed 7th and should have been one or even maybe two places higher. Lord Snide vehemently disagreed, claiming that the Birkenhead Tunnel, as he incorrectly described it, was in exactly the right place.
Alas Dear Diary this soon turned, and I take no pleasure in saying this, into petty name-calling and me going through every comment he had ever written on The Independent blog whilst clicking "Flag For Spam"
I really had no other option. Goodnight Lord Snide. Goodbye dear friend. I will never forget the time you took Owen Jones to task for his “infantile”, as you put it, use of the word “scary”. A fight worth fighting. Great memories.
Wrote a great comment on the Telegraph Blog page. Didn't come up straight away. Must be being moderated.
Woke up early. Went through 50 opinion pages online. Found 47 opinions I didn't quite agree with. A long day ahead.
Thursday
Very odd day. Internet wasn't working. No access to the World Wide Web. In haste I bought some newspapers. Soon found sentences I didn't completely like and wrote some explosive swears word underneath on a carefully drawn “Comments Section” on the paper itself. Gave (Drew on) my best comment with 6 Facebook likes, two retweets and a Google plus one. To be honest, I felt it deserved more. I am my very own worst critic.
Still waiting for that comment to be moderated on the Telegraph. Time will tell.
Thursday
Was given the email address of a Blog editor today. Apparently I can send off my own articles and have them published online. Burnt the offending piece of paper as soon as I got home. Then went online and wrote the phrase "This is the worst article ever written" under 5 different pieces.
Typed out each one, individually of course. Copy and pasting isn't real “gonzo journalism.”
Comment still not moderated on the Telegraph.
Friday
Woke up early. Went through 50 opinion pages online. Found 47 opinions I didn't quite agree with. A long day ahead.
Finally finished correcting these “journalists” opinions just before midnight, only for a whole new wave of opinion to be published. No rest for the wicked.
Still no sign of my Telegraph comment, for shame.
Saturday
Day off. Lovely time spent on my novel. At around 10pm I finally finished my 10,000-page opus: “The Serene Sodomy of Queen Boudicca”
After a decade writing this absolute historical beast I have now sent it off to publishers. Fingers crossed.
Speaking of fingers crossed. Fingers crossed for that Telegraph comment. STILL NO SIGN. Very anxious.
Sunday
Day ruined. Went to bed early.
Telegraph comment was rejected. Presumably the editors of this blog aren't interested in the varying skull sizes of different ethnicities. Great Britain is dead.
Liked this? Have a look at these
The 5 Most Unbearable Breaches of Twitter Etiquette
Peter Serafinowicz's Genius Tweet To Gary Glitter
Twitter: The Ched Evans Rape Apologists Are A Disgrace To Humanity
Click here for more stories about Life
Click here to follow Sabotage Times on Twitter
Click here to follow Sabotage Times on Facebook
As the number of Christians increase in Bangladesh, so do the attacks against them by Islamic jihadists.
The Islamic State fighters who slaughtered 20 people in a Bangladesh cafe in Dhaka on July 1 caused terror and intimidation, but even so, one Pastor bravely proclaimed: “persecution will come more but the believers and I are ready to face it.”
After North Korea, nine of the top ten persecuting states against Christians are Islamic states, according to Open Doors USA's World Watch List.
Jihad Watch reported that the hostages taken during the July 1st massacre who recited the Quran were spared, and those who could not were tortured and then killed. Concern is also being raised that the July 1st attack was a “concerted” one against foreigners.
“Rise of Islamic extremism as number of Christians soar in Bangladesh”, by Katie Mansfield, UK Express, July 17, 2016:
Sony A6000 Camera - When iPhone pictures won't do, I carry this baby around. Easy to use and I can send pictures to my phone via Bluetooth if I need to share a shot with a contractor in a hurry.
Bosch Laser Measuring Tool - This cut my measuring time down and brought accuracy up. Its quick and precise, and best of all no windy tape to roll back up after measuring a 100' distance.
UPDATE - The Bosch has worked well for my but a fellow architect suggested I check out the Leica Disto E7400x. I looked it up online and its functions are much more advanced like measuring the angles of a roof from the ground and measuring around obstacles. I think the Leica Disto wins on those two abilities alone.
Muji Hexagonal Twin Dual-Tip Pen Pack - Ten "pens" that really feel more like markers. They are double sided and each side is a different color, so you're carrying twenty colors in the space of ten. When its time for some colorful sketching on the fly, this is what I lean towards. I bought these in one of Muji's NYC shops but I can't find it on their US website, note the link is for their "global" site. If you are fortunate enough to live near a Muji, check it out. Before they ever had one stateside I visited their Hong Kong and Tokyo shops and loved it. I still wear shirts I bought from there ten years ago. Now they have multiple NYC outposts so I'm spoiled, but their clothes are not as special as in the Asian shops.
Trace Paper - AKA Bumwad if you're over 50 - No design meeting is complete without a roll of trace. I'll never forget when I laid some trace over a floor plan to show how we could alter a design to meet my clients needs, the husband told his wife, "Check this out, its like magic." I like to think that too.
Staedtler 12-Inches Architect Triangular Scale - I think I've had this one since undergrad. Scales last forever as long as you don't confuse them with cutting ruler! The only thing I cut with this is the trace paper.
Tape Measure - The laser is great, but it has limitations. There are still moments that need an old fashioned tape measure. I like them sturdy and clear. Don't cheap out on this. High-end ones break easily, buckle quickly, and their printing is blurrier than on a quality product.
Bienfang Designer Grid Paper - This is my favorite grid paper because it has a hierarchical grid with small squares and thicker lines ever 8x8 that makes scaling sketches easy. The paper quality is great for drawing and erasing. More expensive than other brands but once you start using this you can't go back to the cheaper paper with fuzzy lines at 1/4" apart. Great for sketching details and drawing floor plans before you measure them up.
Legal Size Clipboard - I prefer this size for when I'm on a job site with 11x17 sheets, it gives a little more room.
Blue Booties - A necessity when you are on a project site and you: A: don't want to get dirt on the floor, or B: don't want to get YOUR shoes dirty.
M.R.K.T. Martin Utility Bag - Architect designed, architect approved. M.R.K.T. (Mad Rabbit Kicking Tiger) makes some cool bags out of felt with little pops of color. Removable inserts for pens and iPads inside keep things organized.
What are you carrying around?
-Andrew
You may also like -
CBS is developing a TV adaptation of “L.A. Confidential,” Variety has learned.
Based on James Ellroy's classic novel of the same name, the series would follow the paths of three homicide detectives, a female reporter, and a Hollywood actress as they intersect while the detectives pursue a sadistic serial killer through the seedy underbelly of 1950's Los Angeles.
New Regency, Lionsgate Television and CBS Television Studios will produce, with New Regency's Arnon Milchan serving as executive producer. Jordan Harper is set to write and executive produce. Harper previously wrote for and produced the CBS drama “The Mentalist.” Most recently, he served as a writer and supervising producer on Fox's “Gotham.” He is repped by UTA and The Shuman Company.
The novel was first published in 1990, the third entry in Ellroy's “L.A. Quartet,” which explored life in the City of Angels in the 1940's and '50s. The other books are “The Black Dahlia,” “The Big Nowhere,” and “White Jazz.” “L.A. Confidential” was subsequently adapted into the 1997 film of the same name. It starred Guy Pearce, Kim Basinger, Russel Crowe, Kevin Spacey, James Cromwell, and Danny DeVito with Curtis Hanson directing. The film received widespread acclaim and was nominated for nine Academy Awards, including Best Picture. It won two: Best Supporting Actress for Basinger and Best Adapted Screenplay for Hanson and Brian Helgeland.
This is not the first time an “L.A. Confidential” series has been attempted. After the success of the film, a pilot starring Kiefer Sutherland and Eric Roberts among others was shot. It was ultimately not picked up, but was included as a special feature in the film's DVD and Blu-Ray release. In 2013, Ellroy shopped a sequel series to various networks but was unable to find it a home
As Variety previously reported Wednesday, CBS is also working with Gina Rodriguez to develop the drama titled “Have Mercy,” based on the German format “Dr. Illegal.” It centers around a Latina doctor who is unable to practice when she immigrates to Miami. She begins work as a nurse's assistant, but risks everything when she opens a makeshift clinic in her apartment to serve the community.
Several fan-favorite add-on packs, including the Super Mario Mash-Up pack, are included in the Minecraft: Nintendo Switch Edition game, available at 6 p.m. PT on May 11 in Nintendo eShop. (Photo: Business Wire)
Several fan-favorite add-on packs, including the Super Mario Mash-Up pack, are included in the Minecraft: Nintendo Switch Edition game, available at 6 p.m. PT on May 11 in Nintendo eShop. (Photo: Business Wire)
REDMOND, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--This week's Nintendo Download includes the following featured content:
Nintendo eShop on Nintendo Switch Minecraft: Nintendo Switch Edition – Explore randomly generated worlds and build amazing things from the simplest of homes to the grandest of castles. Play in Creative Mode with unlimited resources or mine deep into the world in Survival Mode, crafting weapons and armor to fend off dangerous mobs. Share the experience with four-player split screen or up to eight players online*. Several fan-favorite add-on packs, including the Super Mario Mash-Up pack, are included in the Minecraft: Nintendo Switch Edition game, available at 6 p.m. PT on May 11 in Nintendo eShop.
Nintendo eShop sales:
Nintendo eShop on Wii U and Nintendo 3DS Great deals this week! Check out the full list of deals on Nintendo 3DS and Wii U, now available at http://www.nintendo.com/games/sales-and-deals.
Activities:
Also new this week:
ACA NEOGEO GAROU: MARK OF THE WOLVES (Nintendo eShop on Nintendo Switch)
Elliot Quest (Nintendo eShop on Nintendo 3DS)
In addition to video games available at retail stores, Nintendo also offers a variety of content that people can download directly to their systems. Nintendo adds new games weekly to Nintendo eShop on the Nintendo Switch console, the Wii U console and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems.
Nintendo eShop is a cash-based service that features a wide variety of content, including new and classic games, applications and demos. Users can add money to their account balances by using a credit card or purchasing a Nintendo eShop Card at a retail store and entering the code from the card. All funds from one card must be loaded in Nintendo eShop on Nintendo Switch, Wii U or the Nintendo 3DS family of systems, but can be used in any Nintendo eShop if the systems are linked to a single Nintendo Network account.
The Wii Shop Channel offers games and applications and uses Wii Points, which can be purchased via the Wii Shop Channel.
Remember that Nintendo Switch, Wii U, Wii, New Nintendo 3DS, New Nintendo 3DS XL, Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo 3DS XL, and Nintendo 2DS feature parental controls that let adults manage some of the content their children can access. Nintendo 3DS players who register a Nintendo Network ID gain access to free-to-start games and free game demos from Nintendo eShop, and also get the latest news and information direct from Nintendo. For more information about this and other features, visit http://www.nintendo.com/switch, http://www.nintendo.com/wiiu or http://www.nintendo.com/3ds.
Note to editors: Nintendo press materials are available at http://press.nintendo.com, a password-protected site. To obtain a login, please register on the site.
*Additional games, systems and accessories may be required for multiplayer mode and are sold separately. Online features will be free through fall 2017. After the free-trial period, most games will require a paid online service subscription from Nintendo in order to play online. Currently, the free-trial period, the paid service, and online play (for applicable modes in compatible games) will be available for customers in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For the latest list of countries, please visit Customer Support.
North Carolina voted overwhelmingly Tuesday to borrow $2 billion to pay for a laundry list of infrastructure projects.The bond package, backed by Republican Gov. Pat McCrory and Democratic leaders, won two-thirds of the vote. Their argument was the state has added 2 million people since the last borrowing package was approved in 2000, and that kind of growth and the passage of time requires spending money.About two-thirds of the bonds will go toward new buildings, repairs and renovations at all University of North Carolina system and community college campuses. The rest would go for local government water and sewer projects and construction money for parks, the North Carolina Zoo, the National Guard and the Department of Agriculture."I believe in public education, and with interest rates so low it is the most effective way of dealing with capital costs," said John Suddath, 80, who voted at a school in Raleigh near North Carolina State University.Suddath said he wishes the state would have borrowed more with cheap interest rates and used that money to improve roads and bridges. McCrory asked for a bigger bond package to include road projects, but legislators turned him down, opting to pay for roads through transportation funds.There wasn't much organized opposition to the bond bill. Critics said there were unnecessary projects on the list, and the things that needed to be built or repaired could be paid for without borrowing. But they acknowledged they had a tough fight.One of the main groups against the bond, the NC Against the Bond committee, raised $2,100 through February, according to campaign finance reports filed earlier this month. The pro-bond Connect NC Committee raised more than $2 million for a multi-media campaign effort including television and online ads and mailers.Bond supporters said the state should not have to raise taxes to pay back the debt. They also said North Carolina's debt load should be less by 2020 than it is today, even with the additional borrowing. A state debt affordability study also says the new debt shouldn't affect the state's triple-A bond rating, which keeps borrowing costs low.Democratic former Lt. Gov. Walter Dalton joined McCrory along with a number of other state officials in the push to pass the bond referendum.The Council of State will have to sign off on issuing the debt, but that is a routine step since lawmakers have already decided where to spend the money.The bond package will give $980 million for the University of North Carolina system with many construction projects on 14 campuses targeting science, math and engineering. All 58 community colleges in North Carolina will split $350 million, with local matching funds needed for new construction.More than 40 state parks will share $75 million. The state will spend $70 million to construct National Guard readiness centers in Guilford, Burke and Wilkes counties and $25 million to replace the Africa Pavilion at the North Carolina Zoo in Asheboro.Nearly $310 million will go to water and wastewater system projects, with $100 million of the amount earmarked for grants and the rest for loans.
Billy Williams, Ryne Sandberg, Kerry Wood -- many former Chicago Cubs legends took part in the 2016 World Series celebration, but one was noticeably absent: Sammy Sosa. And from what he's saying, a reunion isn't likely anytime soon.
Former Cubs media relations employee Chuck Wasserstrom spoke with Sosa over Skype recently and wrote about their conversation on his personal blog. Sosa, who played 13 years with the Cubs, said he regrets how he parted with the team but said he won't come begging to sing "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" during the seventh-inning stretch.
"I never say 'No' to that. I owe something to the people -- to the crowd in Chicago," he said. "For that, I would come back. But I'm not going to go up there and say, 'I'm here. Please bring me back and give me a chance.' No way. I'm not hungry. I have too much pride. They know where they can find me."
Sammy Sosa says he was clean and doesn't have to beg to return to the Cubs and Major League Baseball. Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images
Sosa left the Cubs' game early on the last day of the 2004 season, incensing some teammates, who smashed his boombox. After initially lying about leaving the clubhouse, Sosa later said he had permission from then-manager Dusty Baker. It was a messy situation that followed whispers of performance-enhancing drug use and Sosa getting busted for using a corked bat in 2003.
The Cubs traded the outfielder to the Orioles after the 2004 season, and the sides have not reconciled.
"I never wanted to leave Chicago. I should have handled that situation differently, yes indeed," Sosa told Wasserstrom. "I recognize my mistake. But look, I have my pride, and I know I had a tremendous career in Chicago. When nobody knew who Chicago was, I put Chicago on the map. Like you said, if I could have done it again, I would have done it differently."
Sosa's reputation was further tarnished when he denied using PEDs in congressional testimony, and lawmakers considered charging him with perjury based on a New York Times report that he tested positive. He was not charged.
All of it made Sosa feel persecuted.
"A lot of people say so many things, but I'm telling you -- they have nothing on me," Sosa said. "I'm not going to go out there begging, because they have no case. They had the Mitchell report trying to find something, but they had nothing on Mr. Sosa."
He added: "Chuck, it's like Jesus Christ when he came to Jerusalem. Everybody thought Jesus Christ was a witch [laughing], and he was our savior. So if they talk s--- about Jesus Christ, what about me? Are you kidding me?"
Sosa said his business ventures in his home in the Dominican Republic and around the world are doing well. He has no interest in coaching and would only return to baseball as an owner. He said he was happy to see the Cubs finally break the curse and win a World Series, but he needs an invitation from the team to return to Wrigley Field.
"Hey, if they send me an invitation, then I would definitely say yes," he said. "This is my house -- no matter what happened [at the end]. My numbers -- nobody is going to take them from me. Not even Mr. Cub, Ernie Banks, hit that many home runs. And I did it with style [laughing]. But if they invite me, why not? One day, if they invite me, a lot of people will be very happy about it."
ASHBURN, Va. -- The motivational messages are stashed deep in his notebook or taped somewhere in his truck. There are just enough reminders to keep Washington Redskins quarterback Colt McCoy pushing forward.
"The hardest part of this job," he said, "is the amount of time and effort and energy preparing yourself for something that may not happen."
Kirk Cousins has made 30 consecutive starts, which means McCoy has been Cousins' backup for 30 consecutive games. McCoy played against the Dallas Cowboys in the 2015 season finale because the Redskins had already clinched the NFC East.
But McCoy, a third-round pick by the Cleveland Browns in 2010 with 25 career starts, has to operate under a you-never-know philosophy. He has to work long hours -- just in case.
"That gives me peace of mind," he said.
"The hardest part of this job is the amount of time and effort and energy preparing yourself for something that may not happen," Colt McCoy said of being a backup QB. Scott W. Grau/Icon Sportswire
This is what it takes for him to stay sharp as a backup on a typical Wednesday during the season:
6 a.m.: Arrive at facility. McCoy starts earlier than most so he can spend more time with his daughters at the end of the day. He begins with a protein-filled breakfast, usually six to eight eggs and a bowl of oatmeal.
"I'm a big breakfast guy," he said.
He's a big film guy too. Within 30 minutes, McCoy sits by himself in the quarterback room, watching film for at least an hour, taking notes on the opponent's coverages and scheme. He'll watch the corners, determining which one is best. He'll watch the safeties and look for ways the secondary might tip off the coverage. He wants to find "tells" by the defense, so when the coaches go over it later, he already has an understanding.
"The more I get myself familiar with who we're playing, the more comfortable as the week goes by that I'll feel," he said.
At some point in the morning, McCoy will look at the torn-off pieces of paper. He'll sometimes recite the sayings throughout the day. His most popular: "Manage my expectations" and "Don't look back."
"Unfortunately, a lot of people have written you off, or don't think you can play," he said. "I don't feel that way, so I manage my expectations. I really believe I can do this. I know I can. If I keep dwelling on the past and worry what people think about me, it sets me back."
8:15-10:45 a.m.: Meetings. All three quarterbacks sit in a room as offensive coordinator Sean McVay and position coach Matt Cavanaugh lead a meeting. Most of their interaction is with Cousins because he's playing -- they'll let him know how they want a certain play run, for example. McCoy said he mostly listens. The time when he interacts more with Cousins is during games, when he can watch the backside of a play, for example, and let Cousins know if there's something to look for later.
McVay gets into the details of a play -- the philosophy and execution. Cavanaugh discusses the mechanics of the position. McCoy, meanwhile, said he'll take lots of notes in meetings during the day: eight pages, front and back, if he is familiar with an opponent, and 10 pages if he isn't.
10:50-11:15 a.m.: Walk-through. The Redskins go over what they just learned in meetings by walking through the plays. McCoy watches during this time, taking mental reps and visualizing his actions on a play.
Colt McCoy and center Kory Lichtensteiger eat lunch recently in the Redskins' cafeteria. Courtesy of Washington Redskins
11:15 a.m.-12:45 p.m.: Eat lunch, work out. Because McCoy eats breakfast so early, the first thing he does after the walk-through is head to the cafeteria, where he typically sits with the offensive linemen. McCoy eats fish every day; his favorite by Redskins executive chef Jon Mathieson is sea bass.
"It's really light, almost like sushi," McCoy said.
After that, it's time to work out. McCoy has developed a routine, thanks to offseason work with California-based coach Tom House, to help his right shoulder, which he injured in college. Two years ago, House developed a daily 20-minute shoulder exercise routine for McCoy with resistance bands, medicine balls, dumbbells, etc.
"He has significantly helped me, as far as throwing the ball," McCoy said.
Then, because McCoy lifts on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, he works on his cardio on Wednesdays. That means running on the treadmill for 15 to 20 minutes, listening to country music -- George Strait or Zac Brown Band, most likely -- or classic rock. On days when he lifts, he'll also run sprint intervals in the pool.
"Having glorified walk-throughs is a killer for me," he said. "And guys who are playing are scaled back; their bodies are banged up. My body feels fresh, so I have to push myself in the weight room [on other days]."
1-2:45 p.m.: Practice. After individual and group drills, McCoy is mostly a spectator as Cousins gets all the first-team reps. McCoy will run the scout team, which means four different series of five plays each, running another team's offense. That's his full-team work for the day.
When Cousins works with the starters, McCoy stands behind the offense and visualizes what he would do.
"In between periods, I'll pull off a couple guys and throw routes that are premier ones for us that week," he said. "Maybe they stand there for me and I just throw it."
After practice, players head to the locker room, which is then open to the media until 3:30 p.m. As McCoy heads in, he'll down a protein shake.
3:45-5 p.m.: Meetings. Cavanaugh, and sometimes McVay, will go over practice with the quarterbacks. McCoy calls Cavanaugh and McVay two of the "most detailed coaches I've been around," so there's a lot more note-taking.
5-6:30 p.m.: Film room. McCoy returns to where his work began, sitting alone and watching film. His goal is to stay ahead by focusing on what the coaches will go over the next day. On a typical Wednesday, that means watching the opponent's third downs to get ready for Thursday's practice. On a Thursday, he'll watch a lot of red zones.
Colt McCoy, left, goes over plays with Kirk Cousins during games to offer a different perspective. Nick Cammett/Getty Images
It's also more time to reflect, another chance to remind himself of other success stories. He has to make sure he doesn't become his own biggest opponent.
"I have a list of people like me who have come out on top," McCoy said. "I'm not comparing myself to these guys, but you look at a story like Steve Young, who didn't get his start in San Francisco until he was 31, and now he's in the Hall of Fame. There's story after story you can go to. Those are things I have to remind myself."
6:30-6:45 p.m.: Head home. On his 12-minute drive home, if he isn't talking on the phone, McCoy will listen once more to George Strait or Zac Brown.
"I turn it up really loud too," he said.
9:30 p.m.: Final work. McCoy keeps his family time sacred, wanting to spend it with his daughters: Sloan, who is 20 months old, and newborn Brooke. But before McCoy goes to bed, he practices play calls. If he doesn't, he could stumble over the verbiage in a game.
"I'm a visual learner," he said. "So I talk to myself, to the mirror or my wife."
Bedtime is no later than 10 p.m., and McCoy dreams of getting another chance at some point. He'll resume a similar schedule the next day, helping Cousins get ready and preparing in case something goes wrong.
"It's really frustrating," McCoy said. "But until you have that opportunity again -- it may never happen, but it might. If it does, then I know mentally I'm in the right place. You get this label, and I'm not the same guy I was. I'm healthy now. I have games under my belt. I'm on a great team. All those things are different. I have to keep that in the back of my head and keep working."
Pedro de Valdivia, founder of Santiago and Chile's first governor
Courtesy Embassy of Chile, Washington
Chile's first known European discoverer, Ferdinand Magellan, stopped there during his voyage on October 21, 1520. A concerted attempt at colonization began when Diego de Almagro, a companion of conqueror Francisco Pizarro, headed south from Peru in 1535. Disappointed at the dearth of mineral wealth and deterred by the pugnacity of the native population in Chile, Almagro returned to Peru in 1537, where he died in the civil wars that took place among the conquistadors.
The second Spanish expedition from Peru to Chile was begun by Pedro de Valdivia in 1540. Proving more persistent than Almagro, he founded the capital city of Santiago on February 12, 1541. Valdivia managed to subdue many northern Amerindians, forcing them to work in mines and fields. He had far less success with the Araucanians of the south, however.
Valdivia (1541-53) became the first governor of the captaincy general of Chile, which was the colonial name until 1609. In that post, he obeyed the viceroy of Peru and, through him, the king of Spain and his bureaucracy. Responsible to the governor, town councils known as cabildos administered local municipalities, the most important of which was Santiago, which was the seat of a royal audiencia (see Glossary) from 1609 until the end of colonial rule.
Seeking more precious metals and slave labor, Valdivia established fortresses farther south. Being so scattered and small, however, they proved difficult to defend against Araucanian attack. Although Valdivia found small amounts of gold in the south, he realized that Chile would have to be primarily an agricultural colony.
In December 1553, an Araucanian army of warriors, organized by the legendary Mapuche chief Lautaro (Valdivia's former servant), assaulted and destroyed the fort of Tucapel. Accompanied by only fifty soldiers, Valdivia rushed to the aid of the fort, but all his men perished at the hands of the Mapuche in the Battle of Tucapel. Valdivia himself fled but was later tracked down, tortured, and killed by Lautaro. Although Lautaro was killed by Spaniards in the Battle of Mataquito in 1557, his chief, Caupolicán, continued the fight until his capture by treachery and his subsequent execution by the Spaniards in 1558. The uprising of 1553-58 became the most famous instance of Araucanian resistance; Lautaro in later centuries became a revered figure among Chilean nationalists. It took several more years to suppress the rebellion. Thereafter, the Araucanians no longer threatened to drive the Spanish out, but they did destroy small settlements from time to time. Most important, the Mapuche held on to their remaining territory for another three centuries.
Despite inefficiency and corruption in the political system, Chileans, like most Spanish Americans, exhibited remarkable loyalty to crown authority throughout nearly three centuries of colonial rule. Chileans complained about certain policies or officials but never challenged the regime. It was only when the king of Spain was overthrown at the beginning of the nineteenth century that Chileans began to consider self-government.
Chileans resented their reliance on Peru for governance, trade, and subsidies, but not enough to defy crown authority. Many Chilean criollos (creoles, or Spaniards born in the New World) also resented domination by the peninsulares (Spaniards, usually officials, born in the Old World and residing in an overseas colony), especially in the sinecures of royal administration. However, local Chilean elites, especially landowners, asserted themselves in politics well before any movement for independence. Over time, these elites captured numerous positions in the local governing apparatus, bought favors from the bureaucracy, co-opted administrators from Spain, and came to exercise informal authority in the countryside.
Society in Chile was sharply divided along ethnic, racial, and class lines. Peninsulares and criollos dominated the tiny upper class. Miscegenation between Europeans and the indigenous people produced a mestizo population that quickly outnumbered the Spaniards. Farther down the social ladder were a few African slaves and large numbers of native Americans.
The Roman Catholic Church served as the main buttress of the government and the primary instrument of social control. Compared with its counterparts in Peru and Mexico, the church in Chile was not very rich or powerful. On the frontier, missionaries were more important than the Catholic hierarchy. Although usually it supported the status quo, the church produced the most important defenders of the indigenous population against Spanish atrocities. The most famous advocate of human rights for the native Americans was a Jesuit, Luis de Valdivia (no relation to Pedro de Valdivia), who struggled, mostly in vain, to improve their lot in the period 1593-1619.
Cut off to the north by desert, to the south by the Araucanians, to the east by the Andes Mountains, and to the west by the ocean, Chile became one of the most centralized, homogeneous colonies in Spanish America. Serving as a sort of frontier garrison, the colony found itself with the mission of forestalling encroachment by Araucanians and by Spain's European enemies, especially the British and the Dutch. In addition to the Araucanians, buccaneers and English adventurers menaced the colony, as was shown by Sir Francis Drake's 1578 raid on Valparaíso, the principal port. Because Chile hosted one of the largest standing armies in the Americas, it was one of the most militarized of the Spanish possessions, as well as a drain on the treasury of Peru.
Throughout the colonial period, the Spaniards engaged in frontier combat with the Araucanians, who controlled the territory south of the Río Bío-Bío (about 500 kilometers south of Santiago) and waged guerrilla warfare against the invaders. During many of those years, the entire southern region was impenetrable by Europeans. In the skirmishes, the Spaniards took many of their defeated foes as slaves. Missionary expeditions to Christianize the Araucanians proved risky and often fruitless.
Most European relations with the native Americans were hostile, resembling those later existing with nomadic tribes in the United States. The Spaniards generally treated the Mapuche as an enemy nation to be subjugated and even exterminated, in contrast to the way the Aztecs and the Incas treated the Mapuche, as a pool of subservient laborers. Nevertheless, the Spaniards did have some positive interaction with the Mapuche. Along with warfare, there also occurred some miscegenation, intermarriage, and acculturation between the colonists and the indigenous people.
Data as of March 1994
Toronto FC will be introducing Ryan Nelsen as the team's new head coach today in a press conference being held at BMO Field (10:30am).
The Nelsen hiring, first reported by Soccer By Ives on Monday, comes as a bit of a shock to some, but the link between Nelsen and Toronto FC president Kevin Payne is a strong one from their days at D.C. United. Nelsen helped lead D.C. United to the MLS Cup title in 2004.
Nelsen will be joined on the TFC coaching staff by new assistant Fran O'Leary, who most recently coached on college at Division III Bowdoin.
The biggest development from Tuesday's press conference is the news that Nelsen will continue playing for Queens Park Rangers for the foreseeable future, with the sense being that he would leave if/when QPR is officially relegated. This means Nelsen could theoretically miss early-season MLS matches. He will not be attending the MLS Combine or the MLS Draft.
Former TFC head coach Paul Mariner was officially let go earlier this morning.
What do you think of this development? See Nelsen succeeding? Think it's awkward that he will still keep playing for QPR?
Share your thoughts below.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
UTAH COUNTY --You've probably seen the YouTube video by now. In it, two Utah County men, both now former Boy Scout leaders, toppling a rock formation in Southern Utah.
Now they're facing criminal charges. The case is unique; the Emery County Attorney had to determine how much the rock formation was worth and how much damage was done. The value in the end was enough to charge the two men with felonies.
Video: Men topple 200-million-year-old 'Goblin' formation in Utah
Back in October, David Hall, one of the former scout leaders now facing a felony defended their actions.
"We'll take responsibility for that,” he said. “We teach our boys to be good scouts. We made a decision based on safety of the people around."
Emery County Attorney David Blackwell didn't see it that way, saying in the fall, "I think it might cause legislators to craft a law that might protect our state parks."
Since there's no state statute protecting state parks, Blackwell had to come up with the charge to fit the alleged crime.
"The county attorney today filed third-degree felony charges against both individuals," said Fred Hayes, who is the Director of the Division of Parks and Recreation.
Glenn Taylor was charged with criminal mischief and David Hall with aiding and assisting in criminal mischief. The damage to the ancient rock formation in Goblin Valley is estimated between $1,500 to $5,000, making the charges against the former Boy Scout leaders third-degree felonies.
"Certainly this is an unusual case,” Hayes said. “We hope that by the filing of the felony charges it's a deterrent for anybody else who thinks it's cool to deface or destroy state park property.”
Representative Dylan Prichard is introducing legislation which would make damaging or defacing a geological or natural feature in a state park a third-degree felony. The bill aligns with the Emery County Attorney's case and will be heard in a committee hearing this coming Monday at the State Capitol.
Meantime, FOX 13 News reached out to Dave Hall, who didn't want to comment on the story. We also left a message for Glenn Taylor but haven't heard back; but both will have their day in court, to defend themselves. That date hasn't been set yet.
* Prime minister had denounced controversial ban
* IMF says ready to assist with foreign exchange
* Economy on verge of bankruptcy (Recasts with central bank reversing trading ban)
By Natalia Zinets and Peter Graff
KIEV, Feb 25 (Reuters) - Ukraine's central bank unexpectedly banned most currency trading on Wednesday, only to abruptly reverse the decision overnight, causing havoc in the market for the plunging hryvnia.
The ban had been imposed in the morning, drawing a rebuke from Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk, and had been due to stay in place until the end of the week. But hours later, without giving any explanation, the bank did a sudden U-turn.
The earlier move had halted all trading between banks on behalf of their clients, which accounts for the overwhelming majority of official transactions in a market with turnover of hundreds of millions of dollars a day.
It also put the currency's true value in limbo throughout the day, with little or no trading taking place to set a price, before the bank jumped in to buy dollars before markets closed.
A separatist war in the east of the country has made it difficult to stabilise an economy on the verge of bankruptcy, and the hryvnia currency has already lost more than half its value so far this year after halving during all of 2014.
Clearly concerned about the situation, the International Monetary Fund on Wednesday said it was ready to help Ukraine with its foreign currency issues.
“IMF staff are in close contact with the National Bank of Ukraine and stand ready to assist in designing measures that will address excessive and temporary imbalances in the supply and demand for foreign exchange,” an IMF spokeswoman said in a statement released in Washington.
With only the bank buying dollars on Wednesday, the official exchange rate rose. But traders warned that demand for dollars had simply been pushed back, warning that this could drive the currency even lower once restrictions were removed.
At the market close, the central bank announced it had bought $80 million at an official rate of 28.046 to the dollar, close to the rate at the start of the week and 12.8 percent higher than the close after a plunge on Tuesday.
Earlier in the day it had offered to buy dollars at a rate that would have implied a hike of nearly a third in the hryvnia's value. It gave no explanation for the discrepancy.
EMERGENCY MEETING
Prime Minister Yatseniuk told a televised cabinet meeting that the ban was bad for the economy and criticised the bank for imposing it without consulting his government. He had found out about it in the morning from the Internet, he said.
After an emergency meeting convened by President Petro Poroshenko, the government then signalled support of a kind for the bank, with Finance Minister Natalia Yaresko joining bank chief Valeria Gontareva at a hastily-arranged news conference.
They said little about the ban, but both said the recent plunge in the currency was unfounded, predicting that Kiev's finances would stabilise within weeks when they expected to start receiving funds from an IMF bailout.
“There are no fundamental reasons for such a severe fall in the hryvnia rate. The central bank sees none, the government sees none, and the IMF sees none,” Gontareva said. “As soon as we start getting real help from our international sponsors ... we are looking into the future with perfect calm.”
Exporters in Ukraine are required to sell 75 percent of their hard currency income, helping to ensure there would be some supply when the central bank offered to buy dollars on Wednesday.
But traders said the restrictions would store up demand that would overwhelm the hryvnia once it was unleashed.
“So, they have halted trade until the end of the week. What happens then? Will the situation really improve? Where is the demand for currency going to go?” said a currency trader at one bank, speaking on condition of anonymity required by the employer and before the ban was unexpectedly lifted.
“On the contrary, it will just build up and will speed up the fall of the hryvnia next week.”
There were hopeful signs from the eastern front on Wednesday, however, with the army reporting its first day without combat fatalities since long before a ceasefire deal was due to take effect on Feb 15. Pro-Russian separatists who initially ignored the ceasefire to advance last week were now pulling heavy guns from the front, as required under the truce.
Exchange kiosks in Kiev, permitted to buy up to 3,000 hryvnias from members of the public, were offering dollars for 39 hryvnias, around 20 percent worse than rates advertised in the windows of commercial banks where dollars were simply unavailable.
A construction worker exchanging dollars at a kiosk in a grocery shop in return for a bag filled with thousands of hryvnias, laughed and told shoppers: “Soon we will have to walk around with suitcases for cash, like in the 1990s.”
There were no queues. A cashier at one central Kiev exchange booth said people were buying and selling only small amounts “when they really need to” because of the very high rates. (Additional reporting by Pavel Polityuk in Kiev and by Anna Yukhananov in Washington; Writing by Peter Graff; Editing by Crispian Balmer)
A Sudbury brewing company is looking for a new name for two of its beers after complaints from Saint John-based Moosehead Breweries.
Shawn Mailloux, the owner of Stack Brewing, had named his Imperial IPA “Angry Moose” and an India Pale Ale “Friendly Moose.”
Stack Brewing's Mailloux said the president of Moosehead called him to say the Saint John brewery has exclusive use of the word, "moose," when it comes to beer. (Stack Brewing/Facebook) The craft brewer's name choice, however, prompted a call from Moosehead Breweries.
He said Andrew Oland, the president of Moosehead Breweries, called him a couple of weeks ago to tell him the company has the sole rights to the word "moose" when it comes to beer in Canada.
“They also have spent a lot money in regards to trademarking the word, ‘moose,' in regards to beer and anything in relation to a moose in regards to beer. I'm not going to challenge him,” Mailloux said.
Mailloux said the Angry Moose and Friendly Moose brands are going to get new names. On Stack Brewing's website now, the word "moose" has been removed with only "Angry" and "Friendly" remaining.
The Stack Brewing president announced on his Facebook page that it was “a heavy heart” that he would change the names.
Stack's Angry Moose will get a new name on Dec. 18, according to Stack Brewing. (Stack Brewing/Facebook) “Canada is only home to one Moose and we will be going through a rebranding of Angry Moose and Friendly Moose,” he posted on Facebook.
“The brains at Stack are in a whirlwind right now with everything going on, but being from northern Ontario makes us a hardy bunch. We will survive. The name will be different but the beer will be the same.”
Mailloux said it will cost a lot to change the brand but he can't fight Moosehead on the issue.
Stack plans to announce the new names for its two beer brands on Dec. 18.
BRUSSELS, Belgium — Honeymoons are short for politicians in Europe these days.
Just four months after he was elected, France's Socialist President Francois Hollande saw his popularity ratings plummet 11 percent in September — almost equaling the record fall of Gen. Charles de Gaulle after he agreed to Algerian independence in 1962.
"It's often a turning point when the president falls below the 50 percent mark, and that's happened very quickly for François Hollande," says Frédéric Dabi, deputy director general of the polling agency Ifop, which showed Hollande' approval rating at 43 percent. "Our barometer reveals a post-election disappointment, a disenchantment."
In Spain, 84 percent of voters have little or no confidence in Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, according to one recent poll. That presumably that includes many who voted for him when his conservative party was swept to power last November with its best ever national election result.
The collapsing support for leaders elected with big margins just a few months ago is raising more fears that the prolonged economic crisis is stoking a dangerous dissatisfaction with mainstream politicians.
"With the vertical drop in prestige of political parties there is populism ... now openly attacking the establishment, and putting forward simple answers to complex questions," Roberto Toscano, senior research fellow at the Barcelona Center for International Affairs, said in an interview published Thursday on the think tank's web site.
In Greece, the failure of successive socialist, conservative, and non-elected technocratic governments to ease the economic pain as the country lurches toward a 6th year of recession has seen a surge in protests, street violence and support for political extremists. Latest polls show communist- and Nazi-inspired parties would come second and third in an election there.
Spain and Portugal have seen anti-government protests mounting in recent weeks, with protests turning violent in Madrid.
Political dissatisfaction in Spain is also being channeled toward nationalists in Catalonia who blame the region's economic woes on the Spanish government's "plundering" of their tax revenues.
The Separatists are expected to score well in next month's regional elections and and the head of Catalan regional government has promised a referendum on independence.
The Spanish government says that would be illegal, setting up a confrontation between the authorities in Madrid and Barcelona that is polarizing opinion.
One leading member of Rajoy's People's Party suggested last week that the government should consider dissolving the Catalan parliament and sending in the paramilitary Civil Guard to restore Madrid's control.
"If they persist with this rebellious stance, the government has to intervene, there can be no turning back," Alejo Vidal-Quadras, vice-president of the European Parliament, told a TV debate in Madrid.
Vidal-Quadras later said he was speaking "in an ironic tone," but his comments were widely denounced by Catalans as a throw back the oppression that followed the Spanish Civil War of the 1930s.
The crisis has also sparked demands for independence, or at least greater local control over tax revenues, in regions as far apart as Italy's Alpine South Tyrol to the Portuguese Madeira islands off the coast of North Africa.
In France, dissatisfaction with Hollande has not led to major poll swings toward the political extremes, but support has held up for the far right National Front and the radical Left Front whose leaders together took almost a fifth of votes in the May presidential elections.
Hollande is under attack from several sides as he struggles to cut France's budget deficit.
Left wingers are angry he hasn't taken on companies that have laid off workers or undone the austerity measures introduced by his conservative predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy. The right denounces tax hikes as a threat to business that will stifle hopes of recovery.
Tens-of-thousands took the streets of Paris on Sept. 30 in the biggest anti-austerity protest since Hollande's election; business leaders warn a new 75 percent tax on the wealthy risks driving some of the country's most successful entrepreneurs out of the country; members of his own Socialist Party are threatening a parliamentary revolt by voting next week against a European treaty on fiscal restraint which Hollande once promised to re-negotiate, but is now supporting.
Some of the most troublesome criticism is coming from a group of disgruntled, small business owners who've taken to the Internet to protest against planned tax rises. Calling themselves The Pigeons - pigeon is French slang for a patsy - their campaign went viral, earning 58,000 Facebook likes in a week.
"Entrepreneurs are not patsies, they are men and women capable of innovative ideas that create jobs and wealth," says the Pigeons' Facebook page. "Let the spirit of initiative grow, rather than trying to arbitrarily regulate everything."
Fearful of appearing anti-business, the government has backed down saying Friday said it would revise its plans for higher capital gains taxes. The Pigeons welcomed the announcement, but promised to remain "vigilant" on the government plans. Although they deny a wider political agenda, some are wondering if their movement could develop into a French-style Tea Party.
In the midst of the backlash against so-many governments, the politician vilified by many in southern Europe as responsible for prolonging the crisis appears to be ever-more popular in her homeland.
Support in Germany for Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic party is higher than at any time since the crisis began, according to a survey released Friday for the ARD television network.
Merkel remains the Germany's most popular politician with a 67-percent approval rating, followed by her Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble — an ardent defender of southern austerity — with 64 percent.
When the NFL concussion settlement was announced nearly four months ago, the more than 4,500 players who had sued the league were assured that no part of the $765 million deal would go to lawyers.
But a recent dispute involving the players' lead negotiator confirms that not only was that statement misleading, some lawyers stand to receive multiple paydays, according to documents and emails obtained by "Outside the Lines."
The development comes as the settlement drags into its 16th week, still without preliminary approval from the federal judge overseeing the case. And while "Outside the Lines" has learned that preliminary approval could come soon, interviews with attorneys and former players find growing discontent on multiple fronts, including the unusually long delay delivering the case to the judge and a veil of secrecy that continues to shield basic information from the plaintiffs.
The latest concerns are that negotiators may reward themselves at the expense of injured athletes.
The dispute arose when Christopher Seeger, the players' lead negotiator, tried to arrange an agreement to receive a 10 percent cut of any money awarded to a 79-year-old former NFL player, Billy Kinard. Seeger quickly withdrew the proposal after the player's attorney challenged it by calling the arrangement "most troubling" and suggesting that Seeger was inappropriately using his position to benefit financially.
Seeger is among a select group of attorneys on the plaintiffs' executive committee -- lawyers appointed by the judge to negotiate with the NFL. His firm, Seeger Weiss LLP, is in line to receive a significant portion of a "common fund" paid for by the league and specifically created to cover legal fees. That fund could exceed $100 million and is apart from the $765 million announced in August.
The creation of the fund raised concerns that some lawyers would engage in "double-dipping" -- drawing money from both the common fund and separate fee agreements and potentially siphoning millions of dollars from the pool of money allotted to injured players.
Early Monday afternoon, "Outside the Lines" reported that legal experts said the issue was likely to draw the attention of federal judge Anita Brody. A few hours later, Brody issued an order stating she had appointed a special master to assist her in evaluating the "financial aspects" of the proposed settlement. She said the "appointment is warranted by the expected financial complexity of the proposed settlement."
Brody wrote that the special master's tasks "will include, but are not limited to, financial analysis of any agreements reached by counsel to the parties."
"We are pleased that Judge Brody has appointed Mr. Golkin as Special Master and we look forward to working with him, and continuing to work with the Court, as we seek prompt preliminary approval of the settlement agreement," Seeger and lead NFL attorney Brad Karp said in a joint statement Monday night. "We will proceed on any schedule that the Court directs."
The case involving Kinard underscores one of the settlement's complexities. The former player's lawyer, Sam Franklin, said that after reviewing the fee agreement he became worried that Seeger Weiss, as lead counsel, was trying to extract money from Kinard on top of what the firm would receive from the common fund.
"That's what's wrong: It's double-dipping, getting paid by the defendant and getting an additional 10 percent by each client you sign up," said Franklin, an Alabama class action attorney. "I've never seen anything like this."
Franklin sent a letter to Seeger demanding an explanation and asking pointedly: "On what basis do you believe your firm at this stage can propose an engagement to represent class members in seeking benefits from the claims process, including a fee of 10 percent plus a share of 'common expenses?'"
Franklin also asked Seeger how many clients he had signed up on that basis since the settlement was announced.
Seeger did not answer those questions in an email back to Franklin. He responded that his firm had agreed to represent Kinard "for the reduced fee of 10 percent." He added: "Although we absolutely reject your suggestions and assumptions of anything inappropriate, we will not be executing a retainer with your client, Mr. Kinard." Seeger offered to represent Kinard for free. Kinard declined the offer.
In a statement provided to "Outside the Lines," Seeger wrote: "Seeger Weiss is not representing any new plaintiffs, from when the settlement was announced on Aug. 29, on a fee arrangement. A small number of plaintiffs were mistakenly offered a retainer agreement after approaching Seeger Weiss for representation post-announcement. After learning of this error, we notified these plaintiffs and agreed to continue representing them for no fee."
It is unclear how many lawyers could be engaged in double-dipping and how many players might be affected. Most lawyers involved in the case have separate fee agreements with players; in some cases, those agreements call for the players to pay as much as one-third of any money they recover to their attorneys. Some of those lawyers also would be in line to collect from the common fund.
Wedding frolics, music concerts and basketball - in a war-torn country.
The Syrian conflict has killed more than 250,000, displaced millions and prompted a wave of refugees to neighbouring countries, Europe and elsewhere. The scale of the devastation is so massive that it might seem surprising that there are places inside the country that look mostly untouched by war.
One of those places is Latakia, in the northwest of the country and a stronghold of the Alawite sect - the same group that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his family belong to. The fighting is not far away, and thousands of people fleeing from elsewhere have arrived there, swelling the population and straining local services. But on Instagram, Latakia is still a place where a very different culture is visible. Searches for photos tagged Latakia (also spelled Lattakia) show beaches, nightclubs and idyllic scenes.
Follow BBC Trending on Facebook
Join the conversation on this and other stories here.
One of Latakia's most prolific photographers is Ashraf Zeinah. He has nearly 2,000 Instagram followers and 18,000 more on Facebook, and he spoke to BBC Trending about the stories behind some of the most striking photographs he's shared.
Image copyright Ashraf Zeinah Image caption "During a wedding photo shoot I saw some people playing and jumping," Zeinah says. "One waved from me to shoot pictures of them. I had to apologise to the bride and groom." Several of the boys in the photo, he says, were from Aleppo and other parts of Syria that have seen heavy fighting, and had fled to Latakia for their safety. "You can feel the happiness of the kids. These photos give me some hope."
Listen to BBC Trending Radio
Hear more on this story - and more from the Trending team - on BBC World Service radio. Stream the programme or download our podcast.
Image copyright Ashraf Zeinah Image caption "This was a big concert several days ago in the theatre here in Latakia," Zeinah says. "The show is planning to go to Damascus." Before the war started, he travelled around Syria photographing architectural sites, work that has ended because of the fighting. He now takes pictures of weddings and other public events such as this one.
Image copyright Ashraf Zeinah Image caption The photographer told these basketball players to wear uniforms with "Syria" written on them. "It was my idea," Zeinah says. "I used to photograph basketball and soccer teams here in Latakia before the crisis. I have friendships with some of the players. I decided to take them to a Roman theatre near Latakia. My idea was to let people outside Syria know about real life here."
Image copyright Ashraf Zeinah Image caption "This is a homeless man in a garden here in Latakia" he says. "I think he may have been drunk. He was sad and unhappy. I asked him if I could take his photo, he agreed on one condition - that I pay him. But could I get him to smile? No way."
Image copyright Ashraf Zeinah Image caption Despite the happy moments he's paid to capture on film, the war is never far away. Zeinah says he makes frequent trips to camps to photograph people who've fled the conflict, including the sleeping child above. "Latakia is not affected directly, but we are suffering from a lot of other things," he says, including power cuts and strained public services. Despite the war, Zeinah says he wants to remain in Syria and continue taking photos.
Blog by Mike Wendling
Next story: The teenage boy who lived, became famous, and was memorialised online
Image copyright Bratayley YouTube channel
The death of a young YouTube star was mourned by thousands of his fans - so what drives people to share their entire lives online? READ MORE
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending, and find us on Facebook. All our stories are at bbc.com/trending.
Former NRL Head Coach Steve Price today officially joined the Sharks coaching staff as NRL Assistant Coach.
With a wealth of NRL experience, Price is set to become a valuable addition to Shane Flanagan's coaching team.
“Steve is a great addition to our staff and I'm certainly looking forward to having him as my assistant coach and to working alongside him,” Flanagan said. “He was an NRL assistant for a long period before stepping up into a Head coaching role and his experience and knowledge will be invaluable for us.
“Steve's appointment complements the other staff changes, which has included the appointment of High Performance Coach Andrew Gray and a skilled training and medical staff.”
A local Sutherland Shire resident, Price was excited about the new challenge at the Sharks.
“I'm excited about the opportunity and to be working with Shane, his staff and the playing group here at the Sharks,” Price said. “Shane is looking to implement cultural change and I'm keen to be a part of that.”
Price began his coaching career at the Dragons with the Jersey Flegg under 20's back in 2002, before graduating to the Premier League and Toyota Cup 20's sides before being appointed an NRL Assistant coach in 2010. Price was elevated to the position of Head Coach in 2012, where he was at the helm for 58 NRL games at the St George Illawarra Club.
Price joins Flanagan, James Shepherd, and Gray as senior members of the Sharks coaching team, with Shepherd to also take on the role of coach of the Sharks Under-20's NYC team.
His appointment was effective immediately, with Price casting a watchful eye over day one of the Sharks pre-season as the playing group went through the various testing procedures.
Last week on Reddit, bputano posted a comprehensive list of 47 coffee cocktails from instagram. Hunting through the list, I was delighted to see that I'd never encountered most of the drinks. The Woken Cadaver caught my eye: coffee, chocolate, and an amaro? It looked like manna from heaven: my wife's an amaro-fiend - and her relationship with both coffee and chocolate borders on what can be best described as an unhealthy obsession. And I forgot to book Valentine's Day reservations (a fact which my wife seems incapable of disremembering), so hey, this was well worth a shot.
Another bonus: it didn't look like a pain in the ass. Infusing Campari with cacao nibs takes an hour and some coffee needs to be brewed for the coffee simple syrup (fast becoming a favorite ingredient since making it), but it's doable and I had the ingredients on hand.
The Cadaver was created by bartender Chad Combs, bartender at Sticks and Stones, a ramen and cocktail bar that's set to open (at the time of writing) in Saskatoon, a cold Canadian city with a surprisingly vibrant restaurant and cocktail scene. The drink is shockingly good. Not too sweet, not too spirit-forward, and with rich coffee and dark chocolate flavor that plays well with the bitter Campari. For the coffee I went with a dark Amaretto blend and for gin, I ended up using St. Georges' neutral Faultline Gin because I ran out of the Beefeater that the original recipe calls for. For fun, I tried a version with the St. Georges' Terroir gin, but the botanicals didn't meld well with the coffee flavors.
So thank you Chad Combs. The drink is brilliant... and I'm still married!
Also, word to the wise, I think there's a shitload of caffeine, so it's a great way to jumpstart your morning.
Larry Wilmore (Comedy Central)
Larry Wilmore ridiculed Donald Trump's clumsy and disingenuous attempts to appeal to evangelical Christian voters.
The Republican frontrunner spoke Monday at Liberty University, where he bragged that he had set a record for attendance for a convocation speech — which students are required to attend.
Trump also bragged this week in a TV interview that he had “a very great relationship with God,” but he declined to specify any favorite Bible verses and could not decide whether he preferred the Old Testament or the New Testament.
“Am I the only one seeing how transparent this is?” Wilmore said. “You've never read the Bible, Donald Trump. Come on, if Trump ever even touched a Bible, it sizzled.”
Wilmore also mocked Trump for pandering to Christians by reading a verse from 2 Corinthians — which he incorrectly pronounced “Two Corinthians” instead of “Second Corinthians” — and he also misidentified the university as Liberty College before correcting himself.
“There is so much wrong with that,” Wilmore lamented. “You know what I love about this? He doesn't even know how wrong ‘Two Corinthians' sounds. When people laugh, he acts like he's the originator of that mysterious joke.”
Wilmore offered a non-religious analogy to explain just how wrong Trump was.
“Let's say you're a big ‘Star Wars' fan, and someone comes to speak to your ‘Star Wars' group,” he said. “They say they're a huge ‘Star Wars' fan, that they have a great relationship with ‘Star Wars.' Then they say, ‘I want to talk about the farce — we're all strong with the farce, right? That's what you guys like, the farce? I know you're laughing because you love the farce — who doesn't love the farce? The farce is strong with Luther Vandross Skywalker, right?'”
Wilmore despaired as Trump repeatedly promoted his book, “The Art of the Deal” — which the real estate tycoon and reality TV star placed as second only to the Bible.
“Please stop him from talking, I can't take it anymore,” Wilmore said. “Come on God, are you out of lightning bolts?”
Wilmore then adopted the style of an evangelical minister to beg conservative Christians not to let Trump “close the deal” with them.
“You'll be forgiven for supporting Ted Cruz or ‘black Droopy the Dog,'” he said, referring to Ben Carson. “But you'll never be forgiven for supporting this troll.”
Watch the entire segment posted online by Comedy Central:
Assassin's Creed Unity has had a troublesome road so far as we've detailed previously, but when they modified the Season Pass by making Dead Kings DLC Free and stopped selling it they announced those who had already bought it (either standalone or with the gold version), would get a free game.
The free game, a choice between some premium titles from Ubisoft, has on its list: The Crew, Far Cry 4, Watchdogs, Assassin's Creed Black Flag, Rayman Legends, and Just Dance 2015. However, like many things that seem to come for free, the new Assassin's Creed: Unity Redemption site has a catch – in the legal terms. I'll quote the relevant section out below, but what it means in short is that you can't sue or join any class action suite against Ubisoft or gain anything from any such proceedings that may occur.
You hereby irrevocably and unconditionally RELEASE, WAIVE, AND FOREVER DISCHARGE AND COVENANT NOT TO SUE Ubisoft Entertainment S.A., and each of its past, present and future divisions, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors and assigns, together with all of their respective past, present and future employees, officers, shareholders, directors and agents, and those who give recommendations, directions, or instructions or engage in risk evaluation or loss control activities regarding the Campaign (all for the purposes herein referred to as “Released Parties”) FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY TO YOU, your assigns, heirs, and next of kin FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, CHARGES, LAWSUITS, DEBTS, DEFENSES, ACTIONS OR CAUSES OF ACTION, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSS OF SERVICE, COMPENSATION, PAIN AND SUFFERING, ATTORNEYS' FEES, AND COST AND EXPENSES OF SUIT, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE PURCHASE, ACQUISITION, RENTAL, POSSESSION AND/OR USAGE, AND/OR THE INTENT TO PURCHASE, ACQUIRE, RENT, POSSESS AND/OR USE, THE ASSASSIN'S CREED UNITY VIDEO GAME AND/OR THE ASSASSIN'S CREED UNITY SEASON PASS ON ANY AND ALL PLATFORMS, AND/OR RELATED TO THE CAMPAIGN, WHETHER CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF THE RELEASED PARTIES OR OTHERWISE.
We point this out so that you know and don't just skip pass the legal terms as many times happen when going through such things. You can go to the redemption site here (note you'll need to log on with uplay and such).
What do you think of these terms from Ubisoft? Do you think there is likely to be legal action resulting from the launch of Assassin's Creed: Unity? Sounds off in the comments below!
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
Tokyo police have arrested a man after finding "multiple" dismembered bodies in coolers in his apartment in a city southwest of the capital.
The 27-year-old suspect, Takahiro Shiraishi, confessed to cutting up the bodies and hiding them in cold-storage cases, covered with cat litter, a police spokesman said Tuesday.
Investigators found the bodies while searching for a 23-year-old woman who had disappeared, the spokesman said. He did not give his name, in line with police policy.
The national broadcaster NHK and other media said police believed the bodies of eight women and one man were hidden in the apartment. The missing woman is thought to be one of them.
They said the woman had contacted the man via social media seeking someone for a suicide pact.
Local media said police first found the severed heads of two victims in coolers in the apartment's entryway. The reports cited the man's neighbors as saying they had notice foul smells near the apartment.
By Timothy Fitzpatrick
While surfing the net for photos of Alex Jones tonight, I came across a photo on his Infowars donation page that immediately reminded me of a photo of Israeli intelligence director for Stratfor George Friedman published in a news article in The Daily Telegraph February 28, 2012.
The wall maps behind the two characters look identical, except for a small set of red lines, which appear to have been drawn in by felt markers, located through South Africa on the Friedman photo. The Jones photo appears older, as Jones is slightly younger looking than he appears today. The WayBack Machine's web archive shows a screen capture of the Jones photo as far back as July 2011; although, the photo is probably older than that. While the Telegraph photo caption doesn't specify the location of the Friedman photo, it's safe to assume that it was taken at Stratfor's downtown Austin, Texas office located at 221 West 6th Street, Suite 400.
Here are the photos separated:
And here is how the photo appears on Jones' donate page as of August 24, 2013:
Connecting the dots
For years, many have speculated that the charismatic alternative radio host Jones was a Zionist shill working for Israeli intelligence. Since both Stratfor, an Israeli intelligence operation, and Infowars are located just blocks apart in Austin, Texas, could this be proof that Jones is indeed working for Stratfor? As I wrote in The growing complexity of Alex Jones' Israeli connections, an observant patriot who goes by the name of Sherrie Lea, revealed in a Youtube video last November that Infowars had hired a former Stratfor intern named Molly Maroney. She is now editor of Infowars magazine. Investigative journalist David Chase Taylor was the first to connect the dots between Alex Jones and Stratfor in an article posted at his blog on February 12, 2012—two weeks before The Telegraph posted its article exposing Stratfor and the CIA—as well as an article in May 2012.
Too many coincidences!
Related Articles:
Is Alex Jones externalizing the hierarchy?
The growing complexity of Alex Jones' Israeli Connections
False opposition Mark Dice returns to the InfoWhores fold
Alex Jones follows in the footsteps of Vladimir Zhirinovsky
Alex Jones promotes Zionist heretics Jeffrey and Missler
Hypocrite Alex Jones as fake as Obama when crying
Illuminati Agents – Series IV
Jewish mathematician caught editing Alex Jones Wikipedia page
Invisible Empire references NWO 140 times ad nauseum, not one mention of Zionism
Get the Recipe Easy No-Knead Olive-Rosemary Focaccia With Pistachios
More The Vegan Experience It's not just great vegan food, it's great food, period.
It's difficult to make good bread today, but it's darned easy to make hot, fresh, world-class bread tomorrow. You see that slab of focaccia above? The one covered with olives, rosemary, and pistachio? The one with the crisp, olive oil-scented crust and the puffy, moist, well-risen internal crumb with just the right amount of tender chew? All of that can be coming directly out of your own home oven. But tomorrow, not today.
The method for this focaccia is largely based on my foolproof pan pizza. The crux of it is a highly hydrated, no-knead, no-stretch dough. That's right. Zero kneading, zero stretching. It's just about the easiest bread you can imagine making. All it takes is a bit of time.
There's nothing new about no-knead dough. It's a technique that was developed by Jim Lahey of Sullivan Street Bakery and popularized by Mark Bittman of the New York Times way back in 2007. The basic premise is simple: mix together your dough ingredients in a bowl just until they're combined, cover it, and let time take care of the rest. For this focaccia, we're talking flour, salt, yeast, and water. That's it.
(P.S. to make this recipe even faster and more accurate, make sure you use an accurate digital scale like this one from OXO to measure your ingredients into a bowl instead of relying on fiddly cup measures.)
So how does it all work? Flour naturally contains enzymes that will break down large proteins into smaller ones. Imagine those enzymes as teeny-tiny wire cutters that cut those jumbled balls of protein wire into shorter pieces. The shorter the pieces are, they easier it is to untangle them, and the easier it is to then align them and link them up into a good, strong network of gluten. No-knead dough recipes take advantage of this fact.
Typically, gluten networks are formed through kneading. Mechanical action causes those proteins to link up. With a no-knead dough, over the course of an overnight sit at room temperature, those enzymes get to work breaking down proteins. Meanwhile, yeast starts to consume sugars in the flour, releasing carbon dioxide gas in the process. These bubbles of gas will cause the dough to start stretching and, in the process, will jostle and align the enzyme-primed proteins, thereby creating gluten.
Simply allowing the dough to sit overnight will create a gluten network at least as strong (if not stronger!) than a dough that has been kneaded in a mixer or by hand, all with pretty much zero effort. Indeed, the flavor produced by letting yeast do its own thing over the course of that night will also be superior to that of any same-day dough. Win-win!
Other than time, the only real key to a successful no-knead dough is high hydration. Specifically, the water content should be at least 60% of the weight of the flour you use. Luckily, high hydration also leads to superior hole structure upon baking. I go for about 65%.
Once the dough is done with its overnight rest, I turn it out of the bowl onto a lightly floured surface, form it into a ball, then plop it right into a 12-inch cast iron skillet that's been well-greased with plenty of extra-virgin olive oil, and turn the ball until it's coated in oil. Then I cover the pan with plastic wrap and set it aside. Cast iron works best here since it's oven safe and will transmit heat to the bottom of the bread at a moderate pace, ensuring that the bottom doesn't burn before the rest is cooked through (you can also place the skillet directly on a burner after it comes out of the oven if you want the bottom to be crisper).
Meanwhile, the olive oil actually performs two functions. First, it allows the dough to relax and expand freely without sticking to the bottom of the pan. This is where the no-stretch element comes in. As the yeast gets to work for a second time, the dough slowly expands. Because it's so well-hydrated and rested, it's quite slack. Instead of growing upwards, it grows sideways, filling out the pan to the edges over the course of about two hours.
Second, the olive oil is what will give your focaccia its signature crisp, nearly fried bottom crust, all while packing it with flavor.
After the dough has stretched, the rest is easy. I place sliced pitted olives and whole fresh rosemary leaves on top of it along with a handful of lightly crushed pistachios, then drizzle it all with some more olive oil and sprinkle it with coarse sea salt.
To get the olives and pistachios to stick, I press them down into the dough, dimpling the surface of the dough in the process. This dimpling is a traditional feature of focaccia as well. At this stage, you'll probably see a few thin-walled bubbles poking up through the dough. It's a good idea to pop these—otherwise they'll expand like balloons in the oven, disturbing the toppings and eventually charring and burning.
For the best texture, you want that oven hot. I'm talking 550°F. The idea is to maximize oven spring—the initial bout of rapid rising that the bread goes through when you pop it in the oven. Oven spring occurs because gases trapped inside the dough expand upon being heated before the protein structure has a chance to firm up. The hotter the oven, the better the spring.
A hot oven also gives you the chance to form these:
Micro-blisters, as I call them. The teeny tiny bubbles of expanded dough that dot the surface of good bread, giving it extra crunch and flavor.
In just about 20 minutes, you've got yourself hot, fresh, flavor-packed bread with a tender, stretchy crumb and a crazy-crisp crust.
I think I actually exaggerated about the amount of work this takes. Ten minutes, tops.
I predict many of you will be eating bread tomorrow and perhaps a sandwich on Wednesday.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Back in February 2016, Industrial Toys' CEO Tim Harris decided it was time to spin off a new studioto work on a brand-new game.
Titled Exiles of Embermark, the game was pitched as a 60-second RPG with PvP mechanics and a deep story dictated by the players themselves.
We spoke with Harris not long after he established the new studio to find out what he had in mind for the game. But six months is a long time in mobile game development and a lot has happened in that time.
You can keep track of the game's progress on its Twitter, Tumblr, and various other social media accounts, but we decided to have a chat with the man himself about what's going on at his new company Gunslinger Studios.
PocketGamer.biz: It's been six months since we last spoke to you about Exiles of Embermark – how happy are you with your progress on the game since then?
Tim Harris: I'm crazy insane stupid happy. We're a smallish crew at Gunslinger, but we're hungry and evil.
We share a lot of detail out there, so you can see how the game has gone from some interesting ideas and assumptions to a full experience that has a look, gameplay style and setting that should get under some players' skin, and seems to be resonating with our early community.
What would you say is the biggest addition you've made to the game since we last spoke?
I think that's a tie between the evolution of our competitive plus organised play and our narrative system.
From the days when we were playing "wouldn't it be cool if" to now, the PVP system has been changing and getting more interesting.
Our core belief that players want an RPG that lets them bash each other and then, win or lose, take a meaningful step forward in a fantasy setting is still at the centre of our design - I wrote a rant about that here - and the implications of our one minute gameplay have taken on a life of their own.
We'll have the type of PVP options you'd expect – with both normal and ranked matchmaking, but our short sessions mean that events can be executed within pretty short timeframes.
That means that rolling tournaments, challenges and two-man-enter-one-man-leaves melees all become not just playable, but watchable too.
The narrative system is developing into potentially the most interesting thing we're doing with Exiles.
And by "interesting" I mean that it could be the coolest thing ever or a total disaster, and we're excited about that.
Players will have a lot of choices in the game, and many of them will affect the narrative. Some of these choices are ones they'll make every session such as what Quests to undertake, what types of PVP they'll engage with and which events they participate in.
Periodically, they'll also have some qualitative choices - think "Choose Your Own Adventure" - where they have to ask themselves why they're choosing what they're choosing.
All of those choices will affect the way each Season progresses in the game - as of now, a Season is a month of real-time. We'll choose what events open up, what storylines progress and what happens to the global population in Embermark.
Being a "someone", like the Paragon of House Ronin, will be within a player's grasp. Some of this will be reported on in the game and some will show up in the prose of our partner app, Bound, where we'll present the story in episodic chunks.
It's glorious in my own mind right now, but players will have to guide us on how effective this storytelling method actually is.
I reject outright the idea that mobile games can't foster a vibrant community that rallies around the game.
The good news is that we're building the system to translate lots of inputs into the story, and we have a rich lore to build on that players will hopefully find exciting.
How has the community around the game grown over the last six months?
We made a conscious choice at the beginning of Exiles development to take a community-first approach.
We'd share, ask, collaborate and make development choices that were directly influenced by the community.
I reject outright the idea that mobile games can't foster a vibrant community that rallies around the game the way so many communities do on other platforms.
Around April of this year, we branched from centering everything around our own forums to a more natural "where you wanna be" approach that has worked great. Now you can get content of different types in most of the usual social channels, forums, Reddit, etc. and it differs by channel.
Every community around content has different members who engage at multiple levels. We have some who we talk to literally every single day, and some we hear from once a month. And we have our lurkers who never say anything.
And that's awesome. I'm one, or all of, those people depending on what game, comic or another obsession I'm invested in.
The community has grown a ton in the past few months and it's continuing to gain momentum, which we're pumped up about.
We're working on tools to empower it to do all sorts of things, from organising itself to communicating to delivering meaningful feedback that helps shape the game.
You've been very open about the game's development in blogs and social media posts – has feedback from the community shaped the game at all?
Definitely. The Exiles community has been with the game every step of the way and is having an effect on pretty much every aspect, from art and UI to the narrative system in the game and the lore itself.
One player's character already has a guaranteed mention somewhere in the Exiles lore and will be explicitly called out.
Another is already woven into the ranks of an order of Mages that didn't escape from the continent of Embermark when everything was going wrong and then had to survive for thousands of years. If he's reading this, that player now knows who he is.
We regularly post and share equipment, monsters, and ideas for feedback from the community, and there's a constant conversation amongst the dev team about that feedback.
Just today, we let the community decide which dagger silhouette from the art team we'd pursue. Recently, we had the community start asking about how our endgame systems would work, so we started sharing information way before we'd expected to.
The Exiles community has been with the game every step of the way and is having an effect on pretty much every aspect.
Given the fact that the community is always coming up with things that we wouldn't ourselves, we started what we call a "Design Quest" in the game's forums that's a full-on collaboration with the community to design a Zone within the worldmap of Embermark.
They're actively coming up with the history, flora, fauna, and current activity within that Zone and deciding amongst themselves which ideas are the strongest.
We'll then incorporate that Zone into the PVE experience of the game along with some hidden shoutouts to those who contributed.
Another way the community is shaping the game is something that I'm personally very excited about - they're independently creating additional functionality for the community themselves.
Players are building the subreddit for the game. Our open live chat on Discord is always hopping and a player-coded the bot that we use on our server to do everything from "rolling dice" to organising chat events. That stuff fills me with righteous magicks.
Your blogs focus mostly on the game's content, but what kind of monetisation strategies are you currently looking at for when you release the game?
Exiles is about competitive multiplayer and developing a character over time into someone who can withstand the rigors of a sometimes hostile fantasy world.
Which means there will be a need for lots of powerful and different loot. And we're making a tonne.
Concept art for the various tiers of Mage armour
Most of the collecting aspects and arms race aspects of the game are centred around loot. We're big fans of offering what we consider to be real value to folks who buy things within our games.
When you buy stuff, you should get stuff. That means things you own and can use in whatever way you like.
Our monetisation is centred around that – you can buy chests and keys, which give you distributions of differently tiered loot that you can also find/earn in the game.
You can also enter events for money, which will always return right around that currency amount in loot/goods/crafting materials etc., regardless of how you perform.
When players start making content about the game, it gives the community something to get into.
Are there any lessons from the launch of Midnight Star: Renegade that you'll be taking into account as you continue on the development of Exiles?
I think it reinforced how watching/viewing/learning about a game contributes to ongoing interest from different types of players.
Although a shooter, Renegade had people streaming on Twitch or broadcasting the game on YouTube and that generated not only additional player interest, but tonnes of content about the game that wasn't made by the developers.
That's a key differentiator for any game that achieves ongoing enthusiasm. When players start making content about the game, it gives the community something to get into that isn't being presented to them directly by the creators.
We want to help that process in every way we can.
Is there any word on when Exiles of Embermark might be released?
I don't have a launch window just yet, but we will begin closed user testing in the next month or two, and look to go into soft launch/beta early next year. Players wanting an invitation to all of that can register on our forums.
Once we can see the light at the end of the tunnel, we'll share a launch window. And then things will get ridiculous.
A NEW employee once asked Marc Rich for advice on trading. He expected, perhaps, “Buy low, sell high”, or “Think long-term”. Or perhaps, given Mr Rich's habit of going to the office at daybreak, “Up with the lark”. Instead, Mr Rich picked up a knife and ran a finger across the edge. “As a trader you often walk on the blade,” he said softly. “Be careful and don't step off.”
Few walked it more skilfully than Mr Rich. Obsessively, he scanned the globe to see crises coming, wars brewing, shortages looming. He bought before anyone else did, and was first there when countries began to look round for oil or zinc or nickel. After the Korean war, as a mere junior trader at Philipp Brothers in New York, he created a market in mercury, which the army needed for batteries. The price soared. From the late 1960s, somehow anticipating the Arab oil-export embargo, he began to create a spot market for oil. Previously, all crude was tied up by the big companies in inelastic long-term contracts. Starting in Tunisia, Mr Rich began to buy and sell it for immediate delivery, like any other commodity. When the embargo bit after 1973 he was swimming in oil when the majors were struggling, and was able to sell it at a mark-up of as much as $14 a barrel. Some called that profiteering. Mr Rich called it a service charge. He could have demanded more, but that would have been “like taking candy from a baby”.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
A free agent in this exhilarating new market, he went from strength to strength. Turning on his insistent, feline charm, he sought out buyers and sellers while his partner Pinky Green arranged shipping. It was a winning combination, forged at Philipp Brothers but soon outgrowing it. In 1974 the two of them, peeved that their bonuses were still so small, left to form Marc Rich + Co. The main office was in Zug in safe, secret Switzerland, no questions asked.
From there, with cat-like tread, Mr Rich found his way round any political or moral obstacle. He sold Soviet oil to apartheid South Africa, despite a UN embargo, and between 1979 and 1994 made profits of around $2 billion there. He sent Soviet and Venezuelan oil to Cuba in exchange for sugar, ignoring America's ban on trade. He sold on the global market surplus Iranian oil that had flowed to Israel down a secret pipeline, and kept the arrangement going seamlessly despite the Iranian revolution of 1979, another embargo, and the American hostage crisis. The Iranians respected their contracts, he explained. They could not sell their oil, so he bought and sold it for them, using shell companies wherever necessary. Keeping well below the radar, as he always did, he was soon the world's largest independent oil-trader, with a turnover in 1980 of $15 billion.
Then he stepped off the knife-blade. In 1980-81 he violated America's domestic oil-price controls by relabelling Texas crude from old fields as new-found, jacking up the price by as much as 400%. He made profits of $105m and shipped them abroad, avoiding taxes of $48m. Once federal prosecutors were after him for that, they charged him with 64 other crimes, including racketeering and “trading with the enemy”. In 1983 he fled to Switzerland with his family, having also tried to spirit away two trunks of subpoenaed business papers.
The outsider
Thereafter he became a fugitive, a star of the FBI's most-wanted list. He remained—until 1994, when he sold his stake and his company became the vast, tentacular Glencore—the world's biggest trader of metals and minerals, while darting between Spain, Switzerland and Israel, a citizen of all three. In Marbella or St Moritz, beside a $9.5m swimming pool or among his Braques and Picassos, with a fortune estimated at $2.5 billion, he reconciled himself to exile. His father died in America; he had to say kaddish down the telephone. You cry a little, you move on.
In his own mind he was shy, modest and innocent of everything. American embargoes, he maintained, did not apply to companies based in Switzerland. Bribes, such as the $1m he gave to Nigeria's transport minister, were paid “in order to be able to do business at the same price as other people were willing to do the business”. Getting round the price controls on oil from old fields was something many of the oil majors had done, too; but only he was faced with criminal prosecution for it.
Why? Perhaps, he mused, because he was Jewish, always the outsider: the refugee boy from Belgium who changed schools so often that he had no friends and hardly talked to anyone. Perhaps because he loved Israel more than America, showering it with money for good causes, helping to airlift Jews from Ethiopia and Yemen, and giving Mossad's agents contacts in Iran. Or perhaps just because he was making an awful lot of money. He always saw profit where others didn't care, or dare, to look; he got that from his father, who had started in business by peddling round Antwerp pieces of fabric and scrap metal that factories had thrown away.
In 2001 Bill Clinton pardoned him, his hand pushed by the Israeli prime minister, the king of Spain, an ex-head of Mossad and Mr Rich's ex-wife Denise, who had given generously to the Clinton library and to Democratic campaigns. The president later regretted his action, calling it “terrible politics”. Mr Rich, oblivious to politics, would have called it good business.
Samsung Electronics announced the commercial launch of two new color editions of the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge. Launched globally on April 10th, Samsung's Galaxy S6 and S6 edge smartphones redefined what's next in mobility. In addition to the already available colors including White Pearl, Black Sapphire and Gold Platinum options, the long-awaited Blue Topaz Galaxy S6 and Green Emerald Galaxy S6 edge are available to consumers now.
Creating a new standard for design, craftsmanship and performance, Samsung's newest flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 edge smartphones seamlessly blend premium materials with the most advanced Samsung technology to offer consumers an unmatched mobile experience in unique colors and materials.
“The Blue Topaz Galaxy S6 represents the perfect fashion accessory for style-conscious consumers looking for a vibrant, expressive and distinctive color, and the Green Emerald Galaxy S6 edge provides a simply stunning color choice that meets the needs of those who want a sophisticated, yet unique looking mobile device,” said Younghee Lee, Executive Vice President of Global Marketing, IT & Mobile Division at Samsung Electronics. “We aim to bring a truly one-of-a-kind smartphone to consumers and provide them with a seamless combination of dynamic beauty and meaningful purpose, complementing every part of their mobile lives.”
Blue Topaz Galaxy S6
Exclusively available for the Galaxy S6, Samsung's Blue Topaz Galaxy S6 hits the scene in a striking but subtle blue hue that is closely reflected throughout the most fashionable colors of the year. According to many of the leading color trend forecasts, blue is among the top most popular colors of 2015.
“People who opt for Samsung's Blue Topaz Galaxy S6 are likely to be more self-confident, fastidious, discriminating, sensitive, exacting, and intuitive,” said world-renowned British Psychologist Dr. Donna Dawson. “The ‘brightness' of the color tends to attract more people who are both self-assured and know what they like.”
Green Emerald Galaxy S6 edge
Exclusively available for the Galaxy S6 edge, Samsung's newest Green Emerald exemplifies the harmony of Samsung's design philosophy where “beauty meets purpose.” The color green represents new life and new beginnings and is closely linked to themes of nature.
“People who choose Green as their preferred color will tend to be balanced, loyal, hard-working, honest, benevolent and concerned for others,” Dawson said. “They may aspire to be good citizens with a highly-developed moral sense and a desire for simplicity. ‘Green' also represents new life and new beginnings, and often inspires ‘hope' and renewed vitality and energy in people, conveying friendliness and a connection to others. Green also has been shown to decrease the feeling of restlessness – this is why, when people are stressed, they often crave sanctuary in more natural surroundings. The Green Emerald shade of the Galaxy S6 edge deepens the general attraction of all things green through its depth and brightness.”
The Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge are available globally with 32/64/128GB storage options available in White Pearl, Black Sapphire, Gold Platinum, Blue Topaz (Galaxy S6 only) and Green Emerald (Galaxy S6 edge only).
Full details and product images are available at www.samsungmobilepress.com.
* The launch date and models may vary by region and channels.
Many of the Republican candidates on the debate stage Wednesday night joined in a full-throated endorsement of Ted Cruz's damn-the-torpedoes strategy to defund Planned Parenthood, even if it means shutting down the federal government.
But two candidates who'll soon be casting votes on the matter were noticeably silent: Sens. Marco Rubio and Rand Paul.
Story Continued Below
“I think they're just seeing the results of the last time we tried that,” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), the party's nominee in 2008, said of a strategy similar to what Republicans tried with defunding Obamacare in 2013. “Last time was a disaster.”
When it comes to the premier congressional debate over the next two weeks, Rubio (R-Fla.) and Paul (R-Ky.) are in danger of being overshadowed by the bawdy Cruz. The Texas senator making a direct play for tea party voters is all-in: Do whatever it takes to deny Planned Parenthood its federal funding, including shuttering the government if necessary.
But the calculation for Rubio and, to a lesser extent, the fading Paul, isn't so straightforward. Back Cruz's play and they risk getting sullied by congressional ineptitude and looking less than presidential; oppose it and they potentially get tagged as squishy conservatives, not a good place to be four months before voting begins.
Though CNN's moderators didn't ask Rubio and Paul where they stood, neither injected himself into the discussion. Cruz, who devised the tactic and was the poster boy of the 2013 shutdown, found support from governors and political outsiders competing against him, and seemed to revel in the attention his effort was getting on national TV.
“Every Republican ought to step forward and honor the commitments we made when we ran for office,” Cruz said in an interview Thursday in the Capitol, when he was asked about Rubio and Paul's silence on the matter.
If the Senate takes up a spending bill this month that defunds Planned Parenthood as GOP leaders now plan, the three senators will go likely go on record in favor of it. Paul has held several Planned Parenthood events on the Capitol grounds and Rubio has unequivocally said he wants to gut the organization's federal backing.
But there likely will be subsequent votes, right before the deadline, that will actually decide whether a shutdown happens. How Rubio and Paul vote then, and what they say in the lead-up to it, could make all the difference in whether or how they'd be associated with a federal closure that's sure to play better with conservative activists than general election voters .
Rubio and Paul have kept their distance from Cruz so far. Even though both Rubio and Paul have typically opposed short-term spending bills in the past that funded Planned Parenthood, both men have refused to sign a letter from Cruz to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) vowing to oppose any spending bill that funds the organization.
Senior lawmakers say that other than Cruz, anyone associated with the shutdown is likely to have his or her reputation tarnished.
“I don't think a shutdown helps either the person or the party that's seemed to have precipitated it,” said Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.).
“It hurts the whole Republican brand,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas). "We need to win the election."
Rubio is in a particularly tough spot because of lingering conservative skepticism over his support for comprehensive immigration reform. But appearing like he's tagging along with Cruz isn't ideal, either.
“Marco Rubio's a smart guy,” said Rep. Carlos Curbelo (R-Fla.), who is friendly with Rubio but has endorsed Jeb Bush. “It's smart for him to do the right thing and we all know trying to outflank people is a race to the bottom. In many ways Donald Trump has outflanked everyone. Where does that lead to? Not a good place.”
Trump, for the record, has also endorsed Cruz's tactic. The fourth GOP senator running for president, Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, opposes the strategy and said in Wednesday's early debate that he's "tired of telling people things they want to hear that I know we can't do."
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte said voters in her first-in-the-nation primary state would not reward Republicans who back a government closure over Planned Parenthood funding.
“My constituents don't support a shutdown. That's what I believe. And I don't support it either,” said Ayotte, who is up for reelection in 2016 and could provide a key Republican endorsement in her state. She wrote Cruz a letter Thursday questioning how his strategy can succeed given Democrats' leverage in the White House and Senate.
Paul and Rubio both jumped aboard the effort to defund Obamacare in 2013, but neither owned the subsequent shutdown like Cruz did. Paul and Cruz even tussled afterward over how hard the Kentucky senator fought for Cruz's position: Paul claimed he got a thank-you note from Cruz afterward, while Cruz insisted that Paul “decided not to be with us in this fight.”
So perhaps it's not surprising that Paul shied away from giving Cruz a pat on the back on Wednesday night. Paul's allies aren't sure how far he's willing to go on Planned Parenthood.
“I can't speak to his position on that, because I don't know,” said Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.), who has endorsed Paul and is a member of the hardline House Freedom Caucus. “Sometimes there are issues that you think are more of a priority and Sen. Paul spoke very eloquently about foreign policy and drug policy. And those are important issues to him and a lot of Americas.”
Paul has proposed his own strategy on Planned Parenthood. He wants two votes: One on funding the government and another on funding Planned Parenthood. The government funding bill would pass, Paul's thinking goes, while only a minority would vote for Planned Parenthood and the organization would lose its support from Congress.
But that has gained little traction with his party. McConnell and his leadership team are actually mulling a strategy more like Cruz's, although senior Republicans know such an effort would fail and then they would probably move on to a "clean" spending bill.
“Over and over again we see Republican leadership rolling out a plan to lose. That doesn't make any sense,” Cruz said of the leadership's machinations.
The debate made clear that Cruz has plenty of backing from his rivals, though, perhaps tellingly, some of the most vocal supporters of the shutdown play won't have to actually cast a vote on the issue.
A sampling: New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie accused the Republican majority of “giving the president a pass.” Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina dared Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton to watch the secret videos of Planned Parenthood officials allegedly discussing fetal tissue sales and then said: “If we will not stand up in and force President Obama to veto this bill, shame on us.”
Gov. Scott Walker (R-Wis.) even nonchalantly suggested that the Senate should scrap its supermajority requirement to send a spending bill that defunds Planned Parenthood to the president, a tactic that even Cruz has frowned on because of how effectively the Republican minority used the filibuster over the past eight years to block Democratic proposals.
“They don't work in the Senate, so they don't get to vote,” Cornyn said of the governors.
We've sounded the alarm for years that a large solar flare – like the one we had in 1859 – could cause worldwide nuclear meltdowns … and numerous other problems.
2 weeks ago, we just barely dodged the bullet.
Washington Examiner reports:
The earth barely missed taking a massive solar punch in the teeth two weeks ago, an “electromagnetic pulse” so big that it could have knocked out power, cars and iPhones throughout the United States.
Two EMP experts told Secrets that the EMP flashed through earth's typical orbit around the sun about two weeks before the planet got there.
“The world escaped an EMP catastrophe,” said Henry Cooper, who lead strategic arms negotiations with the Soviet Union under President Reagan, and who now heads High Frontier, a group pushing for missile defense.
“There had been a near-miss about two weeks ago, a Carrington-class coronal mass ejection crossed the orbit of the Earth and basically just missed us,” said Peter Vincent Pry, who served on the Congressional EMP Threat Commission from 2001-2008. He was referring to the 1859 EMP named after astronomer Richard Carrington that melted telegraph lines in Europe and North America.
“Basically this is a Russian roulette thing,” added Pry. “We narrowly escape from a Carrington-class disaster.”
Pry, Cooper, and former CIA Director James Woolsey have been recently demanding that Washington prepare the nation's electric grid for an EMP, either from the sun or an enemy's nuclear bomb. They want the 2,000-3,000 transformers in the grid protected with a high-tech metal box and spares ready to rebuild the system. Woolsey said knocking out just 20 would shut down electricity to parts of the nation “for a long time.”
But Washington is giving them the cold shoulder, especially the administration. Woolsey told Secrets that some in Congress are interested in the issue, but the administration is just in the “beginnings” of paying attention.
***
The EMP effect is not rare. One occurred in Canada in 1989, knocking out Quebec's electric transmission system. And North Korea is reportedly testing a device to attack the U.S. with an EMP attack.
The trio appeared at an event in Washington this week, but Pry said getting the nation's leaders interested in the issue is difficult and educating the public about EMP hard too. “The education curve isn't going up fast enough,” he said.
[Disclaimer: Nothing here should be taken to endorse using illegal or dangerous substances. This was a quick informal survey and you should not make any important health decisions based on it. Talk to your doctor before trying anything.]
Nootropics are traditionally defined as substances that improve mental function. In practice they usually refer to psychoactive chemicals that are neither recreational drugs like cocaine and heroin, nor officially-endorsed psychiatric drugs like Prozac or Risperdal. Most are natural supplements, foreign medications available in US without prescription, or experimental compounds. They promise various benefits including clearer thinking, better concentration, improved mood, et cetera. You can read more about them here.
Although a few have been tested formally in small trials, many are known to work only based on anecdote and word of mouth. There are some online communities like r/nootropics where people get together, discuss them, and compare results. I've hung out there for a while, and two years ago, in order to satisfy my own curiosity about which of these were the most worth looking into, I got 150 people to answer a short questionnaire about their experiences with different drugs.
Since then the field has changed and I wanted to get updated data. This year 850 (!) people agreed to fill out my questionnaire and rate various nootropics on a scale of 0 – 10 – thanks again to everyone who completed the survey.
Before the results themselves, a few comments.
Last time around I complained about noisy results. This year the sample size was five times larger and the results were less noisy. Here's an example: the ratings for caffeine form a beautiful bell curve:
Even better, even though this survey was 80% new people, when it asked the same questions as last year's the results were quite similar – they correlated at r = 0.76, about what you'd get from making students take the same test twice. Whatever's producing these effects is pretty stable.
A possible objection – since this survey didn't have placebo control, might all the results be placebo? Yes. But one check on this is that the different nootropics controlled against one another. If we believe that picamilon (rated 3.7) is a placebo, this suggests that PRL-8-53 (rated 5.6) does 19 percentage points points better than placebo.
But might this be confounded by lack of blinding? Yes. That is, if companies have really hyped PRL-8-53, and it comes in special packaging, and it just generally looks cooler than picamilon, maybe that would give it a stronger placebo effect.
Against this hypothesis I can only plead big differences between superficially similar drugs. For example, rhodiola and ashwagandha are both about equally popular. They're both usually sold by the same companies in the same packaging. They're both classified as “adaptogens” by the people who classify these sorts of things. But ashwagandha outperforms rhodiola by 0.9 points, which in a paired-samples t-test is significant at the p = 0.03 level. While you can always find some kind of difference in advertising or word-of-mouth that could conceivably have caused a placebo effect, there are at least some reasons to think something's going on here.
Without further ado, here's what I found:
Median rating, mean rating, and sample size for each nootropic. You can find more information on the individual substances here
Percent of responders who rated each nootropic at least five (the middle rating) or ten (the highest rating)
Some very predictable winners: Adderall is a prescription drug and probably doesn't even qualify as a nootropic; I included it as a reference point, and it unsurprisingly did very well. LSD microdosing is the practice of taking LSD at one-tenth or less of the normal hallucinogenic dose; users say that it improves creativity and happiness without any of the typical craziness. Phenibut is a Russian anxiolytic drug of undenied effectiveness which is sort of notorious for building tolerance and addiction if used incorrectly. And modafinil is a prescription medication for sleep issues which makes users more awake and energetic. All of these are undeniably effective – but all are either addictive, illegal without prescription, or both.
I'm more interested by a second tier of winners, including tianeptine, Semax, and ashwagandha. Tianeptine is a French antidepressant available (legally? kind of a gray area) without prescription in the US; users say it both provides a quick fix for depression and makes them happier and more energetic in general. Semax is a Russian peptide supposed to improve mental clarity and general well-being. Ashwagandha might seem weird to include here since it's all the way down at #15, but a lot of the ones above it had low sample size or were things like caffeine that everyone already knows about, and its high position surprised me. It's an old Indian herb that's supposed to treat anxiety.
The biggest loser here is Alpha Brain, a proprietary supplement sold by a flashy-looking company for $35 a bottle. Many people including myself have previously been skeptical that they can be doing much given how many random things they throw into one little pill. But it looks like AlphaBrain underperformed even the nootropics that I think of as likely placebo – things like choline and DMAE. It's possible that survey respondents penalized the company for commercializing what is otherwise a pretty un-branded space, ranking it lower than they otherwise might have to avoid endorsing that kind of thing.
(I was surprised to see picamilon, a Russian modification of the important neurotransmitter GABA, doing so badly. I thought it was pretty well-respected in the community. As far as I can tell, this one is just genuinely bad.)
Finally, a note on addiction.
Adderall, phenibut, and nicotine have all raised concern about possible addictive potential. I wanted to learn a little bit about people's experiences here, so I asked a few questions about how often people were taking things at what dose and whether they got addicted or not.
In retrospect, these were poorly phrased and didn't get me the data I wanted. When people said they were taking Adderall every day and got addicted, I didn't know whether they meant they became addicted because they were using it every day, or that they were using it every day because they were addicted. People gave some really weird answers here and I'm not sure how seriously I can take them. Moving on anyway:
A bit under 15% of users got addicted to Adderall. The conventional wisdom says “recreational users” are more likely to get addicted than people who take it for a psychiatric condition with a doctor's prescription. There was no sign of this; people who took it legally and people who took it for ADHD were actually much more likely to get addicted than people who described themselves as illegal or recreational users. In retrospect this isn't surprising; typical psychiatric use is every day; typical recreational use is once in a while.
Only 3% of users got addicted to phenibut. This came as a big surprise to me given the caution most people show about this substance. Both of the two people who reported major addictions were using it daily at doses > 2g. The four people who reported minor addictions were less consistent, and some people gave confusing answers like that they had never used it more than once a month but still considered themselves “addicted”. People were more likely to report tolerance with more frequent use; of those who used it monthly or less, only 6% developed tolerance; of those who used it several times per month, 13%; of those who used it several times per week, 18%; of those who used it daily, 36%.
Then there was nicotine. About 35% of users reported becoming addicted, but this was heavily dependent upon variety of nicotine. Among users who smoked normal tobacco cigarettes, 65% reported addiction. Among those who smoked e-cigarettes, only 25% reported addiction (and again, since there's no time data, it's possible these people switched to e-cigarettes because they were addicted and not vice versa). Among users of nicotine gum and lozenges, only 7% reported addiction, and only 1% reported major addiction. Although cigarettes are a known gigantic health/addiction risk, the nootropic community's use of isolated nicotine as a stimulant seems from this survey (subject to the above caveat) to be comparatively but not completely safe.
I asked people to name their favorite nootropic not on the list. The three most popular answers were ALCAR, pramiracetam, and Ritalin. ALCAR and pramiracetam were on last year's survey and ended up around the middle. Ritalin is no doubt very effective in much the same way Adderall is very effective – and equally illegal without a prescription.
People also gave their personal stacks and their comments; you can find them in the raw data (.xlsx, .csv) or the fixed-up data (.csv, notes). If you find anything else interesting in there, please post it in the comments here and I'll add a link to it in this post.
EDIT: Jacobian adjusts for user bias
Our Bothans had been hinting at a secret entry in the TT Zero event at the 2015 Isle of Man TT, and it seems that entry could be Brammo.
The tip-off comes courtesy of renowned road racer Lee Johnston, who tweeted that the weather in California was just fine…while sitting next to the Brammo track trailer, and with a Brammo Empulse RR beside him (pictured above).
There is really only one reason why “General Lee” would be testing the American outfit's electric race bike, and that's if the now R&D company wanted to go head-to-head with Mugen, Saroléa, et al.
Many will remember that Brammo participated in the 2009 Isle of Man TT, at the inaugural TTXGP event, and finished 3rd with a 75 mph lap.
Brammo will need Johnston to lay down a lap much faster than that though, in order to keep up with the pace of competition. Expectations are for the 120 mph barrier to be broken this year.
Expectations could be met, as the word on the street is that Brammo hasn't exactly been sitting on its laurels — Mugen riders John McGuinness and Bruce Anstey can expect a bit of competition.
The flag drops for the TT Zero race on June 10th.
Source: Lee Johnston (Twitter)
All you wanted to do was purge the stale smoke from your vase, but what you got was an explosion of steam, crackling sounds an possibly even the ominous crack of a shattered bowl. You purged too hard and the valve was stuck, which shot water up the stem and into the bowl.
[rating_youtube width=”620″ height=”349″ src=”https://www.youtube.com/embed/zE6t8E4BUxc” frameborder=”0″ allowfullscreen]
All of this could have been avoided if you had just cleaned out your purge valve once in a while and tested it before your session. Well, you haven't cleaned the valve out in a while and the ball bearing now seems to have fused with your stem. What are you to do?
The first roadblock is the purge valve cap. It can easily get gummed up and become almost impossible to remove. The simplest way to fix this is a little brute force. If you're not lucky enough to have a purge valve cap with squared edges that you can put a C-wrench on, get yourself a pair of pliers and put a piece of cloth between the jaws and the actual purge valve. This cloth or a folded paper towel is to prevent the teeth from digging in and marring the metal. I use my Leatherman for pretty much everything.
Now that you have the cap off you need to get the ball bearing out. Most of the time you can just pop it out with the tip of a knife. Be careful not to cut yourself or shoot the ball bearing across the room.
If this isn't enough then you may need to resort to chemical warfare. Mix up some barkeeper's Friend into a paste and cover the purge valve so that it can soak in. This should help loosen up the gunk and the ball bearing.
Now that everything has been taken apart it is time to clean out the inside and the threading. The stars here are barkeeper's Friend making another appearance and pipe cleaners:
Mix up some more paste. Let it sit on the threads and inside the actual purge valve. Drop the purge valve cap and the ball bearing in a plastic bag with some barkeeper's friend and water. After that's eaten through the muck, scrub the threads down with a mildly abrasive sponge and clean out the inside with pipe cleaners. Rinse it all thoroughly with water an put it all together.
Your purge valve should be sparkling and function smoothly, but you can avoid this problem in the future by replacing the ball bearing with a non-biodegradable airsoft BB. You still need to clean everything out from time to time, but the BB is lighter and less likely to get gummed up while never rusting.
Sonoma County's Wings Over Wine Country grounded for 2017
Sonoma County's roaring, neck-craning Wings Over Wine Country air show has been grounded for 2017.
Leaders of the hosting Pacific Coast Air Museum, located at the Charles M. Schulz-Sonoma County Airport, expect to relocate their vintage airplanes and other exhibits to an adjacent location inside the airport fence next year. They said it won't be possible for their members to make that move and also pull off an air show.
“We don't have the resources to do it,” said Jim Sartain, president of the volunteer-run museum.
Sartain and PCAM president-elect CJ Stephens said that instead of an air show in 2017, the organization plans a large open house with static displays and other attractions focused on piquing the interest of children and youth in aviation. There may also be a classic car show.
“It's going to be as active as we can make it,” said Sartain, a Santa Rosa real estate agent.
Both he and Stephens, a retired U.S. Air Force lieutenant colonel who worked 27 years as late developer Hugh Codding's pilot, said the museum intends to bring back the two-day air show in 2018.
PCAM's collection of historic warbirds and civilian aircraft has been located for more than a quarter-century on the southeast edge of the airport, at North Laughlin Road and Becker Boulevard.
The primary features of the leased piece of county-owned property are the old, metal-sheathed building that serves as the museum visitors' center and the unpaved lot on which most of the aircraft are parked. There's also a circular, concrete pad that supports the F-15A Eagle fighter jet that was the first to scramble to New York City after the 2001 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center.
For years, museum members have sought to move off the dirt lot and onto the paved parcel that is just north of the existing PCAM site. The dominant feature of the museum's prospective new home is the large, arched, open-ended Butler hangar.
One of only two major structures that remain from the airport's days as a World War II Army training field, the Butler hangar made the movies in 1963, after stunt pilot Frank Tallman flew a small Beech 18-D airplane through it in “It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World.”
The air museum is in negotiations with the county to purchase or lease the Butler hangar and also two nearby buildings that were the offices and hangar of the former Dragonfly flight school. Whether PCAM were to buy or lease the buildings, the land would remain in the ownership of the county.
“It's not a done deal yet,” said Sartain. If an agreement is reached to allow PCAM to move, the museum will become responsible for repairing and shoring up the historic but badly decayed Butler hangar. It would become an exhibition and events space.
“We've got a lot of grand plans,” Sartain said. PCAM members would launch a capital campaign to appeal for the public's help in upgrading the hangar and converting the former flight-school property to museum space.
Sartain said PCAM and the county are close to agreeing on a contract.
Concurring, Jon Stout, the airport manager, said, “We're down to the last two items needed for the lease agreement.” He said he couldn't legally describe those items.
Stout said the county has been supportive of the museum's desire to move off of the dirt, onto pavement and beneath the Butler hangar. He said “2017 is definitely our goal” for a proposed contract to go to the Board of Supervisors for approval and for the move to occur.
What might become of the property currently occupied by the Pacific Coast Air Museum?
Stout said the county has fielded inquiries from people who might like to create there a corporate-aircraft hangar, a flight school or several small, private hangars.
Prior to this year's Wings Over Wine Country air show, on Sept. 24 and 25, members of the air museum warned that diminished ticket sales might force them to terminate the show.
Air show director Nancy Heath made an appeal that fans of the show not watch it for free from outside the gate, but support the museum by buying tickets and coming inside.
Though paid attendance was down again this year, Sartain said sponsorships and concession sales made for “one of our most profitable air shows in a long time.”
It was also one of the loudest, boasting ear-splitting performances by the U.S. Air Force's F-22 Raptor fighter, U.S.Navy F/A-18 Super Hornets and a CF-18 Hornet flown by the Royal Canadian Air Force.
Chris Smith is at 707-521-5211 and chris.smith@pressdemocrat.com.
Allow me to ask you a question. Maybe you will find it even more enlightening than this pointless interrogation.
Did you catch me or did you catch yourself in my trap?
Think about it. You followed my little trail of bread crumbs right to that hotel in Monaco. I see that look on your face. Did you think she was just another tourist? She was working for me and she told you exactly what I wanted.
You think I have been helpless? This is what I wanted. I needed you to bring me to your impenetrable headquarters. I needed you to lock me in this inescapable room. It was my design all along for you to place me in this room. I am not just a prisoner. I am your doom!
I knew this would happen, because I know how you are good guys like to think. I knew exactly how you would react, and each of you has played your part brilliantly in my plan. I preyed upon your habits and used you like so many pawns. We are all pawns, the difference is that I control the hand as well. I am the hand. Of the pawn moving.
I knew you and the others would be in Shanghai. I left the gem so you would follow me to Madrid. Who do you think the one-armed Russian works for? I knew you would buy that cup of coffee in New York. I knew exactly when you would glance out the window of your super car and see my helicopter.
Think about it. Who gave you the file? Why were the fingerprints of a dead man on the gun? Who was helping Icarus?
It's too late! My plan is already in motion. I will tell you exactly what is about to happen. Do you think you can stop me? Not. One. Chance.
In a few seconds the lights will go out. There will be a sound from the other room. That will be the men I have infiltrated into your operation killing your guards. I have surgically implanted a machine gun into one of the other prisoners in this very prison. I believe this holding cell is directly over your central computer? I can tell by the expression on your face that I am right.
Isn't it your birthday today? I know everything about you. That's why there is a cake about to be delivered. But not a good cake. You'll see.
Yes, go ahead, tell your security experts to double patrols. Have them look out for anything suspicious. But there are twelve bombs placed in schools across the city. You can either talk to me or save those kids.
These shackles won't hold me. I knew you would shackle me to this chair. This room is as easy to escape as a baby's blanket.
I have guessed your every move and now it's all falling into...
What are you doing?
Why do you have that gun?
Put it down. Don't point it at my knees. You can't do that because you're a hero and my plan counts on rational...AHHH! You shot me! AHHH! You shot me again!
No matter...ha ha...you think you've won? I can still follow through on my...oh...feeling a bit woozy. You're just going to leave me tied to this chair? All the blood and...oh man...wow does that hurt.
It's okay...I...uh...knew you would do that...I knew exactly that you were going to shoot me in the knees. I, um, predicted it all along and...HEY! You can't put a plastic bag over my head! I have way more plan talking to do. Don't you want to know my...you're the good guy! I need to breathe to...my plan...aaaaaaahhhh!
If you are in need of more hands to relocate the pawns on this chessboard you can check Zack's Facebook page.
– Zack "Geist Editor" Parsons (@sexyfacts4u)
Pin Share 7 28 Shares
Amazon really Really, REALLY, REALLY want you to update your Kindle.
Kindle owners at MobileRead and the eBook Evangelist blog are reporting that they've gotten notices in the mail from Amazon with nagging reminders asking them to update their older Kindles.
Last month Amazon started sending out email notices notifying Kindle owners of a small but critical firmware update which replaced certain security certificates.
This update makes it possible for the Kindle (including the older models like the 2007-era $399 original Kindle) to continue to communicate with Amazon over 3G and Wifi after Amazon changes its security on 22 March, and that makes it so important that Amazon is sending not only email notices but also post cards.
I got the email, but I have yet to receive a post card. I'm told that they read:
Dear Kindle Owner, We've been trying to contact you via email and other methods to let you know that one or more of your Kindle e-readers requires a critical update. To avoid interruption to your reading, please update your device(s) by March 22, 2016. For step-by-step instructions on how to update your Kindle and to find out which devices require this update, please visit www.amazon.com/ku2016 . We apologize for any inconvenience,
The Kindle Team
Not all Kindle owners have gotten an email, much less a post card. Amazon appears to only be sending the notices to Kindle owners that regularly disable the connectivity on their device.
But some are getting snail-mail from Amazon (image via eBook Evangelist):
Did you get the email? What about the post card?
Judging by the spike in traffic over the past couple weeks, a lot of owners of older Kindles are getting the notices. Many have expressed frustration or confusion with the update process.
"My K2 can still access the web but I keep seeing the “Basic Web is unable to make a secure connection at this time.” error message. Just assumed this was Amazon blocking my access," one wrote. "However, I just looked up the version of the Kindle OS I should be running to discover that I am not running the latest. I have 2.5.6 when I should be running 2.5.8." That user reported that even after installing the update, they still had issues.
Have you encountered any problems?
Making News at Women in the World
From:dschwerin@hillaryclinton.com To: john.podesta@gmail.com, jpalmieri@hillaryclinton.com, kschake@hillaryclinton.com, jake.sullivan@gmail.com, re47@hillaryclinton.com Date: 2015-04-22 22:08 Subject: Making News at Women in the World
We discussed the idea of throwing an elbow at Women in the World with John and HRC today, and she was reluctant to touch the abortion issue. John suggested focusing more on the inappropriateness of playing politics with trafficking and Jake suggested hitting equal pay, and she seemed ok with that. In general, she was open to a broader strategy over the next month of trying to pin GOP candidates down on wedge issues, but doesn't want to throw darts that won't land. If we use vaccine tweet as a model -- timely, with Republicans divided and looking nutty -- she'll be happy. So for tomorrow at Women in the World, below and attached is my new proposed text. First, at the top: "Before we get started, I want to take a moment to recognize the significance of what happened earlier today in Washington. Finally, after an unprecedented and unconscionable delay, Senate Republicans allowed a vote to confirm Loretta Lynch as Attorney General. This is a happy ending to a shameful story. It's beyond belief that a talented and qualified African American woman nominated to be our nation's chief law enforcement officer was hung out to dry for months. At a time when we face real security and criminal justice challenges. And, I'm sorry, but pushing an ideological agenda at the expense of survivors of human trafficking is as low as it gets. There's going to be plenty of time for politics as we head toward the next election. But common sense and common decency should still count for something, even in Washington. That's what I'm out there working for and talking about, and it's what you should demand of anyone running for office." And then lower down, on page six: "The United States ranks 65th out of 142 nations on equal pay. We should be numbed one! And by the way, anyone running for President who doesn't think women deserve to be paid as well as men should have to explain to the American people exactly why not. And this isn't just about women. So many of our families today depend on two incomes to make ends meet..."
As hypersensitivity across the world reaches a fever pitch, it seems that no one is immune to accusations ranging from racism to xenophobia. Nowhere was this more evident in the past week than when well known and highly trusted economic and geopolitical analyst Marc Faber was accused of racism after publishing a recent market commentary in his monthly Gloom Boom Doom Report.
As is often the case, Faber analyzes global events using historical events as reference points, which in today's day and age of intolerantly silencing speech and tearing down monuments is a dangerous proposition for someone who speaks with such honesty and forthrightness. So dangerous, in fact, that Faber was quickly asked to resign several board seats at top financial and mining firms around the world.
As well, the establishment media made it clear his views were no longer welcomed at Fox News and CNBC, where he has often shared colorful and insightful ideas for years.
Though the mainstream would prefer to keep the public's eyes closed to the reality of not only history, but where we find ourselves today and why, Future Money Trends featured Marc Faber in an exclusive interview, where among his latest economic and financial outlooks, he responds directly to his accusers with the candor for which he is so affectionately known.
It's an interview that many people, especially in America, should take the time to watch because if you support the wrong political candidate, certain immigration or health care policies, traditional morals or even standing for the National Anthem, you too have been, directly or indirectly, accused of spreading hate and racism just as has been the case with Dr. Faber.
I've been labeled by the mainstream media as a racist… I don't think that corresponds at all to the reality. I wrote a report and I wrote about capitalism, socialism, private property and property rights… and I also wrote about the tendency nowadays to want to erase history… in other words, in the U.S. they're trying to tear down statues of people who 150 years ago had a slightly different view than other people had at the time… they also tried to tear down statues of Columbus, which historically is one of the great…one of the most important personalities… … I believe if you have civilization and if you have culture you should remember your past… Our past, the white man, has certainly not been glorious… it's been very cruel… and we abused the system… but the fact is that the white man… the Europeans… they brought a lot of skills and knowledge and built a very prosperous society… that is, until recently. I think to try to deny that the Western white man made America great is just not right. And for that I was attacked very badly.
Highlighting the wide net being cast in this global witch hunt for racists and anyone who doesn't subscribe to the establishment status quo, in the extended interview transcript available via Future Money Trends Marc Faber also explains how so-called mainstream media journalists targeted him with leading questions following a posting of some of his material by an independent alt-right website with which he has no connection:
We have freedom of the press, and like you say, part of the success of Western society was freedom of expression. But as you said, to have a normal discussion is no longer possible. I have seen alt-right publish my report. There were some reporters in some papers that sent me emails with questions. These questions were very leading questions. Essentially, if you didn't answer them very carefully, they could have been interpreted as a racist comment. The situation as it is, if I had known that it would be blown so much out of proportion, I probably wouldn't have written it the way I wrote it. I would have written that a great part of America's success, after all, is that it was essentially colonized or populated by people who came to America to work, and they brought along skills and tools and stuff. I'd leave it at that. It is what it is, so I will live with it. You'd be surprised about how many people have actually written to me saying that they really admire someone who spells out the truth.
Indeed, Faber is one of few globally recognized voices who have never been afraid to tell the truth.
A group of faculty and students at St. Mary's College of Maryland, which charges the highest in-state tuition of Maryland's public institutions, is advocating a new wage structure it says would keep student costs down by establishing a "living wage" for the lowest-paid workers and capping top salaries.
Students on campuses nationwide — including Harvard University, the University of Virginia and Vanderbilt University — have long lobbied for so-called living wages that pay staff enough to comfortably afford to live in their communities. But the St. Mary's group says its plan would be the first to link the demand to the pay of academic and administrative employees.
The proposal comes at a time when President Barack Obama has challenged the country's colleges and universities to develop creative ways to cut costs. He unveiled a proposal last month to rank institutions based on tuition, graduation rates and other factors, as part of a broad plan to make colleges more affordable.
Backers of the St. Mary's plan say it would promote equity and mutual respect on the campus, while keeping upper-end salaries from ballooning out of control. It would require interim President Ian Newbould to take a $25,000 pay cut and at least one full-time faculty member to take a hit of about $35,000.
"It's a way of reining in upper-level salaries and thereby keeping the cost of tuition reasonable and helping this faculty and staff at the lowest end of the pay scales," said Robin Bates, a longtime English professor at the school and a designated spokesman for the group behind the proposal.
But critics contend the plan has no connection to labor markets and would weaken the school's ability to attract top talent.
"You can get a [university] president for probably $150,000, but that might not be the kind of person you want," said Alan Dillingham, an economics professor and president of St. Mary's faculty senate.
Newbould is paid $325,000 — the same as predecessor Joseph R. Urgo, who resigned in June amid an admissions shortfall. The salary figure is on a par with those at some of the "peer institutions" identified by St. Mary's.
The proposal recommends setting a benchmark minimum salary for the school's lowest-paid worker at 130 percent of the federal poverty level for a family of four. That would raise the current minimum to about $30,000 from $24,500.
Other salaries would then be determined using specific multiples of that number. The calculations would result in a small boost in minimum pay for staff and many professors, but a reduction in pay for executives and the highest-paid professors.
Full-professor salaries would be capped at $120,000 — $35,000 less than the current maximum. And the president's salary would be capped at about $300,000 — $25,000 less than the current pay.
Capping higher salaries would eliminate one of the cost drivers at the university, allowing it to limit future tuition increases, according to the proponents of a new financial model at the school. The proposal doesn't specify how tuition increases would be held down.
Pay for top administrators has been a point of contention for some St. Mary's faculty members, and the proposal's backers point out that pay for each of the top positions has risen at least 60 percent since 2000.
"The drastic increase in salaries paid to top administrators (both by increasing salaries for particular positions and elevating more positions to the VP-level) does not directly address our mission; instead, it reflects the unchecked exponential growth of executive salaries in higher education as institutions engage in an arms race for executive talent," the proposal states.
In an interview, Newbould stressed that the proposal hasn't won wide support. "This has not been put forward by the union, or the staff and faculty," he said.
Salaries and benefits for staff workers are negotiated through their union, Newbould said. And pay for others is based on market rates at peer institutions, including Beloit, Dickinson and Gettysburg colleges and the University of North Carolina at Asheville.
"We have a list of the organizations that we think are like us and the organizations we aspire to be like, and we regularly survey their compensation and compare ours," said Gail Harmon, a Washington-based lawyer who is chairwoman of the school's board of trustees.
St. Mary's is somewhat unusual in that it's a public honors college. The institutions it considers peers are mostly private, and they often charge roughly three times the tuition St. Mary's does.
Still, the school's $12,245 in-state tuition, not including fees and room and board, is the highest of Maryland's public institutions — 65 percent higher than tuition at the University of Maryland, College Park.
Some St. Mary's employees took a salary cut this year because of a projected shortfall in admissions that affected the budget. Bates, for example, said he will see his $97,621 salary reduced by 1.5 percent this semester.
The living wage proposal has a long history on the campus. Students and some faculties have been lobbying to increase the salaries of the lowest-paid workers for at least a decade.
"Originally, the focus was really members of the housekeeping staff and the grounds crew and people at that level," Bates said. "But it became bigger than that as we tried to figure out ways to rein in costs generally."
Implementing the plan would cost the college at least $270,000, proponents say.
Proponents are circulating the proposal on the campus in an effort to drum up support. The next step would be to present it to the faculty senate, Bates said.
Dillingham said he can't predict how the proposal would be received.
"Who knows whether it would be considered seriously or not?" Dillingham said.
New ways with old numbers
Academics are always being asked to demonstrate the “impact” of their research. (Is it like being hit by a rogue cyclist? Or is it more like a pile-driver, or even an asteroid strike?) But while it is not unreasonable to ask whether a particular piece of academic research is useful, the difficulties in answering the question are extraordinary.
The quality of a piece of research is subjective, and using measures such as the number of peer-reviewed articles published simply outsources the subjective judgment to somebody else. But there is a deeper problem: in a complex world, it is impossible for anyone to judge what the significance of a research breakthrough might eventually be.
Nowhere is this more true than in the field of mathematics. The most famous example is the development of imaginary numbers. The very name conveys the supposed uselessness of the concept. Square the imaginary unit, i, and you get minus one. Baffling.
Imaginary numbers were regarded with great scepticism after they were developed in Bologna in the 16th century as the logical solution to an abstract problem. Eventually, however, they turned out to be essential for, among other applications, electrical engineering – hardly something that could have been imagined by their creators.
So are imaginary numbers typical of the unexpected bounties of pure mathematics – or an unrepresentative poster child? Two recent commentators have tried to expand the number of examples. Professor Caroline Series of the University of Warwick devoted a recent presidential lecture at the British Science Festival to this topic, focusing on the applications of non-Euclidian geometry.
When Euclid originally laid down the axioms of his geometric system 23 centuries ago, one of them seemed less than obvious. For 2,000 years mathematicians tried to derive the “fifth postulate” – equivalent to the claim that the internal angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees – from more basic building blocks, and failed. Eventually it transpired that the axiom was optional. Consistent systems of geometry were possible in which the internal angles of triangles summed to more than 180 degrees, or even to fewer.
Surfaces on which the sum of angles in a triangle is less than 180 degrees look like leaves of kale. Prof Series points out that the development of kale-like geometric systems, called hyperbolic geometry, initially seemed a curiosity but made possible Einstein's theory of special relativity. Now, says Prof Series, hyperbolic geometry promises to advance our understanding of the way complex networks such as the internet behave and grow.
Peter Rowlett, a maths educator and historian, recently gathered further examples together in the journal Nature. The “sphere packing problem” – beginning with the conjecture that grocers have found the most efficient way to stack oranges – has been an open area of research for four centuries, but in the 1970s a solution for eight-dimensional “spheres” was used to design efficient modems. This meant that internet access no longer required specialised cables.
Quaternions, which extend imaginary numbers into a further dimension, began to be developed by William Hamilton in Dublin in 1843. They were eclipsed by matrix algebra, before being rediscovered as indispensable for generating 3D computer graphics efficiently. Rowlett's contributors offered several other examples.
Cost-benefit analysis has its place. But the benefits of academic research can pop up in such unexpected ways, sometimes immediately and sometimes after centuries. We should not set too much store by any bureaucrat's analysis of “academic impact”.
Also published at ft.com.
A contestant is shown mid-air in a jump at the Chicago Ski Tournament. (Chicago History Museum)
CHICAGO — There once were braver souls at Soldier Field than the NFL players who currently call the stadium home.
A handful of times last century, Soldier Field home hosted the Chicago Ski Tournament — a winter festival that featured a ski jump hill. A two-minute silent video posted by the Pilsen-based Chicago Film Archives shows ski jumpers flying off the hill, and wiping out, in front of a large lakefront crowd.
Watch the video here (Ski jumping begins at about the 1:18 mark)
The 1937 video showing the Chicago Ski Tournament is part of the Chicago Film Archives' Glick - Berolzheimer Collection. The video also includes two cars crashing through fire on the field, plus ice skaters near what would be the 50-yard-line.
The Chicago Ski Tournament was held in 1936-1938 and 1954, according to the Chicago History Museum. Ski jumpers landed on shaved ice, not snow. The 1936 ski jump event was won by Eugene Wilson, an unemployed road worker from Minnesota, according to the Tribune.
The 50-meter ski jump was completely wooden, according to the Ski Jumping Hill Archive. The Norges Ski Club, based out Fox River Grove, hosted the Soldier Field competitions.
Most of the Ivanka Trump brand's clothes and shoes are manufactured in China.
Ivanka Trump has flagged human trafficking as one of those “certain issues” she's “very passionate” about; back in May she lead a bipartisan round table of lawmakers whose goal was to discuss legislation to combat human trafficking. So it makes some sense that, on Tuesday, she'll present the State Department's annual report on human trafficking alongside Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. But according to Reuters, that report places China — where almost all of Ivanka's brand's wares are manufactured — on its global list of the worst offenders in human trafficking and forced labor.
The report divides countries up into three tiers based on their records: Tier 1 for nations that meet minimum U.S. standards; Tier 2 for those making significant efforts to meet those standards; Tier 2 “Watch List” for those in danger of falling below those standards; and Tier 3 for countries that fail to comply and are making no significant efforts to do so. Tillerson has reportedly decided to drop China to Tier 3 alongside countries like Iran, North Korea, and Syria. According to Reuters, it's “unclear” why Tillerson decided to downgrade China; a State Department official said the department “does not discuss details of internal deliberations.” The news is one of a handful of hints that President Trump's feelings toward China may be souring, Axios reports.
It also comes as the president's daughter's company faces increased scrutiny about its labor practices in China. A Fair Labor Association investigation in April showed that a Chinese factory where Ivanka Trump–brand clothes were manufactured severely underpaid its workers, and three China Labor Watch activists were poised to release a damning report about conditions at a factory that makes Ivanka Trump shoes before they were detained by Chinese authorities.
Regarding the activists, the Ivanka Trump brand's new president — Abigail Klem — said only that G-III, the company that licenses Ivanka's name, “works with much footwear production factories and all factories are required to operate within strict social compliance regulations.” She added that the factory in question hadn't produced Ivanka Trump–brand shoes since March, although China Labor Watch said an April production schedule called for nearly 1,000 pairs.
The First Daughter attempted to separate herself from her brand shortly before her dad was sworn in as president, stepping down from her leadership role there and rolling the company into a $50 million trust from which she receives fixed payouts. But given the hard line she's trying to drive on human trafficking, it would seem that — yet again — her eponymous company is in conflict with her professed political goals.
AMSTERDAM, The Netherlands — In the backstreet cannabis den, a French-speaking Arab youth with a pierced lower lip and a rhinestone encrusted baseball cap leans across the bar to order his fix of choice.
"Hot chocolate, please," he intones in heavily accentuated English.
"With whipped cream?" asks the fresh-faced young barrista in the 420 Cafe.
"Yes, please.”
A group of teenage English boys, their polite manners contrasting with the hair-raising heavy metal designs on their T-shirts, is also drinking the warm, frothy brew. Above them a large flat screen TV is showing a documentary about Antarctic bird life.
A penguin protects her chicks from a hungry gull as two Spanish girls debate whether to get high on "White Widow," “Blueberry” — brands from the marijuana menu — or to take a slice of the peanut butter and white chocolate weed-laced "space cake."
From inside this cozy, 100-year-old-bar-turned-hash-house it appears the Amsterdam drug scene has mellowed since the Dutch government began to "decriminalize" cannabis in the late 1970s.
"Some specimens of my tribe, and I think I can include myself, are considered to be respectable citizens," said Michael Veling, owner of the 420 Cafe.
“We even have a working relationship with the tax office,” added Veling, a spokesman for the Cannabis Retailers Association which represents many of the more than 700 “coffee shops” that openly serve the drug in the Netherlands.
After 30 years of high times, Amsterdam continues to attract waves of youthful tourists eager to smoke a reefer or two without having to look over their shoulder for the cops. However Dutch attitudes are changing. Successive conservative-led governments have tightened restrictions on cannabis sales, while local youngsters seem increasingly indifferent to the coffee shops' charms.
[Analysis: the awesome power of the illegal high]
A report from European Union's drug monitoring center made headlines in November when it showed young Dutch people lagged well behind many of their European neighbors when it came to smoking weed.
According to the survey, 11.4 percent of Dutch people aged 15 to 24 had consumed cannabis over the previous year, down from 14.3 percent eight years earlier. The Netherlands was ranked 13th out of 23 nations — way behind countries such as Spain, Italy and the Czech Republic, which register more than double the Dutch rate.
In the 420 Cafe, the only locals in view were a group of 50-something friends of the owner nodding contentedly to the Frank Zappa and Jimi Hendrix tunes coming from the sound system.
“It's not as exciting [for Dutch kids] as it is in other countries and we had education together with the tolerant attitude, so our kids know about drugs,” said Veling.
“Our customers are mainly from England and the United States, but because of the economic crisis the percentage of continental Europeans has risen,” he said. “Last summer we saw the first wave of Chinese middle class, that's a very promising market.”
Veling is perhaps unique among coffee shop owners in that he is also an active member and one-time city councilor with the conservative Christian Democratic Appeal party of Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende, which has done much to clamp down on the Dutch dope trade in recent years.
Coffee shops have seen the maximum amount they can sell customers reduced from 30 grams to 5 grams. In 2007 a ban on cannabis outlets serving alcohol was enforced, meaning coffee shop owners had to choose between booze or pot — which explains why the strongest drinks at Cafe 420 are coffee, tea and chocolate. Moreover, advertising for cannabis is banned, so while souvenir shops selling T-shirts festooned with marijuana-leaf designs abound, coffee shops are not allowed to use the image.
Many city councils prohibit the opening of new coffee shops and are quick to shut down any that break the rules. A ban on smoking tobacco in all Dutch cafes and bars hit the coffee shops hard when it was introduced in July 2008, since cannabis cigarettes are often mixed with tobacco. Now the rule is widely ignored.
"There are all kinds of ridiculous regulations,” said Fredrick Polak, a veteran campaigner for more liberal drug laws. “It does not work, it is counterproductive … the state has no business interfering with individual grown-up citizens and what they want to put in their bodies."
Polak, a white-haired, 67-year-old psychiatrist who works at Amsterdam's drug dependency unit, said Dutch authorities have caved into pressure from neighboring nations concerned that so many young people were buying cannabis in the Netherlands to take back home.
French, Belgian and German authorities have been particularly worried about a proliferation of outlets in border cities, so the Dutch government has sought to crack down on “drug tourism.”
The cities of Bergen op Zoom and Rosendaal near the Belgian border closed down six of their eight coffee shops last year after residents complained about rowdy behavior from an estimated 25,000 drug tourists passing through every week.
In the southeastern city of Maastricht, authorities have proposed making coffee shops members-only clubs, effectively banning foreign day-trippers. The country's largest coffee shop, Checkpoint in the southern border town of Terneuzen, was closed down in 2008 at a time when it was reportedly serving 3,000 customers a day.
Polak complains that criminal elements continue to play a leading role in the cannabis trade due to an anomaly in the laws: While the retailing is tolerated, wholesale trade remains illegal, meaning coffee shop owners often have to get their supplies from criminal networks, which are also involved in illegal exports of the drug and violent turf wars.
“With our system, for people who want to smoke marijuana it's very pleasant, but on the supply side here there is no control, it's still completely illegal, so the wrong people make very much money," Polak said.
Ireland's young workforce is dangerously exposed to the threat of automation, ranking 26th out of 35 OECD countries in terms of efforts at upskilling.
The robots are coming for entry-level jobs. The only way that countries such as Ireland, for example, can endure in the oncoming age of automation is to invest now in young workers' skills and training.
Findings published in the PwC Young Workers Index 2017 show a potential $1.2trn boost to OECD economies in the long term through improving young workers' skills, enrolment in education and job opportunities.
‘Many young people with lower education level – and particularly young men in sectors like retail, transport and manufacturing – could face major challenges from automation if they do not upgrade their skills over the course of their careers'
– JOHN HAWKSWORTH
Ireland would receive a GDP boost of €10bn, or 3.6pc, in the long run if it lowered the number of young workers not in education or training (NEET) to similar levels of those in Germany, for example.
Across OECD countries, existing jobs for young workers could be at risk of automation by the early 2030s. Overall, however, we see offsetting job creation for young workers giving a broadly neutral impact across the OECD in the long run.
There will be considerable disruption to labour markets in the process and it will require retraining and other support to those who lose their jobs, to help them find work elsewhere.
Who is most at risk?
PwC chief economist John Hawksworth argued that enhanced vocational training, and STEM skills in particular, are needed to make young people adaptable enough to thrive in an increasingly automated world.
The latest available information shows that the proportion of NEET young workers is back down to its pre-crisis levels of around 17pc on average across the OECD. However, youth unemployment levels remain high in many countries, notably in southern Europe. Ireland's NEET rate for 20-24-year-olds is 17pc (from 26.1pc in 2011).
On average, students from lower socioeconomic backgrounds are three times more likely not to achieve a baseline level of proficiency in science. This disparity is especially pronounced for young men with low education levels, who could face risks of automation of up to 50pc by the early 2030s, compared to only around 10pc for both male and female university graduates.
Reducing NEET levels across OECD countries to the same level as Germany, one of the top performers in the index, could boost total OECD GDP by around $1.2trn in the long term.
“Automation through technologies like AI and robotics will boost productivity and wealth, and so create many new opportunities for young people with the right skills,” Hawksworth said.
“However, our analysis also shows that many young people with lower education levels – and particularly young men in sectors like retail, transport and manufacturing – could face major challenges from automation if they do not upgrade their skills over the course of their careers.
“A focus on providing young people with the right education and vocational training will be critical to preparing them for the more automated workplace of the future,” Hawksworth urged.
Switzerland, Iceland and Germany are the top-ranked OECD economies in the PwC index for a second year. Countries such as Germany have further improved their already high index scores this year as youth unemployment and NEET rates have fallen further. The US, the UK, Czech Republic, Canada and Poland are among those countries that have risen in the rankings since last year.
Ireland is in the sights of the job-killer robots
Despite Ireland's economy standing to gain €10bn by investing in skills, the question remains as to whether the country will move fast enough to embrace STEM skills in its education system.
According to the OECD figures, the country is dangerously exposed to automation, and Ireland still ranks a measly 26th out of 35 OECD countries.
The key reason for the low score is due to Ireland's relatively high proportion of young workers not in education, employment or training – though this has improved since 2011.
“As a nation, and in the light of many businesses experiencing skills challenges, Ireland has some work to do to ensure its young people are equipped with the skills needed for a digital world, including providing the right training and education,” warned Gerard McDonough, director of people and organisation at PwC.
His colleague, Ciara Fallon, also director of people and organisation at PwC, said that more needs to be done to encourage more young people into STEM careers.
“By contrast, young workers with strong STEM skills should be less at risk from automation across most OECD countries. STEM-focused sectors remain a relatively small employer of young workers, but demand for these skills is rising fast, leading to a skills gap. More needs to be done to address gaps in STEM skills, particularly for young people from more disadvantaged backgrounds, if new digital technologies are not to add to income and wealth inequalities in the long run,” Fallon said.
Redbox, the company behind the ubiquitous supermarket kiosks for renting DVDs, is moving into the world of digital streaming.
Technically, Redbox On Demand is still in beta, but this marks the broader launch of the streaming service that Redbox was testing last year. It's available on the web, Android, iOS, Apple TV, Chromecast, Roku and LG and Samsung smart TVs.
To be clear, this isn't a subscription offering that directly competes with services like Netflix and Hulu. Instead, it's another marketplace where you can either buy or rent movies and TV episodes online — pricing starts at $4.99 $3.99 for a 48-hour rental and $9.99 for purchases.
Why would you buy or rent from Redbox instead of iTunes or elsewhere? The company's launch announcement emphasizes the fact that even if Redbox may not be the sexiest brand in movies, it still handles one million disc rentals every day.
“We know consumers have a lot of choices when it comes to subscription streaming services, but no other brand is as closely associated with new-release movies as Redbox,” said Redbox CEO Galen Smith. “We've been America's choice for new content for 15 years, and we're excited to offer a new way to watch that provides greater choice within the Redbox ecosystem.”
Make managing teleworker deployments a breeze with the Cisco Meraki Z1
If we asked you to name a Meraki product, which one would come to mind first? For most of you, odds are the answer isn't the Z1 Teleworker Gateway (unless you're cheating because you read the title of this blog post). While the Z1 is sometimes lost in the shuffle among its more physically imposing MX cousins, it stands on its own as a powerful enterprise-grade teleworker solution.
The Z1 offers a unique value in that it brings the Meraki dashboard to teleworker deployments, which by their very nature benefit enormously from the dashboard's centralized management and monitoring capabilities.
Any teleworker solution has to meet three major criteria: it has to be easy to deploy, it has to scale, and it has to be secure. In this post we'll explore how the Z1 addresses these challenges.
Zero-touch deployment
When deploying a teleworker solution, most administrators don't have the kind of resources on-site that they would in a corporate location – after all, this is generally being installed in a user's home. With the Z1, the only thing that the user needs to do is power the unit on and plug it into their ISP modem. Everything else can be done from headquarters by the IT team via the dashboard. This quote from a Z1 customer sums it up nicely:
“The fact that I was able to pre-configure [the Z1s] using Meraki's cloud management and drop-ship them to users anywhere was awesome. Many of these users are not the most tech savvy people, so the fact that all I had to do was instruct them to plug in the power and plug in one ethernet cable and it just started working auto-magically was incredibly convenient.”
-Reddit user on /r/networking
Even VPN connectivity to headquarters is automatic – using Meraki's AutoVPN technology, the Z1 can discover its configured VPN concentrator and build a VPN tunnel to it from anywhere. This is especially useful for traveling employees, since it means that they are never more than an ethernet cable (or USB cellular modem) away from their corporate resources.
Want to know how Cisco Meraki customers deploy the Z1? Here are a few examples:
Configuration templates
One thing that administrators generally don't want in their teleworker deployment is variety. The key to scalable management, especially for devices that are outside of the administrator's physical control, is standardization. With an optional feature called configuration templates, multiple Z1s can use the same shared configuration. This drastically reduces the overhead involved in managing these remote devices. When a change is made to the template, that change is propagated to all of the networks bound to the template.
Wired and wireless access control
Security is critical any time remote devices are providing access to corporate resources. There are a variety of methods for managing wired and wireless access via the Z1, but the principal way is to use RADIUS authentication.
On the wireless side, this is accomplished with WPA2-Enterprise. Administrators can easily create a template with one corporate SSID on a VPN-enabled VLAN and secure that with WPA2-Enterprise.
Another SSID for personal use might be secured only with a passphrase. Different layer-3 and layer-7 firewall rules can be applied to these SSIDs to further augment security.
On the wired side, RADIUS authentication can be configured using built-in splash page functionality. The splash page is hosted in the Meraki cloud, so there is no need for the administrator to set up any servers or splash infrastructure.
Splash can be configured on a per-VLAN basis, such that users will only have to enter their credentials into the splash page in order to access the VLAN that is connected to the corporate VPN.
Tell me more, tell me more!
This post barely scratches the surface of the Z1's features and use cases. To learn more, check out the Z1 section on our website or contact us for more information.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has one of the best battery lives of any Android flagship on the market right now. It is, in fact, the first smartphone that I've carried in a long time that doesn't make me panic when I have to rush out of the house for a few hours on less than 40% battery. But this consistency and reliability don't mean that there are no times when I wish I could extend its battery life even more. Maybe for a road trip, a small weekend away, or any occasion where I don't know how long I will have to be away from a wall outlet.
ZeroLemon makes extended battery cases just for these occasions. It's an external battery that plugs into your phone and comes with a large TPU case that keeps them together so you don't have to worry about wires or carrying two separate things. And now they're just releasing the model that suits the Galaxy S7 Edge.
It's an 8500mAh battery, which should triple the battery life of your phone, but given the efficiency rate and loss in charging, will at least provide 150% more than your phone's 3600mAh battery. There are LED lights to indicate how much power it has left, pass-through charging to fill up the phone first then the external battery, and a port that lets you charge other devices too if the need arises. The only downside is the added bulk, but if you're only going to be using it on special days, it won't be a problem. ZeroLemon has provided a nice graphic to show you the exact dimensions of the whole setup.
The case only comes in black and it's going for $59.99 on Amazon right now, although the MSRP is $99.99, with free shipping.
EU diplomats have given up hope Ukraine will sign an association and free trade treaty at the Vilnius summit later this month.
The rupture comes after Ukrainian authorities on Monday (11 November) charged Serhiy Vlasenko, the lawyer of jailed former PM Yulia Tymoshenko, with domestic violence in a case which could see him also jailed for three years.
Vlasenko: 'They activated my case as another bright example of selective justice' (Photo: tymoshenko.ua)
The move came 48 hours before a European Parliament mission on Wednesday in Brussels gives a final verdict on whether Ukraine has stopped "selective justice."
It also came one week before EU foreign ministers next Monday decide whether to sign the pact at an EU summit with former Soviet states in the Lithuanian capital on 28 November.
Speaking to EUobserver from Kiev on Wednesday, Vlasenko said: "They activated my case as another bright example of selective justice."
He said they did it as a PR stunt to force the EU parliament to give a negative verdict, helping Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych to blame the Vilnius failure on the EU.
"I have no doubt in my mind Yanukovych has decided not to sign the treaty … But this enables him to say: 'Look. I did all my homework. I adopted a lot of pro-EU laws, except in the area of politically motivated cases. Now you should sign because of the Russian pressure on my country'."
An EU diplomat, who asked not to be named, gave the same opinion.
"We are sure the signature won't happen," he said.
"The Vlasenko case is designed to influence the EU parliament report. In this way, they are trying to provoke the EU to fire the first shot in the blame game of who is guilty for the non-signature."
He added that Yanukovych will probably come to Vilnius to sign minor agreements, such as a common aviation space with the EU, allowing cheap flights between European and Ukrainian cities, to keep EU relations ticking over.
He noted that Yanukovych is unlikely to join Russia's Customs Union either.
With the status quo helping the President's clan to stay in control of Ukrainian business and to retain power in upcoming presidential elections without interference from Brussels or Moscow, the EU diplomat added: "They want to keep both Russia and the EU at arm's length for as long as possible."
The Vlasenko development came as no surprise to EU negotiators.
The Ukrainian parliament is to hold an extraordinary session at 10.00am Kiev time on Wednesday to decide whether to let Tymoshenko go to Germany for medical treatment.
But relevant committees have not even drafted the bill which might see a positive outcome.
Vlasenko noted that Ukrainian prosecutors are also preparing material to prosecute the ex-PM in fresh cases on alleged embezzlement and on alleged involvement in a 1990s contract killing.
Vlasenko spoke to this website after being released on bail. But he fears being put in pre-trial detention at any moment.
He is charged with hitting his ex-wife, Natalya Okunska, in the face five times when she she visited his flat one evening in 2008, causing bruises.
He denies having ever hit her.
He said witnesses saw her leaving on the night in question with no marks on her face and no sign of distress.
"The administration is controlling all of her statements. She has access to the main TV channels and to all the top people in government," he noted.
He said when he was summoned to the prosecutor's office on Tuesday, Okunska was on the scene, with TV cameras, in an attempt to "incite" him to get angry.
He noted the former model is now running for parliament in a disputed seat linked to flawed parliamentary elections last year.
Vlasenko said there is "a one percent chance" his case is a trick by Ukraine to extract last-minute concessions from the EU, for instance, on trade tariffs.
He added it would be "a miracle" if the parliament found a way to free Tymoshenko at Wednesday's session.
The EU diplomat used the same word.
"It would be a miracle if parliament adopted the law," he said.
The diplomat noted that senior EU figures, such as Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite and Polish foreign minister Radek Sikorski, have "changed their rhetoric" in recent days.
The previous EU message was that if Ukraine does not sign the treaty in Vilnius it will slip, once and for all, into Russia's sphere of influence.
But recent statements say it would not be a disaster if the treaty is signed later on.
Content: Happy Dungeons Light Start Bundle
Check price and availability in your Xbox LIVE region
Game Description: Make the most of our value Bundle Packs, only available for purchase once! Purchase a Bundle Pack now and get a discount on 150 Happy Jewels for use at the in-game shop! Cut loose in the dungeons with up to 4 friends in Happy Dungeons, the cooperative action RPG that's just made for multiplayer gaming! So grab a pad and enjoy the witty, upbeat storyline that's never short of a surprise, all set within a bizarre world overflowing with comical characters. Vibrant graphics combine with high-speed, stomach-churning action to give you an experience like nothing else!Are you ready to embrace the challenge with your own party of little lunatics?
Purchase Happy Dungeons Light Start Bundle for Xbox One from the Xbox Games Store
Download Happy Dungeons for Xbox One from the Xbox Games Store
Product Info:
Developer: Toylogic Inc.
Publisher: Toylogic Inc.
Website: Happy Dungeons
Twitter: @Toylogic_en / @HappyDungeons
Image caption HTC and Apple are involved in various legal battles involving patent infringement claims
Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC has been dealt a big blow in its legal battle with Apple involving patent infringement claims.
The US International Trade Commission (ITC) has ruled that Apple did not violate patents as claimed by HTC in a complaint lodged last year.
HTC had asked the court to ban imports of several Apple products in to the US citing patent infringements.
HTC's shares fell as much as 6% after the ruling.
The case involved four patents held by HTC related to protecting data, storing contact information and managing the phone's power supply.
'Confident'
The judgement is another setback for HTC which is involved in a long and bitter battle with Apple.
In July this year, the Taiwanese phonemaker was found to have infringed two iPhone patents in a case brought by Apple at the ITC.
However, HTC said that despite the judgement, it was sticking to its claims.
"This is only one step of many in these legal proceedings. We are confident we have a strong case for the ITC appeals process and are fully prepared to protect our intellectual property," said Grace Lei, HTC's general counsel.
"We look forward to resolving this case, so we can continue creating the most innovative mobile experiences for consumers."
A full commission of the ITC is expected to decide in February, whether to uphold or reject the judge's decision.
Telescope Targets Black Holes' Binges And Burps
toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech
NASA's newest space telescope will start searching the universe for black holes on Wednesday. Scientists hope the NuSTAR X-ray telescope, which launched about six weeks ago and is now flying about 350 miles above the Earth, will help shed some light on the mysteries of these space oddities.
Mission control for the telescope is a small room on the University of California, Berkeley, campus, where about a dozen people with headsets rarely look up from their screens.
Fiona Harrison, a professor of physics and astronomy at the California Institute of Technology, is the principal scientist for the mission. If there's one word that describes her past few weeks, it's "nail-biting," she says.
The beginning of a space telescope's life is particularly stressful. It has to be switched on remotely, including the unfurling of a 33-foot arm that will act like a giant telephoto lens.
[Black holes] are sort of the Las Vegas of the universe. What happens in a black hole stays inside of a black hole. But on the outskirts of them, that is where there's tremendous action.
Now, the $170 million telescope is just about ready to begin its hunt for black holes.
"We're not actually seeing the black hole," Harrison says. "What you're actually seeing is the stuff that's attracted to it."
Harrison says they're called black holes because not even light can escape their gravity. But black holes aren't passive — they pull in tons of dust and gas. The material swirls around faster and faster, just like a bathtub drain, and gets hotter.
"The material is so hot that it radiates high-energy X-rays," she says, just like the ones doctors use. She says researchers observed them before, but it's like reading a book without your glasses.
"We know there's a story there, we know there's text, but we haven't been able to read the letters," she says.
With NuSTAR, they'll be able to see these X-rays at a higher resolution than ever before.
"It's incredibly exciting because we don't actually know what the text is going to say. And now we're going to be able to read it clearly for the first time," she says.
Harrison hopes the telescope will unlock some of the mysteries around black holes — like how they grow.
Eliot Quataert, an astronomy professor at UC Berkeley who is not on the mission staff, says black holes grow just like we do — by eating.
"They eat dramatically, but rarely," he says.
And at the very center of our galaxy, there's a supermassive black hole that has eaten quite a bit. But we're still here.
"The misconception that's out there is that black holes are a vacuum cleaner that will inevitably suck in everything around them," Quataert says. For the most part, black holes are on a forced diet — they've already eaten everything close by.
"But then every once in a while, there will be a lot of gas that gets funneled to the center of a galaxy, and the black hole will grow in a big spurt," he says.
Quataert says seeing this black hole mealtime with the telescope could reveal more about the extreme physics behind it. That could answer questions about how galaxies form. UC Berkeley astronomer Joshua Bloom hopes NuSTAR will find another strange phenomenon: black hole burps.
"You can think about this black hole burping as if you're on a feeding frenzy and you can't fit that many hot dogs in your mouth," Bloom says.
Early last year, Bloom and other astronomers noticed a black hole devouring a star. The black hole spit out a huge jet of material — a burp. That might sound weird, since nothing can escape a black hole, right?
"These are sort of the Las Vegas of the universe. What happens in a black hole stays inside of a black hole. But on the outskirts of them, that is where there's tremendous action," he says.
Bloom says they're hoping to see more of these rare events and others that are still unknown to astronomers. The NuSTAR space telescope's mission is expected to last at least two years.
Update Aug 2015: The Ward is now open for lunch Monday – Saturday at 11 am and Sunday at noon.
As we reported last month, Riverworks is going to be expanding over the coming months and the newest feature set to open at the multi-use facility is a casual dining restaurant called The Ward.
Set along the river-facing side of the facility, The Ward will have both indoor and outdoor seating stretching all the way from the ice rinks end of the building to the side facing the Labatt Blue silos.
Owned and operated by the same group that manages Pearl Street Grill and Brewery, The Ward will strive for the same level of food, beer and service – but with a new twist, according to executive chef Adam Irmer.
“The food is going to be contemporary American casual dining, with a bit of an emphasis on seafood,” he said. Irmer said some of the menu highlights include beef-on-weck dip with warm pretzels, shrimp margherita pizza, tater tot poutine, lobster rolls and conch fritters.
Both Pearl Street and its sister restaurant Pan American Bar are known for brewing their beer in-house, and Irmer said the same will eventually be true at The Ward. The Labatt Blue silos are set to be retro-fitted with brewing tanks to brew Pearl Street-style beers by 2016. In addition, Labatt Blue will be the only macrobrew available on draft.
Having worked at both the Buffalo Launch Club and the Red Coach Inn, Irmer said he's familiar with working on the waterfront and catering to boaters – adding that experience has informed how he shaped the menu at The Ward.
“At the Buffalo Launch Club, people would just come in off their boats and want a quick bite to eat and be out the door,” he said. “So that's kind of how I modeled this menu.”
In addition to being a full-service restaurant, The Ward will also be available to cater weddings and other events on Riverworks' upper floor, which holds up to 500 people. Irmer said they are currently looking at hosting food and beer pairing events in that space, as well as happy hour-type functions and corporate events. While the banquet space isn't completely finished yet, the executive chef said they are open to holding an event soon and suggested that interested parties inquire via email or phone.
From the pond hockey to pickleball leagues to roller derby, Riverworks will be putting on numerous events of its own, and Irmer suggested those wanting to get full service food and drinks from The Ward should get there early.
“If there's a concert or something going on and you get in the restaurant – you're lucky,” he said.
Irmer said the policy is still being hashed out, but anticipate some kind of minimum spending requirement for people looking to get restaurant seating for an event. He added that Riverworks will also have its concessions stands open for events, so those unable to lock down a seat won't be left out in the cold.
The Ward is scheduled to hold soft openings this week and open fully by next week.
For more info on The Ward, visit their website and follow RiverWorks on Facebook and Twitter.
The Ward @ Riverworks
359 Ganson St., Buffalo, New York
Old First Ward / South Buffalo
Hours: Mon – Sat open at ll am, Sunday open at Noon
WEBSITE
For updates on the best things to eat, drink & do in WNY, sign up for our newsletter!
AN EMAIL A DAY KEEPS THE FOMO AWAY GET STEP OUT'S NEWSLETTER IN YOUR INBOX Leave this field empty if you're human:
You might also like…
[justified_image_grid preset=4 row_height=130 height_deviation=1 prettyphoto_social=yes prettyphoto_analytics=yes caption=fixed mobile_caption=same timthumb_crop_zone=t limit=3 hidden_limit=6 max_rows=2 aspect_ratio=16:9 disable_cropping=no recent_posts=yes recents_description=nicetime recents_include=dining-news post_ids_exclude=current]
I've written before on How to Quit Drinking Alcohol, and one of the more important steps in overcoming an alcohol addiction is to understand the many benefits you will receive by living a healthier lifestyle.
A great way to do this is to make a list of these benefits, and refer to it often to reinforce your commitment to removing alcohol from your life. Here are a few good reasons to stop drinking to get you started down the road to a healthier lifestyle:
Health Reasons to Quit Drinking Alcohol: Your blood pressure will be closer to normal; your heart will beat at a slower and healthier rate; your liver will begin to heal; your eyes will be less red and your skin less blotchy; you will be a healthy weight and eat delicious meals; you will sleep more soundly and awaken more refreshed; you will have more energy; you will look more youthful and recover your enthusiasm for life; you will feel more inclined to exercise, and take part in healthy activities.
Mental Reasons to Quit Drinking Alcohol: Your brain will heal; you will become more mentally alert; your memory will improve; your resolve strengthened; your self-esteem will rise; you will feel free from addictions that have kept you down in the past; you will be fully aware of your surroundings.
Financial Reasons to Quit Drinking Alcohol: You will no longer waste money on alcohol; money saved can be used for more important, practical or enjoyable things; you will be more aware of your financial situation; you will be able to work harder and/or smarter since you now have the energy to do so; you can help out those in financial need; you can get out of debt, or put the money you save toward the purchase of a home or new car.
Spiritual Reasons to Quit Drinking Alcohol: Your mind and body will be in tune; you will be more giving toward others since you are less focused on your own wants; increased awareness of your spiritual side will benefit other areas of your life; you will appreciate the gift of health; nothing artificial will block your vision of your true self; you will be more aware of, and thankful for, your many blessings.
Relationship Reasons to Quit Drinking Alcohol: You will want to spend quality time with your spouse, children and friends; your sex life will improve; you will be more at peace with others as the silly arguments of the past seem to no longer occur. You will feel closer and more loved by your family.
You may have dozens of other reasons to quit drinking alcohol – and all of them are good. Remember, the more reasons you have for doing something, the more likely it is that you will do it. And by focusing on these positive reasons, you empower yourself to take action to change your life for the better. ♦
Hello Friends and Fans:
(Sorry for the late update but there was a lot of information to collect and collate... And the website finally goes live later on today! www.neuronmocap.com its a soft launch so be patient if there are some glitches.)
First of all — THANK YOU! To all the people that came down to see us at GDC.
On behalf of Alex, Daniel, Longwei, Lu, Patrick, Susy, Tobias, myself and the entire Perception Neuron team - we can't thank you enough for your phenomenal support!
Shell's Dance
Our launch party was amazing. Susy did a fantastic job organizing everything, and many of you have Alex to thank for coordinating and delivering your VIP invitations and passes to the show. We also have to give special thanks to our dancer Shell Stachowicz for her outstanding performance. Thank you as well to Guerilla Catering for their scrumptious food and libations and an extra special shout out to the Impact Hub San Francisco and their team who hosted our event and made everything perfect. For those of you who missed it, the evening was full of excitement. I went on stage and did a little speech and then Tristan said a few words (via pre-recorded video). We then showed off Shell's dance moves to the music of Lana Del Rey while an avatar powered by Perception Neuron mirrored her on a projection screen. No glitches except one of the straps on Shell's, lower leg came undone towards the end of her dance. But surprisingly this did little to mess with the on-screen avatar. (And by the way, we had 30 minutes to rehearse!) Then everyone came up to the stage to look at PN up close, ask us questions and just catch up on the progress. We got to meet a lot of our backers face to face for the first time which was awesome. We also met with a lot of press and of course we stayed up way past our bedtime!
The next day was the opening of the GDC Expo floor...
Awesome Perception Booth
Our booth looked amazing (if I may say so). We had 4 demo stations, 3 of which were dedicated for guest experiences. All our demos were performed via appointments so we could give one-on-one attention to each and every person, and we are glad we did because with only 7 of us, we were overwhelmed by the attention and interest we attracted.
So this was the setup.
Main Stage: Dancing and AXIS Neuron (Beta) Demo
On the main stage, Daniel was wearing a 29 Neuron setup - that is full body plus two hands. That is 17 Neurons to give you the full body and hands plus an additional 6 per hand to give you finger movement details. Your index finger has an additional socket for an additional Neuron to enhance accuracy, but we did not use it. Here Daniel was doing live demos of Axis Neuron beta and a Dancing program done in Unity. His PN system was broadcasting using WIFI. We had some occasional bandwidth issues with our WIFI as the 2.4GHZ band was extremely congested at the show. That caused some data packet loss at times but overall the performance was excellent. This also gave us a chance to look at how the equipment fared with someone wearing it for 8 hours straight (yes - poor Daniel was in that outfit from 10 to 6!). I am glad to report that PN did much better than Daniel!
Hand Basketball Demo
This was a public demo using the glove where we had a PN glove with 6+3 Neurons. The system was wired via USB and we used one of Tobias' Unity games where users get to pick up different types of balls and shoot them into various targets. The game was a big hit! We encountered two issues. The first one was that we did not have a solution for where to put the hub. So we just left it dangling - bad idea. After dozens of people, the stress of a dangling cord, hub weight and USB cable stressed the connector and simply pulled it out. We also confirmed the issue with the glove regarding the requirement for an exact fit to the user (which we already knew about). The gloves are a “catch-22” - either we do exact sizing with no flexibility for multiple users OR we do an adaptable solution which requires a lot of tinkering to get it “tightly” on.
Full Body Demo
In this public demo, we put on a 17 Neuron full body kit on our guests. We showed them calibration using Axis and then allowed them to experience AXIS Neuron. We then let them play around with one of two games. The first was a soccer game where you get to kick a ball into a net, but it was difficult to use because we could not let our players use the Oculus as we were afraid of people would hurt themselves (we did not have enough space!). Then we had this old game, designed 2 years ago where you get to slash through incoming werewolves. I have to say it is not very impressive, as the movement and the action was not very responsive, but the press liked the fact that it was visually exciting and it did match the theme of GDC. This station — was — our media/press demo station! The full body setup work admirably with no problems even though we kept putting it on and pulling it off people. We used the system via wired USB and the only small functional issue I saw was what I mentioned before, the lack of responsiveness from the werewolf game. Everything else here worked flawlessly. Guests loved the full immersion.
Flying game
Finally our last public demo was the flying game. This demo used a 3-Neuron setup on the arm allowing users to fly through a virtual world and shoot at targets or each other while using Oculus Rift DK2. Two people could play at the same time on this game. We had some networking issues here. The Neurons worked fine, but since we were using 2 computers networked to allow for the 2-user experience, the program froze a lot. Some people loved it, others did not. I personally think it is still an issue of people getting used to the HMD motion sickness factor.
We also had Tobias, our Game Programmer Extraordinaire, on hand to answer any questions developers had. He had his own station and spent quite a bit of time interacting with other gaming professionals inquiring about the ins and outs of PN beyond the hardware.
The response overall was spectacular. We could not have asked for more. The press, guests, attendees and backers we met were all impressed by Perception Neuron and we had a lot of people wanting it NOW! But as you know we are our biggest critics. Our little Neuron did perform amazingly well - actually beyond our expectations, but we identified some functional issues with the strap system, connectors and sockets we could not have anticipated without real-world usage.
So as these issues were emerging, we were back and forth with Tristan and the Beijing crew reporting, discussing and putting a plan in action to resolve these problems.
Here is the result...
We have definitely identified some weak points in our strap, connector and socket system. For example the overlapping hook & loop areas are too small and can come undone especially for larger individuals doing big movements. We also identified issues with the sockets, where the Neuron and the connectors would come loose under repeated stress. Additionally, we have ordered longer cables to fit taller individuals and reduce stress on connectors. Basically, we need to make a about a dozen updates that require tooling adjustments and additional orders. This is unfortunately the repercussion of building a system that is adaptable to all body heights and shapes. Don't worry, we are not going back to the drawing board, but when you are doing mass production, it is a significant delay. We are currently pushing back the beginning of our ship date to April. Tristan wanted to say an exact date, but I forbade him, so you can all blame me.
This will of course push back all delivery dates by the same amount of time. Please do not ask for an exact ship date as we will not be able to provide that for you. We apologize for any delays or inconveniences this may cause any of you and as a sign of good faith we will offer refunds to anyone who wishes. Please note that all refunds are final (ie. you cannot change your mind later!). To get a refund you will need to contact us through the Kickstarter messaging system and note the pledge level you committed to. We will process the refunds as soon as we receive them.
Bad News… Good News!
I also have another piece of bad news which is also sort of good news. The Rumbler which was a stretch goal has proven much more complicated to build than expected and there has been little interest in maintaining it as a permanent item in our product line. If we were to continue production on this item, it would delay shipment by several months. Haptic feedback devices are being developed at a rapid pace and there are a lot more interesting avenues to explore in the near future, so the Rumbler seems to be a waste of time… But there is good news wrapped up in this… We are not just taking the Rumbler away, we are replacing it!
For 10 Neuron pledge level = You get ONE EXTRA FREE NEURON for a TOTAL of 11 NEURONS
For 20 Neuron pledge level = You get ONE EXTRA FREE NEURON + a 16 Gig Micro SD Card for a TOTAL of 21 NEURONS and onboard recording
For 30 Neuron pledge level = You get TWO EXTRA FREE NEURON for a TOTAL of 32 NEURONS
So what does this mean? Well, with this upgrade you get more configuration options for your system as you can see in the diagram below.
We hope everyone will see these new rewards as a Free upgrade for their Perception Neuron system. We want all our backers to be rewarded and happy, but we understand if they have changed their minds, and as we have said before, we will honor refunds. Just contact us through Kickstarter messaging.
Also as a side note, our software is now called AXIS NEURON and AXIS NEURON PRO, formerly AXIS Lite and AXIS. No changes have been made to this stretch goal. Backers will still get a 6 month free license to AXIS NEURON PRO, but we have also added some new features to AXIS NEURON and continue to do so. Stay tuned.
Post KickStarter Pricing
This brings us to our next topic, post KS pricing. Perception Neuron is a professional piece of equipment priced at a consumer or rather prosumer price. It is NOT a consumer product. Anyone who has mistakenly thought of PN as consumer product is wrong. It is definitely a stepping stone towards a consumer product, and the ultimate affordable “chemistry set” for developers and makers to experiment with a new digital input device. It is also a high precision piece of equipment with hundreds of components, many of which have to be custom assembled for each kit. PN is also not a mass production product. Several thousands will be made and economies of scale will not come into effect to significantly reduce the price the way they would if we produced in millions. The post KS pricing was not randomly selected, it was based on the actual cost of manufacturing - something we had underestimated a great deal prior to our KS. We also decided to start with a simpler model offering only one single option and very limited accessories. In addition, we will only ship to the United States and Canada on launch. Don't worry, this will of course change in the future. We will expand our offering, ship to destinations and of course lower the prices as soon as we can.
So here are the options:
32 Neuron Alum Edition $1499 (Full body with gloves)
Single Neuron $30
Single Glove (left or right - Neurons not included) $100
Glove Pair (Left and Right - Neurons not included) $200
But we also want to help students and educational institutions, so anyone with an “.edu” address and matching name/order name will get a special discount.
32 Neuron Alum Academic $1199 (Full body with gloves)
18 Neuron Alum Academic $799 (Full body with NO gloves) - ONLY AVAILABLE to academic entities and students
For complete details see website at www.neuronmocap.com
For all our KS backers, the pledges you made were an incredible opportunity to pre-order a groundbreaking piece of technology at an incredible price. The post-KS pricing, with its academic options, remains the most affordable and adaptable motion capture option in the industry, priced in line with the average "good" laptop and cheaper than most professional 3D software. Nevertheless, our commitment is to make Perception Neuron even more accessible in the future and we will continue to work towards that goal.
Thats it for now… Stay tuned for more soon!
The Miami and Beijing Team!
The Syracuse Orange lost to the Pittsburgh Panthers, 72-71 in the second round of the ACC Tournament. The score probably doesn't matter, and neither does the location. Since Jamie Dixon took over the program, Pitt beating SU has been a far-too-common occurrence (14 out of last 20 tries). But it's not just THAT it happens every time. But HOW. A look at recent matchups between the two (John Swofford-mandated) "rivals":
Pitt 72, Syracuse 71
Syracuse jumps out to early lead, but Pitt pulls ahead by the half. After seemingly having the game in hand, the Panthers falter and allow the Orange back into it. However, Trevor Cooney misses a late three and Pitt advances. Despite averaging just over four points per game going into the contest, Cameron Johnson scores 24 points in the win.
Pitt 65, Syracuse 52
Syracuse jumps out to early lead, but Pitt pulls ahead by the half. The Orange lead once again after battling back mid-way through the second half, but ultimately fall when the game devolves into a rock fight with Pitt happily nailing threes as the unfortunate closer. Michael Young grabs 13 rebounds for the Panthers, nearly double his per-game season average.
Pitt 72, Syracuse 61
Syracuse struggles from the floor early, but clamps down on defense to get a tie game heading into halftime. The Orange grab a big lead, give it away, gain it back and then get bludgeoned to death down the stretch as Pitt wins on a 14-2 run. Chris Jones scores 10 in 26 minutes. His season average is just over six points.
Pitt 65, Syracuse 61
Syracuse starts slow but grabs a lead late in the first half, then Pitt retakes the advantage before halftime. Pitt seemingly puts the Orange away early in the second, then ends up having to fight off SU for the rest of the game. Syracuse stays within a possession or two for the final six minutes. Chris Jones hits five threes en route to 19 points (his season average was 8.5).
Pitt 83, Syracuse 77
Syracuse jumps out to a big lead, and despite the Panthers chipping away, they manage to keep it through the first half. Pitt beats the hell out of them in the second half, ultimately leaving with a close win they pulled from the jaws of defeat in the final few minutes of the game. Sheldon Jeter scores 18 despite a season average of just 4.7 points per game.
... you get the picture at this point, I'm sure.
Despite having similar talent levels for the last two years, and similar situations in-game, these contests all went the same way. I could extrapolate this out to include far more Pitt-Syracuse matchups, but that seems too sadistic -- even for me. Besides, you're already playing them through your head right now anyway. They all start and end the same. Occasionally, Tyler Ennis hits a miracle three to flip the script (that's also the last time we beat Pitt...). But largely, the Orange play well to start, hit a huge speed bump mid-game and then eventually succumb in the end.
How?
The answer is simple. And at the same time, it isn't. Pitt, like most teams that have found success against Syracuse's zone, ride a hot shooter all the way home. You know the names in your head. We don't need to go there.
Pitt also tries to out-physical the Orange. This has been especially effective lately when SU is pretty light inside. Last year's team was largely Rakeem Christmas and that's it. This year's team has a definitive weakness on the interior. Having bigs that play well and crash the boards isn't a guaranteed recipe for success against Syracuse, though. A much more talented North Carolina squad has had its hands full twice this year against the Orange. The Heels have better big men than Pitt. Georgetown, for all their lauded center play way back in time, never used that to completely stifle the zone. It couldn't.
So what is it? Perhaps it's Jamie Dixon. And specifically, his strategy to attack the zone.
***
I'm not your basketball X's and O's guy. But I can understand how an effective play sets up, especially against a zone defense I've probably watched a thousand times or so. This explanation here, as crude as the setup may be, actually gets into some of what makes Pitt's offense work well against SU. The basics: Constantly have players either setting picks or cutting to the basket. The misdirection on the inside eventually either frees up a man on the perimeter (hi, random shooting performances!) or allows for a pass inside and direct to the basket.
"If a random website can draw up what Dixon does to Syracuse, why doesn't everyone do it?"
This is the most confounding part of it all -- to me, anyway. Perhaps it's the players Dixon specifically brings to Pitt, knowing that the Panthers will face the Orange twice every year. It's not like Pitt basketball is doing anything amazing most years outside of beating SU. So are the players and the system just built to beat Syracuse, and then see what happens against everyone else?
It's only far-fetched if you don't have quality players (which Pitt does) to beat the other teams on your schedule too. I don't claim to know exactly how and why Dixon recruits the athletes he does. But the zone familiarity is certainly a benefit for his team, and it's one that has been passed down through a couple different roster iterations now too.
***
No, Syracuse isn't doomed to lose to Pitt every time out there. It just feels like it right now. And for much of the last 10 years (from 2007 to now) when the Orange have only beaten the Panthers four times in 14 tries. They were 0-for-4 against them while I was on campus. Ugh...
They may not be RIVALS the same way Georgetown is. But with a bond forever held by realignment, Pitt could eventually -- through pure hatred and frustration -- find their way into our consciousness somehow. Perhaps this latest matchup finally earned them that upper-case "R" "Rivalry" distinction?
Despite promises to the contrary on the campaign trail, the Obama administration has announced an escalation in its war on legal medical marijuana dispensaries in California and elsewhere.
Federal prosecutors have sent letters to landlords and owners of dispensaries across California warning them to halt sales of marijuana within 45 days or face property seizures and other legal backlash, though some raids have already commenced.
Driving Marijuana Back into the Black Market
“This is much worse than reneging on a campaign pledge or being bad politics at a time when 80 percent of the public supports medical marijuana,” Neill Franklin, the executive director of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition, said in a statement. “This crackdown is going to endanger public safety. The fact is, people in California and the other states with medical marijuana laws are going to use their doctor-recommended marijuana whether the Department of Justice likes it or not."
The question, Franklin points out, is whether patients will purchase their marijuana legally and safely at a dispensary or whether they will turn to an inevitably dangerous and violent black market. Will we regulate and tax marijuana sales or spend billions fighting a never-ending war on drugs?
“ The president should be focusing on creating more jobs," Franklin noted, "not threatening to close down businesses that are bringing commerce to their communities.”
In a press conference today, the four US Attorneys in California announced they would begin prosecuting operations across California in earnest, going much further than the Bush administration in cracking down on legal medical marijuana.
"How can the Obama administration say that it's fine for sick people to use this proven medicine, and yet tell them they can't have any legal place to get it?” asked Rob Kampia, executive director of the Marijuana Policy Project. “Medical marijuana isn't going away. Over 70 percent of Americans support making medical marijuana legal, and 16 states allow it.”
Kampia also noted that the policy would cause needless suffering in many patients who would no longer have access to medical marijuana. No doubt many medical marijuana patients do use the drug for recreational purposes, but that doesn't change the fact that many very real patients will suffer due to this administration's efforts to strangle medical marijuana in its cradle.
Yes But What About the Children?
The war on drugs has been a failure. Full stop.
The Obama administration's refusal to live up to its promises and its inexplicable decision to push medical marijuana back into the violent black market is yet another blotch on the administration's already abysmal record on prohibition. Instead of either allowing states to handle marijuana law on their own or taking a hands-off approach as promised, Obama is ramping up an expensive and futile war, this time on people who often rely on marijuana for their health.
Furthermore, there is simply no justification for this move, which creates unnecessary violence and wastes taxpayer dollars on something that has been overwhelmingly supported at the polls. In a democratic effort to create legal and safe access to marijuana in nine states in this country, voters have spoken. The federal government and the Obama administration have refused to listen.
This is simply government overreach without even the faint whisper of a purpose, yet another in a long list of disappointments from this president, whose record on drugs, immigration, and now the assassination of American citizens is even worse than his predecessor.
No matter how badly I want to support Barack Obama, no matter how much worse I think his presidential opponents are, I can't help but think he's sticking a hot poker in our eyes and laughing at those of us who could be his most ardent supporters.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
For us Christians who believe in absolute sovereignty in the classical sense — that is, a God with an optimal predetermined plan for everything — we see appellate prayer not as a way to derail God's plan of action, but to express ourselves and establish a conduit by which a communicative connection can be made between ourselves and God.
1 John 5:14
And this is the confidence that we have toward him, that if we ask anything according to his will he hears us.
That is, when we pray for something in service of his will, and that thing comes to pass in startlingly, apparently significant ways, it's not as if we think those prayers surprised or jarred God into action.
With All of Our Hearts
We who reject such a “surprising God” paradigm say instead that, by praying for something, we engage in two important Graces.
First, we're given a release to express our tensile poverties and weaknesses.
Philippians 4:5b-7
The Lord is near. Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
Second, we're establishing a “flagpost A,” and when the thing comes to pass as “flagpost B,” we ostensibly have communicative evidence and, as such, appellate prayer is a vital “faith-helper.”
Jeremiah 20:13, 33:3
[To the exiles in Babylon:] You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart. … Call to me and I will answer you, and will tell you great and hidden things that you have not known.
1 Chronicles 16:11
Look to the Lord and his strength; seek his face always.
That's what it means to say that God answers prayer, even while being completely sovereign (in the classical sense) and non-contingent. This is also why we echo Christ and say in our hearts to the Father, after every appeal, “Yet not my will, but yours be done.”
We temper and humble ourselves also because we know that we're really bad at asking for what we really need.
Sometimes this is due to selfishness, but other times it's merely due to our woefully volatile and corrupt interest sets, combined with our pathetic faculties of discernment and foresight.
James 4:3,8a
You ask and do not receive, because you ask wrongly, to spend it on your passions… Come near to God and he will come near to you.
As a result, “Flagpost B,” is very often completely unexpected, very often shrewdly timed, and very often startlingly profound, because the Spirit transforms our subpar vocalizations into secret prayers that conform to the Father's sovereign will.
Romans 8:26-27
Likewise the Spirit helps us in our weakness. For we do not know what to pray for as we ought, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groanings too deep for words. And he who searches our hearts knows the mind of the Spirit, because the Spirit intercedes for God's people in accordance with the will of God.
With All of Our Minds
At the same time, if we're to have the kind of faith that is reasonable, we have to be self-critical and temper our faith with careful scrutiny.
It's all-too-easy to go from what we Christians consider healthy faith into destructive superstition, over-attributing every little thing to miraculous divine intervention. You've seen this happen when reckless Christians claim God's miraculous stamp of approval for every decision they make, and when certain Christians, like modern-day Dr. Panglosses, arrogantly and sinfully make false prophesies about the specific reasons for natural disasters and the like.
We have all sorts of skeptic's considerations to keep our judgments prudently humble which we must diligently employ.
Littlewood's Law . Given enough time, weird stuff is bound to happen naturally and without discernible purpose. (Be careful with this one; “enough” is an ungrounded antecedent.)
. Given enough time, weird stuff is bound to happen naturally and without discernible purpose. (Be careful with this one; “enough” is an ungrounded antecedent.) Confirmation bias . We tend to recklessly rush to conclusions when we'd prefer them to be true.
. We tend to recklessly rush to conclusions when we'd prefer them to be true. Placebo. Thoughts and attitudes can have recursive psychological and physiological effects on ourselves. This isn't inherently bad or good; there are healthy and unhealthy ways that this can affect us.
That said, there may come a threshold, in an individual's experience, after this healthy scrutiny, at which it can be reasonable to conclude “God.”
Counterintuitively, this can be reasonable even if God doesn't exist or doesn't answer prayer. Reason (in the Kantian sense) proceeds from fully-considered experience tempered by fully-employed logic, and is not synonymous with “truth,” because an appeal is made to an individual's corrupt faculties of observation and contemplation.
At the same time, we're not Solipsists in practice, and so we come to conclusions given imperfect evidence. We do our best prep, then make our best guess. Relentless skepticism is not a religion, but relentless skepticism risks an opportunity cost, just like any religion.
Between Heart and Mind
Prayer is our tether to an interactive God, who is nonetheless “He Who Is Unseen.” It's a prerequisite for reasonable faith, essential for genuine humility, and a conduit to unload our anxieties to he who is in complete control of the global situation.
But his activity is subtle and shrewd, and the wisdom underpinning it — beyond human understanding or dissection — warrants humble, diligent seeking and sifting, and not reckless prophesying.
The first announcement introduced former outfielder Billy Bean as the Ambassador for Inclusion and announced the late Glenn Burke as baseball's gay pioneer. The second was to make official a partnership between MLB and Athlete Ally, a nonprofit organization on a mission to eliminate homophobia and transphobia in sports and champion LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) equality.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Inclusion was the theme of two major announcements that came from Major League Baseball on Tuesday as it took another dramatic step with its ongoing efforts to wipe out discrimination of all types in the sport.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Inclusion was the theme of two major announcements that came from Major League Baseball on Tuesday as it took another dramatic step with its ongoing efforts to wipe out discrimination of all types in the sport.
The first announcement introduced former outfielder Billy Bean as the Ambassador for Inclusion and announced the late Glenn Burke as baseball's gay pioneer. The second was to make official a partnership between MLB and Athlete Ally, a nonprofit organization on a mission to eliminate homophobia and transphobia in sports and champion LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) equality.
MLB, in conjunction with Major League Baseball Advanced Media (MLBAM), has formed a strategic alliance to provide education and training on respect and inclusion in the workplace.
"Athlete Ally will work not only with players, but also with front office personnel on these issues," MLB Chief Operating Officer Rob Manfred said.
Additionally, MLB and MLBAM will work with Athlete Ally and various groups involved in the LGBT community to develop an internship program. Interns will work in both the Commissioner's Office and Major League Baseball Advanced Media.
Athlete Ally, which has been working with MLB for the past year at the Winter Meetings, the Rookie Career Development Program and the Diversity Summit, will assist MLB in targeting and hiring qualified intern candidates.
"We're in a time that people are realizing the LGBT community is part of the athletic community," said Hudson Taylor, founder of Athlete Ally. "For a period of time we didn't talk about it, we didn't address it. It really went unmentioned and undiscussed. The fact that athletes are coming out, the fact that allies are speaking out and the league has passed a non-discrimination policy ... sport is on the front lines of social change, and I think we're seeing that intersect in a really fascinating way."
Athlete Ally has had a presence throughout All-Star Week. Their booth at the T-Mobile All-Star FanFest helped bring awareness to the cause, as did a visit by former Yankees manager and current MLB executive Joe Torre, who signed the Athlete Ally pledge to "welcome all persons, regardless of their perceived or actual sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression."
Commissioner Bud Selig also signed the pledge following the news conference that welcomed Bean to his position.
Hall of Famer Yogi Berra also offered his public endorsement of Athlete Ally and displayed the organization's mission at his museum and learning center in New Jersey.
Although the spotlight was firmly on the All-Star Game and the All-Star players on Tuesday, the significance of two historic announcements earlier in the day was not lost on the game's most visible dignitaries or the folks working tirelessly to create an equal and fair environment across baseball's landscape.
"Creating inclusive cultures requires explicitly inclusive actions," Taylor said. "Today's honoring of Glenn Burke's legacy and of his family, the league's hiring of Billy Bean, its announcement of LGBT internships, and this strategic alliance with Athlete Ally shows baseball is committed to creating an inclusive culture."
Le maître de Damas peut jubiler. « Je veux assurer que ce qui se passe aujourd'hui, c'est l'histoire, que tout citoyen syrien est en train d'écrire », fanfaronne Bachar el-Assad dans une courte vidéo, filmée, semble-t-il, à l'aide d'un téléphone portable et diffusée sur le compte Facebook de la présidence. « Avec la libération d'Alep, on dira que la situation a changé, pas seulement pour la Syrie, pas seulement pour la région, mais pour tout le monde », a-t-il poursuivi, sourire aux lèvres, comme pour mieux narguer les dirigeants occidentaux qui prédisaient sa défaite.
« Bachar el-Assad ne mériterait pas d'être sur la terre », lançait ainsi dès août 2012 le ministre français des Affaires étrangères Laurent Fabius, estimant que le régime syrien devait « être abattu, et rapidement ». Aujourd'hui président du Conseil constitutionnel, l'ancien numéro deux du gouvernement français ne peut que constater, non sans amertume, le renforcement au pouvoir de celui qu'il vouait aux gémonies.
REGARDEZ Bachar al-Assad se réjouir de "la libération d'Alep"
"37 Quai d'Orsay : diplomatie française 2012-2016" de Laurent Fabius (Éditions Plon), 17,90 euros. © DR
À l'occasion de la sortie de son livre 37 Quai d'Orsay (Éditions Plon)*, Laurent Fabius rappelle que la situation militaire en 2012 était tout autre. En juin, la révolte syrienne a gagné l'ensemble du pays, malgré la féroce répression du régime. L'armée syrienne libre (ASL), force d'inspiration démocratique et nationaliste composée en partie de déserteurs de l'armée régulière, progresse en direction des grandes villes. Le Front al-Nosra, qui n'est pas encore la branche syrienne d'Al-Qaïda, vient de voir le jour. L'État islamique n'existe pas encore dans le pays. Les défections se multiplient au sein du régime alors que celui-ci commet déjà des massacres contre des civils, notamment à Houla et à al-Qoubir, dans l'ouest du pays. Mais la Russie bloque déjà toute tentative de résolution condamnant Damas à l'ONU, en usant de son veto au Conseil de sécurité.
Genève I : la « gigantesque occasion ratée »
Une grande conférence internationale est organisée à Genève pour trouver une issue pacifique au conflit et garantir l'avenir politique de la Syrie. « La quasi-totalité de mes collègues estiment, alors, que Bachar va tomber », affirme Laurent Fabius dans 37 Quai d'Orsay. « Le débat entre nous tous n'est pas principalement de savoir si Bachar va partir, mais quand et comment. » Parmi ses collègues figure, selon le ministre français, Sergueï Lavrov, son homologue russe, soutien indéfectible de Bachar el-Assad. « Au cours d'une interruption de séance, Sergueï Lavrov, dont la position officielle est que la décision concernant Bachar appartient aux Syriens eux-mêmes, me dit : L'accueillir chez nous, en Russie, ce ne sera pas possible, nous en avons déjà plusieurs… »
Les discussions avancent. Les diplomates se mettent d'accord sur la formation d'un gouvernement d'union nationale, incluant des membres du régime comme de l'opposition syrienne. D'après le texte, une nouvelle entité gouvernementale « dotée de tous les pouvoirs exécutifs » doit être mise en place. « Ce qui signifie, si les mots ont un sens, que Bachar ne disposera plus de tous les pouvoirs », insiste Laurent Fabius.
« Alors que nous rédigeons le projet de communiqué, le ministre russe sort pour une longue conversation téléphonique, poursuit le ministre. À son retour, il demande et obtient que soit ajoutée dans un passage du texte la formule par consentement mutuel. Depuis, à chacune de nos réunions internationales sur la Syrie, nous butons sur cette contradiction : d'un côté, le communiqué de Genève I précise qu'une nouvelle entité gouvernementale devra être dotée de tous les pouvoirs, de l'autre, les Russes – et les Iraniens – soulignent que, selon ce même texte, la séquence devra recueillir un consensus, donc l'accord de Bachar » : une « gigantesque occasion ratée », résume l'ancien chef de la diplomatie française.
Mais en souhaitant écarter d'office Bachar el-Assad, alors toujours président à l'époque, la France ne s'est-elle pas mise en porte-à-faux en sous-estimant le pouvoir de résilience du maître de Damas et de son indéfectible allié russe ? « Qu'aurions-nous pu faire d'autre ? » nous demande l'un des plus hauts diplomates français de l'époque. « On ne pouvait pas parler avec Bachar el-Assad, cela ne servait à rien. Et nous avons peu à peu adouci notre position, en acceptant qu'il puisse faire partie du processus de transition, en le quittant à un moment ou un autre. »
Peu d'armes livrées à l'ASL
Profitant de l'impasse diplomatique, l'Iran, autre soutien-clé de Bachar el-Assad, décide à l'automne 2012 d'envoyer des troupes du Hezbollah libanais pour porter secours au président syrien. Aidée de ces milliers de combattants, l'armée syrienne lance au printemps 2013 une contre-offensive lui permettant notamment de couper les rebelles de leur base arrière au Liban.
En difficulté, l'Armée syrienne libre l'est d'autant plus qu'elle ne reçoit pas l'aide militaire escomptée de ses soutiens. « Nous, Occidentaux, hésitons à nous engager massivement dans le soutien opérationnel à ces groupes », explique Laurent Fabius. « Nous avons livré des équipements qui n'étaient pas sophistiqués », confie le haut diplomate cité plus haut. « Mais nous n'avons pas fourni de missiles sol-air qui auraient pu se retrouver entre les mains de terroristes, si ces derniers les confisquaient aux opposants modérés. »
D'autres États ne s'embarrassent pas de tels détails. Obnubilés par la chute de Bachar el-Assad, l'Arabie saoudite, le Qatar et la Turquie vont notamment financer, outre des groupes affiliés à l'ASL, le Front islamique syrien, coalition de groupes islamistes ne faisant pas partie de l'ASL, mais aussi le Front al-Nosra, branche syrienne d'Al-Qaïda. « Certains partenaires de la région n'ont pas ces réserves et procèdent à des distributions diverses sans guère de discernement, contribuant à affaiblir la frange modérée de l'opposition », écrit l'ancien ministre des Affaires étrangères.
L'attaque chimique de la Ghouta
Le 21 août 2013, une attaque chimique d'ampleur frappe les quartiers rebelles de la plaine de la Ghouta, située en banlieue de Damas. Tous les regards se tournent alors vers Bachar el-Assad, qui dispose d'un arsenal chimique important. « Je demande à nos services de vérifier immédiatement cette information très grave », raconte Laurent Fabius. « Oui, répondent-ils après enquête, le régime a bien eu recours au chimique, ponctuellement plusieurs fois au cours des mois précédents, et à la Ghouta, où il les a utilisés massivement. Ce sont ces mêmes excellents services qui, quelques années plus tôt, ont démontré au président Chirac que, contrairement aux affirmations américaines, Saddam Hussein ne possédait pas d'armes de destruction massive. »
Pour l'Occident, la « ligne rouge » tracée par Barack Obama un an plus tôt, prévoyant une réponse ferme en cas d'utilisation de l'arme chimique par Damas, est allègrement franchie. La France, le Royaume-Uni et les États-Unis se préparent à punir le régime syrien. Sur le terrain, les rebelles se tiennent prêts à lui porter le coup de grâce. Le scénario libyen – et le chaos qui s'est ensuivi – est-il en train de se reproduire ? « Il ne s'agissait pas d'anéantir le régime syrien, mais de frapper des sites sensibles pour l'affaiblir », explique le haut diplomate français. « C'était un dernier avertissement, visant à forcer le régime à négocier sérieusement avec l'opposition. Et à l'époque, il y avait une opposition modérée en Syrie, et pas autant de terroristes. »
Premier coup de théâtre. Le 27 août, le Premier ministre britannique annonce qu'il conditionne sa participation à l'accord préalable de son Parlement, qu'il n'obtiendra pas. Et quatre jours plus tard, c'est la stupeur : le président de la République reçoit un coup de téléphone. De l'autre côté du fil, Barack Obama. « J'ai besoin de temps. La décision des Britanniques constitue un élément nouveau », affirme le pensionnaire de la Maison-Blanche, selon des propos rapportés par Laurent Fabius. « D'autre part, nous ne bénéficierons pas de l'appui unanime du Conseil de sécurité ; et puis, il serait utile de consulter le Sénat… »
La volte-face d'Obama
S'il ne l'affirme pas clairement, Barack Obama signifie à demi-mot à son interlocuteur français qu'il n'interviendra pas en Syrie. La France est lâchée par son principal allié. « Obama nous a mis dans la mouise », confie, dans des termes peu habituels, le haut diplomate français. « Il était dès lors impossible d'agir seul. L'intervention militaire prévoyait un partage des rôles et, politiquement, après la reculade d'Obama, on ne pouvait obtenir un consensus au Conseil de sécurité de l'ONU. Et pours la France, souligne-t-il, le droit international est important. »
Paris se sent d'autant plus trahi que le président américain va conclure dans son dos, avec Vladimir Poutine, un rocambolesque accord prévoyant le démantèlement de l'arsenal chimique syrien. « Lorsque vous êtes la première puissance au monde, et même si vous vous êtes engagés à retirer vos troupes du Moyen-Orient, vous ne pouvez tergiverser sur la Syrie, surtout quand vous avez fixé des lignes rouges », fulmine le haut fonctionnaire français.
Particulièrement échaudé par cet épisode, Laurent Fabius s'en prend personnellement à Barack Obama. « La responsabilité de Barack Obama dans l'évolution du drame syrien ne doit pas être sous-estimée », écrit-il. « Je dis Barack Obama, car il s'agit de choix personnels de sa part, dont certains n'étaient pas partagés par ses secrétaires d'État successifs. Hillary Clinton, tout en se montrant loyale, a souligné elle-même qu'elle aurait souhaité une politique plus ferme au Moyen-Orient. John Kerry, lors de plusieurs discussions sur la volte-face d'août 2013, m'a indiqué qu'il avait été surpris par cette décision présidentielle, contraire à ses recommandations. »
Évoquant un « coup de poignard » dans le dos, l'opposition armée se délite au profit de formations islamistes et djihadistes. Le Front al-Nosra se renforce, l'État islamique est proclamé à cheval sur la Syrie et l'Irak. « Lorsque vous recevez des bombes sur la tête et que l'opposition modérée est réfugiée à l'étranger, vous vous rapprochez inexorablement des groupes terroristes qui ont de l'argent », résume le haut diplomate.
Les attentats du 13 novembre
La « chance » de l'opposition syrienne a définitivement tourné. D'autant que Barack Obama décide finalement de s'engager en Syrie, non contre Bachar el-Assad, mais contre les djihadistes de Daech et d'al-Nosra. Pour l'heure, la France refuse d'intervenir en Syrie, de peur de faire le jeu du président syrien. « Soutenir Bachar, c'est d'une certaine façon soutenir le terrorisme, dans la mesure où ils se légitiment l'un l'autre, explique Laurent Fabius. Ils sont l'avers et le revers de la même médaille. D'ailleurs, beaucoup d'indications montrent que Bachar a instrumentalisé Daech : prisons vidées opportunément de leurs terroristes islamistes pour grossir ses rangs, achat de pétrole à l'État islamique, abandon de territoires devant son avancée, ciblage de l'opposition modérée là où elle faisait face au groupe terroriste ont fait partie de la stratégie du régime syrien. »
Le haut diplomate cite d'ailleurs un épisode troublant. « On sait que Bachar el-Assad achetait du pétrole à Daech. Nous avions identifié un convoi de plusieurs camions en Syrie et nous étions prêts à les frapper : devinez qui nous en a dissuadés, sous prétexte que le chauffeur n'était peut-être pas membre de Daech ? » Les attentats du 13 novembre 2015 bouleversent le dogme français du « ni Daech ni Bachar ». Privilégiant désormais la lutte contre Daech, la France, qui intervient depuis septembre en Syrie, tente de réunir une grande coalition contre le terrorisme en s'appuyant sur la Russie, elle aussi engagée contre le « terrorisme ».
Or, pour Laurent Fabius, c'est « surtout sur l'opposition modérée, plus que sur Daech et Al-Qaïda, que les Russes ont concentré leurs frappes ». « Les renseignements dont nous disposons l'attestent, souligne l'ancien ministre. Poutine avait promis le contraire au président français lors d'un dîner, le 26 novembre 2015, à la suite des attentats du Bataclan. Cette promesse-là non plus n'a pas été honorée. Il faut avoir un masque sur les yeux pour ne pas voir ces contradictions et ces manquements graves. »
Détermination russe
Pionnière dans le soutien politique à l'opposition syrienne, la France va dès lors se retrouver sur la touche, au profit du « couple américano-russe ». « On ne pouvait agir seul », répète le diplomate, qui récuse le qualificatif de « puissance moyenne » qui lui est proposé. « Au final, nous n'avons pas pu imposer notre solution, mais cela ne signifie pas que nous avions tort. » Si Washington et Moscou mènent désormais la danse, ils ne parviennent pas pour autant à obtenir de véritable cessez-le-feu, notamment à Alep.
« Dans ce jeu complexe dont Américains et Russes souhaitent écarter les autres, la balance finit par pencher en faveur de la détermination russe, et le résultat ne correspondant manifestement pas à l'intérêt fondamental de la Syrie et des Syriens », analyse l'ancien chef de la diplomatie française. Preuve en est, la reddition totale des rebelles anti-Bachar el-Assad à Alep, véritable objectif de Moscou, au détriment de la ville de Palmyre, reprise à l'armée syrienne par Daech.
Cette « détermination » russe en Syrie fait d'ailleurs l'objet d'une dernière anecdote pour le moins éclairante dans le livre de Laurent Fabius. G20 de Saint-Pétersbourg, les 5 et 6 septembre 2013. « Avec Sergueï Lavrov, ministre expérimenté, voilà déjà de longues minutes que nous discutons des armes chimiques dont la Russie nie toujours, à cette époque, que Bachar en ait fait usage. Toutes les ressources de la dialectique ont été utilisées de part et d'autre. Soudain Lavrov fait un geste avec sa main, comme pour arrêter notre échange, mais sans aucune agressivité. Avec le sourire, il regarde mes collaborateurs puis moi-même, les yeux dans les yeux : Tu as développé tes arguments. J'ai développé les miens. Nous pourrions continuer. Mais vois-tu, Laurent, ce jus de fruit qui est devant toi sur la table, tu le vois orange (il l'était en effet) ; eh bien, moi, je le vois bleu. Tu pourras me donner tous les arguments du monde, je continuerai à soutenir qu'il est bleu. »
(*) 37 Quai d'Orsay : diplomatie française 2012-2016, de Laurent Fabius (Éditions Plon). Prix : 17,90 euros.
The federal judge who lifted Obama's six-month drilling moratorium had interests in Transocean and a number of other offshore energy companies, according to financial disclosure forms from 2008.
Martin Feldman, a U.S. District Court Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, held energy stocks in Transocean and Halliburton, as well as two of BP's largest U.S. private shareholders -- BlackRock and JP Morgan Chase. The law Feldman overturned would have halted the approval of any new permits and suspended deepwater drilling at 33 existing exploratory wells in the Gulf, four of which are BP rigs.
"It's pretty damning," said Kate Gordon, Vice President for Energy Policy at American Progress. "Transocean is the world's largest offshore drilling company. It holds most of the offshore drilling rigs in the world. So this is... a clear conflict of interest. I think folks should have known because of the history this region has of having conflicts of interests with judges on this issue. The region has got to have a list of judges that have these conflicts because this comes up all the time."
Thirty-seven of the 64 active or senior judges in key Gulf Coast districts in Louisiana, Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Florida have links to oil, gas and related energy industries, including some who own stocks or bonds in BP PLC, Halliburton or Transocean, according to the Associated Press. Industry ties among federal judges are so widespread that they are jeopardizing the courts' ability to do routine business. Last month, for instance, so many members of the staunchly conservative Fifth Circuit were forced to excuse themselves from an appeal against various energy companies because there weren't enough untainted judges left to allow the court to hear the case.
It's unclear whether Feldman still owns the stocks but his comments during his ruling today were telling, "Oil and gas production is quite simply elemental to Gulf communities."
Gordon responds: "I think the whole things points to a bigger problem which is the dependence of this region on oil and gas. We have to start thinking about some kind of long-term plan to lead this region into more energy and diversity because it's like a petro-state right now."
Below is a list of stocks from Feldman's portfolio. Income not specified is under $1,000:
This plot depicts a refined course for the asteroid 2007 WD5 as it approaches a possible impact with the planet Mars.
This story was updated at 7:01 p.m. EST.
Thepossibility of an asteroid walloping the planet Mars this month is whetting theappetites of Earth-bound scientists, even as they further refine the spacerock's trajectory.
The spacerock in question — Asteroid2007 WD5 — is similar in size to the object that carved MeteorCrater into northern Arizona some 50,000 years ago and is approaching Marsat about 30,000 miles per hour (48,280 kph).
Whether theasteroid will actually hit Mars or not is still uncertain.
Such animpact, researchers said, would prove an awesome opportunity for planetary sciencesince NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) and a flotilla of otherspacecraft are already in position to follow up any impact from orbit.
?An impactthat we could witness/follow-up with MRO would be truly spectacular, and couldtell us much about the hidden subsurface that could help direct a search forlife or life-related molecules,? said John Rummel, NASA's senior scientist forastrobiology at the agency's Washington, D.C., headquarters.
Observationsof the asteroid between Dec. 29 and Jan. 2 allowed astronomers to slightlylower the space rock's odds of striking Mars to about 3.6 percent (down from3.9), giving the object a 1 in 28 chance of hitting the planet, according to Tuesdayreport from NASA's Near Earth-Object program office at the Jet PropulsionLaboratory in Pasadena, Calif.
Moreobservations may further reduce the asteroid's impact chances to nil, NEOofficials said. The space rock's refined course stems from observations byastronomers at New Mexico Tech's Magdalena Ridge Observatory.
But if WD5does smack into Mars, some astronomers have a fair idea of what havoc it mayspawn. The likely strike zone would be near the equator, but to the north ofthe current position of NASA's Opportunity rover at Victoria Crater, NASA officialshave said.
MarkBoslough, a collision dynamics expert at New Mexico's Sandia NationalLaboratory, said the atmosphere at Mars' surface is similar to that of Earth atan altitude of 12 miles (20 km). Some space rocks that target Earth explodeunder the pressure created as they stream into our atmosphere. But they tendnot to explode until much below the 12-mile mark.
"Sothis won't be an airburst," Boslough said. "It will either hit theground intact and make a single crater, or break up and generate a cluster ofcraters."
Thecollision, were it to occur, could also create a visible dust plume as ejectais lofted high into the martian atmosphere, he said.
Theresulting crater could reach more than a half-mile (0.8-km) in diameter, orabout the size of the Opportunity rover's Victoria home, NASA added.
Boslough'sbreak-up scenario is reminiscent of CometP/Shoemaker-Levy 9, which broke into more than 20 fragments as it nearedJupiter in 1994, then repeatedly pummeled the gas giant over the course of six days.The resulting impact scars were visible to telescopes on Earth, in orbit andNASA's Galileo probe, which was en route to Jupiter at the time of the collision.
LikeGalileo at Jupiter, NASA's MRO probe and its High-Resolution Imaging Experiment(HiRISE) camera would be in prime position for a martian collision. With itsability to resolve objects three feet (one meter) across, HiRISE as been billedas the most powerful camera ever sent to study Mars.
?If theasteroid hits Mars, we?ll get a great look at the crater within a few days ofimpact,? said HiRISE principal investigator Alfred McEwen of the University ofArizona?s Lunar and Planetary Laboratory in Tucson.
SPACE.com Staff Writer Tariq Malik contributed to thisreport from New York City.
Steph Curry was 5-23 from the floor in Game 2, including an air-balled possible game winner. He also had six turnovers. This was a John Starks–level disaster, and it came from an MVP winner. Afterward, a kind of meta “Why aren't we talking more about how awful Steph Curry was?” discussion took the place of actual Steph Curry criticism on Twitter and sports radio. SVP & Russillo turned it into an entire segment.
It's not that people weren't wondering what was wrong, but there wasn't the kind of scorched-earth, manhood-doubting inquiry we save for all of our favorite athletes in 2015. I didn't even see an MJ meme. More 2015 NBA Playoffs Check out all of our postseason coverage!
Then came another shaky night in Game 3. Coming into Game 4, the biggest game of Curry's career, the question only got louder: Why aren't more people going scorched earth on Steph Curry? I have a few different theories.
1. People like Steph Curry. The obvious answer. He carries himself with a solid mix of self-deprecating humor and cold-blooded confidence — the two qualities we want in any superstar athlete, and really, what we want in ourselves. If it had been James Harden having Curry's last two games, there would be a bonfire of criticism that would light up the Internet for months — because people don't like James Harden, for all kinds of fair and unfair reasons. But Steph is undeniably enjoyable, so he gets the benefit of the doubt when it's possible. Where's Riley?
Yeah. Don't overthink this.
Of course he gets the benefit of the doubt.
2. People still don't completely understand Steph Curry. How do you grade someone on a curve when there's nobody to compare him to? Steph is part Steve Nash, part Reggie Miller, part Barry Sanders. We've never seen a superstar like this. It's hard to understand exactly what makes him great, and when things break bad and his shots aren't falling, it's hard to pinpoint what went wrong. I keep waiting for some announcer to blurt out, “What's wrong with Steph? Uh, I don't know, he stopped being a goddamn wizard?”
Maybe the fall against Houston threw him off more than anyone realized. Maybe the physical defense from Cleveland has knocked him out of his comfort zone. Or maybe he's just been missing a ton of shots he usually makes — wide-open looks and contested jumpers with an inch of space — and that problem will correct itself soon. It's hard to tell what's happening here.
That confusion makes it tougher to be aggressively critical.
3. People fear Steph Curry. This is the big one. Critics will get plenty loud once Steph isn't standing behind the 3-point line with the chance to make them all look stupid. So far, that's what he's done to everyone else who didn't believe. James Harden and LeBron James — two frequent media targets — have failed enough for people to doubt them. Since Curry has been in the spotlight, he has been nothing but good, then great, then mind-blowing. Other than injuries, he has never experienced a setback that rendered him mortal.
The closest we came to Steph Curry mortality was in Game 2 and Game 3 against the Grizzlies. Remember that one air ball?
After that shot, the Grizzlies series ended with Steph shooting 51 percent from 3 and averaging 27.7 points per game, with 6.7 assists in three double-digit wins. This isn't to say he'll never fail, but still. Betting against Steph Curry feels like betting against Harry Potter. The most public setback of his career only made him seem more unstoppable.
Steph needs to find that place again if the Warriors want to bounce back in these Finals. Game 3 was better, but he didn't look like himself until his team was down 20, and then he ended the comeback with careless turnovers and more missed 3s. It may sound obvious to say that a team's best player has to play better to win — wait, that is definitely obvious — but this is about more than just Steph Curry.
The entire Warriors squad feeds off of him, and when he goes quiet, the machine starts to sputter. I don't have any advanced stats to prove this, but when Curry isn't playing well, there is an 80 percent chance that Harrison Barnes will disappear right along with him. Klay Thompson starts forcing things off the dribble. Andre Iguodala starts hoisting jumpers. Everyone remembers that Andrew Bogut hasn't been a scoring threat in five years.
Draymond Green is struggling independent of Steph, partly because of a back injury. That makes Curry even more important right now. His shooting and playmaking opens up the floor for everyone else. When he's quiet — the Cavs have been trapping him off screens and forcing him to make the smart pass — the rest of this team begins to look ordinary. Who's scared of Iguodala's offense in 2015? Or Barnes? Or even Klay? And now David Lee is supposed to be the solution?
No. Steph Curry is the solution. Cleveland is a real problem, too.
This isn't just a fluke. Imagine that Grizzlies team, but with LeBron James. Now imagine that team living the inverse of the Tony Allen timeline. Instead of losing its best perimeter defender halfway through the series — when Steph turned things around — this Cleveland team swapped out its weakest defensive link after Game 1. Suddenly this defense is great across the board, and the best Golden State strategy thus far has been making up ground in the fourth quarter when everyone is exhausted.
“Steph did not lose his confidence,” Steve Kerr said after Game 3. “He lost energy, a little bit of life. We need life from everybody.”
They need life from Curry so much more than anybody else. His scoring gets others going, the offense starts moving the ball, and this team becomes unstoppable. At some point, the Warriors have to play that game if they want to win here. They can't expect to win a title just by stealing games the Cavs have controlled for the first 44 minutes.
Eventually these Finals will end, and so will the benefit of the doubt. We'll know a lot more about how great Steph really is. Volcanic takes aside, if he can't get back on track here, it'll be perfectly reasonable to understand him a little differently going forward. We can't worship him for being unguardable and then shrug when he's double-teamed into passing to teammates who don't want to shoot. We can't gawk at the impossible shots he hits and then ignore it when he stops hitting them in the NBA Finals. We can't wonder if Curry's game is the future of basketball if he's getting punked on national television by Matthew Dellavedova while LeBron is doing Game of Thrones shit.
I'm excited to watch him try to come back. This is what makes the NBA playoffs great. We know who the best players are, and we get to sit back and watch them get tested.
For the record, I think the Warriors will win Game 4. Right? Curry is too good and Draymond is too proud to struggle like this again, and if those two can bounce back for a night, the offense shouldn't be far behind. Likewise, the Cavs are too thin to play this apocalypse defense in every game without any kind of letdown. This series could be tied by Friday morning, and Golden State will be favored all over again.
Can Steph go win it from there? LeBron and the Cavs won't roll over like Memphis did, and the Warriors will need Curry at his best down the stretch, especially if Draymond's back doesn't improve. So far, this series has underscored Curry's value and exposed his limits in equal measure. He's struggling with all the contact and the traps, and he's lost the rhythm he had for the past nine months. And, after three Finals games, the case for Steph Curry as MVP is clearer than ever — if you slow him down, this whole 80-win team unravels. Now let's see if he's great enough to pull it back together.
Earl Grey is a neat little language that compiles to JavaScript. Here's what it has to offer:
Earl Grey is still in development, be sure to star it on GitHub to show some support!
Also be sure to check out the interactive tutorial.
What does it look like?
Earl Grey is whitespace sensitive: indent defines blocks and line breaks separate statements. This reduces the punctuation noise often seen in other languages in the form of braces and semicolons.
Parts of the language will be very familiar to Python users, for instance this excerpt of a cutting edge rocket launching application in Earl Grey:
var i = 10 while i >= 0 : if i = = 0 : print "Blast off!" else : print i i --
But EG also takes steps towards a "streamlined" design that removes many of the spurious distinctions other languages make, for instance the distinction between expressions and statements, variable and function declarations, or loops and list comprehensions (which share the same syntax in EG):
fib ( n ) = var { a , b } = { 1 , 1 } 1 .. n each i -> { a , b } = { b , a + b } a fibs = 0 .. 10 each i -> fib ( i ) print 'The first ten fibonacci numbers are {fibs.join(", ")}'
You can read more about EG's many features in the documentation.
Compatible
One of EG's primary goals is to be as compatible as possible with existing JavaScript libraries and frameworks and the node ecosystem.
Any package in npm's wide selection can thus be imported and used without issue. The same goes for jQuery, canvas/SVG libraries, or frameworks such as React. Conversely, EG can be used to create packages that JavaScript code may import and use.
EG has support for source maps. Plugins exist for a few existing frameworks: gulp-earl for gulp, earlify for browserify.
Tooling
Editor support is admittedly mediocre at the moment, but it is in development:
async/await
EG makes asynchronous code a breeze. EG's implementation is based on Promises as defined by ECMAScript version 6 and many libraries already implement this interface. For the rest, existing callback-based functionality can be converted to Promises using promisify .
To give you an idea here is a script to print the alt-text of the first ten XKCD comics, accessed through their JSON API:
require : request g = promisify ( request .get ) async getXKCD ( n = "" ) = response = await g ( 'http://xkcd.com/{n}/info.0.json' ) JSON .parse ( response .body ) async : requests = await all 1 .. 10 each i -> getXKCD ( i ) requests each req -> print req .alt
Calls to getXKCD or g are asynchronous, which means that they don't block. The code above will therefore fetch the data for the first ten XKCD comics in parallel*, not sequentially. await all` collects the results for us, returning only when everything is done (and then we can print them in order).
* Do note that this is only IO parallelism, not true parallelism. You cannot use async/await to run ten matrix multiplications in parallel on different threads or different processors unless you explicitly create these threads (or web workers), or use a library that does.
Pattern matching
Pattern matching is the kind of feature that you can't tolerate not having, once you have a taste of it. A lot of languages implement crippled versions of it (usually as destructuring assignment). EG gives you everything (short of actual static guarantees, but I'm thinking about it).
match can serve as a switch or case statement:
fact ( n ) = match n: 0 -> 1 1 -> 1 n -> n * fact ( n - 1 )
But we can do better:
fact ( match ) = 0 or 1 -> 1 n -> n * fact ( n - 1 )
We can extract elements from arrays:
match process .argv [ 2 .. ] : { "install" , name } -> ... { "list" , query = "*" } -> ... { "version" } -> ... ...
From objects:
point = { x = 2 , y = 3 } { = > x , = > y } = point
We can do type checking and type coercion:
String ? "abc" Array ! "abc" repeat ( String ? thing or Array ! thing , Number ? match ) = 0 -> { } n -> thing .concat ( repeat ( thing , n - 1 ) ) repeat ( "hello" , 4 ) repeat ( { 1 , 2 } , 2 ) repeat ( 6 , 3 ) repeat ( "apple" , "pie" )
More exhaustive documentation can be found here.
Document building
Earl Grey's % operator can be used to easily build HTML, DOM, virtual DOM, and other things:
mul-table = div [ #multiplication-table ] % h1 % "Multiplication table" table % 1 .. 10 each i -> tr % 1 .. 10 each j -> td % i * j
The resulting data structure can then be transformed in various ways. For instance, you can use the /html and /dom standard packages:
html builds a string of HTML that you can print or save in a file:
require : / html print html ( mul-table )
dom builds a DOM element that you can append somewhere in your page:
require : / dom document .get-element-by-id ( "target" ) .append-child ( dom ( mul-table ) )
You can also streamline the operation by importing a specialized % operator to do what you want automatically:
require-macros : / html -> ( % ) print strong % "Hello world"
React
In addition to HTML and plain DOM conversions, there is also a React package for Earl Grey called earl-react from which you can import a % operator that builds React virtual DOM nodes:
require : earl-react as React require-macros : earl-react -> ( % , component ) component HelloMessage: render ( ) = div % 'Hello {@props.name}' React .render ( HelloMessage % name = "Balthazar" , mount-node )
It would be straightforward to define % for other frameworks, or for new ones, or to generate other languages such as LaTeX.
Macro system
EG's macro system permits the definition of new control structures that look native to the language. Macros are fairly easy to write and can make code terser and more readable:
inline-macro W ( expr ) : `(^expr).split(" ")` W "apples bananas cantaloupes"
inline-macro unless ( `{^test, ^body}` ) : `if{not ^test, ^body}` unless 1 = = 2 : print "Everything is fine!"
At the moment I have not yet well documented the macro system, but there is still some documentation here.
Macro libraries
It is possible to define macro libraries with macros importable via require-macros .
In fact, there are already macro libraries for many existing JavaScript or node libraries! Here are some of them:
Test with earl-mocha
earl-mocha defines a certain amount of macros to help you write tests for your applications:
require-macros : earl-mocha -> ( describe , it , assert , expect-error ) describe "Array" : it "#concat" : assert { 1 , 2 } .concat ( { 3 , 4 } ) = = { 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 } it "#map" : assert { 1 , 2 , 3 } .map ( x -> x * x ) = = { 1 , 4 , 9 } expect-error TypeError: { 1 , 2 , 3 } .map ( "huh" )
Build with earl-gulp
Using earl-gulp, you can define gulp tasks like this:
require-macros : earl-gulp -> task require : gulp , gulp-sass , gulp-earl , gulp-sourcemaps task sass: chain gulp: @src ( "./content/**/*.sass" ) @pipe ( gulp-sass ( indented-syntax = true ) ) @pipe ( gulp .dest ( "./output" ) ) task earl: chain gulp: @src ( "./content/**/*.eg" ) @pipe ( gulp-sourcemaps .init ( ) ) @pipe ( gulp-earl ( ) ) @pipe ( gulp-sourcemaps .write ( "./" ) ) @pipe ( gulp .dest ( "./output" ) ) task default < { earl , sass }
Make pages with earl-react
React has its own little language called JSX to define components, but there's no need for this when you have earl-react:
require : earl-react as React require-macros : earl-react -> ( % , component ) globals : document component TodoList: render ( ) = ul % enumerate ( @props .items ) each { i , item } -> li % item component TodoApp: get-initial-state ( ) = { items = { } , text = "" } render ( ) = div % h3 % "TODO" TodoList % items = @state .items form % on-submit ( e ) = e .prevent-default ( ) @set-state with { items = @state .items .concat ( { @state .text } ) text = "" } input % value = @state .text on-change ( e ) = @set-state with { text = e .target .value } button % 'Add #{@state.items.length + 1}' React .render ( TodoApp % ( ) , document .get-element-by-id ( "mount" ) )
Resources
Buy Photo Ford Field is seen on Thursday, February 9, 2017 in Detroit. (Photo: Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
The Detroit Lions may not have lit up the scoreboard at the end of last season. But they are now lighting up Ford Field's roof, and not all area residents are basking in the blue, nightly glow.
City resident Margo Dalal on Tuesday started a petition at Change.org asking that Ford Field's nighttime roof lighting be turned off, and by Thursday afternoon, it had gathered more than 850 signatures and counting. It has sparked a debate on what constitutes light pollution versus colorful lights as a sign of a downtown with a colorful nightlife.
Dalal, 23, said she noticed the stadium's blue, skyward glow almost the instant the lights came online last August, part of a $2-million Ford Field renovation adding LED lighting with changeable colors and images to the rooftop.
►Related: Ford Field's rooftop to dance with color from LED lights
►Related: Detroit streetlights go from tragedy to bragging point
"I live 3.5 miles away and have it shining through my window every night," she said.
"It is pure light pollution. That's the definition of what blight is."
Admitting she has been "kind of obsessed with this," Dalal researched City of Detroit municipal codes and found Section 61-14-278 in the city's zoning ordinance: “All reasonable measures shall be taken to ensure that the off-site spillover of light and night glow are minimized to the greatest extent possible.”
"This is in violation of the illumination ordinance, and this sets a really bad precedent," Dalal said, noting the Red Wings' and Pistons' Little Caesars Arena set to open this fall, and a possible additional stadium for a Major League Soccer team coming in the future.
Dalal found allies to her cause as soon as it went public.
"Not only is this lighting distracting as a driver (particularly on the freeway), it is unsettling as a resident living some 4 miles away," said area resident Katie Hearn in a Facebook post. "Detroiters don't deserve pollution — light pollution included."
The Lions responded to an interview request with an e-mailed statement: "Ford Field followed municipal protocol when acquiring all necessary permits to install and operate new LED lighting on the exterior of the stadium in 2016 and are in compliance with City of Detroit lighting ordinances.
"Additionally, we have received positive feedback from law enforcement personnel, nearby businesses and city residents about improved safety. Our belief is that light emanating from Ford Field, along with other nearby sports and entertainment venues, contributes to a more vibrant atmosphere in downtown Detroit."
City officials by Thursday afternoon had not answered Free Press inquiries into whether they believe the night glow provision of their ordinance applies to Ford Field or if the Lions received a waiver of the zoning code provision.
The LED lights, combined with the Lions' team color of Honolulu blue, may be a bad combination for human and animal health. A report last year from the American Medical Association Council on Science and Public Health finds that blue LED light in particular leads to disability glare, "an objective impairment in visual performance" that "has serious implications for nighttime driving visibility."
Blue LED light can also impact wildlife, particularly birds and insects that fly at night, the study found.
"Many birds navigate by the moon and star reflections at night; excessive nighttime lighting can lead to reflections on glass high-rise towers and other objects, leading to confusion, collisions and death," the study stated. "Many insects need a dark environment to procreate, the most obvious example being lightning bugs that cannot 'see' each other when light pollution is pronounced. Other environmentally beneficial insects are attracted to blue-rich lighting, circling under them until they are exhausted and die."
Dalal said she has raised her concerns with city building officials, and that she hopes Mayor Mike Duggan takes notice. An accommodation could be to illuminate the Ford Field roof only on game nights, she said.
"These lights are on every single night, every single day of the week," she said. "That's absurd."
Contact Keith Matheny: 313-222-5021 or kmatheny@freepress.com. Follow on Twitter @keithmatheny.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2kUqyp6
VANCOUVER - Lawyers for Trans Mountain pipeline will be back in B.C. Supreme Court next Wednesday to seek an injunction against protesters who have blocked survey work in a conservation area in Metro Vancouver.
The subsidiary of energy giant Kinder Morgan filed two separate court actions against protesters, after demonstrators confronted Trans Mountain crews on Burnaby Mountain last Wednesday. One person even crawled under a survey crew's SUV and refused to leave.
The company is asking for an injunction preventing protesters from blocking its crews from doing work on the expansion project on Burnaby Mountain.
The company is also asking for damages and costs in a civil lawsuit over what it claims is trespass, assault and intimidation by protesters who chased away workers.
Justice Miriam Gropper heard Friday that the lawsuits were served against the defendants less than a day before. She said holding a hearing on Monday on the injunction would not give the defendants enough time to prepare.
But she also said pushing the hearing back a full week to Nov. 10 was unjustified, too, because the defendants likely anticipated the company's application.
Gropper also turned down a request by Neil Chantler, who is representing one of the defendants, to issue a stop work order.
"I don't have any basis at this point to issue, or jurisdiction for that matter, to issue a stop work order, and don't have any evidence to support such an order," she said.
Chantler told Gropper that he struggled to respond to her decision.
"This entire situation arose last night," he said. "I am a sole practitioner of a busy practice."
Lawyer Casey Leggett, who represents two defendants named in the court proceedings, Lynne Quarmby and Stephen Collis, said outside of court he respected the ruling.
"We've got a little bit more time, which is what we wanted so now it's time to move ahead and look ahead and not look back at this relatively minor application," he said.
Kinder Morgan's lawyer Bill Kaplan told reporters he understands why the judge would want to give the other side time to respond, calling the issue a "serious matter."
"They were aware that the reaction of Trans Mountain would be to seek injunctive proceedings, and those will proceed on the fifth and they'll have a right to make their submissions at that point and so will I," he said of the defendants named in the lawsuits.
Court documents say the company's inability to conduct the field studies because of the protesters' actions means its plan to expand the Trans Mountain pipeline will be delayed and cost both the firm and investors money.
Trans Mountain is authorized by the National Energy Board to conduct the field work, and the company accuses protesters of trespassing at three separate work sites and verbally abusing work crews.
"The protesters, including the defendants or some of them, physically obstructed Trans Mountain and its agents by blocking their access to the site, and intimidated Trans Mountain and its agents through physical confrontation, and yelling and screaming abusive words," said the court documents.
"An individual chained himself to a vehicle used by Trans Mountain and its agents and prevented them from safely withdrawing that equipment from the site."
The company said it marked out work zones with signs, but some protesters pulled the signs out and damaged them.
Other protesters erected tents and used vehicles to bar workers, making it clear that "if they attempted to perform the tasks for which they came to the site ... there would be a physical confrontation and that they would be physically prevented from doing so," the court documents state.
At the end, the workers turned around and left.
SFU English professor Stephen Collis, who is listed in the statement of claim as one of the defendants, was on Burnaby Mountain Wednesday speaking on behalf of a group calling themselves the Caretakers. He said he didn't witness the incidents described by Trans Mountain, but he finds some of the company's claims "absurd."
"So this U.S.-based company can take away my Canadian constitutional rights? It's a public park," he said in a phone interview on Friday. "I'm a public person, I can make statements, I can be in public space, be in a public park, but now I've been told I can't do any of those things."
Collis also said Burnaby Mountain is on municipal land, and it's not up to Trans Mountain to declare protesters were trespassing.
The injunction application and civil lawsuit is the latest in a bitter battle over Kinder Morgan's plans to expand the Trans Mountain pipeline through Burnaby.
If approved, the $5.4-billion dollar expansion plan would come close to tripling the capacity of the existing pipeline between Alberta and B.C. to about 900,000 barrels of crude a day.
The National Energy Board granted the company access to Burnaby Mountain last week, saying the City of Burnaby can't block the survey work because it is needed for the board to make a decision on the expansion application.
Burnaby Mayor Derek Corrigan has said he doesn't believe the federal regulator has the authority to consider constitutional questions concerning city bylaws.
The city plans to appeal the ruling.
Also on HuffPost
In a statement, Ms. Brooks confirmed that The News of the World had provided Mrs. Payne with a cellphone “for the last 11 years” as part of the campaign for the law, but said that “it was not a personal gift.” She said that she found the allegations that Mrs. Payne's voice mail had been hacked “abhorrent and particularly upsetting, as Sara Payne is a dear friend.” In recent testimony on the scandal in Parliament, Ms. Brooks cited the measure named after Mrs. Payne's daughter, Sarah's Law, as evidence of the good she had done in her years at the tabloid's helm.
Photo
Ms. Brooks was The News of the World's editor during periods when hacking appeared to have been widespread, but has maintained she knew nothing of it. She stepped down July 15 from her executive role at News International, the British arm of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation and the owner of The News of the World, and was later arrested on suspicion of phone hacking and payments to the police.
The company issued a brief statement on Thursday that said: “News International takes this matter very seriously and is deeply concerned like everyone. As the facts are established, the Company and the independent Management and Standards Committee will take all appropriate actions, including cooperating fully with any potential criminal enquiries or civil proceedings which may arise.”
Scotland Yard officers told Mrs. Payne that details about her were among the papers held by the private investigator Glenn Mulcaire , according to the Phoenix Foundation statement. Mr. Mulcaire, who had an exclusive contract with the tabloid, had a list of about 4,000 potential targets and was convicted on hacking charges related to the paper five years ago.
The hacking scandal had been smoldering for years, but ignited in recent weeks after assertions that hacking on behalf of The News of the World had interfered with the investigation into the 2002 murder of a 13-year-old girl, Milly Dowler . The man eventually convicted of her killing committed two more murders before he was caught.
More revelations appear imminent. Members of Parliament's Culture, Media and Sport Committee said Thursday that they would gather this week to discuss whether to call further witnesses in their inquiries into the scandal and an alleged cover-up by News International. On Aug. 8, previously unseen documents relating to hacking from News International as well as a portion of Mr. Mulcaire's documents held by the police will be released to those who have filed lawsuits.
On Aug. 10, the News Corporation — which has been bolstering its stock price with buybacks — will announce its quarterly results.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In central London on Thursday, the British judge leading the inquiry into the scandal held a news conference, saying that the panel planned to hold its first public hearings in September and that it would have the power to compel witnesses to testify.
Photo
An initial phase will focus on press regulation and the relationship between the press and the public, said the judge, Lord Justice Leveson. A second, which will begin after the current police investigation is finished, will focus on specific allegations of phone hacking and other journalistic malfeasance.
Justice Leveson was appointed by Prime Minister David Cameron after it became clear that hacking at The News of the World extended not only to public figures like celebrities and politicians, but also to Milly Dowler and possibly to the families of those killed in terrorist attacks. Mr. Cameron, a Conservative, initially resisted setting up an immediate inquiry, but changed his mind in response to widespread public disgust and growing political pressure from the opposition Labour Party.
One of the issues the judge will consider is the coziness of the ties between politicians and the news media — particularly the relationship between lawmakers and editors and executives at News International.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In another sign of how far in British public life News International's influence extends — or has extended, until now — it emerged last week that Justice Leveson himself attended two parties last year at the home of Elisabeth Murdoch, a daughter of Mr. Murdoch's, and her husband, Matthew Freud, a powerful public relations executive.
Justice Leveson said that because he and the rest of the inquiry panel — which includes former journalists and a former high-ranking police officer, among others — had been chosen for their experience, it was inevitable that “there are such contacts or links, and there should be no apology for this.”
He added: “Had I had the slightest doubt about my own position, I would not have accepted the appointment, and I also make it clear that I am satisfied that what the panelists have said creates no conflict of interest for them or me.”
In another development that might spell trouble for News International, Tim Godwin, the temporary chief of Scotland Yard, told a committee of lawmakers at City Hall that a new inquiry would most likely be opened into the 1987 ax murder of a private investigator.
The case has become newly relevant in light of revelations that Scotland Yard told Ms. Brooks in 2003 that it had evidence that one of her editors at The News of the World had hired people to conduct surveillance of the lead investigating police officer in the case. She was told that there was evidence that the surveillance was ordered as a favor to the chief suspects, Jonathan Rees and Sidney Fillary, investigators who had worked for the tabloid. Efforts to bring them to trial have fallen apart repeatedly.
Byon October 12, 2014 at 4:15 am
Red Fight District is back for a third round. Hosted this year at Dhoem Dhaam in Amsterdam, Netherlands, RFD is known for bringing in a few players as guests each year. This year's guests are Evil Geniuses' Justin Wong of the US and Meltdown's Luffy of France.
If you want to catch the tournament action, check out the streams from ARMSHOUSE and hadoken.eu below.
Tournament Games
Killer Instinct
The King of Fighters XIII
Tekken Tag Tournament 2
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3
Ultra Street Fighter IV
Under Night In-Birth Exe:Late
Lethal League
Shattered
Streams
ARMSHOUSE
Watch live video from ARMSHOUSE on www.twitch.tv
hadoken.eu
Watch live video from Fight_Club_NRW on www.twitch.tv
Stream Schedule
All times in CEST (UTC+2).
Saturday October 11
ARMSHOUSE
11:00 Killer Instinct (full tournament)
16:00 Ultra Street Fighter IV (bracket till top 8)
22:00 End of broadcast
hadoken.eu
10:00 Ultra Street Fighter IV (pools)
16:00 Tekken Tag Tournament 2 (bracket and finals)
23:00 End of broadcast
Sunday October 12
ARMSHOUSE
12:00 Ultra Street Fighter IV (top 8)
18:00 Ultimate Marvel VS Capcom 3 (bracket)
20:00 Lethal League (full tournament)
22:00 Ultimate Marvel VS Capcom 3 (finals)
24:00 End of broadcast
hadoken.eu
10:00 King Of Fighters XIII (full tournament)
16:00 Under Night In-birth Exe Late (full tournament)
18:00 Ultimate Marvel VS Capcom 3 (bracket)
22:00 End of broadcast
Results
[hr]
Ultra Street Fighter IV
1. MD|Luffy (Rose)
2. AVM|GamerBee (Adon)
3. IPLAY TR|Halibel
4. Andreas
5. Highlander NET
5. LLL.RSD|MBR
7. GL|Valmaster
7. IPLAY TR|Maruko
Match Log Grand Finals AVM|GamerBee (Adon) vs. MD|Luffy (Rose) – 1-3
[hr]
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3
1. EG|Justin Wong (Wolverine/Storm/Akuma)
2. Takari NL (Zero/Iron Fist/Strider Hiryu, Ryu/Iron Fist/Hsien-Ko )
3. 1UP|Miles (Zero/Doctor Doom/Vergil)
4. JayJayJay (Morrigan/Storm/Felicia)
5. Traumatisch (X-23/Dormammu/Dante)
5. CDV|WhiteBl4ck (Magneto/Dante/Doctor Doom)
7. Yolsgrens (C.Viper/Vergil/Strider Hiryu)
7. MH|CorrezZio (Thor/Doctor Strange/Dante)
Match Log Grand Finals Takari NL (Zero/Iron Fist/Strider Hiryu, Ryu/Iron Fist/Hsien-Ko) vs. EG|Justin Wong (Wolverine/Storm/Akuma) – 0-3 Losers Final Takari NL (Zero/Iron Fist/Strider Hiryu) vs. 1UP|Miles (Zero/Doctor Doom/Vergil) – 3-1 Winners Final EG|Justin Wong (Wolverine/Storm/Akuma) vs. Takari NL (Zero/Iron Fist/Strider Hiryu) – 3-1 Losers Semi-finals JayJayJay (Morrigan/Storm/Felicia) vs. 1UP|Miles (Zero/Doctor Doom/Vergil) – 2-3 Top 8 Winners 1UP|Miles (Zero/Doctor Doom/Vergil) vs. EG|Justin Wong (Wolverine/Storm/Akuma) – 0-3
JayJayJay (Morrigan/Storm/Felicia) vs. Takari NL (Zero/Iron Fist/Strider Hiryu) – 0-3 Top 8 Losers Traumatisch (X-23/Dormammu/Dante) vs. Yolsgrens (C.Viper/Vergil/Strider Hiryu) – 3-0
CDV|WhiteBl4ck (Magneto/Dante/Doctor Doom) vs. MH|CorrezZio (Thor/Doctor Strange/Dante) – 3-1 JayJayJay (Morrigan/Storm/Felicia) vs. Traumatisch (X-23/Dormammu/Dante) – 3-0
1UP|Miles (Zero/Doctor Doom/Vergil) vs. CDV|WhiteBl4ck (Magneto/Dante/Doctor Doom) – 3-1
Sources: Red Fight District, ARMSHOUSE, hadoken.eu
It was on the Refugee Tales walk that we ascended Stave Hill, Rotherhithe – a peculiar recently constructed mound in the centre of an urban park. Iain Sinclair remarked that we may be entering a new era of mound builders with Beckton Alp (a grass covered heap of arsenic) the Silbury Hill of this new epoch.
Taking in the view from the summit Iain says:
“The triangulation of the Shard, the Gherkin, and this new Omphalos – it's trying to rewire the psychogeography of London and undo the great energy lines and ley lines of Greenwich from the top of Greenwich Hill – this is the alternative thing and it's deeply sinister.”
Iain then talks about the mound at Whitechapel beside the London Hospital.
“It was built up at the time of the civil war as a defensive mound against the Royalists and it stayed there until relatively recent times,” and although it was demolished “the sense of it is still there”.
He spoke of how the early foundations of London were based on the four principle sacred mounds of London as described by E.O Gordon in ‘Prehistoric London – its mounds and circles', and the relationship between the mounds “and the geometric patterns that emerged. Now the Hawksmoor pattern that you could have seen from the top of Greenwich Hill has been obliterated by Canary Wharf someone's got to set up a new system to replace it”, and the Stave Hill mound is part of that system. “So we'll link this to Beckton Alp, which is a mound of arsenic and a few shells left behind by Stanley Kubrick after re-staging the Vietnam War”.
Iain had found traces of the palm trees Kubrick had planted around Beckton when using it as the setting for Full Metal Jacket. He was on a walk with film-maker Chris Petit from Aldgate Pump down to the sea and they found a strange park near Beckton Alp which had stubs and “dying remnants of the palm trees that Kubrick had imported from Spain to create a sense of Vietnam”.
He took Will Self to the gigantic Woolworths at the retail park at Beckton built on the site of the old gas works – apparently it reminded Self of America due to the scale of the store, “but yet you could actually could get a very good cup of coffee”, Iain laughs, “and a big collection of dvds, I liked it a lot, but then it disappeared.”
Useful Online Calculators For Almost Every Educational and Life Need Online calculators are a great way to save time, avoid errors and check any number crunching that you do by hand. This list guides you to online...
Creating Open Educational Resources OpenCourseWare: The Open University's Free Undergraduate Class on Open Education A free course offered by the Open University, 'Creating Open Education Resources' teaches students how to create free courses such as those offered...
Careers, Education and Guidance OpenCourseWare: A Free Undergraduate Educational Guidance Class by The Open University 'Careers Education and Guidance,' a free course offered by the Open University, examines the process of helping students to successfully transition...
Instructional Design (Interactive Multimedia Production) OpenCourseWare: USU's Free Undergraduate Educational Design Course This instructional design course, 'Interactive Multimedia Production,' comes from Utah State University's instructional technology department. The...
Educational Theory and Practice III OpenCourseWare: A Free Undergraduate Educational Theory Course by MIT 'Educational Theory and Practice III' is the last course in a 3-part, yearlong sequence to prepare undergraduate students for careers as high...
Technological Tools for School Reform OpenCourseWare: MIT's Free Graduate Level Course on Educational Reform Explore how technology can be used to develop innovative projects in school reform with this free online OpenCourseWare from MIT. In 'Technological...
Educational Leadership Degree Review - Master Degree A masters degree in Education Leadership will teach you the research and communication skills you need to advance in your career. With a masters...
Clerkenwell Design Week 2012: a tiny mobile theatre with chimneys made from coal scuttles played host to audiences of up to six during Clerkenwell Design Week in London last week.
Above: photograph is by Jim Stephenson
Designed by London studio Aberrant Architecture, the Tiny Travelling Theatre was inspired by contemporary accounts of the music club started by Clerkenwell resident and coal salesman Thomas Britton in 1678, which took place inside the miniature concert hall that he built above his coal-shed home.
Above: photograph is by Jim Stephenson
Circular skylights were concealed within each of the theatre's chimneys, while a huge funnel on one side channelled out sound from the performances taking place inside.
A door with a large circular handle led visitors inside the small venue, where they could sit down in one of three recessed booths in the chunky chipboard walls.
Cartoon-style drawings of the theatre were created during the design stage and you can see them in our earlier story.
This isn't the smallest venue we've ever published - take a look at a folk-music venue for one here.
See all our stories about Clerkenwell Design Week 2012 »
See more stories about Aberrant Architecture »
Photography is by Simon Kennedy, apart from where otherwise stated.
The text below is from Aberrant Architecture:
￼‘The SMALL-COAL-MAN'S Tiny Travelling Theatre
Clerkenwell Design Week 2012, 22-24 May, London
A mobile theatre visited Clerkenwell Design Week in London, inspired by a miniature concert hall above a coal-shed that used to be in the area in the seventeenth century.
Above: photograph is by Mark Cocksedge
The SMALL-COAL-MAN'S Tiny Travelling Theatre, by aberrant architecture, gave its debut performance at this year's Clerkenwell Design Week 2012.
The mobile theatre, towed by a VW Split Screen Camper Van, toured Clerkenwell for the duration of the festival occupying multiple sites including Clerkenwell Green & St John's Square. Inside an audience of up to six people enjoyed a series of intimate one off performances, ranging from theatre & comedy to music, which explored the intense emotion of a micro live performance.
In 1678 a travelling coal salesman, named Thomas Britton, turned his rooms above a coal shed in Clerkenwell into a concert hall called the Small-Coal-Man's Musick Club, a wildly popular venue that attracted performances from first-time amateurs to Handel.
￼The SMALL-COAL-MAN'S Tiny Travelling Theatre draws on contemporary accounts to replicate some of the ad-hoc attributes of the original venue. The stage door is opened by use of a boat handle and a ‘coal scuttle' roof, referencing Britton's former profession and his own concert halls fully functioning organ, filters dappled light into the miniature auditorium.
Inspired by small one-to-one spaces, such as a confessional booth or a peepshow, audience members have to duck to enter and are seated in extruded seating boxes whilst an assortment of musical instruments & other props allow viewers to join in with the performances.
A large Sound funnel gave passers by a small taste of the acts occurring within, while folding tables & ice buckets on the exterior allowed visitors to enjoy a pre- & post-performance drink in the impromptu bar.
The Tiny Travelling Theatre will now tour the country and could be coming to a town near you soon.
People Who Brief People: White House stonewalls on its involvement in military analysts scandal Eric Brewer
Published: Tuesday May 20, 2008
|
Print This Email This White House equates Pentagon propaganda with liberal blogging Wonder of wondersI got called on during the White House briefing without Les Kinsolving putting the press secretary under duress. That's the first time that's happened in two months. Between March 19 and Monday, I attended 10 briefings and was ignored at every one except for the time Les spoke up on my behalf on April 30. Yesterday, I asked Deputy Press Secretary Scott Stanzel about White House involvement in the Pentagon's recently suspended domestic propaganda program (also known as the military analysts scandal, or 'Psyops on Steroids'). Press Secretary Dana Perino had denied White House knowledge of the program in response to my questioning on April 30th, but last week, Salon's Glenn Greenwald showed that her denial was false. Glenn published several emails (gleaned from 8,000 pages of documents relating to the program that the Pentagon was forced to disclose after it lost Freedom of Information Act lawsuit) that showed that White House officials Karl Rove and Stephen Hadley had known about the program. My exchange with Scott Stanzel follows: Me: The White House has denied that it knew about the Pentagon program that used TV military analysts Stanzel: We've been through this before. Do you have a question? Me: Yeah, there's something new. Last week emails surfaced that showed that Pentagon officials, including Donald Rumsfeld, communicated with White House officials, including Karl Rove and Stephen Hadley, about the program. One email written by a Pentagon official mentions that Rove was approached about arranging a meeting between the military analysts and the President. My question Stanzel: Your question is? Me: My question is: what was the nature and extent of the involvement of Karl Rove, Stephen Hadley, and President Bush in the military analyst program? Stanzel: Well, the idea that people in the administration would brief people who are talking to reporters about our programs and our policies doesn't seem, like, to be that farfetched of an idea to me. So in terms of the emails, I haven't been monitoring the staff emails here, so I can't tell you what their conversations were like. But it's not unusual for administration officials to brief people who are talking about our plans and our policies, much like I'm standing here today briefing all of you Me: Right, and why was the program kept secret? Stanzel: and much like I'm standing here answering your question, and you go out on your liberal blog and talk about, you know, the way that you see things; we brief people who talk about the President's policies. Me: Why was the program kept secret? Stanzel: You can talk to the Defense Department. It was their programwhich they've discontinued. [calling on another reporter] Yes. Me: Who was in charge at the White House? Confronted with evidence of the White House's involvement, Scott was forced to abandon Dana Perino's assertion to me three weeks ago that the White House had no knowledge of the program. Indeed, he implicitly concedes that White House officials discussed the program with their counterparts at the Pentagon. But in his attempts to defend the program, he equates a secret multimillion-dollar Pentagon psyops operation directed at the American peopleand, apparently, overseen by the White Housewith him briefing the press from a podium and my reporting of it on what he describes as my "liberal blog." First of all, Scott, RAW STORY isn't a blog, and I'm a reporter, not a blogger. Second, unlike many of the military analysts, I don't have financial ties to corporations that will benefit from the inside information you give me. Third, if there was nothing wrong with the program, why was it kept secret, why did the Pentagon fight a two-year lawsuit to keep it secret, and why did the Pentagon then stop the program, at least temporarily, after it lost the lawsuit? The White House briefings are broadcast on C-SPAN and available to anyone in the world with an Internet connection. The military analysts, on the other hand, were instructed not to quote their briefers directly or otherwise describe their contacts with the Pentagon. What were they hiding, Scott? And finally, I can understand why you'd consider most of the rest of the White House press corps to be nothing more than administration "message force multipliers"as the military analysts were termed by the Pentagonbut I'm not. The only parallel I see is that, just as the Pentagon did with the few military analysts who strayed from their talking points, you have cut off my access when you don't like what I write. (Think Progress has video at this link) The preceding article was a White House report from Eric Brewer, who will periodically attend White House press briefings for Raw Story. Brewer is also a contributor at BTC News. He was the first person to ask about the Downing Street memo at a White House briefing.
Olivia Wilde, beautiful actress, has a nude scene in the upcoming movie The Change-Up. Which is funny because she wasn't actually naked in the scene—she wore pasties to cover up her bitties. Turns out, they CGI'd her nipples in post-production.
The former OC grad preserved her modesty in a scene with Ryan Reynolds using pasties but after filming wrapped, producers noticed that Wilde's pasties were clearly visible and that "they had no choice but to use computer-generated imagery to make the sex scene seem as real as possible." Wilde says:
"I wasn't actually naked but now appear to be naked because... in that scene Ryan Reynolds is supposed to be covering them (with his body) and he moved and so the pasties were in the movie and so they had to paint in nipples using CGI. And I got to approve the nipples! They sent me an email saying, 'Please review nipple cover shot one through seven and decide which one is most like the original.' I don't know what he (producer) was using as source material... but I think it's pretty close."
Fake nude scenes!? Not to get all pervy but this isn't going to become a trend, right? RIGHT? RIGHT!?!? They started with Jessica Alba's "nude" scene in Machete (NSFW) which digitally stripped off her undies and now they're moving on to body parts with Olivia Wilde's nips treatment. What happened to the good 'ol days of body doubles, people? At least they were human! Ah, the magic of the movies, they can do whatever they want and we'll never be the wiser. [Jimmy Kimmel via Toronto Sun via @luxnightmare, Image Credit: Ramascreen]
You can keep up with Casey Chan, the author of this post, on Twitter or Facebook.
Popular transgender YouTuber Blaire White was assaulted twice in Hollywood, by leftist men, for wearing a red ‘Make America Great Again' hat on Saturday evening.
White is well known for her videos that provide sharp criticism of social justice warriors, feminists, and Islam.
After roaming around West Hollywood all day without much more than a few glares, White and her boyfriend decided to attempt to wear the hats while visiting the Walk of Fame in the evening. The duo quickly ran into an anti-Trump protest — which they were not previously aware was happening.
Trending: Conservative Journalist Jacob Engels Suspended On Twitter For Calling Out Radical Islam
As they attempted to take a photo in their hats in front of the social justice warriors sign, a male protester wearing a pink pussyhat ripped the MAGA cap of White's boyfriend's head.
White charged after the protester as he ran off with the hat and began to stomp on it — smashing her hand with his foot as she attempted to pick it up.
https://twitter.com/MsBlaireWhite/status/929532643087024128
As the stomping of her hand ripped half of her nail off and left it bloodied, the couple went to find a place to bandage it up before returning to the strip to shoot a video of White explaining what had just happened.
Moments into White explaining to the camera what had happened with the protester, a man ran by and threw a red liquid on her. The substance remains unclear, but White's boyfriend described it as smelling as liquor.
https://twitter.com/MsBlaireWhite/status/929546573372993536
Images of the two alleged assailants have been pulled from the videos and Trump supporters are actively seeking their identities.
Noticed how the two asshats who assaulted @MsBlaireWhite in Hollywood are fatass white neoliberals with bad haircuts? Bitch on the right ran like a fucking pussy afterwards. pic.twitter.com/2iySuyokdD — 💀𝕸𝖊𝖑𝖎 𝕸𝖎𝖘𝖘𝖋𝖎𝖙🍋 (@MeliMissfit) November 12, 2017
While men on the left consistently claim to be “feminists” and the great defenders of trans-rights, that defense and support ends as soon as someone holds views that are counter to their own.
As we previously reported, Angelie Castaneda, a patriotic, trans, pro-Trump, Puerto Rican student was assaulted in October at an “Anti-Travel Ban” protest on the UC Berkeley campus.
Castaneda, 20, was attempting to livestream the event, but was quickly surrounded by leftist activists who were accusing the student of “being disruptive.”
“I started being surrounded again and was threatened by Muslims that I needed to leave. I was shoved and pushed out of the area, and one Muslim man pressed his body against me trying to use intimidation tactics to get me to leave. I honestly thought that he was getting ready to hit me because he was that hostile,” Castaneda explained to Big League Politics at the time. “Another man shoved his camera in my face trying to get video of me while saying that he was going to dox us.”
Many members of the LGBTQ community who hold right-wing views have described it as being harder to come out to their family and friends as a Trump supporter than it was to come out with their sexual preference.
“This is the way that they treat trannies with the wrong opinion,” Castaneda said.
0 1 dead after crash involving former Hawks star
CLAYTON COUNTY, Ga. - One person is dead after a crash that shut down traffic on a Clayton County highway Friday afternoon.
Among the victims was former Atlanta Hawks star Daron Oshay "Mookie" Blaylock, according to Jonesboro Police Chief Franklin Allen. He said Blaylock was originally reported to be on life support. Blaylock's condition has been upgraded from critical to serious.
Officers are trying to figure out why Blaylock went into oncoming traffic on Tara Boulevard near North Avenue after 1 p.m.
Jonesboro police said Blaylock was northbound on Tara Boulevard and then went through the median and crashed head-on into a van carrying a husband and wife. The couple and Blaylock were taken to Atlanta Medical Center.
Officers said the van was so mangled, it was difficult for emergency responders to get one of the injured passengers out. She was airlifted to the hospital.
Another driver on the road said she barely missed the SUV.
"He crossed over the median directly in front of me. I swerved in a split second and he hit them on the side of me, and he flipped over in the ditch," Nicoby Williams said. "He hit them because I swerved out of the way."
Blaylock's wife told police he was having trouble with seizures.
Police said the male in the van, Frankie Murphy, has been discharged from the hospital with no injuries. The police said the other person injured in the wreck, Monica Murphy, also in the minivan, had to have two surgeries throughout the evening, but died from her injuries late Friday night.
Blaylock, a point guard, played 13 seasons in the NBA, including with the Atlanta Hawks from 1992 to 1999. A two-time first-team pick for the NBA's All-Defensive Team, Blaylock finished with career averages of 13.5 points, 4.1 rebounds, 6.7 assists and 2.3 steals per game and appeared in the 1994 All-Star game.
The Hawks traded Blaylock in summer 1999 in a three-player deal that allowed Atlanta to later draft Jason Terry with the 10th overall pick. It was a move that caught Blaylock by surprise, he previously said.
"It was very shocking, " he said in an interview at the time, "especially when you're with a team that long and you think you're one of the guys that's going to be around and you're going to end your career there. But that's part of the business. I know that's how it goes."
Address records show Blaylock lives in Zebulon in Pike County.
The Texas native played college basketball at the University of Oklahoma.
Blaylock has an outstanding warrant in Spalding County for failure to appear on DUI and drug charges.
Have you ever been disappointed that your smartphone's camera doesn't quite live up to the shots seen in commercials? “Shot on a Smartphone” often tags along at the end of ads featuring beautiful, cinematic-style shots.
But that's the thing. They often look so cinematic it's almost unbelievable that these example images were taken purely with a tiny smartphone camera.
Look closely at the “Shot on an iPhone” tagline to Apple's adverts, and you'll see “Additional equipment and software used” hiding at the bottom of the video.
In the 7-minute video above, Marques Brownlee looks at the truth behind these bold claims. Sure, they are shot on smartphones. But sometimes the equipment stuck on the end of the phone's camera lens is making a world of difference.
A cinematic lens with a gimbal and follow focus system tagged onto the end of a Samsung or iPhone device is not a rare site when it comes to commercial ads, so it seems.
It's not all bad news though. Once he's made your heart sink by lifting the veil on “shot on smartphone” ads, Brownlee shows you some of the consumer-level tech that's available to spruce up your own photos and selfies.
There are high quality lenses available for your camera phone, like these from Moment, and gimbals that will stabilise shots. But if you use these, you might just have to tag your Instagram posts with “Additional equipment used.”
Now here's some news to kick-start your day: Orlando Bloom allegedly tried to punch Justin Bieber at a nightclub in Ibiza.
TMZ is reporting the English actor allegedly threw a punch at the Canadian pop star at the popular Ibiza club Cipriani early Wednesday morning - and claims two eyewitnesses watched the entire ugly event go down.
The amateur video of the near-brawl doesn't actually show Bloom throwing the punch, but takes place immediately after the alleged confrontation.
Story continues below advertisement
And what might be the reason behind the alleged altercation? All signs point to Bloom's soon-to-be ex-wife, Australian supermodel Miranda Kerr.
A separate eyewitness in Ibiza told Us Weekly that Bieber stirred up trouble at the club by bringing up Kerr's name in Bloom's presence, which may have led to things getting physical.
As the gossip goes, Bloom and Bieber have been unfriendly with each other ever since Biebs was spotted getting flirty with Kerr backstage at a Victoria's Secret Show in 2012.
Not surprisingly, when Bloom and Kerr announced their intention to separate in 2013 - after four years of marriage and a baby son together - the tabloid press chalked the split up to Kerr's case of "Bieber Fever."
But wait, the plot thickens.
Only four months ago, Bloom, 37, was seen hanging with Bieber's on-again, off-again girlfriend Selena Gomez, 21, at a comedy show in Los Angeles. Photos of the odd couple instantly sparked dating rumours.
A few hours after last night's nastiness in Ibiza, Bieber, 20, attempted to get the final word by posting a picture of Kerr to his Instagram account.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Soon after, Bieber deleted the photo showing Kerr in an orange bikini.
And perhaps the best part of the latest chapter in Bieber's life: TMZ claims that the singer immediately departed the club following last night's alleged confrontation – prompting the other club patrons to break into applause.
LIBREVILLE (Reuters) - Striking workers in central African oil exporter Gabon began shutting down the nation's oilfields on Friday to press for more local hiring in the sector, sparing panic fuel buying and a government plea to restart labour talks.
A view of a liquefied petroleum gas refinery in Arzew near the western city of Oran July 30, 2007. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
Some 50 percent of the country's 220,000-240,000 barrels of daily crude oil output will be shut by the end of the day, with the rest scheduled to be halted within 48 hours, Guy-Roger Aurat Reteno, secretary general of the ONEP union said.
“Since midnight we started to shut down Gabon's oilfields. The shutdown procedures are ongoing,” he told Reuters by telephone, adding distribution of refined fuel in the country was also paralysed.
Residents of the two main cities of Libreville and Port Gentil rushed to filling stations amid talk that supplies could dry up by the weekend, and the government urged union leaders to resume talks.
“Efforts are underway to bring ONEP back to the table, because striking is not the best way to solve this problem,” said Alilat Antseleve Oyima, head of hydrocarbons at the ministry. “Since this morning, many companies have called us to express their concern at this turn of events.”
Reteno said ONEP was unwilling to negotiate after protracted talks over local hiring quotas failed, and would continue the strike until its demands were met.
French oil major Total, one of Gabon's biggest oil producers, confirmed on Friday it had stopped oil production due to the strike. Total's Gabon output averaged 67,000 barrels per day (bpd) in 2010.
Oil prices rose by nearly a dollar.
OIL SECTOR “GABONISATION”
Gabon's oil sector is one of the continent's most mature and has been in steady decline since output peaked at around 370,000 bpd in 1997. Energy revenues account for about 40 percent of the country's budget.
The ONEP union represents about 4,000 of the country's 5,000 oil workers, and has a long history of grievances over pay and local hiring practices.
Gabon's government late last year agreed to trade union demands to limit foreign workers in its oil sector to 10 percent and require all executive posts to be held by Gabonese, but never ratified the law.
President Ali Bongo Odimba said this week he supported “gabonisation” of the oil sector, but said the effort must proceed carefully to ensure the industry remained competitive.
ONEP, which says its strike will continue indefinitely, says more than 83 percent of management positions in the oil sector are held by foreigners.
Major players in Gabon's oil sector include Total, Shell
and Tullow.
Gabon, one of a handful of sub-Saharan African countries with a Eurobond, has sought to diversify its oil-dependent economy while also soliciting the interest of oil companies to broaden their exploration efforts to revive the declining sector.
Last Updated 9:39 a.m. ET
The drumbeat of the Occupy Wall Street protest is growing louder and wider.
"Wall Street got bailed out, and we all got sold out!"
From the streets of New York ... to the nation's capital ... to the South (Mobile, Ala., Jacksonville, Fla.) and West (Portland, Ore.), Americans are frustrated and making their voices heard.
"Wealthy individuals who own giant corporations have bought off our Congress and bought off our government and, you know, the people no longer have a voice anymore," one protester told CBS News.
The marchers come from all walks of life - young and old, male and female, hoping their lawmakers are listening.
"I think the message is obvious," said Jesse Lagreca, 38. "The wealthiest one percent is taking advantage of working class people. They've been selling us faulty financial products, they've been taking huge bonuses while depending on society to bail them out."
CBSMoneywatch's Jill Schlesinger points out that, according to economists at Northeastern University, corporate profits represented 88 percent of the growth in real national income between the 2Q of 2009 and 4Q of 2010, during the same period aggregate wages and salaries accounted for just over 1 percent. "The money that companies have earned during the recovery has mostly stayed within corporate America," writes Schlesinger, "and has not trickled down into higher wages, nor has it created enough jobs to put some of the 14 million unemployed Americans back to work."
Moneywatch: Shrinking Incomes Fuel Protester Anger
Democratic Party campaigns on "Occupy Wall Street"
"Ninety-nine percent of the people need to be prospering, not just the top one percent," said Michael Mulgrew, president of New York City's United Federation of Teachers.
"Every community knows they're hurting, what's going on is wrong, and it's time to stop this and make a difference, and do things that allow all people to prosper."
Feingold on protests: "I'm excited about it"
He reflected on the pro-labor demonstrations in Wisconsin earlier this year that were sparked by the governor's fight to take away collective bargaining rights from public sector workers in his state. "We did it here, and I think this is going to happen all over the country," Feingold said, "because people have been kicked when they are down, over and over again. You can only kick people so long before they react.
"This is time now for accountability, and this is a good way to show people how strongly we feel. The working people of this country have been treated very brutally and it has to change."
The protesters' ire has even reached the race for president.
GOP candidate and Florida businessman Herman Cain had no sympathy for the protesters or their message. On CBS' "Face the Nation" Sunday, Cain said protesters are acting out of "jealousy" for bankers' success, and suggested demonstrators who complain that they are jobless are just "playing the victim card."
"It's anti-American because to protest Wall Street and the bankers is basically saying that you're anti-capitalism," Cain told Bob Schieffer.
Cain: Wall St. protesters playing victim card
The protests have also angered those who work on Wall Street who believe they are being wrongly demonized.
"I think that there's an overall paralysis in government and people are frustrated, I get that," sauid trader Jason Weisberg. "But, you know, it's being vented to the wrong place."
On "60 Minutes" Sunday Jeffrey Immelt, the CEO of General Electric, denied that the American people are anti-corporation.
"You know, everybody in Germany roots for Siemens," Immelt told Lesley Stahl. "Everybody in Japan roots for Toshiba. Everybody in China roots for China South Rail. I want you to say, 'Win, G.E.'"
SMARTPHONES are fuelling a dramatic rise in head lice among British schoolchildren, scientists have claimed.
Kids often cluster together in groups around their phones when taking photos, allowing the beasties to jump from one child's head to the next.
Getty Images 2 Head lice can be a common problem for young children aged four to 11 and still at primary school
A study of more than 200 youngsters found those owning a smartphone - or tablet - were more than twice as likely to be infested with the tiny bugs.
Out of the 98 who did not have or use either type of device just under 30 per cent experienced head lice - compared to 65 of the 104 (62.5 percent) who did.
The embarrassing social problem could be much more common than feared.
Almost half of the participants had been affected, up to 22 times more than the figure of two to eight per cent that has been calculated in the past.
Taking regular selfies seemed to increase the risk but not by enough to conclude it was a factor, contrary to previous suggestions.
There is a theory that increasing use of portable devices such as smartphones and tablets has led to increased transmission of head lice.
Researcher Dr Tess McPherson, of Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, said: "Compared to previous estimates of head lice incidence our figures were much higher, showing that almost half of children have had them in the last five years, which may not come as a surprise to parents.
"We also noted that children with smartphones or tablets were more likely to get head lice, which is interesting but we can only guess that this is due to the way that young people gather around them, though there could be other reasons.
"Selfie culture gets its fair share of negative press so it's worth noting that despite previous speculation it seems that selfies can't specifically be blamed for helping the spread of head lice at this stage."
The study presented at the British Association of Dermatologists annual conference in Liverpool said previous estimates of the prevalence of head lice in British children "may be conservative."
It found 91 (45 per cent) of the children had experienced head lice in the last five years, a longer period than covered by earlier research.
Girls with siblings aged six to nine were most commonly affected.
Reuters 2 Selfies are not believed to spread nits, so Melania Trump was probably safe when this picture was snapped
The study by Dr McPherson and colleagues found 82 (40.5%) of the children were using a device for 'selfies'. It did not differentiate between individual and group selfies.
Matthew Gass, of the British Association of Dermatologists, said: "Head lice are a pain to deal with, both for children and their parents.
"Speaking from experience, they are intractable misery bugs that take far more time and effort to remove than is reasonable.
What a lice surprise: How nits spread from head to head Head lice live in hair and are particularly common in four to eleven year-olds - causing an itchy scalp and general discomfort. They range in size - from the size of a pinhead to that of a sesame seed and are a whitish or grey-brown colour. A variety of treatments to get rid of head lice are available to buy from pharmacies, supermarkets, as well as online and you don't usually need to visit your GP to tackle the problem. You catch them via direct head to head contact, where they climb from one person's hair to another's - they cannot jump, swim or fly. They are very unlikely to be spread by items such as combs, hats or pillows and are specific to people - you can't catch them from animals. Contrary to the old wives' tale, head lice have no preference for dirty or clean hair - nor short or long. They usually die within 12-24 hours of being removed from hair.
"Not to mention the obligatory quarantine period that they necessitate. That's why a better understanding of how these pests are transmitted is useful.
"Prevention is always better than a cure, particularly if the cure means wrenching your poor daughter's hair with a fine-toothed nit comb, or relying on over-the- counter remedies that head lice are increasingly resistant to.
"We're not saying that smartphones are causing children to get head lice, but that there is a link, so if there's an outbreak at home or at school, consider how electronic devices might cause children to congregate, allowing head lice to spread."
Feminist supporters wonder: How can we help Sanders draw more female supporters? (Troy Wayrynen/AP)
Sylva Stoel runs the Twitter account @QueenFeminist. Each day, the South Dakota teenager shares her thoughts on gender equality to more than 24,600 followers.
Stop 👏 shaming 👏 women 👏 for 👏 our 👏 bodies 👏 & 👏 how 👏 we 👏 dress — Sylva (@queenfeminist) August 17, 2015
She also uses the social media perch to promote her favorite presidential candidate, the one she believes would be the best advocate for women:
Bernie Sanders.
"I used to think I should stand with Hillary," said Stoel, a high school debater who turns 18 in October. "It was tough to give that up."
Sanders's economic vision just aligns better with her ideals.
"He's a socialist, and I think capitalism is a driving force behind all kinds of oppression, including sexism," she said. "He's not backed by huge corporations, like Hillary."
(Photo provided by Sylva Stoel)
Relative to Clinton, Sanders, the liberal senator from Vermont, is not popular with women.
The latest Fox national poll, released Aug. 14, shows a narrow race between Clinton and Sanders at 49-30 among Democratic likely primary voters. Clinton more than doubles Sanders's support, however, among women (57 to 22). They run almost evenly among men (38 to 41).
Last month's Post-ABC poll found Democrat and Independent women overwhelmingly preferred Clinton to Sanders (71 to 9), while Sanders scored higher with the men (21 to 52).
This run, unlike her last, Clinton is fully embracing the historic possibilities of being the first female president, making gender issues a central point of her campaign.
The women who support Sanders, a vocal minority, appear to be drawn to his liberal and anti-corporate views, his hippie David to Clinton's Goliath. They're also conflicted about abandoning, for now, the dream of a woman in the White House.
As Sanders's profile rises in Iowa, New Hampshire and Oregon, supporters like Stoel see an opportunity to snag supporters from Clinton. So, they're organizing meetups on Facebook. They're buying Bernie Sanders earrings.
They're lauding his stances on equal pay (“We have to pass pay equity for women workers”), abortion (“The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, her family, and physician to make, not the government”) and paid maternity leave (“It is an outrage that millions of women in this country give birth and then are forced back to work”).
Hillary Clinton FACTS •She supported "The Defense Of Marriage Act" •She was literally against gay rights until 2013 •She loves imperialism — Sylva (@queenfeminist) August 16, 2015
“Feminism is about giving people the freedom to choose how they live their lives,” wrote Kelli Boyle, 22, for Elite Daily on her decision to back Sanders. “Voting for a man when a woman is running does not make me any less of a feminist; it means I'm taking the very feminist route of expressing my right to choose.”
She added a couple questions for Clinton, referencing campaign donations from JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs: "How you can you label yourself a representative of change if you're funded by exactly what is holding our country back? How can you claim to be a massive advocate for the middle class when your campaign is entirely funded by corporate America and the wealthiest of the wealthy?"
Boyle, who lives in New York City and handles college campus outreach for Elite Daily, said she didn't take Sanders seriously at first. Wasn't he the candidate whose hair was getting all that attention? Then she watched a YouTube video posted by Sanders campaign.
"I was trying to stay on Hillary's side," Boyle said. "But the more I watched and the more I read, I'm starting thinking, 'Oh crap. He's awesome.'"
Provided by Women for Bernie
Jenni Siri, 54, helped create Women for Bernie, a grassroots organization with 16,000 Facebook likes and 14,400 Twitter followers. Her mission, she said, is to inform Americans a compelling feminist alternative to Clinton exists.
The group has branches in 45 states. They're setting up tables at schools and parks and malls. They're making brochures to address inner turmoil: Am I betraying the cause by voting for a man?
The task can be awkward. Both candidates boost paid family leave, universal childcare, affordable college, the government's absence from your body and bedroom. Only one would break the ultimate glass ceiling.
"Hillary's just not the right woman to do it," Siri said. "She's okay on health-care, okay on some liberal issues. Bernie's policies just go farther and are all-around better."
The biggest reason for her: "He's such a great environmentalist." (Clinton, she thinks, has a mixed record on fracking.)
I would love to see someone argue that Hillary is more feminist, more outspoken on intersectional feminism than Bernie, go. — dlcb (@ToujoursDeva) August 7, 2015
Deva Cats-Baril, a community health worker who raises money for the National Network of Abortion Funds in her spare time, recalls running into Sanders on Christmas day in 2008 at Palace 9 Cinemas in South Burlington, Vt. They both saw Milk, a biopic of the first openly gay man elected to a major public office.
"He was watching that, fully supporting gay marriage, when Hillary was saying marriage should be between a man and a woman," she recalls, laughing.
Sanders comes off as more authentic, Cats-Baril said. Hillary looks like someone who has memorized talking points.
That's reason enough to delay her feminist dream.
"I'm willing to wait another four years," she said. "We've waited long enough."
I've just received word that I've been appointed the new President of the Strength Training Industry.
As your leader, my first order of business is to address what I consider to be the greatest challenge facing the industry today: the widespread acceptance and proliferation of biomechanically dangerous exercises.
We've allowed strength training to become a "risky" or "dangerous" business, attracting an unsavory mix of foolish, hardcore, Jackass-inspired thrill seekers who preach lifting ridiculously heavy weights in a chalk-dusted frenzy. Their unwanted influence needlessly injures thousands of well-intentioned exercisers that just want to enjoy a refreshing workout and follow a healthy lifestyle.
I can say with confidence that it doesn't have to be this way. And thanks to my newly acquired authority, with just a stroke of a pen I can render strength training as safe or safer than the stationary bike, lawn bowling, and Chinese checkers, current gold standards of exercise safety.
The following is a list of banned exercises that shall not be performed again, along with a brief explanation.
Upright rows
Abducting your arms over 90 degrees combined with severe internal rotation will shred your shoulders like Grandma's 4th of July coleslaw.
Behind the neck press, behind the neck pulldowns, and behind the neck pull-ups
The "high five" position characterized by shoulder abduction and extreme external rotation is an injury waiting to happen. While you grind away at your rotator cuff, inducing tendonitis, you'll also be stretching out the ligaments and anterior capsule, leading to permanent elongation, hyperlaxity, and instability.
While you're at it, why not jam the bar into your spine and damage a cervical process? Might as well multi-task, right?
Squats
All squatters have round lumbar spines and posteriorly-tilted pelvises when they go deep, and if their poor discs could talk, they'd be screaming bloody murder. The low bar position wreaks havoc on the shoulder joints, and the ACL, PCL, and patella take a beating during the descent. Too heavy a weight leads to excessive forward lean, exposing the lumbar spine to injury.
Worse, the lift requires dangerous levels of intra-abdominal pressure and can lead to rectal prolapse, a condition where the walls of the rectum protrude through the anus and become visible outside the body. Good luck riding your bike home from the gym after that happens.
Bench press
The barbell puts the wrist in a fixed position that can damage the elbows and shoulders, while the powerlifting style low-back arch will hammer the posterior elements of the spine. Going deep overstretches the delicate shoulder ligaments, and the scapulae can't move naturally as they're pinned against the bench. Not to mention, the scapulae will be permanently abducted and the shoulders internally rotated, which over time can lead to a Neanderthal-like posture.
Military press
Ignore that the head is dead smack in the path of the barbell and just focus on the fact that the delicate acromions can't handle the load. Furthermore, the typical kyphotic posture will massacre the shoulders and cause spinal hyperextension.
Deadlifts
A perfectly named exercise. The deadlift will create numerous disc herniations and permanent elongation of the spinal ligaments due to a slumped posture. Weak glutes encourage lumbar flexion and posterior pelvic tilt to initiate the lift, and lumbar hyperextension and anterior pelvic tilt to finish. Just imagine, a single exercise that can create flexion and extension intolerance in one fell swoop!
Increasing or decreasing the load doesn't improve the safety profile one iota. Heavy deadlifts over stress the CNS, leading to permanent downregulation of key brain chemicals and eventually mental retardation, while high rep deadlifts can lead to cardiac arrest.
Good mornings
If you bumped into an extra terrestrial at the gym and asked him to put a heavy bar on his back and bend over with it, he'd likely start laughing hysterically in that cute way benevolent aliens do before shooting you in the face with a phaser. It's sad that even aliens have more common sense than meatheads.
Reverse hypers and back extensions
Most people's hips don't work correctly, so they move at the spine and not the hips. Down low, they flex the spine to make up for crappy hamstring flexibility, and up top hyperextend the lumbar spine to make up for weak glutes. Why not just foam roll on the freeway and get it over with?
Glute ham raises
Nobody does this exercise properly. Weak hamstrings require anterior pelvic tilt to try to improve the length tension relationship, which puts the low back into hyperextension and annihilates the posterior elements of the lumbar spine.
Lunges, Bulgarian split squats, step ups, pistols, and single leg RDL's
All single leg exercises lead to SI joint pain and sciatica. Crappy hip stability causes the knee to move all around in the frontal and transverse planes, obliterating the patellofemoral joint. Any PT who prescribes a single leg movement is a shill for the knee replacement industry.
Hip thrusts, barbell glute bridges, and single leg hip thrusts.
Whoever thought up these abominations is a serious douchebag. Since weak glutes can't do the job, the pelvis will anteriorly tilt and the low back will hyperextend, thereby taking a jackhammer to the posterior elements of the lumbar spine. Furthermore, the weak glutes will fail to exert a rearward pull on the femur, leading to anterior hip pain as it jams forward in the acetabulum.
If you still choose to perform these hare-brained movements, maybe you should consider the other exercisers using the facility. Unless you have an Airex pad to place under the bar, too much pressure is placed on the abdomen, resulting in volcanic eruptions of explosive diarrhea.
Dips
Extreme shoulder extension combined with external rotation will inevitably lead to anterior capsule dysfunction. Dips are for dipshits.
Push-ups
Push-ups are too hard on the wrists and elbows, and if the feet are elevated to make them more difficult you risk hyperextending the neck. Due to most lifter's obsession with the bench press, the serratus anterior and trapezius fibers often don't fire and can't properly stabilize the scapula so once again the shoulders take a beating.
Leg presses and seated rows
These exercises require too much hamstring flexibility, leading to severe lumbar rounding under heavy loads and eventually herniated discs. Moreover, machines place the body in unnatural fixed positions that can lead to faulty motor recruitment in as little as six workouts, and walking like Frankenstein's monster in twelve.
Bent over rows
I get it. Since the ribcage can serve as a trampoline in the bench press to max out at 225 lbs., it would be silly to only row 95 lbs. So you pile two plates on each side of the bar, round the back to 30 degrees, and start performing upright rows to the belly.
Chin-ups and pull-ups
Supinated chins over stress the biceps tendons, while wide grip pull-ups over stress the shoulder joints. To make the exercise easier lifters hyperextend the low back and shrug the shoulders to account for weak lower traps.
Sit-ups, side bends, and Russian twists
Sit-ups will induce compressive and sheer loading on the spine, leading to compromised neural function, mindless incoherent babbling, and eventually holding up homophobic signs at Michele Bachmann campaign rallies.
Since the hip flexors are already tight from sitting, you should never, ever try to strengthen them. Twisting sit-ups combine lumbar flexion and rotation, which is akin to a Mike Tyson right uppercut - left hook combo.
The spine was meant to stay in neutral your entire life and should never be moved. For this reason, side bends and Russian twists are out, along with getting out of bed, tying your shoes, sitting, and picking up loose change off the ground.
Shrugs, farmer's walks, and all loaded carries
Most lifter's upper traps already dominate their lower traps. You should never, EVER, carry anything heavy or even take a plate or dumbbell out of the rack or your traps will become perpetually imbalanced.
Pullovers, flyes, lateral raises, barbell curls, and prone rear delt raises
Single joint exercises in the stretch position such as flyes and pullovers are hard on the shoulder joint, and lateral raises, unless performed in the scapular plane, will destroy the shoulders.
Barbell curls over stress the biceps tendon and the bones of the lower arm.
Prone rear delt raises require hyperextending the neck while lying prone on an incline bench, which can cause amnesia, aneurisms, or stroke.
Let's not forget the most important point, that single joint lifts aren't functional. Even though they may look like movement patterns seen in swimming, tennis, and strongman, don't let your eyes fool you! There's zero functional transfer to the real world.
Power cleans and jump squats
People can't clean worth a piss these days, and the wrists take too much of a pounding over time. Jump squats jar the entire body upon landing.
Pallof presses, cable chops, cable lifts
These exercises require simultaneous contraction from all the core muscles, which clamp down on the spine and create enormous compressive loads. This leads to vertebral issues and severe constipation that cases of Metamucil can't cure.
Crunches
Since I'm President, I've decided to eradicate the terms "lumbar flexion" and "posterior pelvic tilt" from the Kinesiology textbooks, and the rectus abdominus will now be referred to as "The Muscle Whose Name Cannot be Mentioned." (TMWNCBM for short.)
Before you roll onto your back and start crunching, realize that the lumbar spine only allows for 20,000 flexion cycles. When you hit this number, all five lumbar discs herniate immediately and you begin writhing in uncontrollable spasm.
Even if you're way shy of the 20,000 limit, with every single rep your athleticism and ability to walk upright while chewing gum decreases by .02%. You do the math.
Crunches destroy the workings of the pelvic floor musculature, resulting in you pissing yourself uncontrollably every time you laugh or sneeze, or whenever the fighter jets do a fly-over on opening weekend.
Furthermore, crunches are linked to glute dysfunction. It doesn't matter if you're sprinting or hip thrusting, crunches override those signals and extinguish their effects. The result is now you can't walk, run, or jump properly.
Worse, this glute dysfunction can lead to erectile dysfunction. Since the glutes no longer function properly, thrusting becomes impossible, and even the most accommodating partner is bound to start laughing hysterically at such anemic displays of ass drive, resulting in the "little general" shriveling like over-cooked linguini. This psychological catastrophe can embed itself deep into the brain, resulting in permanent erectile dysfunction.
Finally, crunches can lead to AIDS and other STD's. Many lifters who perform crunches become so horribly kyphotic that they can't attract a mate through conventional means, leading to encounters with prostitutes and other ladies of ill repute. This significantly increases their exposure to AIDS, gonorrhea, syphilis, certain politicians, herpes, and other single-guy buzz kills.
The New Rules to Strength Training
What's the deal? Has Contreras sold out?
Hell no! I wrote this article to make a point. If you know enough about anatomy, physiology, and strength training, you could make a case for why every exercise in the book should be avoided. Conversely, you could also make a case for why every exercise in the book should be performed.
Without further ado, here are President Contreras' actual new rules to strength training:
• An exercise is judged by how it is supposed to be performed, not by how the jacktards screw it up.
• If you think lifting weights is dangerous, try being weak. Being weak is dangerous.
• There are no contraindicated exercises, just contraindicated individuals. Learn how your body works and master its mechanics.
• If you can't perform an exercise properly, don't do it. If an exercise consistently causes pain, don't do it. If an exercise consistently injures you, don't do it.
• Earn the right to perform an exercise. Correct any dysfunction and become qualified with bodyweight before loading up a movement pattern.
• There exists a risk-reward continuum and some exercises are safer than others. It's up to you to determine where you draw the line. Don't bitch about your lack of progress or poor joint health as you lie in the bed you made for yourself.
• Exercises performed poorly are dangerous, while exercises performed well are beneficial. If you use shitty form, you'll hurt yourself. It's only a matter of time.
• If you display optimal levels of joint mobility, stability, and motor control, you'll distribute forces much better and be able to tolerate more volume, intensity, and frequency.
• Structural balance is critical. You must strengthen joints in opposing manners to ensure that posture isn't altered. If your posture erodes due to strength training, it means that you're a shitty program designer.
• Body tissues adjust to become stronger to resist loading. The body is a living organism that adapts to imposed demands.
• Your training will be based on your needs, your goals, and your liking. Different goals require different training methods. The loftier your goals, the more risk entailed.
• There are two type of stress: eustress and distress. Keep yourself in eustress and you'll be okay.
• If you believe an exercise will hurt you, it probably will.
• Injuries in the weight room have more to do with poor form and poor programming than the exercise itself. Exercises are tools. You are the carpenter. A good carpenter never blames his tools.
• Rather than drift along with popular trends, it's more fruitful to learn how the body works, which will allow you to understand the pros and cons of every exercise and make educated decisions in your programming.
At the end of the day, how you train is your call. Whether you play it safe or roll the dice, at least you're not sitting on the couch. Pain and injuries have a way of teaching you proper form and programming, and having a large arsenal of exercises is important to prevent boredom and habituation and spark further adaptation. In short, keep learnin' and keep liftin'!
I'm President Contreras and I approve this message.
I was extremely excited by this exchange, I love everything about reading. On the fiction side it promotes empathy with others, gives you perspectives to see new ideas or thinking processes and spurs creativity by making your mind travel to places real or imagined. On the non-fiction side it allows you to grow in knowledge and wisdom, it helps you find your place in this giant living tapestry or it takes you deep into the streets and alleys of other people's lives that have existed on this Earth with you.
My santa hit this one out of the ballpark, no question about it. I have a deep soft spot for world building sci-fi/fantasy and Neil Gaiman and China Mieville are the top two representatives of the genre that I enjoy. /u/Jxf found me a Mieville that I don't own and I'm looking forward to getting to it but it'll have to go to the end of the line because of the other gifts I received.
I'm exploring new hobbies now. The busy bounce around younger me has made way for a more settled and introspective older me. I want to improve, build things both internal and external that both inspire me to go further and impress me with the hard fought results. I've got a rudimentary woodworking set but no skill, no knowledge of the craft just a desire to build. /u/Jxf gifted me a book on the proper maintenance and repair of small engines, something I am highly interested in doing nowadays in order to keep things running for a good long time. He also imparted to me a book on the basics of woodworking using both hand and power tools. I feel this book in particular is going to be my go to. It will walk me through everything I need to know for my new hobby and provide a basis for future craftsmanship. I've signed myself up for a woodworking 101 class at a local store and I plan on devouring this book a few times as preparation.
I really enjoyed the gift, I was leaning this way on my own and you have heartily given me a shove forward into the direction I was willing but hesitant to go. No excuses now, creativity awaits. Thanks /u/jxf
A community goal has been launched by the Federation the 6th of july.
It is about going to deliver generators, geological equipment as well as Meta-alloy in order to… read carefully: build another outpost for Pleiades Resource Enterprise in the Pleiades sector.
A vantage point to monitor Thargoids activities, they said.
Deliveries are to be made at Blackmount Orbital, at HIP 17692. The blackmount. See the irony.
Pleiades Resources Enterprise already has 12 outposts in the sector. Let us explain how an additional outpost will increase our chances of knowing what the Thargoids could do?
But the most curious: in what way could geological equipment, especially Meta-alloy, be useful for the construction of such an outpost?
We already hear some arguing that the Federation needs to protect itself from imperial imperialism, if I may say so, when others will say that we do need such facilities to protect us from the Thargoids.
We cannot believe a single word of it!
A year ago almost to the day, the Federation had already attempted an expansion in the Pleiades sector, then entrusted to Future of Segovan, and which had ended in a fiasco after a lively reaction of the imperial minions. At the time, it was not required to supply Meta-alloy for the construction of these outposts. This was 5 months after Professor Ishmael Palin asked the community for help in establishing a new research center in Maia.
The Federation had entrusted the management of its expansion in the Pleiades sector to Future of Segovan until August 3302. During this month, as outlined above, the Empire standed up, creating controversy.
It is after this period that we see the first Pravnet's wire stories about Pleiades Resource Enterprise.
The entry on the stage of PRE was not discreet. On August 11 of the same year, the organization launched a call to arms to the federates to fight the imperial presence in the sector of the Pleiades, and more precisely Imperial Inquisition.
Pleiades Resource Enterprise is then presented as a federal organization, without more information about the entity.
Is it a corporation?
That seems to be the case. It does not hesitate to use weapons to achieve its objectives, but it is not new. Sirius Corporation, as many others, used to do that.
A federal organization.
The term is vague enough to leave room for all sorts of speculations. In any case, it was to this entity that was entrusted the expansion of the Federation in the sector.
But since it is established that PRE has its own private military force, why do we, too, venture on some theories?
Recently, it came as a shock to hear that a mysterious private military force, supposedly linked to the feds, had committed mass murder against unarmed civilians and had also tried to prevent us from accessing the data that enabled us to discover the first Thargoids site in the Pleiades. Cmdr Hyford, was in charge of transporting people to serve as subject of experimentation. His shipment was for private military complex in Pleiades Sector. His story was found at a listening post on Neche system he hacked to let some clues behind him.
He was attacked by a private military force while en route to deliver his last shipment. He finally succeeds to escape and flew to Colonia. Followed the clues, the Cmdrs of the Singularity Mouvement involved in this investigation finally drop to Pleiades Relay Station PSJ-17, located at Celaeno system and found evidences of a link between the Hyford story and the PRE activities on Pleiades Sector. The word “overlook” is mentioned twice in a way that suggest that is could be the name of the HQ of this private military force. This HQ is clearly localized on the area where the PRE outpost are settled, which is near the area where we found the Thargoid sites. The ships activities around the Pleiades Relay Station PSJ-17 are also very strange and suggest a link with the mysterious Diamondback Explorer we saw last year near Obsidian Orbital, at Maia.
Meanwhile, it was reported that a private military forces had orders to destroy the data that led us to the first Thargoid site.
If you add to that that the very last Thargoid site is inaccessible due of a permit lock whilst we could found all the others, and you'll begin to see a very interesting tapestry emerge.
In recent hours, Cmdr Hruine was able to get in touch with him and they exchanged a few words.
Here is the very beginning of the transcription of the conversation:
Cmdr Hruine: Hi o7 Cldr Hyford: Hi there! Cmdr Hruine: How'd the thing in Colonia go? You safe yet? The feds really seem to be pushing an agenda... Cmdr Hyford: Not so great- got gunned down. Have fled to far off nebula. Not sure if it is the Feds. But someone. Corporate.
This is during this chat that Cmdr Hyford talk about his mission.
“ Hyford: Erm... It was passengers... I had no idea they were to be used for experiments. Honest.”
It is possible that Cmdr Hyford has been instrumentalized to draw our attention to recently discovered Thargoids sites. And while we all looked at these amazing discoveries, PRE and the Federation continued to place their pawns on the chessboard.
The latest one is this new Community mentioned above, at the very beginning of the article.
However, we must not reject the hypothesis that Cmdr Hyford would have been the grain of sand in the beautiful mechanics that was supposed to be this whole story. The puppetmaster has already demonstrated to us that he was not totally infallible.
As always, The Onionhead disclaims any responsibility for possible maltreatment of words and verbs during the writing of this article.
OTTAWA—Thomas Mulcair faces an uphill battle to keep his job, party insiders concede as New Democrats begin to look toward their convention in Edmonton this April.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair has to continue acknowledging the fact something went seriously wrong in the last campaign — going from 95 seats to just 44, losing popular MPs, being swept out of Toronto and Atlantic Canada, and losing ground in Quebec. ( JIM YOUNG / REUTERS file photo )
The Star spoke with a number of NDP veterans — some still with the party and others now on the outside — on Mulcair's chances when he faces the membership for the first time since October's crushing election loss. While Mulcair is not facing any organized movement in Edmonton to replace him, and nobody seems to be vying for the job behind the scenes, neither does there appear to be any concerted effort within the party to support him. For some, even Mulcair himself — despite a return to talking about core NDP values and touring the country to meet with party activists – is not making a strong enough case for why he's still the guy.
Article Continued Below
Asked to make his case last month, Mulcair ignored the question and re-offered some rehearsed lines about working hard and listening to the grassroots. “Our social democratic values are essential in our society, and for over 50 years, the NDP has brought that vision forward in the House of Commons and I plan to continue to do that,” Mulcair continued, in a testy exchange with a reporter outside the Commons. “I'm there at the will of the members of the party. I continue to meet with them. I hope to have the best result possible in Edmonton.” If party members thought the NDP campaign lacked passion, they probably won't be stirred by answers like that. Mulcair will have to find a way to re-energize the 800 or so delegates who have already registered for convention and hold his political fate in their hands — or at least 70 per cent of them. While Mulcair has been hesitant to set a floor for his continued leadership, NDP party president Rebecca Blaikie said last month he realistically needs an endorsement of 70 per cent to stay on.
He has to continue acknowledging the fact something went seriously wrong in the last campaign — going from 95 seats to just 44, losing popular MPs like Andrew Cash, Peggy Nash, Jack Harris, and Megan Leslie, being swept out of Toronto and Atlantic Canada and losing ground in Quebec — while asking the membership to trust him for one more go. In that effort, he's got a couple of things working for him. First, he has a sense of who will actually be on the convention floor. Some party staff are already doing “delegate outreach,” part logistics and part information-gathering. Sources say the feedback from those outreach efforts are working back up to the leader's office.
Article Continued Below
In that office, Mulcair has installed party stalwarts Ray Guardia, one of the architects of 2011's Orange Wave, and long-time staffer Ricardo Fillipone, into senior roles. Multiple sources said the shake-up in Mulcair's inner circle puts capability over personal loyalty to Mulcair himself. One said if anyone can pull it off for Mulcair, it's Guardia. One source said Friday that Mulcair's office is in full-on campaign mode, identifying candidates and tracking voting intentions. While caucus has largely been silent on endorsements — you'll often get some version of “that's up to the members to decide” — popular British Columbia MP Nathan Cullen revealed in a recent op-ed on democratic reform that he's backing Mulcair. Sources say the NDP's rookie MPs are also more or less supportive of Mulcair's leadership. Working against Mulcair is geography, for starters. While holding the convention in Edmonton means many disappointed Atlantic Canadians may not make the journey, and there will likely be fewer delegates from Toronto ridings they lost, sources say the NDP's Alberta membership are not overly warm towards Mulcair at the moment. The immediate reason appears to be Mulcair's decision to vote against a Conservative-backed motion to support the Energy East pipeline, but there are suggestions of irritants extending further back to the lead-up to the October election. Over the past week, Mulcair has been touring Western Canada, including Vancouver and Calgary. On Saturday, Mulcair is in the GTA to attend the International Women's Day march and meet with party officials and activists. Then there is, of course, the lingering hangover from last October's election that saw the party slide from government-in-waiting back to third place. Some delegates, especially on the far left of the party, are unlikely to forgive Mulcair for allowing himself to be outflanked by progressive promises from Liberals. Despite the factors working against him, insiders say it's possible for Mulcair to pull it off and stay on at least another two years at the helm. One senior New Democrat, with a role in organizing the convention, said they think if you polled delegates already registered, the majority would be undecided. Another insider, no fan of Mulcair's, said they don't feel the need to agitate against him because he's got no chance. Whichever one is right, the next few weeks will be decisive for both Mulcair's political future and for the direction of the NDP itself.
(This story was corrected on July 25, 2013.)
Several Medicare Pioneer accountable care organizations that didn't produce savings in the first year of the Obama administration's most ambitious test of the accountable care model have told the CMS they will leave the Pioneer program and enter the Medicare Shared Savings Program model, while another two participants have indicated they will leave Medicare accountable care entirely, the federal agency announced Tuesday.
At the same time, the CMS said all 32 Pioneer participants did well on reported quality measures and earned incentive payments for their quality achievements. The Pioneer ACOs bested provider performance in traditional fee-for-service Medicare for all 15 quality measures in which comparable data are available, the agency said.
But while all did well on meeting quality benchmarks, only 13 produced enough savings to share some of that money with the CMS. Those 13 yielded gross savings of $87.6 million in 2012, saving about $33 million for Medicare.
Still, the CMS reported that costs for the nearly 670,000 Medicare beneficiaries connected to Pioneer ACOs grew by only 0.3% in 2012, compared with an increase of 0.8% for matched beneficiaries who did not take part in the Pioneer program.
The CMS said that Primecare Medical Network, University of Michigan, Physician Health Partners, Seton Health Alliance, Plus (North Texas Specialty Physicians and Texas Health Resources), HealthCare Partners Nevada ACO, HealthCare Partners California ACO, JSA Care Partners and Presbyterian Healthcare Services will not continue in the second year of the Pioneer program. Only the University of Michigan earned savings in the first year.
Plus and Presbyterian do not intend to transition into the Medicare Shared Savings Program, Modern Healthcare confirmed in interviews with their executives.
It's a common scenario: I meet someone new at a party and we get to talking about our work. “I'm an opera singer,” I say. “I recently finished my masters degree in vocal performance and am I doing the audition and competition rounds, trying to break into the business.”
Without fail, one of the following statements will be made:
-“Wow! So are you going to be on American Idol?”
-“The Phantom of the Opera is my favorite!”
-“Have you heard of the amazing 14-year-old opera singer, Jackie Evancho?”
At this point, I decide whether I want to spend the next 20 minutes explaining why these statements are all non-sequiturs, or simply smile and say “sure!” because I don't want to be a snob. Opera remains so steadfastly isolated from mainstream media that it's hard to blame anyone for not knowing that a) American Idol is not a competition for opera singers, b) “The Phantom of the Opera,” despite having the word in its title, is not actually an opera, and c) Ms. Evancho, though talented, is not an opera singer.
It may surprise the non-fan to know that opera is currently undergoing a kind of identity crisis. Every morning, I see at least five new articles lamenting the “Death of Opera” in the US and around the world. Major houses are struggling to stay afloat financially, and smaller houses are simply closing down. Several weeks ago, the Guardian published an article in which Peter Gelb, the general manager of the Metropolitan Opera, says that the Met could be bankrupt in two or three years. The New York Times followed up with an op-ed painting a dire picture of the Met's financial struggles and union disputes. A recent Quartz article revealed that even Italy, the birthplace of opera, is struggling to keep the art form alive.
Everyone agrees that something is wrong, but how to fix it?
Some proclaim that opera needs to get with the times by employing more conventionally attractive singers and spicing up new productions with sex, drugs, and rock ‘n roll. Others decry this as cheapening the art form, sacrificing musical integrity and pandering to the audience. I cry a little on the inside whenever a beautiful Zeffirelli set is scrapped in favor of a high-concept, Ikea-looking, minimalist production or slapdash modern update. And don't get me wrong, I like experimental theatre and performances that make me think. It's just that setting Rigoletto in glitzy 1950s Las Vegas with hookers and pole dancers does not a brilliant social commentary make. Meanwhile, John Adams' brilliant and politically charged opera, The Death of Klinghoffer, was dropped from the upcoming Live in HD season following outcry that the piece was anti-semitic and sympathetic towards terrorists. Anyone who's seen it can tell you that's not true; Leon Klinghoffer's 1985 murder is depicted with adequate pathos and horror. Adams does, however, present the Palestinian terrorists as humans with thoughts, feelings, and motivations for their actions, however horrid. Apparently, this is too controversial for 21st century audiences.
But I think that no one feels the strain of opera's current identity crisis more than young singers trying to make sense of the changing landscape. We feel pressure to be thinner and more attractive, our bodies as well as our voices now fodder for professional criticism. Female singers, especially, are called out either for being too fat and dumpy, or for using sex to market themselves. After her performance as Octavian in Der Rosenkavalier, 25-year- old mezzo Tara Erraught was blasted by reviewers at Glyndbourne for being “dumpy” and “a chubby bundle of puppy fat.” Meanwhile, her more slender colleague, Kate Royal, was referred to as looking “stressed by motherhood.” Unless you're a tastefully sexy, bikini-ready bombshell who manages to look just under 30 at all times, you're out of luck.
We are told in music school to be entrepreneurial and make our own opportunities, yet cautioned against it in the same breath. The avenues for traditional operatic success are relatively few and narrow; the industry does not typically respond kindly to singers trying to jump the line to success. A pop singer can put her music on YouTube, garner a million views, and score a record deal. But an opera singer? Sure, we can put our recordings on the internet, but this would almost never lead to “respectful” employment. In order to get those kinds of jobs, we have to take countless auditions, enter competitions, and build up our resumes with the “right” kind of credits, hoping that the “right” people will hear us and get us to the next level. Achieving internet fame a la Justin Bieber would almost certainly ruin an opera singer's chances of ever being taken seriously.
That's not the only difficulty with trying to be entrepreneurial. Actors are typically encouraged to write and produce their own work, often while waiting for a big commercial success; singers may meet more resistance. Somehow, opera singers aren't supposed to be jacks-of-all-trades. I founded a startup opera company with two other singers, and a lot of people were confused. ” So, you want to specialize in new music? You want to go into arts administration?” Actually, I just want to be an opera singer who does interesting things that fulfill me artistically, and I'm tired of waiting for the perfect opportunity to appear. Creating new, independent work does not detract from my love of traditional grand opera. But at times it can feel like a conflict of interest. With so many elements balanced so precariously, it often feels like the singing comes last.
Photo/Eugenia Ames Chelsea Feltman (left) plays Lucia in The Rape of Lucretia by Benjamin Britten, performed by the Mannes Opera in May 2013.
But the singing! That's why we all got into this mess of a business. Few people know the innumerable hours of study and practice that go into making an opera singer—of the musical, interpretive, linguistic, and stagecraft skills one has to master in order to tackle some of the most challenging music on earth. I often liken opera to the Olympics of singing; my voice teacher compares hearing a great singer fully in control of her instrument to watching a figure skater flawlessly execute a technical program. It's absolutely thrilling. There is an athleticism to operatic singing that is truly stunning to behold. That a single human voice can project over a full orchestra and envelop an audience of 4,000 people without any artificial amplification; that we never rely on autotune to deliver a note-perfect performance; that we can sing higher, lower, faster, and longer than anyone else in the world—all while telling the greatest stories and giving life to the most intense human emotions. How is that not exciting? In my heart of hearts, I feel that if people really knew this, they wouldn't dismiss opera as elitist or irrelevant or ridiculous. At its best, it is a perfect marriage of technical mastery, physical endurance, and artistic vision, and no amount of sexy costumes or high-concept set design can ever displace that.
So, does opera need saving? Perhaps the industry needs an overhaul, the way money is spent and the way singers are viewed, treated, and allowed to pursue their art. But opera does not need to become something it isn't. We shouldn't strive to be more like pop music or TV or Hollywood. Rather, we should get back to the essence of the art form: no holds barred, balls to the wall, flat out incredible singing that has the power to excite and inspire people from all walks of life.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
Lurking behind the mainstream media's portrayal of a diplomatic victory lies the real story. On the surface it appears as if the Obama administration has finally done some needed landscaping on its backyard but this is more of a vehicle to remove allies from Russia and damage it economically. The Ruble is in free fall after the oil cartel took a hit albeit most likely a temporary one to damage its rivals. The most powerful government agency you have never heard of the Office of Foreign Assets Control has used sanctions like the deadliest weapon on Putin associates and oil conglomerates. Cuba has deep relations with Russia going back decades and has much to offer the US otherwise there would be no reason for any relations.
The Guardian gives us the scoop on Cuba's resources, “20bn barrel oil discovery puts Cuba in the big league”: Friends and foes have called Cuba many things - a progressive beacon, a quixotic underdog, an oppressive tyranny - but no one has called it lucky, until now . Mother nature, it emerged this week, appears to have blessed the island with enough oil reserves to vault it into the ranks of energy powers. The government announced there may be more than 20bn barrels of recoverable oil in offshore fields in Cuba's share of the Gulf of Mexico, more than twice the previous estimate. If confirmed, it puts Cuba's reserves on par with those of the US and into the world's top 20. Drilling is expected to start next year by Cuba's state oil company Cubapetroleo, or Cupet. "It would change their whole equation. The government would have more money and no longer be dependent on foreign oil," said Kirby Jones, founder of the Washington-based US-Cuba Trade Association. "It could join the club of oil exporting nations." The Wire says, “Cuba Looks to Sign a Major Oil Deal with Russia's Rosneft”: As if tensions between the United States and Russia were not high enough, the Russian government-owned oil corporation Rosneft is now seeking a major oil deal with Cuba. At the World Petroleum Congress in Moscow, Rosneft met with Cuban Deputy Minister of Energy and Mines, Ruben Cid, to discuss new oil fields right in America's backyard. Cid told Itar-Tass, "Talks with Russian oil corporations are underway at the moment. The Director General of our national oil company CUPET, Juan Torrez Naranjo, and Rosneft President Igor Sechin signed a memorandum recently in St Petersburg, under which the two companies will do the joint development of oilfields on the Cuban continental shelf.” If the deal continues, it will mean two government-owned oil companies with roots in communism will build a meaningful business relationship. Cuba has oil reserves of somewhere between four and 20 billion barrels. CUPET estimates 20 billion, whereas the United States Geological Society has a more modest estimate of four-to-nine billion barrels. It is in Cuba's best interests to execute the deal, and because they cannot work with American oil companies due to the longstanding embargo, Rosneft is the logical company to approach. Currently, there are only four wells in Cuba, so the Cuban oil reserves have not been properly prospected. This is partially why it is difficult to determine how much oil there really is.
The pope is credited with a crucial role in the rapprochement process. Cuba has not had its oil wells properly inspected due to the sanctions but they also have 5.5 million tons of nickle and supplies 8% of the world's cobalt. Both of these are very important and the United States lacks both of them. Why is this deal happening now, when it could have happened long ago. Nothing has changed, it is not as if Cuba is run any different than it has been. The US is seizing the moment because they have damaged Russia's economy immensely and removing Russia of an ally in their blind spot is very important.
The Diplomat has an article on Russian activities in Cuba, “Russia to Reopen Spy Base in Cuba”: As U.S.-Russian relations continue to deteriorate, Russia is trying to reopen a Cold War-era spy base in Cuba. During Russian President Vladimir Putin's trip to Cuba earlier this month, Putin and Cuban officials reportedly reached a provisional agreement to reopen the signals intelligence facility in Lourdes, Cuba, south of Havana. “A framework agreement has been agreed,” an unnamed Russian source told Reuters. The reported agreement was first reported by the Russian newspaper, Kommersant. The Lourdes base was first opened in 1964 and was used to intercept communications in the U.S. and throughout the Western Hemisphere. Some estimate that as much as 50 percent of the radio-intercepted intelligence that the Soviet Union collected on the U.S. during the Cold War came from Lourdes. Putin closed the facility back in 2001, citing it as a “goodwill gesture” toward the U.S., which had long expressed concerns about the Russian spy station. However, many analysts believed the real reason behind the decision was the $200 million-a-year rent that Moscow was reportedly paying to Cuba to maintain the base. According to The Guardian, “the Lourdes facility was the Soviet Union's largest foreign base, a mere 155 miles from the U.S. coast. It employed up to 3,000 military and intelligence personnel to intercept a wide array of American telephone and radio communications.” The St Louis Dispatch makes it known that many companies have been waiting for the US to open Cuba: Jones says U.S. industry will welcome access to Cuban supplies of nickel and limestone and to the Cuban consumer market. "It's an enormous rice market," says Dwight Roberts, CEO of the U.S. Rice Producers Association. Roberts believes Cubans eventually could import the 400,000 tons of U.S. rice they consumed before Castro's Communist revolution. Detroit automakers would seem to have an opportunity to replace the 1950s' American jalopies that now rattle down Cuban streets, but they weren't saying much Wednesday. "We're encouraged by the announcements today, and we'll evaluate the opportunities," said General Motors spokesman Pat Morrissey, who declined further comment. Mortimer Singer, CEO of Marvin Traub Associates, a retail consultancy that helped bring Bloomingdale's to Dubai, says he will be encouraging his clients to pursue opportunities in Cuba. He noted that fast food franchises and mass stores will be the first to open in Cuba, a repeat of what happened in other emerging markets. But he believes that there will be an opportunity later on for department stores.
It will be a bonanza for US companies when Cuba is fully opened up by Congress but this isn't the main focus of the State Department. Cuba has become a pawn on the grand chessboard, just a small piece in the larger scheme. How many select corporations have been privy to this information? Russia is weak and this administration is taking it apart piece by piece. NATO places missile defense systems on its borders and any reaction is portrayed in the media as aggression. I would like to make it known that just because I disagree with US policy does not mean that I am somehow Pro-Russian. The US government creates its enemies to distract us from local problems and those problems get pushed further and further into the background. Cuba is going to become the immediate victim of homogenization and when we finally go visit Cuba they will have McDonald's, Pizza Huts, Starbucks and the same crap brands that we have here. Slowly destroying their culture, grabbing up their land and forcibly throwing the people off of it.
Mike Vail is a US based investigative journalist, geopolitical analyst, and publisher of StratRisks.com. You can read Michael's articles on BlacklistedNews.com, and follow him on Twitter @MichaelVail
The people over at Fox are quite excited about Saturday night's MLS Cup between Toronto FC and the Seattle Sounders, the first MLS title match on English language network television since Columbus and New York played on ABC in 2008.
“There's a greater reach, a greater prestige to it,” said Fox Sports announcer John Strong— who will be calling Saturday night's game with Brad Friedel and Julie Stewart-Binks— in an interview earlier this week with Awful Announcing.
The time slot and date of the game should also work to MLS' advantage. It's the first fall weekend without college football at night, with its main competition being ESPN's presentation of the Heisman Trophy.
“It's a fairly quiet landscape,” Strong said. “So that's what I love, is how Fox and the league really worked together to say, let's make this a big deal. Let's give this a prestigious spot.”
Fox Sports 1 will provide its fair share of coverage over the weekend as well, beginning with a preview show that airs Friday night at 10 with Rob Stone joining Alexi Lalas, Eric Wynalda, Stu Holden, Sigi Schmid (who was fired as Seattle's head coach in July) and Sports Illustrated's Grant Wahl.
Fox will have pregame coverage at 7:30 eastern Saturday night, including an exclusive interview with U.S. Men's National Team head coach Bruce Arena, followed by the game broadcast at 8 and the postgame show thereafter on FS1.
Since Toronto had the better regular season record, BMO Field will host the match with an estimated crowd of 36,000 expected to attend, according to Strong. That would be a few thousand more than the attendance for last month's Canadian Football League Grey Cup, which saw 33,421 fans fill BMO's seats.
“The renovations they did, the expansion,” Strong said, “it really looks like a big time stadium.”
Both Toronto and Seattle are making their first MLS Cup appearances, and feature star power on both sides. USMNT stalwarts Michael Bradley and Jozy Altidore play for Toronto F.C., while rising national team star Jordan Morris plays for Seattle. Arena mentioned during the conference finals that he'll be looking at another Sounders youngster, 21-year-old midfielder Cristian Roldan, for the national team's January training camp. The Sounders also feature USMNT striker Clint Dempsey, but he'll be out for the match while he looks to recover from an irregular heartbeat.
“It's a matchup of big clubs in MLS that have recognizable star names,” Strong said. “And that's an important thing when you're trying to capture casual fans, casual soccer fans who may not watch MLS on a regular basis.”
Toronto also prominently features Italian striker Sebastian Giovinco, who was third in MLS in goals and second in assists during the regular season. With all the exciting offensive players in this game, viewers will likely not be getting a boring, slow-moving match on Saturday.
“I think you've got two teams that bring a lot of quality to the table, but also two teams that want to go forward, want to attack, want to play entertaining soccer,” Strong said. “So that's where I think the odds of us having a really entertaining match are high.”
As of Friday morning, the weather in Toronto during the game was expected to be mostly clear with temperatures in the mid-20s, which would make it one of the coldest MLS Cups ever. And Strong is more than okay with that.
“For me growing up in the American sports world and being a football fan primarily, when you think of the cold weather, that's the big games,” Strong said. “As the temperature drops, as you can see your breath, there are some snowflakes in the air— that means the playoffs, that means big time stuff. I would always rather it be freezing and just put on a few extra layers than all the games we do in the summer and it's 100 degrees and I'm just sweating my face off on TV.”
Strong said that Fox will have numerous in-game features at its disposal, including the cable cam above the field, dirt cams embedded in the back of goals (which was used at this year's All-Star Game and showed Tottenham's Harry Kane blast a goal from a really unique angle), super slo-mo cams behind and goals and some interesting graphics.
“One of the things we take very seriously and we have a great pride in, is how the game sounds and how well the atmosphere comes through the television screen,” Strong said. “It's less about us yammering on up in the booth, and more about really feeling what it would be like in the stadium. And I know it's a big priority for our bosses and something we're really going to make as a big deal, that you're really going to hear and feel the atmosphere.”
The goal this weekend for Fox and MLS is that the first championship game on network TV in nearly a decade ends up being a world class broadcast.
“Fox is not messing around with this stuff, and is really plowing in some big resources,” Strong said. “Our hope and goal is that the game lives up.”
Documentary aims to challenge stereotypes, start conversations about religion in Sydney's west
Updated
A large-scale film project has launched today across western Sydney exploring the personal and daily practices of various people of faith.
The One Day for Peace documentary film by the Urban Theatre Project tells the stories of 27 people of various religious backgrounds with the aim of starting conversations around the role of faith in the public space.
The film will be screened outdoors on large projectors across seven locations in western Sydney including Parramatta Town Hall, Liverpool Library, Auburn Central and Blacktown Train Station.
Urban Theatre Project artistic director Rosie Dennis said the film aimed to challenge stereotypes and showcase the big role religion played in western Sydney.
"We want to tell a different story, we think western Sydney is incredibly dynamic and really interesting," she said.
"Four out of five people identify as being connected to an organised religion in western Sydney.
"In Australia we don't talk about religion, I think that's got to change."
Ms Dennis said it was a deliberate strategy to place the film in locations with high pedestrian traffic.
"We want to start a conversation and intersect with people's every day," she said.
"Just by placing it in the public space, someone who might not know very much about Sikhism or Islam but has a particular perspective on Muslims then possibly they might see something in the documentary that they didn't know before."
Participants say the film tackles judgment
Revesby father and son Padam and Gursagar Singh both took part in the film project to share their personal faith of Sikhism.
Businessman Padam Singh said as a practicing Sikh he maintained a meditative state of mind and performed daily prayers and songs.
"During the daytime also, a Sikh is supposed to have a meditative state of mind," he said.
"Some of us rise at 2:00am or 3:00am in the morning, do an hour of meditative chant, of God's name, then we read the scriptures, the five morning prayer scriptures.
"Then we have our holy book of Sikhs, we do the opening of the book and we take the verse for the day, we also sing, it's all in poetry."
University student Gursagar, 21, who wears a traditional turban, said the film was an educational tool.
"It's better people understand what it means, that ignorance only leads to hate," he said.
"This project reveals the true meaning behind what every religion is.
"When that educates people, they'll realise these people are just like us, they just want to live peacefully."
Silverwater Muslim resident Tehara Chaudrary and her three children talk in the film about the physical benefits of praying five times a day.
"I pray five times a day, I fast, I stay healthy and I stay connected to God," she said.
"For me Islam is a complete way of life not only for myself but for the community."
The 46-year-old Indian mother of three said the film would encourage people to avoid judgment.
"We should know what each religion is about and read their book," she said.
"Before we judge or come to conclusions, we should look deeply at others."
The film will be played from 6:00 to 7:00pm weeknights from September 14 to 27.
Topics: religion-and-beliefs, community-and-society, parramatta-2150, liverpool-2170, auburn-2144, blacktown-2148
First posted
Many of you may have heard the term ‘Greenwashing', yet, it is becoming more and more common in today's marketplace. With the explosion of all things green, organic, natural, eco friendly, and environmentally conscious has come deceptive marketing. Greenwashing originally has been defined as ‘to market environmentally friendly behaviors or products with an underlying purpose of profit increase', however it has morphed into a more underhanded marketing technique of promoting a product or feature as environmentally responsible when it has little to no affect at all. It can get very shakey around things such as automobiles, or products by which their very existance are damaging to the environment being marketed as ‘green' in the relative sense of having less of an impact on the environment.
This is to be expected in a society where people tend to jump on bandwagons without taking adequate time and energy to explore what they are committing to. We become less discerning, or may not even know what the reasons why we are suddenly drawn to buying a certain way. Similar to the way fashion changes with the wind (I have some old day-glow and fluorescent jackets to prove it), we are sucked in by marketing and pop culture which can easily deceive us into believing we are doing something for a reason.
The classic, and perhaps defining greenwashing example is the hotel industry's practice of placing green placards in each room promoting the reuse of towels to ‘save the environment' when no effort was given to conserve, recycle or do anything different to back this claim. It was simply a way to cut laundering costs by promoting the guest to reuse their towels. While this does actually benefit the environment, the hotels were making no additional effort to ‘save the environment'.
A less observed and perhaps underlying example of greenwashing can be described by a package of smoked salmon I saw recently. The packaging read: “All Natural Supreme Pacific Salmon”, however upon closer inspection, the fine print read: “Farmed Atlantic Salmon”. Now how can this be? It seems like a blatant mis-representation of the product, and it is! Let's start with “All Natural”. Natural is a vauge, undefined and unregulated term marketers like to use because it can describe just about anything, but portrays a sense of un-processed, wholesome, fresh product. To be a conscious consumer, you must learn to ignore this word because it is meaningless. Second, “Supreme Pacific Salmon” is the brand name, but its use as the headline spread across the product makes you believe that it is from the Pacific Ocean when in fact it is not. What makes this a greenwashing issue (in addition to misleading) is that many individuals avoid farmed salmon for environmental and health reasons. Farmed salmon is very impactful to the environment, and many employ antibiotics and growth hormones to increase production.
While greenwashing is beginning to penetrate all areas of our life, from food to home decor, bedding, clothing, electronics and automobiles, it is up to us as informed consumers to separate the true eco-friendlies from the spin. A great, and sometimes humorous resource for greenwashing is the greenwashing index, where users can post and rate greenwashing offenders.
NASA and numerous private space companies have also announced plans for asteroid mining projects. AFP Japanese space scientists have unveiled the asteroid hunting space probe they hope to launch later this year on a mission to mine a celestial body.
The probe, named Hayabusa-2, is expected to be flung into space on a rocket for a mammoth four year voyage to the unpoetically-named 1999JU3 asteroid.
When it gets there, some time in 2018, it will release a powerful cannon which will fire a metal bullet at the asteroid's barren crust, once the probe itself has scuttled to safety on the far side of the rock.
It will then return to scoop up material uncovered by the cannon blast.
If all goes well, these pristine asteroid samples will be returned to Earth by the time Tokyo hosts the Olympic Games in 2020.
At a weekend press conference, Hitoshi Kuninaka, project leader at the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) said he and his team were readying to redouble their efforts for this "new voyage".
"I'm grateful as the new asteroid probe is now nearly complete," he said, according to Jiji Press.
The probe is the successor to JAXA's first asteroid explorer, Hayabusa -- the Japanese term for falcon -- which returned to earth in 2010 with dust samples after a trouble-plagued seven-year mission.
The spherical 1999JU3 asteroid, which is around a kilometre (half a mile) across, contains significantly more organic matter and water than the potato-shaped rock previously studied by the original Hayabusa.
Analysing this valuable cosmic material could shed light on the mysteries surrounding the solar system and its origins 4.6 billion years ago.
Scientists at JAXA say Hayabusa-2 will build on the work of its predecessor, which was only able to collect surface dust samples that could have been altered by years of exposure to various forms of energy encountered in space.
The quality of the minerals found on the asteroids is unknown. AFP Despite various setbacks during its epic seven-year journey, including intermittent loss of communication and damage to its motors, the first Hayabasa was hailed as a triumph of science when it returned to Earth.
JAXA's work guiding the craft back to terra firma made it a source of pride for Japan, even inspiring several Japanese feature films.
Kuninaka said there were a number of possible complications and pitfalls that could await Hayabusa-2.
"Of course, I hope things will go smoothly," said Kuninaka.
"We have had many difficulties in the process of developing the new asteroid probe. Space is never an easy place," he said.
Asteroids are believed to retain materials unchanged from the solar system's earliest days, unlike scorched remains such as meteorites or materials on Earth which have been transformed through pressure and heat.
The 1999JU3 asteroid was selected in part because of its make-up and also because of its relative accessibility.
Jeff Burton, who will end nearly a decade of racing at Richard Childress Racing after this season, says his 2014 Sprint Cup plans are nearly set, according to reports.
Burton talked to reporters Tuesday during a test at Martinsville Speedway and confirmed he had Cup plans for 2014.
"I actually have a lot of clarity, I just can't talk about it just yet," he told NASCAR.com. "I can almost talk about it, but I just can't. I don't know when I'll be able to -- it's going to be a couple of weeks. A lot of stuff happened toward the end of last week and into (Monday).
MORE: Busch-Keselowski feud | Newman future | France divorce | Power Rankings
"So yeah, it's getting real clear to me what's going to be going on. But I'm just not at the liberty to discuss it right now."
Burton, 46, has 21 career victories in Cup and has said he does not plan on racing a full schedule in 2015. He had one year left on his contract with RCR but he negotiated his release from the team, which didn't have a full season of sponsorship for him in 2014.
Burton, who will be replaced by Ryan Newman at RCR, is 19th in the series standings with six races left in the season.
Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a reimagined story set before the events of the first title and has built upon the free running and combat system of the original to bring a totally fresh and more fluid experience. With upgraded visuals that look stunning on the next generation consoles and are especially sharp on the PlayStation 4, this is the game that fans have been waiting for.
In Catalyst there is a lot more freedom with a totally new area designed from scratch, called the City of Glass, to explore. You are able to free roam and select missions on a world map in whatever order you'd like. This includes a selection of different missions to choose from; Story missions, Billboard Hacks, Races, and Combat missions have all been confirmed so far. Every task during missions allows you to use multiple routes that when successfully taken give you a great sense of accomplishment.
Hacking billboards involves Faith having to scale buildings to reach digital billboards to hack and display her runner's group logo. This mission type feels like an addition that was added to flesh out the free roam map, it reminds us very much of the inFAMOUS: Second Son billboards that Delsin Rowe graffitied. We found the billboards to be a nice distraction from main missions as it is a short but enjoyable way to experience and test all of Faith's different skills.
Races involved Faith using all her free running skills to go through a set of checkpoints dotted around an area of the map in the quickest time possible. These races make sure to test every ability Faith has in her arsenal; sliding through vents, climbing up pipes, quickly changing direction, and barging through doors - all of these skills must be mastered in order to reach a three-star ranking. We found the races were very enjoyable with the free running flowing really smoothly from one action to the next without any stutter or jitter in animation or frame rate.
In Combat missions, the aim is to take down every enemy within the near vicinity. In the first game this would have been quite frustrating; having to bring your speed right down to a stop to equip a gun and then try to pick that speed back up to continue was just painful. However, now with this new combat system, no guns are needed and taking down an enemy just requires speed and a tap of the X button. This change in the combat system has been what the game needed from the very beginning; the game feels completely fresh with free running and combat going together like harmony, allowing you to keep your pace up for a faster and more exciting experience.
Overall, our first experience with the game has proved to be something special, with the much improved combat and absence of guns a step in the right direction, adding an extra sense of fluidity that the original lacked. The Mirror's Edge Catalyst demo we played couldn't have been more promising, and has reassured our Faith in DICE's ability to bring us an exciting, fast flowing, free running follow-up to the original.
Subscribe to Push Square on
Will you be going on the run with Mirror's Edge Catalyst next year, or are you yet to be convinced by this follow-up? Lace up your sneakers in the comments section below.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has made it easier for the UK to extradite criminals. But once it leaves the EU, Britain will find it almost impossible to negotiate as good an arrangement as the EAW.
In 1998, fearing that the increasing “Europeanisation” of EU criminal law would force Britain's common law system to be more like continental civil law ones, Jack Straw, then Home Secretary, came up with a solution. Why not take some of the principles of mutual recognition of standards which had worked so well in the internal market and extend them to court decisions? This concept became the basis for the European Arrest Warrant.
The EAW, in force since 2004, allows EU countries to issue warrants requesting another member-state to surrender someone within 90 days. The EAW has helped in fighting terrorism: in 2005, Hussain Osman, one of the perpetrators of the failed London attacks on July 21st, was arrested in Italy and surrendered to the UK in under a week. The UK, a net exporter of criminals, has benefitted enormously from the EAW. Since 2010, the UK has extradited 6,514 suspects to other member-states, and got 800 suspects back from other EU countries.
Since 2010, #Britain has sent over 6,000 #criminals to other EU countries, and received only 800
This insight is the third in a three part series, and looks at whether the UK will be able to continue being part of the EU's extradition system and, if not, what could be the alternative.
The EAW, which is open only to EU member-states, is exceptional in three ways. First, under the EAW, member-states should surrender people suspected of one of 32 serious offences (including terrorism, drug trafficking and human smuggling), regardless of whether what they are accused of is also considered a crime in the country where they are located. In most extradition treaties, a country is only obliged to extradite somebody if the crime they are wanted for is also considered a criminal offence under its domestic law (the principle of 'double criminality'). Second, the EAW led to some countries lifting constitutional bans on extraditing their own nationals. Under international rules, a country is not obliged to surrender their own nationals (though some countries do so). The EAW abolished this ban, and now Germany, for example, can extradite German criminals wanted in the UK. Finally, most extradition treaties contain a ‘political exception': a country is not bound to extradite a wanted person if the crime they are wanted for is regarded as a political act, not a criminal offence, in the country where they are located. The EAW does not allow countries to use this political exception to refuse extradition. The EAW has thus made prosecuting European terrorists easier: terrorists from Spain's ETA or Northern Ireland's Provisional IRA can no longer find a haven in France or the Republic of Ireland by claiming that their crimes were political in nature.
After Brexit, EU member-states may agree to replicate some features of the EAW for the UK, like doing away with the principle of double criminality, but others will be almost impossible to maintain, no matter how keen both parties are to do so. The biggest problem would be getting countries to lift constitutional bans on extraditing their own nationals. Before the EAW entered into force, 13 out of the (then) 25 member-states, including Austria, Germany, Italy and Poland, had constitutional restrictions on extraditing their citizens – some prohibited the extradition of their own nationals for all types of crimes whereas others allowed for it but only in certain circumstances. In 2005, the constitutional courts of Cyprus, Germany and Poland suspended the application of the EAW in their territories, as their laws forbade the extradition of their citizens.
The #EAW allows countries to extradite their own nationals & forbids them from not extraditing #terrorists
These cases triggered constitutional changes all across the EU, so national laws would be in line with the requirements of the EAW. Some EU countries amended their laws to allow extradition of nationals to any country with which an international agreement had been concluded. But others, like Germany and Slovenia, restricted it to EU countries or countries belonging to an international organisation for which an extradition treaty had been signed. If these countries were to allow extradition of their own nationals to the UK, they would need to change their constitutions again. Constitutional changes are not uncommon in Germany (there have been some 50 amendments in the past 15 years), but they require two-thirds majorities in both chambers of parliament. It is not clear that any German government would want to invest political capital in amending the constitution primarily to suit the UK as it leaves the EU. In Slovenia, constitutional change might trigger a referendum, with no guarantee of success.
The EU and the UK may both want to co-operate as closely as possible on crime and security. But it will be harder to find a way to preserve the EAW for the UK than to devise a creative solution to give it access to Europol or to EU databases. No matter how willing both parties are to make concessions, technical obstacles like constitutional changes will not disappear. The British government may want to start looking for alternative solutions. There are three possible scenarios.
First, Britain could seek bilateral extradition agreements with other European countries. But a system of 27 bilateral treaties will necessarily be less efficient than a single, pan-European extradition treaty. Differences between countries are bound to arise, making it easy for criminals to seek safe havens – Spain's ‘Costa del Crime', for example, was particularly popular before the arrival of the EAW. Negotiating 27 bilateral treaties will also be long and painful – some non-EU countries, like Canada or the US, that rely on bilateral extradition treaties with European countries, found them hard to negotiate and ultimately less effective than a multilateral treaty.
Second, the UK could fall back on the 1957 European Convention on Extradition, a non-EU treaty which governed extradition in Europe before the EAW entered into force. Britain could negotiate supplementary bilateral agreements with strategic partners such as Poland (from which it receives a particularly high number of warrants) or Spain (London and Madrid have worked closely to clean up the ‘Costa del Crime'). Under the 1957 Convention, however, it took on average 18 months to extradite a suspect. The average time for extraditing a suspect under the EAW is 15 days for uncontested cases, and 48 for contested ones. Extraditions under the Convention were not automatic and could be accelerated or halted depending on the political relationships of the moment. The EAW introduced a system in which extradition decisions are largely independent of political ups and downs. An additional disadvantage of the Convention is that, as the EAW was supposed to replace it completely, some EU member-states may need to enact new laws to re-implement it vis-à-vis the UK.
The third and least damaging option for Britain would be to seek a surrender agreement similar to the one Norway and Iceland have with the EU. The agreement introduces a system for extradition similar to the EAW. But importantly the deal allows any party to choose whether or not to extradite their own nationals, or to trigger the political exception clause (which may be problematic at a time of high terrorist threat in Europe). The Norway/Iceland treaty took a long time to negotiate – five years at government level plus further eight years for the European Parliament and national parliaments to ratify. Though it was concluded in 2006, it is still not in force: there have been problems in amending the national laws of countries including Italy, Germany, the Netherlands and even Iceland itself, which needs to make constitutional amendments. Even if the UK can start negotiating a surrender agreement before it leaves the EU in March 2019, inevitably it will be faced with a gap before the new treaty can enter into force. In that interim period it will have to revert to the inefficient 1957 Convention – the question is how long that interim period would last. Neither the British government nor the EU have an interest in negotiations dragging on for as long as thirteen years, as was the case with the Norway/Iceland agreement.
Apart from time pressure, the biggest problem in negotiating a surrender agreement is likely to be the issue of judicial oversight, given that the UK wants to ‘protect its sovereignty' by ending the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice (ECJ) once it leaves the EU.
EU countries won't offer Britain an equivalent to #EAW as some may need to change their constitutions
The ECJ does not have a role in issuing warrants (the judges in Luxembourg cannot send a British citizen to Bucharest, for example), but it has an important role in reviewing the application of the EAW agreement. For example, a national court could ask the ECJ to rule on whether extraditing somebody to Poland for stealing a bike was in line with the spirit of the EAW. Or they could ask whether sending someone to a prison in Hungary where conditions are poor would be a breach of the EU charter of fundamental rights. Of course, when extradition is based on a bilateral treaty, it is up to the national courts of the countries involved to make these decisions (as was the case in the 70s and 80s with IRA suspects who fled to the US). But it is difficult to see how any extradition agreement between the 27 and a non-EU country could work without having some sort of multilateral court mechanism in place to review extradition decisions.
The Norway/Iceland agreement works around this not by giving a role to the ECJ (the EFTA court, which polices rules in the non-EU members of the European Economic Area, including Norway and Iceland, has no jurisdiction over justice and home affairs), but by saying that both parties should establish a ‘mechanism' ensuring that they stay up to date with each other's case law. This mechanism is not yet in place and it is unclear how it would work, who would be part of it, and what would happen if it were asked to rule on issues of criminal procedure and fundamental rights (as only courts can do this). A UK-EU extradition agreement would need to be subjected to judicial oversight. Both parties would need to come up with a creative solution. This could either be a totally new EU-UK court with jurisdiction over matters of justice and home affairs; or using the ECJ as an advisory rather than a binding court (as Sir Alan Dashwood, a former director of the Council of Ministers' legal service has suggested).
In any case, Theresa May and her government will need to accept that some sort of international court will be needed after Brexit. The British government will also need to come to terms with the fact that the ECJ, by shaping what EU countries are able to do in relation to the EAW, will also influence how any future EU-UK surrender agreement operates. It will in practice be impossible to maintain the red line that after Brexit the ECJ should have no oversight of the UK at all.
After being a champion of European co-operation on extradition for so long, Britain is about to lose access to one of the EU's most effective tools, the EAW. In considering its options, the British government may have to accept that there is a trade off between absolute sovereignty and the likelihood that those who commit crimes in the UK and flee to EU countries will ever face justice. Even eurosceptics might agree that fugitives from the law should not be the main beneficiaries from Brexit.
Camino Mortera-Martinez is a research fellow and Brussels representative at the Centre for European Reform.
UPDATE: PHOTOS: Rockaway woman again sees deer with arrow in head
ROCKAWAY TOWNSHIP — Seeing deer wander through her Boonton backyard is a regular occurrence for Susan Darrah.
But even Darrah admits she was taken aback by what she saw when she looked out her living room window at about noon on Friday: a young deer with an arrow through its head.
As startling a sight as it was, the animal wasn't bleeding and didn't appear to be frightened, she said. Darrah immediately contacted animal control in town as well as the New Jersey Division of Fish and Wildlife.
"I know a lot of hunters and I know that was nothing done intentionally," Darrah said by phone this morning, noting her yard attracts deer often since it has a large pear tree and its located near Split Rock Reservoir. "I'm sure if any hunter saw him, they would have been kind of enough to put him down," she said.
Darrah spoke to a Fish & Wildlife representative and followed their advice to put out a supply of corn for the deer, which appeared to be traveling in a herd with four others.
The animal re-appeared at 5 p.m. Friday and then again at 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. Saturday, but Darrah said she hasn't seen it since.
The state Division of Fish and Wildlife sent out a crew to the area today looking for the deer, spokesman Bob Considine said. He added that the department would tranquilize the animal in the hopes of removing the arrow.
The state is in the midst of its fall bow hunt season.
Last week I summarized some recent research on the labor force participation rate. The following piece from Michelle Meyer at Merrill Lynch argues the LFPR will likely move sideways over the next few years. Changes in the participation rate have important implications for the number of jobs needed to lower the unemployment rate.
An excerpt from Michelle Meyer's piece:
The future trajectory of the labor force participation rate (LFPR) is very important in gauging the trend in the unemployment rate and risks waging inflation. In order to forecast the labor force participation rate, we must understand the drivers behind its recent sharp movements – to what extent is a long-term trend related to demographics (aging population) versus secular or cyclical dynamics?
We can isolate the effect of demographics on the LFPR by looking at the participation rates by age cohort. The aggregate LFPR is equal to the summation of each individual age cohort's LFPR weighted by its share of the population. ... This suggests that half of the 2.7pp decline in the LFPR since the onset of the recession can be explained simply from the aging population. In other words, holding all else equal – meaning no business cycle dynamics – the LFPR would be at 64.6% today compared to the actual rate of 63.3%. The remaining 1.4pp drop is due to some combination of secular and short-term cyclical factors.
The two primary secular trends are the decline in the LFPR among the youth population and the rise among 55+. The LFPR for 16 to 19 year olds plunged to 34.3% last year from 52% in 2000. While this may have been accelerated by the past two recessions, we believe this is a permanent trend. On the other end, the LFPR of the older population has increased, likely reflecting higher life expectancy, less confidence in social benefit programs and loss of wealth from the Great Recession.
... we still believe that there are some cyclical components. One way to gauge the cyclicality of the LFPR is to observe state-level variation in the relationship between the LFPR and the health of the economy. Based on work from a recent San Francisco Fed paper, we compare the percentage decline in state payrolls to the decline in the LFPR during the recession, both weighted by the relative size of its labor force. We find a positive relationship where larger declines in employment are associated with bigger drops in the LFPR. The paper does the same exercise for prior recessions and finds a positive relationship existed in each, with the exception of the 2000 cycle.
If the relationship holds on the downside, do we also observe it during the recovery? There is little evidence of such correlation in this recovery, but it does exist for prior cycles. In prior cycles, the positive correlation did not become apparent until the economy had exceeded the previous employment peak by a significant amount. This suggests that the cyclical pressure in the LFPR may not be observed until 2015, at the earliest.
We can simulate a future path for the LFPR based on our assessment of the drivers of the downturn in the LFPR. The first step is to account for the continued aging of the population using the Census Bureau's projections by age cohort. If we keep the LFPR by age group constant at 2007 levels and only allow for demographic adjustments, we find that the LFPR will fall by another 3.3pp by 2025 and then slip to 59.2% in 2050. ...
We also assume that the secular trends exhibited during the last decade persist, but at a slower pace, implying a modest downturn in the LFPR among the youth and an upward trajectory for the 55+ age group. ... Based on these rough assumptions, we forecast the LFPR will slip slightly this year, but with a stronger recovery under way next year, the LFPR should start to level off some and potentially increase beginning in 2015 (Chart 4).
The cyclical dynamics, in our view, are not strong enough to generate a pop higher in the LFPR given the downward pull from demographics. But at a minimum, we expect these dynamics can counter the downside pressure and allow the LFPR to move sideways once the recovery builds momentum.
UPDATE I was really surprised the other day when I heard a knock at the door. It wasn't maintenance, and I hadn't ordered anything from Amazon. The box was marked c/o Peltonsdalmation but it didn't click that this was another gift from my Secret Santa.
When I opened the package it all hit me. If there's one place I could travel to it's the Canadian Rockies. Turns out my Secret Santa had some bonus pay and decided to share his good fortune.
The book is a "photographic portrait" of the Canadian Rockies. The pictures are absolutely gorgeous and makes me really want to go to BC/Alberta!
Thank you so much Santa!
My Santa sent two packages, one came through FedEx and the other through UPS. I missed the FedEx package on Friday and so picked it up Saturday morning but I didn't want to open one without the other. Well the second gift came later that afternoon and I tore into them both!
I had posted that my favorite movie is Casablanca and my Santa found an awesome poster! I'm going to have it framed and put it in my work area.
The second package felt like a book...and it was! Breaking Bad has been one of my favorite shows since I started watching it a few years ago. My Santa found a book on the philosophy of Breaking Bad. I'm excited to read it because I always enjoyed reading the subreddit theories connecting the series to Shakespeare and other authors.
Thank you so much Santa! You brought a lot of holiday cheer to my apartment this morning!
We are pleased to announce the release of Spring Security Kerberos 1.0.0.RELEASE. I would like to start by saying thank you for all community members who helped us by either creating PR's for new features or simply providing feedback.
Here is a guick summary of changes what went through with two release candidates and a GA release:
We did a lot of housekeeping to put a whole project up-to-date due to a long overdue from a first milestone.
Spring team added KerberosRestTemplate while all other new features came from a community.
Community contributions are: KerberosLdapContextSource which allows authenticating against Windows AD with existing Kerberos credentials to get more info about a logged-in user. Tweaks to Kerberos negotiation which allows better interoperability with WinRM. Changes how SpnegoEntryPoint is used which allows to fall back to other authentication methods if Kerberos negotiation fails.
Sample has been re-written from scratch and are now Bootified to give better user exprerience.
Now that we completed this long journey and got first GA release out it's time to think where we are going from here. New features are driven by demand from a community so keep this PR's coming(we already have something lined up which didn't get into this release). Some of the new planned features will be done on a lower level where Kerberos is traditionally used(Web, Spnego, AD) due to demand of adding better security features to Spring for Apache Hadoop for example. Hadoop is already a heavy user of Kerberos so it makes sense to support same concepts in our own Spring libraries.
We'd love to hear back what people think by participating in a project or simply creating issues or feature requests at GitHub.
Former Kansas University basketball guard Brannen Greene, who has been based in White Plains, N.Y., the past six weeks as he trains for the 2016 NBA Draft, barely escaped a blazing car accident late Friday night in N.Y., and survived the ordeal with what appear to be only minor injuries, his dad, Jeffrey, said Saturday.
“Brannen was trapped inside a car as a (ride-sharing service) passenger following an accident at Major Deegan Expressway, Bronx, N.Y., and 233rd St., after arriving from Los Angeles where he had NBA team workouts,” Jeffrey said. “The car was struck from behind with so much force it immediately went airborne, came down on a guardrail (with Brannen in back seat), went airborne again and caught fire. It exploded no more than five seconds after he escaped through an opening in a shattered window,” Jeff added.
The driver in the front seat apparently was not injured seriously, though Jeffrey Greene said at least one person in the car that rear-ended the car Greene was riding in was apparently injured.
“Everything in the car — his phone, his computer, his luggage was burned and destroyed. The police said Brannen should not have survived. He walked away from it with a terrible headache, all-over body aches but for the most part he's just dealing with mental trauma,” Jeff Greene said. “To think he survived this … he said when the car got hit he felt like he was asleep, dreaming. He said, ‘I could see all this fire and I was getting hot.' He said, ‘I've got to get out. I couldn't get out. I couldn't find my seatbelt and the wraps. I got scared. I finally hit it and the seat belt came loose. I jumped out the window and started running. Five seconds later it sounded like a bomb (with car engulfed in flames).'
“He got up and walked to the Sprint store today (after getting ride back to his condo and a long night's sleep) because he had no way of reaching anybody. He has no broken bones. He's extremely lucky,” Jeff added.
Jeff Greene said Brannen did not go to the hospital immediately after the accident. He said he felt well enough to merely hitch a ride to his condo.
“The policeman that drove him was a basketball fan. He said, ‘Aren't you that kid who plays for Kansas? Are you Brannen Greene?'” Jeff Greene said. “He said, ‘Yes sir.' The policeman gave him a ride and told him he was lucky to be alive.”
Greene at his dad's urging did go to the hospital on Saturday night to get examined. “He has checked out OK,” Jeff said. “Nothing's broken. He doesn't even want any pain meds. He's back in his condo resting now.
“He told me, ‘Dad, I don't care about belongings. I don't care about the NBA practice jerseys I got (that burned). Dad I'm alive and I swear I'm not supposed to be here. I knew I was dead,''' Jeffrey related.
“To think they said five seconds after he climbed out of a window the car exploded … I could have gotten that call, ‘Mr. Greene can you and your family get to New York now?' Knowing I'd have lost a kid for life. I started crying just thinking about it.”
Greene, a 6-8 guard from Juliette, Ga., recently completed his junior year at KU and declared for the NBA Draft. He's considered a likely candidate to receive a free agent tryout and play for an NBA summer league team. The J-W attempted Saturday to acquire details of the accident from the Officer of the Deputy Commissioner Public Information, but has not received a response.
CrazyBirdman Profile Joined July 2011 Germany 2110 Posts #2 Mmh, this is going to be very hard for TaeJa, Violet had time to practice Heart of the Swarm and TaeJa has barely enough wrists to prepare for GSL. I think Violet will take this, although I am hoping for TaeJa.
GrimwulfSC2 Profile Joined January 2013 Canada 43 Posts #3 Go go violet! All killed FXO in GSTL, and Tajea got stomped in pmroleague. Not taking anything away from his GSL, but will he be as well prepared for violet? Doubt it. "It's not that he's dumb, he's just neural parasited by a retarded infestor." -Day9
ZenithM Profile Joined February 2011 France 15849 Posts #4 I like how we rate "wrists" as a quantifiable concept now. It's not rare to use expressions like "enough wrists", "not many wrists left", "recover some wrists" or "30% wrists enabled" when speaking of Mvp or Taeja :D
CrazyBirdman Profile Joined July 2011 Germany 2110 Posts #5 On February 26 2013 05:22 ZenithM wrote:
I like how we rate "wrists" as a quantifiable concept now. It's not rare to use expressions like "enough wrists", "not many wrists left", "recover some wrists" or "30% wrists enabled" when speaking of Mvp or Taeja :D
I just like the word wrist for some weird reason, it sounds funny. I just like the word wrist for some weird reason, it sounds funny.
yoshi245 Profile Joined May 2011 United States 2639 Posts #6 It's all in the wrists.
That being said while I'd like Taeja to win it, I think Violet will win this. "Numbers speak about the past, not the present." -Thorzain
lykkekage Profile Joined July 2011 Denmark 104 Posts #7 Gotta go with viOlet here.
1) TaeJa probably hasnt played that much HOTS, as he is still in GSL and ProLeague
2) viOlet looked super strong in HOTS and already did an all-kill
That said...Taeja is pretty good man
Karis Vas Ryaar Profile Blog Joined July 2011 United States 3343 Posts #8 see this going one of two ways. either taeja crushes violet through early to mid game harrass or violet crushes taeja through overall game knowledge in the late game. in a straight up macro game taeja's just not experienced enough. should be interesting "I'm not agreeing with a lot of Virus's decisions but they are working" Tasteless. Ipl4 Losers Bracket Virus 2-1 Maru
Shellshock Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 94972 Posts #9 viOLet was complaining a lot about other races in his GSTL interviews even after he all killed. Makes me think TaeJa probably stomped him Moderator http://i.imgur.com/U4xwqmD.png
Lukeeze[zR] Profile Joined February 2006 Switzerland 6765 Posts #10 On February 26 2013 05:22 ZenithM wrote:
I like how we rate "wrists" as a quantifiable concept now. It's not rare to use expressions like "enough wrists", "not many wrists left", "recover some wrists" or "30% wrists enabled" when speaking of Mvp or Taeja :D
I now want casters to yell "he went full wrists" when a terran splits his bio against banelings. I now want casters to yell "he went full wrists" when a terran splits his bio against banelings. Terran & Potato Salad.
Promethelax Profile Joined February 2012 Canada 6808 Posts #11 I believe in TaeJa and his wrists. I'd love to see him make it past ViOlet. TL Mafia. Love it. Play it. http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/index.php?show_part=31 I find Kennigit really attractive. If anyone has a picture of him please feel free to PM it to me.
Prplppleatr Profile Joined May 2011 United States 1295 Posts #12 Last chance for a korean zerg to go to dallas (other than those invited)...all others have lost, can you do it violet?
Darkarus Profile Joined January 2013 United States 8 Posts #13 Taeja man if his wrists are bothering him he could just go mech Taeja and HerO FTW GO Team Liquid Fighting
DifuntO Profile Joined November 2011 Greece 2374 Posts #14 Violet is very good in HotS but Taeja even though he probably has little HotS experience he is good enough to be able to win by playing it as WoL. All I do is Stim.
Kasaraki Profile Blog Joined May 2012 Denmark 7020 Posts #15 It's a shame to have so few zergs, but goddamn if I want TaeJa to move on.
FeyFey Profile Joined September 2010 Germany 10106 Posts #16 Wrists really sound funny, like it too ! Hope they tought Taeja the strong do or dies. Otherwise Violet will probably roll over him in the lategame.
Kasaraki Profile Blog Joined May 2012 Denmark 7020 Posts #17 TaeJa got a lot out of that pressure, and now Violet threw away the lings, I like TaeJa's position a lot. And Violet is making more lings and a baneling nest.
PhoenixVoid Profile Blog Joined December 2011 Canada 16290 Posts #18 I didn't really expect that 12/14 to do that much damage. TaeJa is pretty ahead in supply already, and viOLet isn't even on a third base to do catch-up. I'm afraid of demented knife-wielding escaped lunatic libertarian zombie mutants
Serimek Profile Joined August 2011 France 2048 Posts #19 Go TaeJa, overwrist ViOlet up ! SC2 is the best game to watch.
Facultyadjutant Profile Blog Joined January 2012 Sweden 1871 Posts #20 WOW
how can you choose between these two? Most impossible match of all showdowns T.T #1 FAN OF TERRY THE INTERN - NONY AND IDRA NUMBER #1, EVERY DAY. AXIOM MANOR - Axiom: Ryung, Alicia, Heart and Crank under the Don TotalBiscuit and the Donnesa Genna Bain- Join the family http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=396090#2
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next All
There is some debate about whether Mississippi State cornerback Darius Slay would have been available to the Detroit Lions at the top of the second round were it not for a torn meniscus in his knee, which probably dropped him on a few draft boards. The Lions are now dealing with what they hope is a limited fallout from the injury.
According to ESPN's Adam Schefter, Slay had arthroscopic surgery last Friday. He won't participate in this weekend's rookie minicamp but the recovery period is expected to be about two weeks. There is every expectation that Slay will be ready for training camp.
Of course, it's only fair to point out that Slay said last month: "I was told I won't have to have surgery." Meanwhile, general manager Martin Mayhew said shortly after the draft that he expected Slay to participate in the rookie minicamp.
Clearly plans changed since then. Did the injury prove worse than anticipated? For the Lions' sake, I hope not. The likeliest explanation is the team decided to clean up a relatively minor injury to provide maximum time for recovery and conditioning before training camp begins. But whenever people say one thing and do another, it's at least fair to start wondering if there is more to the story.
The injury occurred March 7 during Slay's pro day workout. Here's what Mayhew said after the draft:
"We are aware of his physical condition and he's in good physical condition. He visited with us in the last couple weeks and we're on top of that. We are aware that there is a physical issue with his knee. We're aware of that and we're comfortable with that."
Coach Jim Schwartz said: "[W]e didn't draft him as a redshirt. We didn't draft him as a guy for further on down the road. We think he can get up to speed pretty quickly, both physically and mentally and help us on the field this year."
Stay tuned.
The price board at the Z Energy station on Whitmore St in central Wellington. Petrol prices in the capital and many other parts of the country are back above $2 a litre.
Petrol prices are back over $2 a litre in much of the country, prompting claims margins are rising as the memory of a price inquiry fades.
BP has confirmed the latest increase at its company-owned sites, while Z Energy and Caltex stations in areas without regional discounting have also raised prices.
A 3c a litre increase in the so-called national price on Tuesday marked the fifth increase during August. Regular, 91 octane petrol now costs $2.019 in areas covered by the price.
In petrol industry terms, the "national" or "main port" price tends to reflect the price in Wellington and most of the South Island.
READ MORE:
* How does Gull, a minnow among fuel giants, cut prices across the board?
* NZ's petrol price differences not acceptable, minister Judith Collins says
* Energy Minister Judith Collins vows to 'get to the bottom' of rising petrol margins
* If the petrol is the same across the country, how can prices vary so much?
Petrol prices across much of the upper North Island tend to be lower, which commentators tend to blame on the fact that Australian discounter Gull operates in areas from Levin and Masterton north.
The price of regular petrol is now at the highest level since the start of June, when prices dropped sharply over a series of weeks.
AA petrolwatch spokesman Mark Stockdale said while the cost of fuel paid by the major companies would have risen recently, the increases were out of proportion with the cost increases faced.
"There's been some upwards movement in the commodity price, but not enough to explain the increases in the retail price," Stockdale said.
"It looks to us, very clearly, like the fuel companies are raising margins after the surprising drop in June."
A spokesman for Z Energy said in just over a week, refined fuel prices have increased by approximately $5 per barrel, and the exchange rate against the US dollar had weakened "so there is some upward pressure on prices".
During winter petrol companies were accused of slashing petrol prices in the weeks leading up to the release of a Government ordered report into New Zealand's fuel pricing.
According to figures compiled by the AA, between May 26 and June 22, the price of petrol dropped 19c a litre, a drop of around 10 per cent.
While this partly reflected weaker international fuel prices and a stronger New Zealand dollar, it was "not enough to justify what turned out to be a very substantial drop in retail prices," Stockdale said.
"It was almost as if [the petrol companies] would be able to point to the report and say it was wrong because it would say margins were this high, when that's clearly not the case when you look at the current retail price."
The report was ordered by Energy Minister Judith Collins on the back of concern about rising petrol prices and increasing differences between different regions.
While the report, released at the start of July, didn't say for sure whether fuel prices were reasonable or not, it authors said "we have reason to believe that they might not be".
Price increases in Wellington and the South Island had increased far more than in other parts of the country, the report said.
Sources in the petrol industry deny the drop in June was linked to the report, and coincided with a drop in discounting, meaning the often stark gaps in prices between different towns narrowed sharply, albeit briefly.
The drop in June saw the importer margin on fuel, as measured by the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment, fall to the lowest level in more than two years.
However by August 18, the most recent figures available, margins on petrol had recovered by more than 5c a litre, even before the two most recent price increases.
I'm a fan of the real Silicon Valley and HBO's Silicon Valley. My favorite episode this season, titled “Bad Money,” features the boys of Pied Piper crisscrossing Silicon Valley pitching investors as they raise their first round of funding. It ends with the show's heroine pleading with the Pied Piper founder not to take all the investment he's been offered.
In real life, raising that first round should be about a lot more than pitch decks and VC presentations. Entrepreneurs should think about that first round in the same way they think about building out their senior team.
Investors have to add more than just money to your bank account. They should have years or even decades of experience that can be put to work to help you avoid the pitfalls you are destined to face. They should have extensive Rolodexes that can help you recruit talent, create partnerships, and get distribution for your products. Beyond the money they invest, your investors need to feel like they are an extension of your executive team, making a real difference in the operation of the business.
We had one goal when we raised the seed round for our company. We didn't want one VC firm to fund our seed round. We wanted several, because with each we were essentially adding to my executive team. It's part of a good strategy in the early stage of a company to make decisions that add to an unfair advantage to succeed. Let's face it, startups are hard and you have to make decisions that are defensive as well as offensive. Companies should strive at every turn to build this unfair advantage to succeed.
Like the boys on Pied Piper, you don't want to “over-raise” at any stage but especially during that first raise. There's a lot of money in the marketplace right now and this should drive caution, not greed. I've seen too many businesses raise too much money early. The result is often that these startups never learn the financial discipline necessary for growing a long-term, financially successful business.
We were looking to raise a small seed round in the $2 million to $3 million range. That's the level needed to launch and test the business in the most financially responsible way. And we wanted a handful of experienced investors to be part of the round.
Fundraising kicked off in October 2014 from the offices of Amplify.LA, an accelerator where we had incubated my startup. Within about 30 days, we had signed commitments from three firms all as co-leads. Investors in this round included Accel Partners, Upfront Ventures and CrossCut Ventures. Each of them committed $500,000, and each agreed to the same convertible note structure, a unique founder-friendly financial arrangement.
I had worked with Accel for almost 10 years and their deep experience with internet consumer businesses made them a value-add from day one. Upfront was founded under the name General Retail Partners (GRP) and their experience should help as we expand with online retailers. CrossCut is an LA-focused fund made up of operating executives; and they have already helped as an extended business development team.
All of my investors have already been helpful in getting the word out, helping us recruit additional senior talent, helping us strategize the best way to launch the business. And they were instrumental in helping us land partnerships.
The best vehicle for raising the most founder-friendly seed round is the convertible note with a Cap. In short, you take in the investment in the form of a loan that gets converted when you raise a priced Series A round. The Cap sets the maximum price investors will have to pay for the stock when the conversion takes place.
This convertible note with a Cap is extremely founder-friendly for a few reasons: The legal documentation is about six pages so no large legal fees; the money sits on the books as debt until it's converted in a future funding, so there are no preferred stock classes, no preemptive rights etc.; and none of the investors are given board seats, so the founders really remain in complete control of the company.
Given how attractive these terms are to founders, you have to have a pretty good team and a pretty good idea to get top tier investors to sign on. But you'll never get these terms if you don't ask for them. So give it a try.
Column by Alex R. Knight III.
Exclusive to STR
The much vaunted libertarian journalist and commentator H.L. Mencken once wrote: “I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.”
I don't consider it a stretch at all to say that this is how any voluntaryist worthy of the title feels. But statists – left, right, and centrist – most obviously disagree. They still remain adamantly convinced that government – whether minimal or all-pervasive – and in spite of all historical evidence to the contrary, remains both a legitimate and useful vehicle for producing an orderly, just, and productive society. And, most maddeningly, they are enamored of conveniently going to whatever lengths necessary to ignore and evade what is perhaps the most important point of voluntaryism: That governments, of whatever variety, can only and ever sustain themselves by the constant, unwavering threat of lethal violence.
I have tried to hammer this point home time and time again to government believers and apologists of all varying persuasions (though, of course, governments are essentially reduceable to the same foundational elements in every case – another unanswerable point that the statists nevertheless pathologically contest time and again), and yet the almost invariable response is pure denial. In fact, I have – though by no means deliberately -- made manifest through my efforts a fairly long list of people who refuse to converse with me ever again, who've “unfriended” me on Facebook and other social media, etc. Yet, not one of them has to date ever provided a rational, consistent rebuttal of the very simple and perfectly comprehensible tenets of voluntaryism/anarchism/libertarianism. Not ONE.
In 1968, the writer Arthur Koestler published what is arguably his best known work, The Ghost in the Machine (and yes, you rock and roll fans, The Police named their 1981 album after Koestler's book). A socio-psychological treatise that owes much of its thesis to Descartes' “duality” concept, the main thrust of Koestler's theory is that during man's evolutionary process, the more advanced functions and aspects of cerebral activity developed before other more primal and often irrational instincts and tendencies had sufficient time to be purged from the human cranial cortex, as it were. Consequently, by the 20th Century, a species of being had arisen on Earth both capable of reaching out for the stars, and blowing their native habitat away in a hail of atomic bombs. It suggested an apocalyptic dichotomy without clear resolution.
Similarly, I have, in a prior STR piece, referred to statism as a “poisoned mind.” I still hold to that description, except that I would now expand and clarify that definition by referring to such a philosophy as a disease – similar to alcoholism or drug addiction. The statist pro-government apologist does not rely upon logic as the basis of his or her conviction. The statist, on the contrary, relies exclusively on an emotional investment in the particular wing of statist philosophy they have chosen to hew to, as a means by which to attempt to rationalize what is, at both day's beginning and day's end, an entirely indefensible moral and intellectual position. Like the problem drinker or the heroin shooter, the statist has become reliant upon the narcotic concept of aggressive authority as the resolution to all problems, and the imposer of the statist's ideals on the rest of society. The statist has even come to see governmental authority – in fine Stockholm Syndrome fashion – as a source of personal empowerment, rather than his or her subjugation and enslavement.
Such is the nature and blindness of addiction and disease. And in the case of statism, currently, 99% or more of humanity is infected.
Does this leave voluntaryists – the < 1% -- in a hopeless position? Can voluntaryism fix the proverbial ghost in the machine, and replace statist thought with an entirely different paradigm? Or is the governmental axiom so firmly embedded in the human psyche, the lust for “correcting” the world with aggressive force so great, that there is no hope of any such seismic philosophical shift – much less one in time to save humanity from wiping itself out on the shoals of statism?
I think the first answer to those very pertinent questions is that regardless of perceived odds, it's incumbent upon us to try. Few listen to us, true enough, and even fewer who actually will listen can comprehend what we're saying – at least the first time around. That leaves us with those who are willing to listen a second time, and those numbers can get pretty depressing indeed.
That said, statism and government, like all man-made constructs, isn't and never was a part of Earth's natural environment. If we were actually crazy enough to be talking about trying to eradicate the sky or the oceans or trees (or marijuana plants, as government at least tells us they want to do), then I'd have to concede that the cause is truly hopeless. Thankfully, however, our ambitions are not directed towards indelible aspects of our environment. What man and woman create, they can uncreate.
You might argue that there's a catch, though: What about that statist disease I just discussed above? If it's that endemic to human belief and behavior, what chance is there for ever achieving a voluntary society?
We know that alcoholics and drug addicts, with work, can recover. They can renounce their former ways and get better. There is absolutely no reason – even in spite of some 5,000 years or so of recorded human history – to believe that statists (believers in government) cannot do likewise with sufficient education and environmentally demonstrated example. And these examples are everyday. I walk into a store and buy a loaf of bread. I want the bread more than the medium of exchange (typically money, in some form), and the store owner wants just the opposite. We make the exchange, thank each other, and continue our day. There is no aggression involved. No coercion. No weapons or threats. Only a peaceful, voluntary exchange.
In other words, that feared and hated word: Anarchy.
In addition, here are some things that, not all that long ago on history's timeline, were almost universally believed by everyone. In fact, those who did not believe these things were considered utter lunatics, heretics, rebels, and dangerous criminals:
*Blacks are meant to be slaves.
*The Earth is at the center of the universe and the sun revolves around it.
*Women are not equal to men in any regard.
*The Earth is, other than a few hills and mountains, a flat plane.
*Aviation is impossible. Only birds can fly.
*Tomatoes are deadly poison. Eat one, and you will die.
*Bleeding a person with leeches will cure their sickness.
*Thunder and lightning means that the gods are angry.
*Governments are necessary for an orderly, peaceful, just, and prosperous society to exist.
Only that last one today remains. There is no reason to believe that it always will. It is possible, I think, to fix the machine – to repair, in other words, what amounts to a centuries-old myth, albeit an exceptionally widespread and destructive one, and reconstruct the world of human affairs based on truth and reality.
And like all before me who have challenged the status quo, I continue to defy the world to prove I'm wrong.
defcon19
Had a blast releasing kinectasploit at defcon19. Thanks to all who showed up so late on sunday.
You can pick up an archive of the tool and supporting files here
Kinectasploit is a mash up of kinect, metasploit and a 3D first-person shooter game environment built in blender.
Here's a video of the first section including a nmap scan recorded by w5hak The official defcon vids of the entire talk are here
You'll be needing these to play with it:
Kudos to Nate Rock for putting together some videos showing how to get all this working on Windows.
Anyone game to do similar for mac?. lemme know
If you want to play with it the key gestures are:
Lean forward to move the player forward
Lean backward to move the player backward
Lean left to slide the player left
Lean right to slide the player right
Rotate your hips right/left to look right/left
Touch both hands to your forehead for 5 seconds to initiate a nmap scan. (removing them before 5secs cancels the scan)
The room is hard coded to ip 10.200.1.0/24, change it as needed.
The room is hard coded to ip 10.200.1.0/24, change it as needed. Target a discovered computer by flexing your right arm, touching your shoulder with your left hand and sliding your hand to your elbow (aka cock your gun)
Aim the targeting ray by pointing your hand out into the room and wave it around.
The targeting cube should be visible to guide the ray, though it has a limited range.
The targeting cube should be visible to guide the ray, though it has a limited range. End the targeting ray by touching your right elbow with your left hand while your hand is outstretched
db_autopwn is initiated via the 'arm of honor' gesture once a computer is targeted
The next gestures are up to you!
game on.:.
Stay tuned for updates via Twitter
The Russian offensive in Syria is still very much in full swing and it is hard to make sense of what is really happening or how effective it has been. According to the Syrians, 40% of all the infrastructure of “Daesh” (meaning ISIS+al-Qaeda+all the hundreds of smaller groups fighting together against the Syrian government) has been destroyed. Russian sources are less enthusiastic and speak of a rather slow and hesitant Syrian offensive. So far, no major victory has been reported, but since all sides agree that the Russian air campaign is devastatingly effective and highly disruptive for Daesh, I think that there is a good probability that the Syrians will soon achieve a major success. If not, then the Iranians most definitely have the capability to truly tip the balance. So this might be a good time to look at what options Daesh will have.
How Daesh can adapt to the new circumstances
First, up until now, Daesh basically could move around at night with total impunity because the Syrian Air Force simply did not have the technology to detect and engage Daesh units at night. This has now changed since all the Russian aircraft (rotary and fixed wing) engaged in the current campaign are fully night capable. This is a major problem for Daesh which will now have to operate in an extremely dangerous environment 24 hours a day. The solution? Camouflage and dispersal. Daesh forces will have to learn to pay much more attention to avoiding detection, including radio detection, and they will have to avoid as much as possible any detectable concentrations. Not an easy task, for sure, but one which has been successfully learned by others in the past.
Second, Daesh forces will have to adapt to guerrilla-style ‘hit and run' kinds of attacks. Until now, both sides were willing to engage in a bizarre kind of “trench warfare” in which each side would dig in and shell the other. Now that Russian bombers and close air support aircraft can be called in by the Syrian frontline commanders, this will become very dangerous for Daesh, probably forcing them to switch to faster, ambush warfare.
Third, most sources agree that currently Daesh controls roughly 80% of the land and 20% of the population. This is mostly due to the size of the Syrian armed forces which are stretched too thin to hold on to lightly populated areas. Daesh can use that to its advantage and try to move around any attacking Syrian forces and then ambush any units whose flanks and supply routes are not secured. The Syrians will have to be very careful not to fall into a “cauldron” trap like the Ukrainians in Novorussia.
Fourth, if things become really ugly for Daesh, they can start using the Turkish, Iraqi, Lebanese and Jordanian borders to hide from the Syrian/Iranian forces and enjoy the kind of safe heaven the Afghans had in Pakistan during the Soviet invasion.
Fifth, Daesh might do what the Ukrainians have done and organized a ‘Russian atrocity' false flag, maybe the bombing of a pediatric clinic or hospital. They could even try a “Russian chemical attack in feeling refugees”. The corporate media will be more than happy to pick up and spread the story, no matter how ridiculous.
Finally, we can be absolutely certain that if the Syrian military is “too” successful, at least from the point of view of the Empire, then all the “friends of Syria” will join forces and demand a “peace conference” whose main purpose will be to save Daesh from complete destruction. This is the strategy used by the West with the Minsk-1 and Minsk-2 peace talks to save the Ukronazi junta from military defeat.
The world has seen numerous examples of Daesh-like forces (in military, not political, terms) adapting to a technologically superior enemy. Right now, the government's superiority is primarily in the skies (thanks to the RuAF) and in intelligence (thanks to the OsNaz GRU units on the ground and the Russian “eyes and ears” in the sky and in space). With time, however, Russian could bring in new equipment (modern multiple rocket launchers, TOS-1 heavy flame-throwers, newer armor and artillery systems) which can make a real difference but at the end of the day, it will be ‘boots', in the sense of infantry, which will decide the outcome. Will the Syrians and Kurds be enough to break Daesh or will the Iranians make a move? I honestly don't know, but my bet is on Iran and Hezbollah moving in. As for a Russian intervention, Putin has now totally excluded such a possibility.
Options recommended by US politicians
US politicians have come up with two suggestions to help their “moderate terrorists”: supply advanced anti-air missiles to Daesh and impose a no-fly zone. I consider both of these suggestions highly impractical and very dangerous.
Delivering advanced anti-air missiles: which ones?! Daesh already has man-portable air defense systems (MANPADS) like the US Stingers and Russian Iglas. These are fine missiles, but they don't have the reach to hit Russian aircraft which mostly fly at 5000m. True, they can hit a low flying target like a SU-25 on a close air support mission or a Mi-24 helicopter. Both of these aircraft have been heavily modified during and after the wars in Afghanistan and Chechnia and they are well-protected against such attacks. Still, sooner or later a Russian aircraft will get hit by such a missile and it is even possible that it will be downed. Daesh already has this capability and sending them more MANPADs just makes no sense but is very dangerous considering the kind of use any terrorist group can make of them against civilian airliners. Syria is not Afghanistan and we are not in the 1980s. MANPADs are simply not likely to make a major difference in this war, especially not against the kind of aircraft the Russians are currently deploying.
ORDER IT NOW
A no-fly zone: against whom, Russian aircraft? For one thing, this would be insanely provocative and the potential consequences of the US shooting down a Russian aircraft are truly terrifying. But this also begs the question of where such a zone would be created. Hillary and the other Neocon crazies are suggesting a no-fly zone over northern Syria. Okay, what if in response Russia declares another no fly zone over the rest of the country? Then what? Setting aside the insanity of actually threatening to attack Russia in military terms, in legal terms the Empire has no mandate to declare such a zone while Russia is standing on 100% legal grounds should she declare one. And if the Empire really goes crazy and declares that it will impose a no-fly zone over all of Syria you can be absolutely certain that S-300s will “suddenly” show up in sufficient numbers to make that an extremely dangerous exercise. By the way, at that point, the Russians can declare that all the S-300s in Syria are manned exclusively by Syrian personnel and are under Syrian command and thus they will be able to shoot down US aircraft in total impunity (as they already have in the past in Vietnam and Lebanon).
A no-fly zone makes sense against a defenseless country, but against one armed with semi-modern or modern air defenses this is a very dangerous proposition. I want to believe that there are enough mentally sane men in the JCS and Pentagon to reject any plan which can end up triggering a nuclear war between Russia and the USA.
The “sulking superpower”
Right now, the USA appears to be completely clueless. First, they accused the Russians of bombing the “wrong” terrorists. The Russians then replied “okay, give us a list of “bad terrorists” targets and we will destroy them”. The Americans refused. Then the Russians told them, “okay then, in this case at least give us a list of “good terrorist” targets not to bomb, and we will not hit them”. But the Americans refused again! At this point, the Russian began making openly fun of the Americans and Putin even declared that his American “partners” have “mush for brains”.
Furthermore, the USA have also refused a Russian invitation to send military specialists to the Russian General Staff and now they have apparently even refused to receive a Russian military delegation headed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev himself! I don't think I have ever heard of a “sulking superpower” but that is what we are apparently observing right now. How long Uncle Sam will continue to pout in his corner is anyone's guess, but this is clearly not a sustainable policy. In fact, it is no policy at all.
I see no sign of the USA having the courage to look at reality and act accordingly. Not only is the Obama Administration at an absolutely unprecedented level of incompetence and intellectual mediocrity, the upcoming Presidential election is just making things worse: with bona fide psychopaths like Hillary, McCain or Fiorina making irresponsible statements on an almost daily basis, the White House must constantly dodge accusations of being “too soft on Russia”. And since no US politician can afford to tell the American public the basic truth that the US is not omnipotent, US politicians are stuck in a never ending race to prove how “tough” they are on “defense”. As for the Europeans, they probably have the brains to see all of the above, but what they lack is the spine to say anything to their American overlords.
Just like in Ukraine, the West has made created a total mess and now is completely clueless as to what to do about it.
Russian options
Contrary to the impression given by the western media, the Russian force in Syria is still a very small one. The main reason for that is that the airfield near Latakia simply cannot accommodate a larger Russian force. As far as I know, there are no other locations in Syria where Russia could deploy more aircraft. True, the number of sorties flown by the Russians has baffled USAF experts who could never have achieved that kind of figures with US aircraft and pilots. Still, the Russian force is small and vulnerable. Of course, one option for the Russians would be to expand the airfield near Latakia, but that would take time and more resources and my understanding is that they want to consolidate their current airfield first. However, as a stop-gap measure, the Russians could use Russian-based bombers. If Iran allows Russia to conduct in-air refueling in Iranian airspace or if Iran allows Russia to use Iranian airbases, then many more SU-34/SU-35SM or SU-34/SU-30SM “air force packages” that could be engaged in Syria. In theory, Russia could even provide her Tu-22M3 to deliver gravity bombs, her Tu-95MS to deliver cruise missiles and her Tu-160 to deliver either one or both. I don't think that there is any military necessity to use these strategic bombers right now, but it might be a good idea to do so for political reasons – just to flex some more ‘military muscle' and show the Neocons that Russia is not to be messed with. Submarine launched cruise missiles would also work, especially if launched by a Russian sub in the Mediterranean which the USN did not detect. What is certain is that after the first volley of Russian cruise missiles the US withdrew its only aircraft carrier – the Theodore Roosevelt – from the Persian Gulf.
[Sidebar: some Russian observers have suggested that the first volley of Russian cruise missiles included 26 missiles because the 26th President of the United States was Theodore Roosevelt, the name of the only carrier which was in the Persian Gulf, and that this was a subtle message to the USA. Dunno. Maybe so. Maybe not. But if it is a coincidence, it is a neat one. What is certain is that for the first time in a very long while there are no US carriers in the Persian Gulf]
The main problem with any military escalation or increased Russian involvement is that Putin would have to sell it to the Russian public which, at least so far, has been totally supportive, but which is generally weary of “mission creep” and open ended military commitments (for example, most Russians oppose an overt Russian intervention in the Donbass). So far, the Kremlin has done a superb PR job explaining that Daesh is a direct threat to Russia and that it was better for Russia to “fight them over there than over here”. This logic, however, is predicated on the idea that a very limited Russian intervention can tip the balance. There is a very fine conceptual line between tipping the balance and fighting someone else's war and that is something the Kremlin is acutely aware of. Hopefully, this line will never be crossed.
A pig attack at a Townsend farm Tuesday injured two people, with one man sustaining life-threatening injuries, according to Townsend police.
Police responded to 188 Fitchburg Road for an injured woman just after 5:50 p.m. Upon arrival, first responders found a 38-year-old woman with lacerations on her body from a pig attack, according to police. She was transported to a local hospital for further treatment.
Hours later, around 7:30 p.m., police were called back to the same farm for a man more seriously injured by the same animal.
Police said a medical helicopter was requested due to the 50-year-old man's life-threatening injuries, but due to weather, he was instead transported by EMS to UMass Memorial Medical Center in Worcester.
Advertisement
The animal, an adult boar or male pig, was quarantined by the state, according to police. Police said it will be evaluated on Wednesday by the Massachusetts Department of Agriculture, State Veterinarian, Animal Rescue League and Townsend Animal Control.
“The Townsend Police Department is investigating two very unfortunate farm incidents involving an animal attacking two people in the same day,” Police Chief Robert Eaton Jr. said in a statement. “We will be working closely with our partners in the animal control and veterinary world to determine the best course of action.”
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- Oakland Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie remains committed to Darren McFadden despite a disappointing 2012 season and hopes a new offensive system helps the running back get his career back on track.
McKenzie spoke to beat reporters on Thursday for the first time since Nov. 30 and looked back at a disappointing first season in Oakland and ahead to the future. He said McFadden will be part of that future as McFadden enters the final year of his contract.
"I'm confident Darren's going to play his last season," McKenzie said. "Regardless of what's out there, we have no decision to do anything with Darren."
After struggling early in his career with injuries and a zone-blocking scheme used in Oakland, McFadden broke out as a star in two seasons with Hue Jackson running the offense. He averaged more than 5 yards per carry in both those seasons and was one of the league's top big-play backs.
But he reverted to his early career form last season under coordinator Greg Knapp, who ran the same zone blocking system that calls on backs to run laterally before making a cut upfield rather than attack the line of scrimmage from the start.
McFadden averaged just 3.3 yards per carry this season -- the lowest for a raider back with at least 150 carries in a season.
"It's obvious that Darren is much better on certain types of plays," McKenzie said. "That goes without saying. That's how you've got to do it. When you talk about being productive, when you talk about offensively moving the ball, scoring points, getting some plays out of your big-play guys, you've got to find ways to let him do what he does best. We didn't. We didn't do that."
Knapp was fired by coach Dennis Allen after a 4-12 season, along with special teams coordinator Steve Hoffman, offensive line coach Frank Pollack and linebackers coach Johnny Holland. McKenzie said the Raiders are close to filling those openings and he hopes to have everything finalized within the next few days.
McKenzie said he has talked to Norv Turner and Marc Trestman, who both got other jobs, but would not name other potential candidates. The Contra Costa Times reported that former St. Louis head coach Mike Martz interviewed for the offensive coordinator job and Jacksonville quarterbacks coach Greg Olson is reportedly also a candidate.
After filling out the staff, the biggest task for McKenzie will be upgrading a roster that lacked depth and stars in his first season as the Raiders were hamstrung by having few draft picks and a bloated salary cap.
McKenzie said he has more cap room to use on free agents this offseason but believes the organization is a year away from having the cap back in order.
"I'm looking for the future," McKenzie said. "We're trying to build something here. And with building, you can't mortgage the future. So we're trying to lay down a good foundation, get the core players that we think can build this team the right way and make good, sound decisions, be it financial, the personnel, coaching, whatever it is. You see the mistakes, correct it. That's the only way you're going to get better, and that's kind of our philosophy."
In other topics, McKenzie said neither he nor Allen has talked to linebacker Rolando McClain since he was arrested in Alabama this month for violating rules on car window tint and trying to lie to police about his identity. McKenzie said he has no plans to talk to McClain about the arrest.
McClain, a first-round pick in 2010, was a disappointment this past season when he lost his starting job for ineffectiveness and was suspended two games for conduct detrimental to the team. McKenzie acknowledged it would have been complicated to release him during the season because of salary cap ramifications but would not indicate what McClain's future was with the team.
McKenzie said he was pleased with the little he saw from backup quarterback Terrelle Pryor, who started the final game of his second season. Pryor threw two TD passes and ran for a third score. McKenzie said he was happy with how Pryor protected the ball and was intrigued by his mobility.
"You can see the plays, and when things break down, where he can kind of create and do some things," McKenzie said. "But he had a chance to make some throws and he did pretty good. I was encouraged. Hopefully, the new offensive coordinator will find a way to see what he can do best during this offseason and see what he looks like in preseason games."
NOTES: McKenzie said QB Carson Palmer is healing from cracked ribs and a bruised lung that sidelined him for the season finale and should be ready to be on the field for OTAs in May. ... G Mike Brisiel had "major surgery" on an ankle injury that hindered him all season. ... RT Khalif Barnes had surgery on a triceps injury and LB Miles Burris had arthroscopic surgery on an injured knee.
An actor slit his throat on stage when the prop knife for his suicide scene turned out to be a real one.
Daniel Hoevels, 30, slumped over with blood pouring from his neck while the audience broke into applause at the "special effect". Police are investigating whether the knife was a mistake or a murder plot. They are questioning the rest of the cast, and backstage hands with access to props; they will also carry out DNA tests.
Things went wrong at Vienna's Burgtheater as Hoevels' character went to "kill himself" in the final scene of Friedrich Schiller's Mary Stuart, about Mary Queen of Scots, on Saturday night
It was only when he did not get up to take a bow that anyone realised something had gone wrong.
Though bleeding profusely, Hoevels survived because the knife missed the carotid artery as it sliced into his neck. Wolfgang Lenz, a doctor who treated him, said: "Just a little bit deeper and he would have been drowning in his own blood."
One officer told Austrian TV news: "The rumours are wild, with some claiming that he was the victim of jealous rival.
"We don't know anything for sure yet; we have to work through everyone."
The knife was reportedly bought at a local shop; one possibility is that the props staff forgot to blunt its blade. "The knife even still had the price tag on it," an investigator said.
After emergency treatment at a hospital, Hoevels declared that the show must go on, and returned to the stage on Sunday night with a bandage tied around his neck, ready to once again meet his mock demise.
BENGALURU: India's e-commerce boom is attracting entrepreneurs and artisans from slums across the country. Nadeem Sayed, 28, a resident of India's largest slum, Dharavi in Mumbai, is one such person who is finding enthusiastic buyers overseas for his leather jackets online. Like him, many slum dwellers from Delhi, Bengaluru , Haryana and Rajasthan are selling products such as luggage, shoes, accessories, pottery, apparel and jewellery on online marketplaces including Amazon Snapdeal , eBay and Indianroots.Sayed said he started selling jackets under Candid Leather brand name just a year ago and now he owns a two-bedroom house in Thane. “On Black Friday (November 27, 2015) I sold goods worth $10,000 (about Rs 6.84 lakh),” he said.“Earlier I used to work for Rs 15,000 per month as karigar (craftsman) of leather jacket. Now I earn $22,000 (Rs 15 lakh) a month by selling jackets to markets like the US, UK and Canada.”Similarly, Sundari Das, 22, from Pilkhana in Kolkata and her team of five other women who used to work as housemaids earlier have been selling chikankari embroidery bedsheets, napkins and table covers online for the past two years.Das, who sells to Malaysian buyers, said she is saving for her girl child. “Education is very expensive. Moving to a bigger and better place can wait, her age and education won't,” she said. Each member of the team now earns Rs 25,000 a month compared with just Rs 3,000 earlier.Sensing an opportunity, US-based Amazon unveiled its global selling platform in India last year. This enables easy, simple and convenient access for all Indian sellers – including entrepreneurs, small and medium enterprises (SMEs), and manufacturers – to Amazon marketplaces across the globe.“Like China, India is on a strong growth trajectory. With burgeoning internet penetration and adoption of e-commerce, global sales from India will be a significant contributor for Amazon in the years to come,” said Eric Broussard, vice president-international seller services, Amazon.com. Amazon has now extended its global selling programme to allow Indian SMEs to sell on nine marketplaces including the US, Japan, Canada, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, the UK and Mexico. “Currently over 6,000 sellers from India have access to this global customer base and can ship their products to 185 countries,” said Broussard.All these online platforms are providing access to sellers to market products made in India on its platform to global customers. This is in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India initiative to turn the country into a manufacturing hub to create jobs and lift incomes. Earlier this month, Amazon said it had set up dedicated ‘Make in India stores' on its India and US websites.Commerce platform Paytm said it will launch a new section on its app and website for Indian-origin products. “Some sellers have expressed interest in being able to sell globally through our platform. Currently, we are in the process of finalising our partners, processes and plans to make this happen. This is also in line with our overall philosophy of enabling sellers to expand and grow their business by targeting local markets,” said Sudhanshu Gupta, vice president, Paytm.Paytm and its largest investor Alibaba have entered into an agreement that will allow the Indian payments firm to expand its network to overseas markets such as the US and China. The tie-up will also give Alibaba's financial arm Alipay access to India's fast-growing payments services industry.Online marketplace Snapdeal has launched on its website a wide range of products manufactured in Dharavi by more than 200 entrepreneurs who sell clothes, bags and accessories from their 80 square feet homes-cum- workshops.As per industry body Assocham , the e-commerce industry in India is likely to be worth $38 billion by the end of 2016, a 67% jump over that a year ago and a tenfold jump since 2009. It said the revenue will grow fivefold to sevenfold during this period.“Increasing internet and mobile penetration, growing acceptability of online payments and favourable demographics have provided the e-commerce sector in India the unique opportunity to companies to connect with their customers,” said Assocham's latest report.
Wall Street analyst notes may one day be written by robots — that's if companies that make the artificial intelligence programs have anything to do with it.
One startup, Narrative Science, creates news articles generated by a computer program. The company has its sights set on financial services, too, The Wall Street Journal reports.
It'll be a win for banks. They're trying to boost efficiency and cut costs, and as the artificial technology becomes more advanced it can potentially take on more complex tasks, the report said.
The way Narrative Sciences' program works goes like this: It sifts through information, such as regulatory filings, databases, and internal documents. Next, it uses an algorithm to put together the information in summaries or articles.
“It's a very hot debate about whether the financial analyst community is going to be decimated by algorithms,” Celent Senior Analyst William Trout told the Journal. “Disruption, when it happens, happens very fast.”
“Analysts are overwhelmed with the work they typically have to do,” said Narrative Science CEO Stuart Frankel. Robots and automation “frees them up to do higher-value work.”
Wall Street isn't the only place where robots may become more involved. Other jobs, such as cashiers and drivers, are seeing more automation, too.
Subscribe to Data Sheet, Fortune's daily newsletter on the business of technology.
HTP Motorsport driver Maximilian Buhk has suffered a major blow to his Blancpain GT title bid, after being suspended from racing at the Slovakia Ring this weekend.
Multiple sources have confirmed to Sportscar365 that Buhk has been suspended after an incident during the second race of the ADAC GT Masters at the Slovakia Ring two weeks ago.
The German driver was forced to retire his Mercedes SLS AMG GT3, but failed to comply with the instructions of the Slovak race marshals to move the stranded car, resulting in the deployment of the safety car.
The stewards of the meeting reported the incident to the disciplinary committee of the German motorsport federation DMSB.
Due to the severity of this violation the DMSB has suspended Buhk's license. Until the disciplinary hearing has taken place Buhk will not be allowed to race.
The HTP Motorsport driver is the current Blancpain GT Series and Blancpain Sprint Series points leader, but with 32 points at stake in Slovakia, his rivals could drastically cut into his title lead or even overtake him.
Nico Verdonck has confirmed he will replace Buhk at the Slovakia Ring. The 28-year-old Belgian driver is Buhk's teammate in the No. 84 HTP Motorsport Mercedes SLS AMG GT3 in the Blancpain Endurance Series.
GEELONG recruit Scott Selwood remains sidelined indefinitely after admitting he could miss the first month of the season as his ankle injury continues to linger.
The former West Coast vice-captain was sent for reconstructive surgery in October last year, a day after being unveiled as a Cats player.
The 25-year-old has vowed to continue a conservative approach, determined to avoid a repeat of the rushed rehabs that affected recent seasons at West Coast.
But the midfielder tonight admitted this injury was taking longer to get over than anyone expected.
“It's slowly coming along,” he said on 3AW. “It's probably a bit slower than what I would have liked, but at this stage I'm pretty much no chance for Round 1 now, so I'm probably looking to (miss) a few rounds into the season and then try to get back into the team then.
“You probably don't feel fully a part of the group and that's just the part of being in rehab and I'm aware of that.
media_camera Barwon Health foundation's new ambassador Scott Selwood recently visited young Gabe Schembri who injured his neck after hitting a sandbar while surfing in Lorne. Picture: NIGEL HALLETT
“But I think once I do get fully fit, I can have the proper impact that I want.
“I've rushed the last couple of times I've come back and haven't played good footy as a result, so I'm really aware that I need to take my time with this one and get it right before I come back in.
“Firstly, I've got to try and get back in the side, and we've got such a healthy list, and then have an impact.”
Selwood said the Cats were not shying away from the lofty expectations that have engulfed the club following the club's off-season recruiting spree.
And he admits “Patrick Dangerfield fever” has hit fever pitch in the town.
“It's quite incredible to watch,” he said.
media_camera Lorne Pier to Pub 2016: Geelong Cats Scott Selwood. Picture: NIGEL HALLETT
“The amount of people coming up to him on the street, you can't go anywhere with him, so we've excluded him from the coffee club group and now we've just got our own little group.
“But it's good. He brings a few more expectations and we don't shy away from that. We're looking forward to it, and Patty is a pretty humble customer, he just wants to get on with business.”
Anecdotally, private company investors I've spoken to are nervous about market conditions for startup investing. I've had conversations with several VCs who told me their fund decided to back off on seed and Series A deals in Q4, instead focusing on follow-on in existing portfolio companies and battening down the hatches on their biggest and most promising bets. There has been a noticeable uptick in Twitter chatter, and posts like Fred Wilson's “Tightening Your Belt” and Fabrice Grinda's “Macro perspective: The startup party is far from over!” hint at the content of boardroom and partner meeting conversations at startups across the country.
Seed Deal Volumes & Capital Deployment Dropped Dramatically in November
In today's analysis, I looked at deal volumes and median round sizes to get a sense of how deal flow and prices have been trending over the past few years. While Series A, B, and C rounds seem to have remained fairly stable (graphs coming in our year-end venture capital report — make sure to subscribe to our newsletter to receive it for free!) this may have to do with a longer lag time between term sheet to close to announcement than seed rounds. However, Pre Series A round volumes have continued their decline and while this trend appeared to begin with a greater capital concentration but similar overall capital deployment to last year, we are now seeing a slowdown in capital as well with November of this year down 41% from last year's pace.
Overall, Pre Series A deal volume are down 36% year-over-year, and November 2015 volume was down 47% compared to the same month last year. Overall, capital deployment is up 19% for the year, but a closer look at the year-to-year chart shows a significant decline from the highs of June 2015 and this year is no longer outpacing last year. In fact, November this year shows a 41% decrease in capital deployed over the same month last year.
For those who live on “Internet time” let me remind you that the end of August saw a significant slump in the stock market, September saw a volatile initial recovery, October kicked off a massive rally, and November has bounced around quite a bit and is up dramatically today. It's been a bumpy ride these last few months, with no end to public market volatility in sight.
How do you think about market sentiment and trends around seed and angel investing? Discuss with us on Twitter @Mattermark or send me a note @DanielleMorrill
The big story in grime last year was the rise of a new generation of MCs. But there was plenty of new talent bubbling up on the instrumental scene as well, even if it wasn't quite as obvious at first glance. On the surface, 2015 saw crews like Boxed, Butterz and Bandulu solidify their positions in terms of rave, radio and releases – the class of 2012-2014 graduating to full-on musical careers and tastemaker status. On the low however, with more hours of grime on radio than anytime since the genre's golden era, there were plenty of newcomers competing for airplay. Some rehashed the same old square waves and eski clicks, but many more showed hints of an original voice, earning crucial cosigns from DJs like Slimzee, Spooky, Mr Mitch and Slackk in the process. With that in mind, here are 10 producers it's worth keeping an eye on in 2016. We're not including producers behind the Jammz/Mez/YGG/MPT/Mic Ty axis here – top talent with some great beats to boot, but those acts already owned 2015. Most of these producers have already released music in some form or another, and we suspect bigger moves to come.
As.If Kid With a solid dozen Rinse FM plays by DJs including Slimzee, Slackk, Mumdance, Logos and even Dappa adorning his SoundCloud page, As.If Kid doesn't need our cosign. He's come up the old fashioned way, by getting good tunes into the right DJs' hands (or inboxes). Specializing in dark, percussive riddims sparse enough for MCs but energetic enough for the instrumental scene, it's unsurprising that he's found a champion in Slimzee, whose current techy, uptempo style once again serves as a crucial bridge to both sides of the scene.
Lloyd SB It makes perfect sense that Lloyd SB's vinyl debut would be on the Boxed label. His sound is smack dab in the middle of the four residents' aesthetics: emotional but rugged, percussive but floating, functional to anyone familiar with grime's rules but completely bizarre to outsiders. But if December's ‘X Out' felt like pure grime, much of Lloyd SB's best material combines the genre's glass textures and laser bass blasts with American club music's bump and flex, bringing a latent Night Slugs influence back into grime's fold and reaffirming how danceable it can get. Surely now's the time for a full EP?
Odeko Unlike most producers on this list, Odeko doesn't have much public music to his name beyond a guest mix on the Boxed show and some SoundCloud loosies, but what we've heard hints at an expansive approach exploring the hidden connections between Rapid at his most lovelorn and electronic experiments by James Blake or Oneohtrix Point Never. With a forthcoming EP on Gobstopper, he's got a ton of potential to add nuance and shading to the label's emotional grime deconstructions, and the outside influences carry a welcome influx of new ideas at a time when the genre can feel a bit self-referential. Trust us on this one.
Ezro Straight out of Lewisham, Ezro spent 2015 bubbling on radio with his beats becoming canvases for countless MC shelling sessions. Repping The Vision Crew, a hotly tipped collective in their own right, his productions were unavoidable on Radar and it's fair to say that he's become one of the station's break out beatmakers, merging classic grime sonics with contemporary hip-hop influences. His beat to AJ Tracey's ‘Spirit Bomb' showcases his frostier sound, merging Street Fighter samples with drill's frigidity, but keep an eye out for his soulful side – there's more to his sound than just the hard stuff.
Rocks FOE It's easy to forget about Rocks FOE's talent on the beats when he's tearing apart a microphone, but like Dizzee and Wiley, or more recently Novelist and Jammz, his production is an undeniable part of his appeal. As dark as any sound to have come out of Croydon, Rocks' production is equal parts grime, hip-hop and trap with a dash of metal, industrial and video game music thrown in for good measure. Though he's shown no inclination to share those beats with his peers yet, you can bet that any MC would jump at the chance to mangle ‘Hold That (L)'.
Boylan (Edgem) The secret weapon behind the Oil Gang sound, you may know Boylan as one third of Edgem and the engineer for releases by JT The Goon and Dullah Beatz. But while his name is low-key, his sound isn't: Boylan's edits of Wonder's ‘What' and Dizzee's ‘I Luv U' are an explosive, high definition take on grime's usual grit, resulting in multiple plays on the Boxed Boiler Room and a whole lot of scrunched faces when their basslines hit. It's a sound that owes a substantial debt to drum and bass's precision engineering, and in anyone else's hands it'd be too much, but Boylan knows exactly when to pull back and let the track breathe for maximum impact – something you'll hear more of this year on collaborations with Slackk and Spooky and some solo originals.
Jook Like As.If Kid, Jook's a producer who has come up through radio plays from tastemakers like Slimzee, Trends and Faze Miyake. Those names should give you an idea of what you're in for: proper pirate bass and darkness, but also light percussion that keeps things moving. His Lean Back EP on Certified Bangers set the pace with Middle Eastern strings and square wave melodies, and his label Say Nothing will be launching on Radar Radio with a back-to-back set with Score5, Jack Dat and Ghost – strong company if we do say so ourselves.
Polonis Across most genres, SoundCloud bootlegs are the bane of a clubber's existence – they're usually pointless and almost always poorly made – but grime's always had a knack for flipping samples, a trend amplified by the success of legends like Spooky and bootleg dons like Gundam. “Choppage” (for lack of a better term) isn't just hear to stay, it's actually the most welcome example of sampling and mashup culture in years, and Glasgow's Polonis has been making a serious play for your favorite DJ's attention in recent months. Dicing everything from jazzy UK hip-hop to up-to-the-second grime bangers, his Refixmas giveaway went far deeper than the average zip, and forthcoming work with his hometown's Levels Syndicate bodes well for the future.
Tarquin & T_A_M T_A_M and Tarquin aren't exactly brand new to the scene, but the stuff they've got in store for 2016 is about to kick their hype into overdrive. First, T_A_M's ‘Watty' will be appearing on Coyote Records with a Tarquin edit on the flip, marking a departure from the label's recent forays into space in favor of a jerky, cartoony soundscape. Keen radio listeners will already have heard Tarquin's ‘Curly Wurly' with YGG's Lyrical Strally, one of the most exciting meetings of the Boxed sound and vocal grime since Mumdance and Nov's ‘Take Time'. Finally, T_A_M's got a full EP dropping later this year on Local Action, and his There All is Aching free release just saw light of day via SoundCloud.
Konflikt Aachener Theater und AfD
Unaussprechliches auf der Bühne
Das Stück „Heiliger Krieg“ verweist auf Gemeinsamkeiten von Islamisten und Rechten. Ein AfD-Sprecher will, dass diese Passagen gestrichen werden.
Das Chaostheater ist eine Institution in der Aachener Kulturlandschaft. Seit 2004 bringt das multikulturelle Ensemble Stücke mit gesellschaftlichem Anspruch auf die Bühne, behandelt immer wieder die Probleme von Kindern und Jugendlichen in kulturellen Spannungsfeldern – teils mit Rückgriff auf Stoffe wie „Die Welle“ oder „Clockwork Orange“.
Die neueste Inszenierung ist Reza Jafaris „Heiliger Krieg“. Im Fokus stehen die Mütter von jungen Menschen, die sich dem „Islamischen Staat“ angeschlossen haben. Es geht um die Verzweiflung der Angehörigen ebenso wie um die Frage, wie es dazu kommen kann, dass Jugendliche sich radikalisieren. Und es geht auch um den Alltagsrassismus, Ausgrenzung und die Ursachen dafür in politischem Populismus. In einer Szene heißt es, die Gemeinsamkeit von Islamisten und Rechten sei, dass beide nicht akzeptieren wollen, dass Menschen das Recht haben, anders zu sein.
Diesen Aspekt hoben auch die Aachener Nachrichten in einer Rezension zur Premiere hervor. Dem Sprecher der Aachener AfD, Jan-Peter Trogrlic, gefiel das offenbar nicht. Er schrieb eine aufgebrachte Mail an Regisseur Jafari, in der er ihn auffordert, „diese Passage in Deinem Stück zu streichen“. Er setzt eine Frist und droht: „Ich werde sonst mit juristischen Mitteln gegen Deine hetzerische, beleidigende und verleumderische Aussage vorgehen müssen.“ Denn er sieht darin eine Gleichsetzung der AfD mit den Mördern des IS. Wohlgemerkt: Laut Jafari hat der AfD-Mann das Stück gar nicht gesehen.
Es ist nicht das erste Mal, dass Trogrlic Jafari angreift. „Er versucht öfter, mir seine Position zu erklären“, sagt Jafari. In einer Mail vom 27. Oktober 2016 nimmt er einen Bericht der Neuen Zürcher Zeitung über die prekäre Lage von psychisch Kranken in Somalia zum Anlass, gegen afrikanische Migranten zu hetzen. „Schwachsinn und dazu noch der Islam in Verbindung mit westlicher, freiheitlicher Dekadenz“, schreibt er und behauptet noch, frei nach dem Lügenpressemotto: „Keine deutsche Zeitung klärt über die Realität auf.“ Es sind die üblichen Versatzstücke des rechten Populismus. Jafari wird in einer weiteren Mail vorgeworfen, sein Publikum aufzuhetzen.
„Das Ensemble wird unter Druck gesetzt“
Trogrlic und Jafari kennen sich. Trogrlic hat selbst lange beim OT Josefshaus, dem Träger des Chaostheaters, gearbeitet, hatte aber 2016 mit dem Eintritt in die AfD seinen Hut genommen. Die Aachener Nachrichten berichteten darüber im September. Demnach war er als Forentroll bekannt. Er soll Begriffe wie „Jungneger“ benutzt und Geflüchtete „Lumpen“ genannt haben. „Ich bekomme jetzt ständig solche Mails“, sagt Jafari. Ein Blick in den Maileingang auf dessen Smartphone bestätigt das. „Das Ensemble wird unter Druck gesetzt.“
Darstellerin Mina Khani, selbst vor rund zehn Jahren aus Iran nach Deutschland gekommen, sieht in diesen Angriffen eine Bestätigung dafür, wie wichtig ihre Arbeit ist. „Wir sind auf dem richtigen Weg“, sagt sie. „Trotzdem ist es immer wieder erschreckend und erschütternd, wenn so etwas passiert.“ Jafari nickt. Für beide sind Angriffe aus der rechten Ecke nichts Neues. „Aber“, fügt sie hinzu, „wir lassen uns davon nicht abschrecken.“
Das Stück Weitere Aufführungen im OT Josefshaus, Aachen, am 31. Mai, 2. Juni, 4. Juni, 7. Juni und 9. Juni jeweils um 20 Uhr.
Wenig später steht sie auf der Bühne und stellt die Erzählung einer vom IS verschleppten Jesidin mit einem Ausdruckstanz dar, der das Grauen und das Leid der Opfer so spürbar macht, dass das Publikum hinterher wortlos und in sich versunken den Saal verlässt. In einer nächsten Szene bricht die Mutter eines Mädchens, das einen IS-Kämpfer geheiratet hat, verzweifelt zusammen – ergreifend gespielt von Kerrin Thomas.
„Heiliger Krieg“ reiht Unaussprechliches aneinander. Jedes Wort, jeder Blick hallt nach wie ein Schuss. Jafari lässt seinen Darstellern Zeit, lässt sie wirken und stellt Fragen, die wir alle uns stellen müssen angesichts dessen, was in der Welt geschieht. „Ich hoffe, dass wir das Stück auch noch in anderen Städten auf die Bühne bringen können“, sagt er nachdenklich. Und man kann nur mit ihm hoffen, dass das gelingt.
Martina Big spent £50,000 on surgery to transform herself into an 'exotic Barbie'
She used tanning injections and a sun-bed to give herself 'crispy brown' skin
She said on ITV's This Morning: 'I want to go to Africa to learn about the culture'
The presenters confronted the glamour model about her controversial looks
A white glamour model who spent £50,000 on surgery and now identifies as black returned to ITV daytime show This Morning to reveal that she is going to Africa to 'learn to be black'.
Former air hostess Martina Big, who claims she is 28 and a size 6, has boosted her breasts to a size 32S. She claims it has taken just three tanning injections and her own powerful 50-tube sunbed has achieved her 'dark, crispy brown' complexion.
ADVERTISEMENT
The German tanning addict, who claims her breasts are 'Europe's biggest', was confronted by Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, who spoke to her via live link from America, about how she was offending ethnic minorities with her controversial looks.
She said: 'I don't want to fight the black people I do it for myself. I am really proud that this medicine works well.
'I can feel in myself that I am changing to a black woman. Now I am a black woman I have to learn…
'That is the reason why In January I want to go to Africa to learn about the culture and so there is no more misunderstanding.
The glamour model also revealed she was going to get surgery on her nose to 'be like an African nose'.
Resize
Martina Big has changed her skin colour from white to black with tanning injections and says she wants to have surgery on her nose
Extreme: The former air hostess wants to 'get darker and darker and see what the limits are'
Transformation: Martina Big used tanning injections and her own sunbed to give herself 'crispy brown' skin
Pictured, Martina before her started her surgeries, left, and after, right.
In January, Martina had three melanin boosting injections that have turned her a deep shade of mahogany.
She first appeared on This Morning with her boyfriend Michael earlier this year and is now darker than ever after having three tanning injections costing £170 each.
Martina appeared to claim that her tastes in food and music had also changed, but then later said 'hip hop wasn't my style'.
She also said that all the surgery was helping her towards becoming black much to the disgust of Phillip and Holly.
'All these steps, having black curly hair. I am going to change my nose to be like an African nose, wider… I am going to have butt implants to be curvier…
‘But also I am going to Afrtica and different countries. To meet the people in person and more about the histories.
Martina also appeared on The Maury Show last month where she told the host: 'I am black. That is my race. I can't wait to go to Africa because I hear the food is tasty.
'It's better to be black, the feeling inside is just better.'
'I am the proud owner of black skin,' she told the audience. 'If they start fading, I won't feel less black. I will ask them for more.'
Martina explained to Holly and Phil about her plans to become more black and understand the culture
The glamour model wants to visit Africa in a bid to learn more about black culture but it shocked the presenters
Martina told the host: 'I am black. That is my race. I can't wait to go to Africa because I hear the food is tasty'. She said on the show: 'I am the proud owner of black skin,' she tells the audience on the show
Resize
Martina first began dabbling with surgery in 2012 and has since spent thousands on her look
Martina, describes herself as '80 per cent black' because she still 'has a lot to learn'.
When asked previously if she thinks she's offending people who were born black, she said: 'No, I don't want to. I know some feel attacked but it's not my intention. I do it for myself and only talk to people who want to talk with me about this.'
ADVERTISEMENT
Martina first began dabbling with surgery in 2012, when her boyfriend encouraged her to take up modelling.
She once aspired to look like Pamela Anderson or Katie Price but has since decided they're 'not curvy enough'.
'I wanted to look like a Barbie with long blonde hair and long legs but much bigger breasts,' she explained.
Resize
'I look at Pamela Anderson and I want to look like her. I like her curves. I am making myself a real life Barbie.'
In a recently uncovered video, Martina is seen standing in front of the Hollywood sign in a leopard bikini top and shorts.
She said: ' The last time I visited this with blonde hair and white skin... And now I'm a black woman with African hair [sic].'
The video has been slammed by viewers. One wrote: ''I'm not pleased or supporting this mess.
'I'm a black woman as you can see and I don't think this is cool. It's sad. It's pitiful.'
Still fair-haired but with a noticeably smaller bust, Martina is pictured before she spent £50,000 on surgery to transform into her idols Barbie and Jessica Rabbit
Martina with her boyfriend Michael, who has also had tanning injections himself, and encourages her extreme look
She recently visited Los Angeles plastic surgeons and asked them to give her enormous butt implants to 'balance out' her extreme figure.
Appearing on reality TV show Botched on E!, she said: 'I have the biggest boobs in Europe but I need my butt to match my boobs.'
ADVERTISEMENT
However she eventually conceded she needed a less 'extreme' procedure.
on •
A restaurant in China is staffed by robots who cook and serve your food! I love how technology is making great strides to bring me noodles on command!
Congratulations to The Daily Mail UK for this terrific article! Here are some highlights, plus the link to go to the paper's website to see more – they do a great job reporting on wacky stuff like this all the time!
“Serving humanity, one diner at a time: Chinese restaurant with robot staff delights noodle-lovers”
By Eddie Wrenn
Here is the link:
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2165339/Serving-humanity-diner-time-Chinese-restaurant-robot-staff-delights-noodle-lovers.html
They say robots will one day serve mankind – in which case you can consider this an entrée.
For if you pay a visit to this restaurant, in downtown Harbin, China, you will find 18 robots – from a waitress to a cooker to an usher – ready to ensure your dining experience is perfect.
The restaurant has 18 types of robots, each gliding out of the kitchen to provide your dish, with specialty robots including a dumpling robot and a noodle robot.
When a diner walks in, the usher robot extends their arm to the side and, with a sci-fi flourish, says ‘Earth Person, Hello, Welcome to the Robot Restaurant.'
After the diners have ordered, the robots in the kitchen set to work cooking.
Once the dish is prepared, a robot waiter, which runs along tracks on the floor, carries it from kitchen to table.
Prepared dishes are placed on a suspended conveyor belt and when the plate reaches the right table the mechanical arms lift it off and set it down.
As they eat, a singing robot entertains diners.
All the robots in the restaurant were designed and made by the Harbin Haohai Robot Company.
Chief Engineer Liu Hasheng, said they invested 5 million Yuan (about £500,000) in doing the restaurant, with each robot costing 200,000 to 300,000 Yuan (around £20,000 to £30,000).
He comments: ‘Staff in the computer room can manage the whole robot team.
‘After the busy times during the day, the robot will go for a “meal”, which is electricity'.
Liu added that after a two-hour charge the robot can work continuously for 5 hours.
The restaurant now provides a menu with more than 30 dishes, and for the average cost for a diner is £4 to £5.
In 2010, another robot restaurant opened in Jinan in northern Shandong province, where robots resembling Star Wars droids circle the room carrying trays of food in a conveyor belt-like system.
More than a dozen robots operate in the restaurant as entertainers, servers, greeters and receptionists.
Again, check out this great website to read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2165339/Serving-humanity-diner-time-Chinese-restaurant-robot-staff-delights-noodle-lovers.html#ixzz1z86mT3mG
Share this: Twitter
MIX
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: cookbooks, Food, Food Review, Funny Pictures, Recipes, Restaurants, Technology, Travel, Travel Memoir
[new_royalslider id=”41″]
With the Los Angeles Dodgers set to open the 2014 season at 1 a.m. in Los Angeles, the reality that plenty of fans throughout Southern California will be unable to watch the game is beginning to sink in. Heading into Friday, Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks were the only providers who carried SportsNet LA.
That has since changed however, as Champion Broadband has joined the group and its customers in Arcadia and Monrovia will also be able to watch the Opening Series:
If you have Champion Broadband in Monrovia and Arcadia, you'll have @SportsNetLA starting today — Dodgers Nation (@DodgersNation) March 21, 2014
Though the added availability is only in two cities, it's another step in the right direction for TWC and their efforts to convince the likes of AT&T U-verse, Charter, DirecTV, Dish Network and Verizon FiOS to agree to terms that would land them the pay-TV network. While the situation could change, Dish Network's vice president David Shull stated their customers aren't interested in SportsNet LA. Dish took a similar stance with the Los Angeles Lakers and have yet to add their network, Time Warner Cable SportsNet, to its lineup of channels offered.
Dodgers president Stan Kasten expressed optimism on Monday that deals would eventually be agreed upon because of the large draw the Dodgers have. TWC CEO Rob Marcus also is on record as believing SportsNet LA will become more widely available, but added negotiations could go down to the wire. With the regular season set to begin, additional pressure has been placed on the cable providers to come to terms.
The Dodgers will play three exhibition games with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim from March 27-29 and resume their regular season schedule in San Diego on March 30. ESPN will broadcast the Sunday game, which is the Padres' season opener, but fans will once again be in the dark for the next two games of that series on April 1 and April 2. An important date to keep an eye on is the Dodgers' home opener on April 4, when they play the San Francisco Giants. Should SportsNet LA still be limited to its three current providers, fans may then resort to switching providers.
____________________________________________________________________
ICYMI: Yasiel Puig talked about adjusting to life in the United States
Deconstructing ‘Gimme Shelter': Listen to the isolated tracks of the Rolling Stones in the studio
Holy shit is this revelatory. Wonderfully demonstrates how the Rolling Stones sound is more than just the sum of its parts, with the component tracks of one of their key songs, “Gimme Shelter,” from 1969's Let it Bleed album.
The vocal harmonies of Mick Jagger and Merry Clayton are nothing short of astonishing, heard naked here. Clayton's performance was one of the most significant contributions of a woman to a Stones number. “Rape, murder; It's just a shot away, It's just a shot away…” Listen to what happens to her voice at about 2:30 to 3:00 minutes in. Fantastic! (Clayton's great cover version of “Gimme Shelter” would enter the Billboard Top 100 charts the following year).
Keith Richards' rhythm guitar track:
Keith Richards' second guitar and Nicky Hopkins on piano:
Bill Wyman, was, of course one of the greatest bassists in rock music history, up there with John Entwistle and John Paul Jones, but less showy than either. Listen as he holds down the maelstrom that is this song with this bass-line. Outstanding!
And Charlie Watts is just a human metronome here. Have you ever head a more perfect drum track this side of Jaki Leibezeit??? (Jimmy Miller, who produced Let It Bleed on percussion here, too).
Thank you, Tara McGinley!
Directed By Larica Perera
Fearful villagers gather at the bedside of a woman nearing labour as they prepare for the presence of a sinister creature.
All too often filmmakers willingly sacrifice substance for style. Implementing heightened cinematic techniques can take the attention away from what is most important - the characters, the story, the point. However, every once in awhile flash can enhance a film both visually and from the perspective of story.
Tik Tik is shot as one long take, a tracking shot from beginning to end that follows a little girl while she desperately tries to protect a woman in labour from a menacing threat. The single shot induces a feeling of dizziness, a fever dream haze that lulls you into a feeling of guarded complacency. By the time we as the audience experiences the turn it is too late. We have been awoken from this nightmare, but still too dazed to fully comprehend what just happened.
That is the strength of a good director, working at the top of her craft with her team. Using the tools at hand to achieve the ultimate goal - visual storytelling. Great job.
For more classic horror in under 5 minutes, check out Arret Pipi and Breathe.
At the end of each year most people realise how little they have accomplished and fall into the tempting trap that is new year's resolutions, in hopes that they can redeem themselves in the coming year—all to be disappointed a week later when they haven't lost 50 pounds and become an overnight success with one simple trick they found from an ad on PornHub. It's outrageous I know!
Does this sound familiar to you? Maybe you hear it every year from good old uncle Bob; or perhaps it's everyone that hears the same old thing from you?
Whatever the case may be, I am a big believer that new year's resolutions are a dumb paradigm to think in, which lead to nothing other than a little hype and that oh so addictive dopamine rush when your Facebook friends congratulate your new year goal announcements.
In this post I hope to convince you why you should not set typical new year's resolutions, and instead opt for methods that make a lot more sense. Or don't and continue to live in a land of mediocrity… that's on you.
So as an obsessively motivated and goal-driven individual, and as a CEO wanting to accomplish all I can in the limited time I have, here are a few methods I use to win at completing my goals.
1. Deconstruct your goals.
It's one thing to understand your goals from a high level, but what about understanding them from A-Z? It's my illusion that many people think of goals like this: Goal > Finish line. When really it's more like: Goal > A thousand steps in between > Finish line.
I believe that a major cause of not accomplishing your goals is due to a lack of clarity. Not precisely understanding all of the steps needed to complete your goal is paralysing, as you can't see a clear path forward and don't know what to work on next… so instead you default to not taking any action at all, which doesn't help.
That's where the awesome DiSSS method from Tim Ferriss come in. He has developed this badass step-by-step approach to deconstruct something large and break it down into actionable chunks.
Not only HOW to break something down, but how to break it down effectively and prioritise what steps should actually be done.
What is DiSSS?
D = Deconstruction: What are the minimum useful action(s) you can work on to make progress toward your goal? S = Selection: What 20% of said minimum actions will lead to 80% of your desired outcomes? S = Sequencing: What's the most effective order for doing said units? S = Stakes: What psychological and social mechanisms can you setup for discipline and motivation?
In practical terms this simply means breaking larger goals down into a series of smaller goals, selecting the highest impact actions, scheduling them in an order that makes sense and setting up habits to make sure you get them done.
2. Think consistent small steps.
The larger the leap the less likely you are to make it to the other side. If you set the goal of losing 50kg in 12 months with no steps in between, how likely do you think you are to achieve it? Unlikely.
As I mentioned in the last point, it's important to deconstruct large goals into smaller steps, aka chunks. Chunking not only makes things clearer and less confronting, it allows for consistency. It's not possible to consistently get progress on large chunks, only small ones that can be worked on in smaller amount of time (hours / days).
Below is one of my favourite methodologies, the Kaizen method, in all its beautiful glory. On the left you have the traditional approach to completing tasks (big leaps and bounds), and on the right you have the Kaizen method of many smaller, more rapid steps.
Instead of thinking: “I need to become healthy”, think, “what is one food that has a lot of artificial-sugar which I can get into a habit of eliminating from my diet”. Then repeat, and continue to scale by eliminating more bad foods one by one until your diet is “clean”.
The Great Wall of China was built brick by brick, section by section. Each brick was made from clay, dirt, sand and mortar. Each individual material was harvested from different regions.
As you can see by the above example, it's the accumulation of small chunks (in this case bricks) which make up the whole.
Always keep in mind these macros and micros.
3. Think habits.
Another major reason for not achieving your goals is a faliure to form a habit around said goal. Unless your goal is completely trivial it will require you to take many actions over an extended duration of time. So make no mistake, habits are what actually achieve goals, not one-hit-wonder based efforts.
If you want to form a new habit, many suggest it takes 21 days, while others say it's more like 66.
But I say screw averages, they are meaningless here. If you really want to form a habit, you need to do it on a neurological level.
Enter dopamine
“Your nucleus accumbens craves the dopamine squirt that it knows goes with what it has learned to be pleasurable. The confounding thing is that the first time you do something, the dopamine comes after the action. In the future, the dopamine is released earlier and earlier until just thinking about something in anticipation causes a dopamine reward. So, the dopamine released before the action and along the way actually motivates you towards the behavior.”
— http://goo.gl/iQQ2Xf
So in essence to form a habit you need to make your brain release dopamine every time you do the activity — so that eventually it releases dopamine before you do the activity, therefore turing it into a true habit.
A really straightforward way to form habits is to set reminders. You can set reminders based on time or location so that you don't forget. Eventually the goal is to remember the habit off by heart, but until that point simple cues are really helpful. Using the reminders app on your smartphone, or setting up events in your calendar will do the trick.
This is a good read on habits.
4. Clearly define the finish line.
You need to clearly define the success state of each goal. Without a very clear picture of how that looks you will be aiming at a target which does not exist. This will lead you to waste a lot of time.
I simply use a KPI based system. KPIs are “Key Performance Indicators”, aka markers that allow you to easily measure performance.
A simple KPI for a weight loss goal is the numeric value you want to see on the scale. If you weight 100kg and want to lose 20kg, then your KPI is seeing 80kg on the scale when you stand on it. That's a simple success metric.
You can take this a step further by defining a more personal description of how you will feel when you complete the goal.
For the example above, you might say something like: “In 12 months when I weight 20kg less on the scales, I will feel extremely proud and satisfied with myself, as well as much more confident with my body image.”
Many people use this form of visualisation to reinforce the emotional aspect, which is very important for staying motivated and convincing yourself that the success state will be that of a fulfilling one for you.
5. Track your damn progress!
Accomplishing a single goal is a challenge for many, imagine if you have 10 of them you're working on simultaneously! It's a tough gig.
Having all of your goals scattered on notepads and post-it notes—god forbid only having them in your head and not written down—is a sure way to not complete your them.
You really need a solid system in place to manage them and track your progress along the way.
If you don't have a simple and effective way to manage all of your tasks then you're in big trouble. It's very important to organise and schedule said goals / tasks so that you know what needs to be done.
You may have heard terms like Agile, Scrum and Kanban before. No? They're all task-management methodologies. You can learn more about them here.
My favourite tool by far for managing tasks is Trello. Here's a demo of how it works: https://youtu.be/xky48zyL9iA
You can simply setup a “Goals” board where you create a task for each of your goals, and break them down into bite-size actions via a checklist.
Then simply set a due date and a reminder to checkup on the goal regularly (a once-weekly calendar reminder is good), and get it done!
Here's a few Trello pro tips:
You will be a task-completing machine in no time with Trello.
6. Think 10X!
Although I think most “motivational seminars” are for fools, I am quite a fan of Tony Robins and Grand Cardone.
I find that you NEED to be highly energetic, passionate, unrelenting and delusionally-positive to make your goals happen, and I personally find these two very motivating and inspiring!
Lately I have been fully embracing “The 10x Rule” by Grand Cardone, which is all about thinking bigger. If you think a task is going to take a month, shorten that time by 10x. If you want to generate $100k of sales this month, times it by 10x.
DO 10X WHAT OTHERS DO EVERY SINGLE DAY.
The philosophy is all about being more ambitious and telling average to GTFO, because you don't want anything to do with it.
Instead of aiming low and being happy when you accomplish mediocre goals, it's all about aiming for the starts, hustling your heart out and being content when you make it further than you otherwise would have.
I highly recommend getting the 7+ hour audiobook, as well as his “Be obsessed or be average” audiobook. They will rock your world and keep you motivated to achieve your goals without stopping.
Bonus: Improve your productivity.
A big part of making shit happen is to actually be really productive. Being a go getter and ticking tasks off like there's no tomorrow will amplify your progress toward larger goals.
Check out the post I have written on the topic below:
How I plan my goals.
I used to plan my goals quite differently, but nowadays I can get away with keeping things pretty simple as I already have reliable habits and a ton of self motivation to get the job done.
My system is a simple Google Sheet with my goals. Each goal has a KPI and a list of actions I can take.
These goals are all fully outlined on Trello, where I track their progress and manage all of the individual tasks on a more micro level.
Below is a sample of my 2017 goals.
I hope these methods and systems can help you smash your goals and feel a great sense of accomplishment not just every year, but every day!
If you're truly ready to take charge of your goals and life then implement these systems and see if they have an impact. What's worse than not achieving your goals is not entering the race at all.
Like this article? Join our newsletter to learn more about holistic wellness and optimising your brain!
Be happy and stay healthy peeps 😀
— John, CEO at Hapi.
The Trump administration has signaled that it stands behind efforts by the Federal Communications Commission and its chairman, Ajit Pai, to roll back the agency's net neutrality regulations for Internet providers.
Speaking to reporters Tuesday, administration officials said that while rules can be helpful, the Obama administration “went about this the wrong way.”
“We support the FCC chair's efforts to review and consider rolling back these rules,” said deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, “and believe that the best way to get fair rules for everyone is for Congress to take action and create regulatory and economic certainty.”
The FCC is currently seeking to undo rules that it approved in 2015 that ban the blocking and slowing of websites by Internet providers such as Verizon and AT&T. The regulations were enacted to prevent carriers from unfairly funneling their customers toward proprietary sites and services and potentially disadvantaging newer startups. But carriers say that the rules are unnecessarily burdensome, prevent them from finding new ways of making money and discourage them from upgrading their networks to be better and faster.
Internet providers have said they support the principles behind net neutrality but oppose the specific FCC rules that attempt to enforce them; public interest groups argue that weakening or repealing the rules will make them far less effective at protecting consumers.
Sanders' critique of the current rules are consistent with statements Trump has previously made. But Trump's renewed support for rolling back the rules comes a day after a procedural deadline at the FCC, and as millions of commenters have filed their own feedback on the agency's proposal. More than 3.5 million comments have been filed in the last 30 days, out of a total of roughly 9 million. It's an issue that cuts across party lines, with even some members of Trump's base opposing him on the issue.
The administration's move recalls similar efforts by the White House, during the Obama administration, to make its opinion known on the issue of net neutrality. At the time, then-President Barack Obama sought to influence the outcome of the debate by advocating for strong FCC rules. He created a YouTube video and website, and submitted formal comments to the FCC; critics soon objected to what they said was an inappropriate attempt by Obama to alter the outcome of events.
“The process raises serious questions about the president's inappropriate influence over what is supposed to be an independent agency that derives its authority from Congress and not the White House,” Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., wrote in a letter to the FCC criticizing the matter.
The Trump administration has not gone as far as Obama. Trump has not created a YouTube video on the issue, for example. And Sanders stopped short of advocating a specific policy for net neutrality, simply ending by calling on Congress to develop legislation that could resolve the debate among policymakers.
Still, some analysts say, any attempt by a White House to address pending FCC matters should be out of bounds. It was wrong when Obama asserted himself, and it would be wrong for Trump to do so now, said Scott Wallsten, an economist and president of the Technology Policy Institute.
“If the agency is independent, then the executive branch should stay out, plain and simple,” he said.
Sanders' calls for congressional action echo recent remarks by broadband industry officials, who have said legislation represents the best hope for approving lasting net neutrality rules. So far, the prospects of a congressional compromise have been slim; Democrats appear more interested in turning net neutrality into a campaign issue than coming to the negotiating table.
Critics of the FCC's current proposal have urged members of the public to call their lawmakers, despite the fact that there is currently no net neutrality legislation under consideration. Meanwhile, Republicans lack the votes to pass a bill on their own.
I know, I know, it's ultra easy for me, the asshole whose team just won the Cup to tell everyone to just sit back and enjoy the ride...but bear with me here. Before everything became sunshine and rainbows and unicorns just a year ago for us Penguins fans, watching a team underperform and fall short after being expected to win wasn't the easiest.
In the blink of an eye, a decade passes you by and you come to a point where you realize you prooooooobably didn't appreciate those ten years enough. Winning or not, flashing back and reflecting on those unappreciated years makes you realize you should probably just enjoy the current moment.
Just speaking for myself personally, I've spent more time than I'd like to admit somewhere between sheer joy, happiness, anger, frustration, legitimate sadness, and pure rage.
We've seen some special things in this beautiful sport over the last several years.
Marty St. Louis' goal to open Game 6 on Mother's Day, right after his mother had passed.
It was 4-1.
Teams score on themselves sometimes.
2 goals in 17 seconds.
Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino.
Vancouver became a riot zone after they lost Game 7.
The Penguins and the Flyers desecrated the game of hockey.
The Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup and barely anyone knew it.
PK Subban played the villain perfectly in Boston.
Sidney Crosby and Alex Ovechkin traded hat-tricks.
John Tavares snapped a 23-year streak of no winning.playoff series' for the Islanders in double overtime.
Chris Campoli once did a really, really bad thing and made a really, really bad turnover.
Shea Weber got really mad and did a bad thing on a different level.
Petr Sykora called his shot.
The ride ends in, if not heartbreak, then at least disappointment for 15 of the 16 teams, but there is good reason why even then this is the best time of year for a hockey fan. The action is furious and the players are putting on one of the best shows you could ask for. Here's to taking it in and enjoying the ride.
What are some of your favorite moments of this era of Stanley Cup Playoff hockey?
What do former prime ministers Stephen Harper and Brian Mulroney have in common? If you guessed that most Canadians weren't fond of them, then you'd be right.
In a poll commissioned by the Association for Canadian Studies, Harper and Mulroney scored the lowest among Canada's seven longest-serving prime ministers in terms of popularity. Only 31 per cent of Canadians thought positively of Harper, and Mulroney fared only slightly better, with 34 per cent support.
Pierre Elliott Trudeau was the most popular, with 52 per cent of Canadians holding favourable views, though 31 per cent thought poorly of him. Wilfrid Laurier was considered the “net winner” of the study, though his victory was bittersweet: 51 per cent supported him and only six per cent disliked him, but a startling 43 per cent didn't know enough about him to choose.
On the other hand, recent prime ministers have not yet faded from memory, which could account for their strong negatives, said Jack Jedwab, executive vice-president of the Association for Canadian Studies.
“A lot of the prime ministers aren't well known by Canadians, which tells us something about our lack of knowledge about our history,” said Jedwab. “Some of our prime ministers — John A. Macdonald, Wilfrid Laurier and so forth — they have very high rates of people indicating that they don't know (enough about them).”
Jedwab said lack of knowledge, especially among youth, contributes to the higher ratings for older prime ministers. Conversely, more knowledge is detrimental to our more recent leaders.
“The survey suggested that over time — maybe 20 or 30 years from now — (Harper) may do better,” said Jedwab. “As the memory about him begins to fade, his negative ratings may come down as … the lived experience under Mr. Harper is less well known.”
That effect may already be helping Mulroney's reputation. While the two prime ministers fare nearly as badly in terms of positives, Mulroney has less negative sentiment: 40 per cent compared to Harper's 61 per cent. While only eight per cent said they didn't know how they felt about Harper, 26 per cent indicated they couldn't make up their mind about Mulroney.
Mr. Mulroney's reputation was hurt by some of the accusations surrounding the Schreiber controversy
Mulroney's ratings also got a boost from Canada's francophone population: 44 per cent indicated positive views of the former PM. The support may have something to do with Quebec's political culture, Jedwab said.
“Mr. Mulroney's reputation was hurt by some of the accusations surrounding the Schreiber controversy,” said Jedwab, referring to allegations of kickbacks from lobbyist Karlheinz Schreiber in connection with Air Canada's purchase of Airbus planes in the 1990s. “But in Quebec, we've encountered a couple of decades of mistrust in our politicians, so that the effect on Mr. Mulroney I would think has diminished over time.”
Dislike for Harper crossed age and linguistic lines, with support for him peaking among the 65-plus demographic at 37 per cent.
But Jedwab notes that despite their current unpopularity, the Conservatives did enjoy the support of Canadians at the polls when they were elected.
“The fact that these are the longest-serving prime ministers speaks to the fact that Canadians obviously found there was something … that was worth returning them to office,” he said.
A recent FOIA request to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for “manuals, documents or other written guidance used to access or analyze data gathered by programs developed or deployed by Carrier IQ” was met with a telling denial. In it, the FBI stated it did have responsive documents - but they were exempt under a provision that covers materials that, if disclosed, might reasonably interfere with an ongoing investigation.
Carrier IQ came under fire after a security researcher demonstrated that the previously little-known company had software installed on a variety of phones on a variety of networks that could track user locations, keystrokes, encrypted Internet traffic and more, some of which was or could be sent back to either the cell phone owner's service provider or Carrier IQ's own servers.
What is still unclear is whether the FBI used Carrier IQ's software in its own investigations, whether it is currently investigating Carrier IQ, or whether it is some combination of both - not unlikely given the recent uproar over the practice coupled with the U.S. intelligence communities reliance on third-party vendors. The response would seem to indicate at least the former, since the request was specifically for documents related directly to accessing and analyzing Carrier IQ data.
I plan to appeal the blanket denial in hopes of answering that question.
Here is the full denial of the request:
Image by Tim Pierce via Wikimedia Commons and is licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0
Syncthing is a cross-platform peer-to-peer file synchronization client/server application written in Go. The tool is similar to BitTorrent Sync (but it's open source as opposed to BT Sync), and it's used to synchronize files between computers. More about Syncthing, HERE
Syncthing 0.11.0 was released today and it includes significant performance improvements as well as various other changes such as:
versioning now uses version vectors instead of plain integers which means Syncthing has proper conflict detection now (in case of a conflict, the file is renamed from file.ext to file.sync-conflict-YYYMMDD-HHMMSS.ext);
the GUI has been changed from polling for updates to listening for periodic status updates from the server side, which should reduce the CPU usage;
the garbage collection threshold has been changed from 25% to 100% (the Go default) which reduces CPU usage and increases sync speed for large files (but uses more RAM - to decrease RAM usage, but with a performance hit, you can run Syncthing like this: "GOGC=25 syncthing");
reduces CPU usage and increases sync speed for large files (but uses more RAM - to decrease RAM usage, but with a performance hit, you can run Syncthing like this: "GOGC=25 syncthing"); The database commit process has changed slightly to better accommodate handling lots of small files and the result of this is a faster sync with lower CPU usage;
scanning of many large files is now more efficient;
user interface improvements, language can be selected from the Web UI, process uptime is now visible in the Web UI, etc.;
Important: the latest Syncthing 0.11 is not compatible with older 0.10.x versions. Also, if you're running an older Syncthing version, it won't update to the latest 0.11 version automatically - to update to v0.11, you'll either have to press the update button in the Web UI or run "syncthing -upgrade" from the command line.
When upgrading to Syncthing 0.11.0, the app will rehash all the files the first time it starts. That's because the database format has changed with the latest release. The old database will be removed two weeks after it was last written so if for whatever reason you want to downgrade, you'll have two weeks to do so.
To support these changes, Syncthing GTK 0.7 was released (and is already available in our PPA) today and besides Syncthing v0.11 support, this release brings the ability to download recent daemon version if the current version is no longer supported, as well as reduced CPU usage thanks to the new Syncthing API.
For those not familiar with Syncthing GTK, this is an unofficial GTK3 & Python GUI for Syncthing which adds extra features like an Ubuntu AppIndicator / tray icon for Syncthing, running the Syncthing daemon in the background, filesystem watching and instant sync using inotify, file manager integration (Nautilus, Nemo and Caja are supported for now), speed throttling, can automatically install and update Syncthing and more
Download Syncthing
Download Syncthing (binaries for Linux, Windows, Mac OS X FreeBSD, Solaris etc. and source files available)
You can also find packages for various Linux distributions HERE
Alternatively, you can use Syncthing GTK to install and keep Syncthing up to date.
The complete Syncthing 0.11.0 release notes can be found HERE
The Nürburgring is different than other racetracks. It was built when safety and motorsport where opposites. There are jumps and a straight so long you have time to ask yourself "How fast am I really going?" There are 73 official corners on the Nordshliefe plus another 11 on the GP course, but that's not what makes the Nürburgring so difficult to learn. There is something about the track itself that makes it more challenging than any other modern circuit in existence.
Note: I flew to Germany in April and rented a seat from www.race-the-ring.com with my own cash. Robb Holland trained me to race the Nurburgring in just 72 hours and we won our class. I took home a huge trophy from the Nurburgring and qualified for the 24hrs of the Nurburgring which starts tomorrow. I couldn't afford the seat and will have to sit this one out till next year, but somehow I went from a $500 Craig's list car to winning at the Nurburgring in just 5 years. I have two articles coming next about how I got there(licenses, travel, costs, etc) and another covering the whole experience. But with the 24hr race starting tomorrow, I wanted to give you guys a feel for why this track is so awesome.
I've been to Nürburgring a few times, so not counting Gran Turismo, which you really can't count, I had roughly 10 laps in rental cars by the time I arrived at the circuit. I had three days to learn the track in limited practice sessions. During those three days I realized there are three major things that make the Nürburgring very different than any other track in the world.
Length
Sure the length is a problem, we know this. But it's not because of the memorization of the 170 corners(84 official) or "learning the line." It's because the 15.2 miles(full 24hr circuit) means you have to wait nearly 10 minutes to repeat a corner and practice it again. And as you can see with three days until the race I still had a lot to learn.
At a traditional racetrack you might see the same corner ever 90 seconds. Your muscles still remember the last time you went through it because it was only a few moments ago. But at the Nürburgring, your muscles will have long forgotten the movements from 170 corners ago. That also means improving your corner speed by 1% is going to be difficult. Bumping slightly up to the limit, lap after lap, after lap, isn't really an option. You need to go out on track and drive, drive, drive.
Some of the racing schools get around this by breaking the track into sections and allowing you repeat the same two miles all day long. But you still need to put all 15.2 miles together at the end so might as well learn like any other track. And don't forget to add the slow deterioration of the tires. Your tires could be fine one lap and go off 8 minutes later just before you return to the corner again expecting to go flat. Good luck with that. Constant Rhythm Sections
Advertisement
The Nürburgring changes as you build speed. This is true of all tracks because a higher exit speed from one corner translates into a higher entry speed into the next section. But at a more traditional track that means you enter the braking zone faster and you simply brake a little earlier.
Except that he Nürburgring doesn't allow this luxury as it generally lacks the massive braking zones that are so common at a modern circuit. The entire Ring is one giant rhythm section followed by another. You're cutting left and back right, over one crest and thru a compression, then back to the left followed by a right and it starts again. Increase your speed by a little bit and the next thing you know, you're a few inches off-line and now the car wont go back because an object in motion stays in motion. And the track is turning the other way…
Advertisement
Compression & Elevation Mean Serious Consequences
That's the thing about the ring. 110mph thru a corner and your fine. 112mph and the track ejects you. It's not like you slowly slide off. The track literally throws you into the air and you're gone. Into the armco. Take the Fuchsröhre for example. You stay on the gas accelerating from little apex to little apex. The front left gets way light. Is it in the air? Maybe. But you're still flat to the floor, and have been since the hairpin-like corner(Aremberg) before it.
Then you see it. The bottom of the valley before you go rocketing up to the tight left against guardrail. It looks smooth. It seems fine. But that compression at speed is unlike anything else. And it doesn't just bottom out. It keeps you loaded up because of the uphill right after it. Then you go left in a hurry to miss the guardrail. And I think you might be in the air again. But its fast and so much is happening at once you just keep driving. Mostly because there's some time to go back to the gas before you get ready for the next section.
So you can't really learn the Nürburgring like other tracks. Bumping slightly up to the limit, lap after lap, isn't really an option. You don't' get to see the same corner every 90 seconds. Instead you come back after 600 seconds… And if you step over the limit there are serious consequences unlike modern GP circuits with their massive gravel traps.
Advertisement
But that doesn't matter because it's not like you're going overshoot a corner by a 1% and drift off. The Nürburgring will eject you. The crash will happen fast and you won't have much say in the matter. Once you cross that line and start hitting guardrails, you're along for the ride so you better know where you're going and more importantly how the compression and jumps will affect your line.
This photo is from Pflantzgarten, top of 5th gear and the landing is into a nearly flat out right hander. Welcome to the Nüburgring. As you could see in the videos above I was still breathing the throttle down into Pflantzgarten as I learned the track. But once you're flat, you end up jumping into the next corner. The track changes significantly with speed.
Advertisement
After three days of practice and 6 hour race we finished with a class win in SP-8 and I can say I learned the Nürburgring. The locals say it takes a 1,000 laps to truly know it, but my times were respectable and that works for me. And I never pushed on the two fast corners to ensure I wouldn't stuff the car and "be that guy."
I also qualified for my dream race, the 24 hrs the Nurburgring, which starts tomorrow and my name is still in the program and on the entry list as car number 45. After 5 years of racing without a real job, I'm out of cash and I just couldn't find one company that wanted to help. So I'm sitting this one out. Next year!
Advertisement
In the meantime, check out the 24hr race this weekend live at this link and cheer for my friends in the number 108 Rotek Racing Audi TTRS. Robb Holland, Rob Huff, Richard Meins, Kevin Gleason, and
Photos by Max Müller and Wyatt Knox
One of the Wild's greatest strengths heading into the final stretch of the season is their depth, and going out and landing Martin Hanzal at the deadline made an already deep Wild team that much deeper.
Wild GM Chuck Fletcher said the acquisition of Martin Hanzal was one that put his teams' “chips in the middle of the table,” per NHL.com. There really isn't any other way to look at it after Minnesota anted up and shipped three draft picks — a first in 2017, second in 2018 and conditional selection in 2019 — and Grayson Downing to the Arizona Coyotes in exchange for the 30-year-old unrestricted free agent to be. It's a steep price to pay for what will very likely be a rental player, but the Wild aren't messing around when it comes to their shot at hoisting the Stanley Cup this season. The willingness to do what was necessary to land Hanzal is proof of that.
Acquiring Hanzal has some clear-cut positives for the Wild, of course. At 6-foot-6, 226 pounds, he's a massive pivot who can play up and down the lineup and provide some offensive punch. He has 16 goals and 26 points across 51 games this season, putting him on pace for the best goal scoring campaign of his career. Minnesota's scoring depth throughout their lineup was already one of the team's strong suits, and adding Hanzal only serves to improve that. Being able to match lines and roll all four units can make or break a playoff series, and you'd be hard-pressed to find another team who can match the Wild line for line with the post-season coming.
It's also a move that's somewhat reminiscent of a deal made in recent years by arguably the Wild's top adversary for the Western Conference crown, the Chicago Blackhawks. During the 2014-15 campaign, with Patrick Kane on the shelf, the Blackhawks went out and made waves with a deal that sent a first-round pick to the Coyotes, along with prospect Klas Dahlbeck, for center Antoine Vermette.
The two trades, the Wild's Hanzal acquisition and Blackhawks' trade for Vermette, have their differences, to be sure. The biggest is that acquiring Vermette was only possible because Kane was on the shelf with a broken clavicle whereas the Wild are at full strength at the time of their acquisition of Hanzal. That said, the two deals are nearly identical in that acquiring the piece from the Coyotes serves only to add to the depth, and the only real way for either deal to pay off is for the season to end with a Stanley Cup victory. Chicago made that a reality, and now the Wild will seek to do the same.
What the Wild need out of Hanzal is also similar to what the Blackhawks needed out of Vermette. While Hanzal's aforementioned scoring ability makes him a valuable piece, the fact of the matter is Minnesota needs him primarily for his two-way ability. When Chicago acquired Vermette back in February 2015, they were ninth in the league in goals for and among the best defensive teams, allowing the fourth-fewest goals against. Getting one of the coveted pieces wasn't something that was supposed to help the offense, but rather one that provided additional depth at a time when it's at a premium. That's almost exactly the situation the Wild find themselves in, except Minnesota happens to be slightly better at both ends of the ice.
As of Monday, Minnesota ranks fifth in goals for, potting 195 this season, and the only team that has allowed fewer goals is the league-leading Washington Capitals. A massive part of that has been the play of goaltender Devan Dubnyk, who has to be the frontrunner to win the Vezina Trophy this season. But going hand-in-hand with Dubnyk's play is that there's never a time when a unit on the Wild is all that overpowered. Now imagine that same lineup with Hanzal, a veteran two-way pivot who can take heavy defensive zone starts and kill penalties.
This is a team that has gotten so much firepower out of its lineup and one that has seen its offense spread almost equally across all four lines. The Wild boast 10 players with 10 or more goals, and Hanzal is the 11th 10-plus goal guy in the lineup. So while he might add a few goals here or there, he won't be required to come in and be something he isn't. He can play tough defensive minutes, skate against top opponents and chip in here or there. If he happens to score, that's a bonus, but the fact he can also make plays with his body and his stick in the defensive zone will be just as important.
The other underrated element of the deal, one that Fletcher copped to, is that acquiring Hanzal ensures that no other team who could have used him to bolster their middle-six is going to be able to get him now. Per NHL.com, Fletcher said that the Wild's goal was “to have him play for us and also to keep him away from other teams in the West.”
It's not easy to work your way to the Stanley Cup final, and in a wide-open Western Conference, this might have been the best year in recent memory where going all-in could carve a team a path through the playoffs. Blocking other Western teams from potentially landing a piece that could have strengthened their roster in time for the post-season is a clever move. Some will call it an overpay, some will call it foolish, but with the position the Wild are in right now, leading the Central Division and tops in the Western Conference, not making a move on Hanzal now may have looked equally foolish down the line if one of the other Western contenders scooped up the pivot and he paid off in the post-season.
According to the Star-Tribune's Michael Russo, Fletcher said this is a deal that sends a message to both the players and the fans. This is the Wild “taking a swing” and seeing if this can be their year. And with an already stellar roster and a team that's performing as well as they ever have, adding Hanzal to bolster the depth gives Minnesota a better shot as of Monday than they had on Sunday before the trade. And even if Hanzal isn't an offensive stud for the Wild, what he does up and down the ice could make all the difference.
Want more in-depth features and expert analysis on the game you love? Subscribe to The Hockey News magazine.
Welcome to Around the Horns, our daily look at what's happening on the Vikings beat:
Now that the regular season is upon us, we're bringing back Around the Horns, which will kick off each day on this blog as we look at Vikings coverage of note, both from ESPN and other outlets.
Speaking of coverage from other outlets, offensive tackle Matt Kalil got quite a bit of attention during the preseason, especially after Pro Football Focus highlighted his struggles following the Vikings' third preseason game in Kansas City. Coach Mike Zimmer gave an unprompted critique of the analytics website the following Monday, saying fans and writers needed to treat the site's postgame grades with a grain of salt, since no one outside the team knew exactly what a player's responsibilities were on a given play. Zimmer didn't mention Kalil specifically, but when offensive coordinator Norv Turner was asked about Kalil last week, he said "people who are trying to evaluate our tape and not knowing what we're doing, it just doesn't make any sense."
Turner said last week the Vikings intentionally were leaving Kalil one-on-one against speed rushers like Kansas City's Tamba Hali to see how he fared, and for his part, Kalil said on Monday he'd been experimenting with new pass sets, which wouldn't necessarily carry over into the regular season. "If you get beat, you get beat; that one doesn't work, and you work with something else," Kalil said. "That's what the preseason was for me. Even right now, I'm figuring some more stuff out. Come Sunday, I'll know exactly what I need to do."
Kalil's disappointing second season can be blamed partially on a knee injury that hampered his ability to deal with speed rushers, but he'll have plenty of incentive to get back to his Pro Bowl performance from his rookie season. Tyron Smith, Kalil's former teammate at USC who went to the Dallas Cowboys with the ninth pick in the draft the year before the Vikings took Kalil No. 4 overall, got an eight-year, $97 million extension from the Cowboys during the offseason. If Kalil can get himself back on track in Year 3, there's a lucrative payday waiting for him down the road.
In case you missed it on ESPN.com:
Best of the rest:
The following is a sample 10th Amendment House Concurrent Resolution approved by the Tenth Amendment Center. Activists, we encourage you to send this to your state senators and representatives – and ask them to introduce this resolution in your state.
A RESOLUTION affirming the sovereignty of the People of the State of _________.
WHEREAS, in the American system, sovereignty is defined as final authority, and the People, not government, are sovereign; and
WHEREAS, the people of the State of __________ are not united with the People of the other forty-nine states that comprise the United States of America on a principle of unlimited submission to their federal government; and
WHEREAS, all power not delegated by the people to government is retained; and
WHEREAS, the People of the several States comprising the United States of America created the federal government to be their agent for certain enumerated purposes only; and
WHEREAS, the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States reads as follows: “The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people;” and
WHEREAS, the Tenth Amendment defines the total scope of federal power as being that which has been delegated by the people to the federal government in the Constitution of the United States, and also that which is necessary and proper to carry into execution those enumerated powers; with the rest being left to state governments or the people themselves; and
WHEREAS, powers, too numerous to list for the purposes of this resolution, have been exercised, past and present, by federal administrations, under the leadership of both Democrats and Republicans, which infringe on the sovereignty of the people of this state, and may further violate the Constitution of the United States; and
WHEREAS, when powers are assumed by the federal government which have not been delegated to it by the People, a nullification of the act is the rightful remedy; that without this remedy, the People of this State would be under the dominion, absolute and unlimited, of whoever might exercise this right of judgment for them.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE _____ OF THE _______ GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF ______, WITH THE SENATE
CONCURRING, that we hereby affirm the sovereignty of the People of the State of _______ under the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States over all powers not otherwise delegated to the federal government by the Constitution of the United States; and, be it further
RESOLVED, that this Resolution shall serve as a Notice and Demand to the federal government to cease and desist any and all activities outside the scope of their constitutionally-delegated powers; and, it is further
RESOLVED, that a committee of conference be appointed by this legislature, which shall have as its charge to recommend and propose legislation which would have the effect of nullifying specific federal laws and regulations which are outside the scope of the powers delegated by the People to the federal government in the Constitution; and, be it further
RESOLVED, that a committee of correspondence be appointed, which shall have as its charge to communicate the preceding resolutions to the Legislatures of the several States; to assure them that this State continues in the same esteem of their friendship as currently exists; that it considers union, for specified national purposes, and particularly those enumerated in the Constitution of the United States, to be friendly to the peace, happiness and prosperity of all the States; and, be it further
RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker and the Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, and to each member of this State's Congressional delegation with the request that this resolution be officially entered in the Congressional Record as a memorial to the Congress of the United States of America.
Under New Jersey law, patients treated in a hospital emergency room outside their provider's network have to pay out of pocket only what they would have paid if the hospital was in the network. But an out-of-network hospital can bill the patient's insurer at essentially whatever rate it cares to set. While the insurers can negotiate with the hospital, they generally end up paying more than they would have under a contractual agreement.
In recent years, Bayonne Medical put up digital billboards highlighting the short waits in its emergency rooms in an effort to attract more patients. Insurers complained that the hospital was seeking to take advantage of the higher rates it could charge.
While the law was aimed at giving patients more hospitals to choose from, it “has had the unintended consequence of rewarding folks for these inflated charges,” said Wardell Sanders, president of the New Jersey Association of Health Plans. “When people say these charges are just the sticker price and it's meaningless, it's not meaningless.”
Community leaders in Bayonne, fearing the hospital could close, said the buyers were always candid about the methods they intended to use to make the hospital a profitable enterprise.
“That raised a lot of concern, but what other choice did we have?” said Jeanne Otersen, who was a member of the Coalition to Save Bayonne Medical Center and is policy director for the Health Professionals and Allied Employees, a union that represents nurses at the facility.
Not surprisingly, the insurers fought back against the out-of-network model. In 2009, Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey filed an injunction in New Jersey Superior Court saying Bayonne Medical's owners had “flatly rejected” and refused to negotiate an in-network hospital contract with Horizon. When the existing agreement expired in early 2009, Horizon said Bayonne sharply increased its prices. Bayonne's in-network charges to Horizon averaged $13,000 a day in 2008. A year later, when it was out of network, the charges soared to $29,000, the insurer said in a spring 2009 news release.
Bayonne Medical denied allegations in Horizon's lawsuit that it was artificially inflating prices, and filed its own lawsuit against Horizon, claiming the insurer had intimidated patients and tried to get them to leave the facility before completing their treatments.
Cocaine greeting cards shut down Brisbane police station
Posted
A man who went to police after finding white powder inside a greeting card he received triggered the evacuation of a Brisbane police station, after authorities feared the powder - later discovered to be cocaine - was anthrax.
Officers set up a 50-metre exclusion zone at Boondall Police Station on Monday evening, a Queensland Police Service spokesman said.
The recipient had spotted white powder in one of two greeting cards which were delivered by mail from the UK to an Aspley address earlier in the day.
He put the cards into a plastic bag and went to police, where he asked for help.
Police were forced to set up an exclusion zone while the Queensland Fire and Emergency Service conducted a dip-test on the powder.
Preliminary results suggested it was cocaine but it has been sent to the John Tonge Centre for scientific analysis.
Police are working with their UK counterparts to determine who sent the greeting cards.
Topics: crime, law-crime-and-justice, police, aspley-4034
'Conjuring 2' Looks to Scare Up a #1 Finish Over 'Now You See Me 2' and 'Warcraft'
June 9, 2016
Saturday AM Update: Friday estimates are in and The Conjuring 2 finds itself atop the chart with an estimated $16.4 million on track to finish a bit above Mojo's forecast and an opening weekend around $38 million.
Finishing second is Universal's Warcraft with an estimated $10.7 million, a better start than expected as it is now looking at an opening around $27 million or so, but the story remains its status in China, which is now around $145 million after just four days. The film's international total is now estimated at $276.9M as of end of day yesterday.
Lionsgate and Summit's Now You See Me 2 is right on schedule for a $24 million opening after bringing in an estimated $8.4 million on Friday.
You can browse the Friday estimates right here and we'll be back tomorrow with a complete weekend wrap-up.
Friday AM Update: Leading the charge Thursday evening, Warner's The Conjuring 2 brought in $3.4 million from preview screenings, a number that matches The Purge, which opened in early June 2013 and went on to haul in $34 million in its opening weekend. It's also $100,000 more than the original film brought in when it opened, leading to a $41.8 million opening.
Also improving on its predecessor's Thursday preview number was Lionsgate and Summit's Now You See Me 2, which brought in an estimated $1.75 million on Thursday evening from over 2,400 theaters, $250,000 more than Now You See Me took in before opening with $29.35 million. A recent comparison saw 10 Cloverfield Lane bring in $1.8 million on Thursday before opening with $24.7 million, which would put Now You See Me 2 right on track to match projections.
Warcraft jumped off to a strong start on Thursday evening, hauling in $3.1 million in late night shows in 2,632 theaters, which began at 7:00 PM. It's a number that immediately causes some second guessing based on early estimates as San Andreas brought in the same amount on Thursday evening last May and opened with $54.5 million. Also, Pacific Rim brought in $3.6 million in July of 2013 and opened with $37.2 million. Of course, given the buzz, a better comparison may actually be last year's Fantastic Four, which brought in $2.7 million from Thursday showings, ultimately opening with $25.6 million. The big question is whether this is a sign of things to come or just hardcore fans showing up to see the film the first chance they get. Friday estimates tomorrow morning will flesh the story out much more.
The weekend preview follows...
Weekend Preview: This weekend offers up the 16th and 17th wide release sequels of 2016 in the form of The Conjuring 2 and Now You See Me 2. Meanwhile Warcraft delivers the year's third video game adaptation with one more on the way. Expectation is for the three films to finish "one, two, three" respectively at this weekend's box office with the Conjuring and Now You See Me sequels hoping to deliver better results than recent 2016 sequels have been able to muster when compared to their original releases. Warcraft, however, is looking like it's mostly going to be an international play for Universal and the film's financiers as it has now topped $168 million from overseas markets, including record numbers in China, while eyeing a lackluster domestic debut.
At the top of this weekend's box office will be the sequel to James Wan's 2013 supernatural, "based on a true story" thriller, The Conjuring. Upon its release, the film scored well with critics (86% on RottenTomatoes) and, in its opening weekend, brought in $41.8 million on its way to an impressive, 3.28 multiplier and $137.4 million domestic run. Three years later, The Conjuring 2 arrives with a blockbuster advertising campaign and solid reviews so far (currently 70% on RottenTomatoes), though don't expect it to improve on the original.
Budgeted at a reported $40 million and opening in 3,343 theaters, expectation is for the film to open somewhere at or above $35 million. Mojo is forecasting a slightly higher result after looking at IMDb traffic data, which places it right around where Annabelle (among other comparable titles) was at the same point in the release cycle before going on to open with $37.1 million. The Conjuring 2 also has the benefit of being the widest horror release of the year so far, all of which should help contribute to a solid opening and, if it can match the original's "A-" CinemaScore, it could be looking at a healthy domestic run that could crack as much as $90 million.
Lionsgate and Summit's Now You See Me 2 is looking at a second place finish. The 2013 original delivered a $29.3 million opening and a $117.7 million domestic haul on a $75 million budget, and while critics were somewhat harsh on Now You See Me (49% on RottenTomatoes) the audience came to the table with a different opinion. 70% of the RottenTomatoes audience said they liked it and it currently holds a 7.3 audience rating on IMDb. That said, does the current 36% RottenTomatoes rating for the sequel really mean all that much?
The studio added a reported $15-25 million to the sequel's budget and Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe was added to the cast, which lost Isla Fisher from the original, but gained Lizzy Caplan. Industry expectations peg the opening around $22-23 million, but don't be too surprised if this one goes a bit higher, perhaps anywhere from $25-27 million.
The most interesting title this weekend is Universal's Warcraft. Budgeted at a reported $160 million and currently carrying a 21% RottenTomatoes rating, one would expect the anticipated $22-25 million domestic opening weekends for the video game adaptation to be a sign of doom and gloom, and while it's nothing to celebrate, the film's performance internationally so far is quite impressive. In China, Warcraft has already amassed a record $90+ million bringing the international gross-to-date to $168.8 million. The film is also performing well in Russia, France and Germany with openings in 20 more territories this weekend, including Korea. Also helping ease the pocket books is the fact the film was funded by a myriad of investors.
As for that domestic release, industry expectations seem about right, but there is no way to accurately nail this one down as unaccounted for fans of the Warcraft franchise of games could show up in support of the film. Though, if Mojo's informal Twitter poll is any indication, that isn't likely to happen.
Fourth and fifth place on this weekend's chart could be interesting as Me Before You carries an "A" CinemaScore into the weekend after a stellar, $18.7 million opening last weekend and solid Monday-Wednesday dailies. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows should take the fourth position with anywhere from $15-16 million while X-Men: Apocalypse and Me Before You could be in a battle for fifth position with Me Before You expected to edge out the mutants.
All-in-all, it's looking as if seven of the weekend's top twelve films will be sequels, which should total somewhere around $143 million. That's well below the same weekend last year, though that weekend did include the $208.8 million opening for Jurassic World, which is more than all the films in release will total this weekend.
In limited release, Reliance will debut Te3n into 105 theaters, Roadside is releasing Genius into 16 theaters and Focus World will release Puerto Ricans in Paris into 41 theaters. Meanwhile, Sony Classics is expanding the release of Maggie's Plan into 311 theaters (+277).
This weekend's forecast is directly below. This post will be updated on Friday morning with Thursday night preview results followed by Friday estimates on Saturday morning, and a complete weekend recap on Sunday morning.
The Conjuring 2 (3,343 theaters) - $36.27 M
(3,343 theaters) - $36.27 M Now You See Me 2 (3,232 theaters) - $24.01 M
(3,232 theaters) - $24.01 M Warcraft (3,400 theaters) - $20.01 M
(3,400 theaters) - $20.01 M Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows (4,071 theaters) - $15.18 M
(4,071 theaters) - $15.18 M Me Before You (2,762 theaters) - $12.06 M
(2,762 theaters) - $12.06 M X-Men: Apocalypse (3,585 theaters) - $11.41 M
(3,585 theaters) - $11.41 M Alice Through the Looking Glass (2,898 theaters) - $6.11 M
(2,898 theaters) - $6.11 M The Angry Birds Movie (3,083 theaters) - $5.49 M
(3,083 theaters) - $5.49 M Captain America: Civil War (2,101 theaters) - $4.07 M
(2,101 theaters) - $4.07 M The Jungle Book (1,496 theaters) - $2.67 M
Discuss this story with fellow Box Office Mojo fans on Facebook. On Twitter, follow us at @boxofficemojo and author Brad Brevet at @bradbrevet.
But that was then.
Now a sophomore, Foo has moved to center for the Dutchmen, who open ECAC Hockey action this weekend with a home-and-home series against Capital District rival RPI. Union (2-1-3) hosts RPI (1-4-0) on Friday before going to the Houston Field House on Saturday.The position change came about after Union graduated two of its centers following last season, Mark Bennett and Max Novak. The departures left the Dutchmen a little short at center, and head coach Rick Bennett thought Foo was a good candidate to move into the role.“We felt like we wanted to have some depth down the middle, and having Spencer there really helps us,” Bennett said before Wednesday's practice at Messa Rink. “He's a bigger body, he's good on faceoffs, and he's kind of the prototypical center that you like. He's done a nice job so far.”Bennett added the move was a challenge Foo was ready for in the second year of his college career.“It's kind of the progression Jeremy Welsh went through his freshman year [before moving] to center,” Bennett said of the former Union star. "We require so much from our centers. Sometimes you come in as a freshman and it takes a year to grasp.”Foo isn't a total newcomer to the position. He played it during his junior hockey career with the Alberta Junior Hockey League's Bonnyville Pontiacs and at the midget level. But it brings a different set of responsibilities than what he had as a right wing last season.“When you're a winger, you're mostly just on your point man in the defensive zone. You have to worry about him blocking shots a lot,” said Foo, who is tied for third on the team in scoring with two goals and an assist. “Once you transition to center, it's a little different in the ‘D zone. It's a little bit more work. But once you get it down, it's not too bad.”With the move to center, Foo has already taken more faceoffs than he took all of last season. He said it's an area that gets worked on a couple times a week after practice with first-year volunteer assistant coach Kris Horn.The efforts have paid off for Foo. His .580 winning percentage on draws ranks second on the team, a few ticks behind Mike Vecchione's .632 mark. His 47 faceoff wins are third on the team, trailing just Vecchione (98) and Ryan Scarfo (53).“He's been fantastic at center,” said Vecchione, one of Union's co-captains and a fellow center. “He's been winning his draws, and he's one of our best players out there. He's creating a lot of ice for himself, winning the one-on-one battles, giving the bench energy, and doing all the little things right. He's really taken the challenge of center and has done a great job at it."Foo has played all six games at center so far this season. It's a spot Bennett says has the potential to become his long-term home.“It's where I think he wants to play,” Bennett said. “When someone wants to play there, it's good for the overall team, and it's good for the player's psyche.”
Any emergency physician will tell you that drinking alcohol rarely yields anything valuable, but to hear Mike Cadogan, MD, tell it, a pint of foamy Guinness led to one of emergency medicine's best ideas.
It was at a pub in Dublin — where else? — before his lecture at the 2012 International Conference on Emergency Medicine that he coined a new term — FOAM, or Free Open Access Meducation. The idea, as he explains it, was to “define the concept of harnessing the combination of altruistic practitioners with rapidly evolving technology in the setting of increasingly accessible broadband resources to create a network of Free Open Access Medical Education Resources.”
Don't be put off by his erudite explanation; simply put, FOAM is a new way of sharing free medical education resources. It's blog posts, podcasts, and online videos. It's Facebook groups and Twitter feeds, Tumblr and Google Hangouts. You can even buy a FOAM T-shirt or mouse pad on zazzle.com.
No one's officially in charge; FOAM isn't accredited or peer-reviewed, at least not in the traditional sense. “It is merely managed, populated, and curated by the people involved in the conversation,” explained Dr. Cadogan, a consulting emergency physician at Sir Charles Gairdner Hospital in the suburbs of Perth, Australia. “It is a way of sharing education resources — new blogs, vodcasts, programs, etc.,” he said. “It is a way of asking questions pertinent to medical education, research, best practices, and guidelines. It is a way of bringing the global medical community together.”
So back to that pint of Guinness in the Dublin pub. Dr. Cadogan was preparing to deliver a talk on the importance of social media at ICEM, and realized in despair that most physicians saw social media as an unimportant time-waster.
“So, with a bunch of half-prepared slides, a feeling of impending doom, and a wallet full of cash, I headed to the local pub where I explained my plight to some sympathetic souls,” he recalled. “It was decided that a new phrase or term was required to best encapsulate the concept of open access medical education resources. The term had to imply free or low cost to the user, creative commons noncommercial ownership of the media, and have the words medical education somewhere within. Staring through the bottom of a half-finished pint of Guinness provided the inspiration, and the term FOAM was born.”
If you're over 40, you're probably wondering just how something like Twitter — with its 140-character limit — can possibly be a medical education tool. “I had the same first impression: this is crap,” admitted Chris Nickson, MD, an emergency physician now completing an intensive care fellowship at the Royal Darwin Hospital in northern Australia. “But it's a matter of how you use it. Using Twitter hashtags is a very effective way to build up a filter for all of the information coming in about new concepts in emergency medicine and critical care. It's also really taken off with conferences, enabling people on the other side of the world to follow the events live using a hashtag. You stick a label like #FOAMed onto a Twitter post, and it enables others to connect to that conversation.”
Where does FOAM live? All over the Internet, but the current hotbed of FOAM info is the Life in the Fast Lane blog run by Drs. Cadogan and Nickson. (See FastLinks.) With a like-minded team of fellow emergency and critical care specialists, they have curated a vast array of online resources within LITFL's free databases and recommended resources.
Every few days, they post a new set of online emergency medical education tools and resources, including The LITFL Review, “your reliable source for the highest highlights and loudest shout-outs from the #FOAMed world of emergency medicine and critical care.”
The most recent LITFL Review pointed users to the Intensive Care Network and a discussion of stress ulcers and VTE prophylaxis, a case discussion on managing refractory-hypotensive patients at EMCrit.org, and educational pearls from the University of Maryland Department of Emergency Medicine's Facebook page. (See FastLinks.)
FOAM devotees, including recognized experts from more traditional spheres, will come together in the “real world” at the first-ever Social Media and Critical Care conference to be held in Sydney in March. The sessions — on everything from practical emergency medicine concepts such as fluid resuscitation and ultrasound algorithms, to clinical simulations, creating medical apps, and the future of medical education — will be tweeted, podcasted, and webinared. “It's fully social media enabled,” Dr. Nickson said. “About one-third of each session will be discussion-based, and we'll be feeding in questions from Twitter followers.”
There is, of course, the not-so-small matter of things like accreditation and CME credits. How does FOAM “count” if you can't get credit for it? “That's an obvious problem. This is not how universities and CME programs traditionally work,” Dr. Nickson said. “But FOAM is attracting independent learners who are taking responsibility for their own education. There's so much stuff out there, though, that it's transitioning into more established ways of learning.”The Australasian College for Emergency Medicine, for example, is currently reviewing its curriculum and looking at ways of incorporating Twitter and other social media learning resources.
Dr. Cadogan is also developing the Global Medical Education Project, which aims to end some of the angst over which resources are reliable, which platform is best, and how to get social media content in medical education to the widest audience. (See FastLinks.)
“GMEP aims to use the applications interfaces of Google, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo, and closed professional networks to provide a safe reliable place to interact,” he explained. “No longer will you need multiple platform passwords, identities, and smartphone apps to be involved in the conversation. No longer will you have to worry about which platform is best and how to get your content to the right audience without shocking 90 percent of your nonmedical Facebook friends with a graphic image of an open ankle fracture dislocation over breakfast. We're building an asynchronous learning platform which allows the free sharing of high-quality media, and lets users add value by creating questions and adding comments.”
Despite this respectable approach, FOAM in many ways is still as free and wild as the current methods of continuing medical education are buttoned-up and traditional. That's the strength of FOAM and its weakness, but if ardent proponents like Dr. Cadogan can guide it through its infancy and adolescence, FOAM may well be the future of medical education.
Click and Connect! Access the links in EMN by reading this issue on our website or in our iPad app, both available on www.EM-News.com.
FastLinks
Keep up with FOAM on Twitter by searching for the hashtag #FOAMed.
Visit Drs. Cadogan and Nickson's blog at http://lifeinthefastlane.com http://lifeinthefastlane.com/foam/
Watch Dr. Cadogan's ICEM lecture at http://vimeo.com/45453131
Read posts on the Intensive Care Network at www.intensivecarenetwork.com
Visit Dr. Scott Weingart's blog at www.EMCrit.org
Like the University of Maryland Department of Emergency Medicine's Facebook page at www.facebook.com/UMEmergencyMed
Visit the Global Medical Education Project at www.gmep.org
Like EMN on Facebook at www.facebook.com/emnewsmagazine www.twitter.com/emnews
© 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Article Outline FastLinks
Source Breaking News: Don't Call It Social Media: FOAM and the Future of Medical Education Emergency Medicine News35(2):1,30, February 2013.
Email to a Friend Friend's E-mail is Invalid Your Name: (optional) Your Email: Friend's Email: Message: Thought you might appreciate this item(s) I saw at Emergency Medicine News. Send a copy to your email
Your message has been successfully sent to your friend.
Some error has occurred while processing your request. Please try after some time.
Add Item(s) to: An Existing Folder A New Folder Folder Name: Description: The item(s) has been successfully added to " ".
Related Articles
A bill being prepared by the French government could set a minimum legal age for sexual consent for the first time, and the country's justice minister said Monday that she thinks 13 years old could be a reasonable age.
Justice Minister Nicole Belloubet told France's RTL radio network that age 13 was a "limit that is worth considering" for the upcoming legislation, but noted that judges should also have the ability to assess whether someone was old enough to give consent in individual situations.
"The question of the age below which the minor's consent is presumed not to exist is crucial, because there are obviously extremely shocking and unacceptable situations," Belloubet said.
Story continues below advertisement
It's difficult talking to my kids about sex and consent, but it's my job as a parent
One of her colleagues in the French government has said that a minimum age for sexual consent has not been set for the bill. Marlene Schiappa, a junior minister for gender equality, said Sunday that the cutoff could be between the ages of 13 and 15.
"Below a certain age, it is considered that there can be no debate on the sexual consent of a child, and that any child below a certain age would automatically be considered to be raped or sexually assaulted," Schiappa said on BFM TV.
Two recent court cases have heightened the debate over who is old enough to consent to sex under French law.
A jury last week acquitted a 30-year-old man who was accused of raping an 11-year-old girl in 2009, French media reported. The jury in the Paris suburb region of Seine-et-Marne found that while there had been a sexual relationship between the girl and the man, it did not constitute rape according to the legal definition of the crime in France.
The girl's parents reportedly found out about what had happened when their daughter became pregnant.
French media also have reported that the prosecutor's office in the city of Pontoise near Paris decided in September that a 28-year-old man suspected of having sex with an 11-year-old girl should be tried for sexual abuse instead of rape because of how French law defines rape.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
French law defines rape as any act of sexual penetration committed on others "by violence, coercion, threat or surprise." The definition does not distinguish between adults and minors for either the victims or perpetrators, although the potential criminal penalty is higher when victims are under 15.
A minimum age of sexual consent does not currently exist in French law. The law only says that an adult who performs a sexual act with a person under the age of 15 "without violence, coercion, threat or surprise" can be prosecuted for "sexual abuse," not rape.
In both of the recent cases, investigators reportedly found that the sexual relationships did not involve surprise, threat, coercion or violence.
Sexual abuse without coercion is an offence punishable of a maximum sentence of five years in prison. A rape conviction carries a maximum prison sentence of 15 years, or 20 years when the victim is under 15 years old.
Earlier Monday, French police said they have seen a rise in reports of sexual violence and harassment amid the growing global fallout from the accusations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein.
An official with the French national gendarme service said it had registered 30 per cent more complaints this year so far than last year, notably in October. The official wasn't authorized to be publicly named.
Story continues below advertisement
The gendarme service oversees security outside urban areas. Figures for cities weren't immediately available, but the gendarme data come as French women are increasingly speaking out online about past sexual abuse following U.S. revelations.
Bacteriologists have carried out extensive research recently into the population of bacteria on the skin (the microbiome) and the findings have implications for health and disease. Now it is the turn of virologists and the findings in relation to the so-called virome are interesting, not least for the complexity of viruses found on the skin's surface.
A new study, from Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, suggests that a high proportion of DNA viruses on human skin are viral “dark matter”; this is because they have not been previously described.
To study the skin virome, researchers took swabs of the skin and studied the collected material for virus-like particles (VLPs) using genetic sequencing and analysis.
The analysis showed the most common skin virus to be human papilloma virus, which is linked with warts and has been associated with some forms of skin cancers. The majority of viruses, however, did not appear in any taxonomic database and had not been previously described. Many of these were types of bacteriophages (viruses that interact with bacteria). This could be significant given that further analysis of common skin bacteria showed unknown types of viral DNA inside the bacterial cells.
Multiple body sites were sampled. The area with greater virus diversity was the crook of the arm.
Knowing more about the viruses is important because some will affect skin cells and others will have an influential effect on resident skin bacteria. For instance, bacteriophages could make some skin bacteria resistant to antibiotics by conferring resistance through the transfer of genetic material.
The new findings will be the first of future investigations looking at interactions between skin viruses and human health. The new study provides a benchmark upon which future investigations can be based.
The research has been reported to the journal mBio and the paper is titled “The Human Skin Double-Stranded DNA Virome: Topographical and Temporal Diversity, Genetic Enrichment, and Dynamic Associations with the Host Microbiome.”
[JURIST] Three former detainees filed a lawsuit [complaint] Monday against the City of Chicago [official website] and a number of Chicago police officers for alleged abuse at an “off the books” detention center. The lawsuit alleges abuses at the Homan Center including: being denied food, water and access to a bathroom and being handcuffed in a dark room. One individual also claims that an officer held a knife to his throat. The officers allegedly were interviewing the detainees about illegal guns and drugs and used racial slurs during this process. The lawsuit further alleges that officers falsified evidence and made bogus charges against the detainees. The suit is currently seeking an unspecified amount of damages for the actions of the police officers.
Claims of police abuse continue to generate controversy throughout the US. In September a Ferguson, Missouri, reform panel released a report calling for the consolidation of police departments [JURIST report] and municipal courts. Also last month month Baltimore City Circuit Judge Barry Williams rejected motions [JURIST report] to drop charges against six police officers implicated in the case of Freddie Gray, a black man who was injured in police custody and later died in April. In August the Chicago Police Department decided [JURIST report] to allow independent evaluations of their stop-and-frisk procedures that many have said specifically target African Americans under an agreement with the American Civil Liberties Union. In August of last year New York City formally dropped [JURIST report] the city's appeal of rulings in lawsuits involving the New York Police Department's (NYPD) use of stop-and-frisk tactics. Mayor Bill De Blasio's administration agreed to end the lawsuit against the NYPD after reaching a settlement requiring three years of NYPD oversight by a court-appointed monitor.
As the offseason officially arrives for Doug Whaley, Rex Ryan, and the rest of the Buffalo Bills personnel department, it's decision-making time. Although the Bills have largely avoided major contract blunders (namely, overpaying for free agent busts Andy Levitre and Jairus Byrd) in the post- Ryan Fitzpatrick era, there are still major contractual areas in which the Bills lag behind the league's elite.
The first such area I will discuss is the Bills' failure to first identify, and then catch up with, the practices of the more sophisticated teams in the league regarding roster bonuses.
Entering 2015, the Bills have 15 players on their roster with non-minimum salary, veteran contracts (via Spotrac.com). Of those 15 players, 13 have roster bonuses of varying amounts included in their contracts. Although information as to timing of payments is sometimes lacking, based on past reported information (i.e., Stevie Johnson, who was ignominiously paid $1.75 million on March 15, 2014, before being traded a few months later) and ESPN reports on the recently signed Chris Williams (link) and Corey Graham (link) contracts, I feel comfortable assuming that most, if not all, of these bonus payments will occur at or near the beginning of the 2015 NFL league year this coming March.
Operating under this assumption, for 2015, if all 15 players remain on the roster through March, the Bills will have paid out $5.3 million to the following players:
Although some of those numbers seem to be overly large (Lawson really jumped out at me), this post is not about the players or amounts; rather, it's about the timing and lump sum nature of the roster bonuses Bills cap guy Jim Overdorf so willingly distributes.
The first flaw in Overdorf's current structure should be relatively obvious. These payments are made in March, after only a few days of free agency and before many of the true roster-building free agent moves can be made. The 2015 NFL Draft and the influx of young, cheap talent it brings to a team is not until late April or early May.
The Bills need to upgrade the tight end position. Whether this is done via free agency or the draft, it may occur at the expense of Chandler and his 2015 total salary of $2,250,000 (Chandler's cap number is $2,850,000, but if he is cut prior to the paying of the March bonus, the Bills will receive a net of $2,250,000 in cap savings). The timing of Chandler's roster bonus forces the Bills' hand. Despite being only $250,000, the timing of that payment forces the Bills to (most likely) pay Chandler before they will have fully had the opportunity to upgrade at a position that perennially underwhelms.
If Lawson's contract is examined, another implication of the problem with early-paid bonuses is demonstrated. While Lawson was generally effective in Mike Pettine's system, he was much less so this past season and may be losing some of his once-exceptional athleticism now that he's 30. Despite those question marks, the Bills will be forced to pay Lawson $500,000 in March, well before a fully-informed decision can be made as to whether he will have (or should have) a role large enough to justify his 2015 total salary of $2,350,000 (Lawson's cap number is $3.1 million, and cutting him before paying the roster bonus would cost the Bills $1.5 million, thus creating $1.6 million in net cap savings).
The accelerated decisions that need to be made - caused by the Bills' current roster bonus practice - is reason alone to change it, but a quick look at how the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots operate shows just how far behind the Bills truly are.
Almost all of the Patriots' non-minimum salary veteran players have contracts which include roster bonuses, like the Bills. Unlike the Bills, all of those players (except for Tom Brady) have all or some of their roster bonuses tied to that player actually playing, as the Patriots almost exclusively use per-game roster bonuses. Some notable players whose contracts include (or included, in the case of Darrelle Revis) per-game bonuses are:
Oft-injured linebacker Jerod Mayo has a per-game roster bonus of $500,000 in his contract that is paid out on a per-game basis for each game that Mayo is a member of the active roster. In 2014, like 2013, Mayo was only able to play in six games. Thus, Mayo was only paid $187,500 (or $31,250, per game) of the $500,000 bonus in 2014. In 2015, if Mayo is able to play in all 16 games, he will earn $500,000. But if he is once again placed on the Injured Reserve, his pay will be reduced.
Returning to the Bills, if oft-injured cornerback McKelvin's $1 million 2014 roster bonus had been structured as being paid per-game, when McKelvin missed the last six games with an ankle injury, the Bills would have saved $375,000. I would guess the Bills would have gladly paid $375,000 in return for an additional six games of service from McKelvin - but, as injuries are inevitable in football, doing what is structurally available to mitigate a team's contractual risk should also be obvious.
Hopefully under new owners Kim and Terry Pegula, the Bills will move closer toward the front of the pack in contract - and specifically, roster bonus - structure. The willingness to be creative and possibly pay a bit more for the insurance and flexibility that comes from per-game roster bonuses is a must. As the Bills continue to clearly trail the Patriots on the field, any steps that can be made to close the gap behind the scenes should be deemed absolutely necessary.
The Secret Service will enlarge the security perimeter along the south end of the White House starting Wednesday after two intruder events last month.
Beginning at 11 p.m. on Wednesday, pedestrians will be barred from the sidewalk bordering the South Lawn of the complex, the Secret Service said in a statement.
The new restricted area will now include the sidewalks, roadways and parkland areas between the south fence line of the White House and E Street, NW, from West Executive Avenue to East Executive Avenue, and move crowds back to the north edge of the nearby Ellipse park.
"The Secret Service must continually evaluate security protocols and continually balance the security of our protected persons and facilities with the public's ability to access them," Secret Service Communications Director Cathy Milhoan said.
The restrictions in the area have already been in place nightly from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m. since 2015, according to the agency. There will be no new "physical" barriers installed as a result of the perimeter expansion.
"Restricting public access to the fence line will not only serve to lessen the possibility of individuals illegally accessing the White House grounds," Milhoan said "but will also create a clear visual break to enable Secret Service officers to identify and respond to potential hazards including individuals attempting to scale the fence."
The latest security change comes after two incidents in March, the first involving a man carrying a backpack who jumped an outer-perimeter fence on the complex's southeast side and spent 17 minutes on White House grounds while President Donald Trump was inside.
Less than a week later, a woman was arrested after she got her shoelaces tangled after trying to jump the White House fence.
The Secret Service in recent years has gone through a series of embarrassing security lapses, including a 2014 incident in which a man jumped the White House fence with a small pocket knife and got inside the front door before being apprehended.
Shortly after the American College of Education (ACE) in Indiana fired IT administrator Triano Williams in April, 2016, it found that it no longer had any employees with admin access to the Google email service used by the school.
In a lawsuit [PDF] filed against Williams in July, 2016, the school alleges that it asked Williams to return his work laptop, which was supposed to have the password saved. But when Williams did so in May that year, the complaint says, the computer was returned wiped, with a new operating system, and damaged to the point it could no longer be used.
ACE claimed that its students could not access their Google-hosted ACE email accounts or their online coursework.
The school appealed to Google, but Google at the time refused to help because the ACE administrator account had been linked to William's personal email address.
"By setting up the administrator account under a non-ACE work email address, Mr Williams violated ACE's standard protocol with respect to administrator accounts," the school's complaint states. "ACE was unaware that Mr Williams' administrator account was not linked to his work address until after his employment ended."
According to the school's court filing, Williams, through his attorney, said he would help the school reinstate its Google administrator account, provided the school paid $200,000 to settle his dispute over the termination of his employment.
That amount is less than half the estimated $500,000 in harm the school says it has suffered due to its inability to access its Google account, according to a letter from William's attorney in Illinois, Calvita J Frederick.
Frederick's letter claims that another employee set up the Google account and made Williams an administrator, but not the controlling administrator. It says the school locked itself out of the admin account through too many failed password attempts.
Williams, in a counter-suit [PDF] filed last month, claims his termination followed from a pattern of unlawful discrimination by the school in the wake of a change in management.
In a phone interview with The Register, Frederick said she filed a federal lawsuit in Illinois against the school, which has yet to respond. "We would hope that the [school's] action in Indianapolis would be viewed as retaliation, which we believe it was, and that judgement would be vacated and we would prevail in the discrimination claim."
Pointing to the complaint she filed with the court in Illinois, Frederick said Williams wrote a letter [PDF] to a supervisor complaining about the poor race relations at the school and, as a result of that letter, he was told he had to relocate to Indianapolis. "That's how the whole thing started," she said. "His working remotely has always been a condition of his employment."
The school, she said, knew he could not do that because of parental obligations requiring him to remain in Illinois.
'Sad situation'
Frederick said the school has been subject to several discrimination claims over the past two years. "It's a sad situation," she said.
The complaint filed by Williams alleges he, as an African American, was paid less than workers of other racial or ethnic backgrounds.
"Rather than support Williams in his position of IT Systems Administrator, Defendants intentionally discriminated against Williams by refusing to allow Williams to participate in work-related training; paying Williams less than his co-workers, subjecting Williams to unwarranted scrutiny, refusing to promote Williams to management – all the while requiring him to perform the job of manager – holding secret meetings so as to hide the promotion of others from Williams, making it uncomfortable, humiliating and almost impossible for Williams to do the job he was assigned to do," Williams' complaint says.
It further alleges that Williams' objections to unfair treatment brought retaliation, like the requirement that he track all his duties and time in 15 minute increments, something only one other employee, another African American, was required to do.
Williams, according to court documents, resides in Illinois due to a joint parenting agreement and had for years been allowed to work remotely under his contract with ACE. The school's actions against him, his complaint suggests, are retaliatory.
In September, the Marion County Superior Court judge hearing the school's case in Indiana issued a default judgement of almost $250,000 after Williams did not appear in court, according to the Indianapolis Star.
Frederick said she could not immediately confirm the details of the judgement in Indiana. ACE's attorneys were not immediately available to address the issue.
Williams' complaint claims he cannot afford to represent himself in Indiana and has been unable to obtain legal representation there.
In an emailed statement, Melissa Markovsky, senior director of communications and marketing for ACE, said the school has a policy of not commenting on pending legal issues.
"As this case is moving through the court system, we are not able to discuss the lawsuit at this time," she said. "What we can affirm is that we have taken steps to ensure that our information technology policies are more effectively implemented moving forward in order to mitigate a future circumstance similar to this incident."
Google has returned control of the account to ACE, according to Markovsky. ®
A Republican House member is introducing legislation to increase the federal gas tax by 10 cents-per-gallon to help pay for transportation projects across the nation.
The measure, sponsored by Rep. Tom Rice Hugh (Tom) Thompson Rice7 law enforcement officers shot in South Carolina How Washington can tackle hearing loss related to diabetes Overnight Finance: Congress races to finish .2T funding bill | What to look for in omnibus | AT&T merger trial kicks off | Stocks fall on tech troubles | Trump targets Venezuelan cryptocurrency | Record SEC whistleblower payout MORE (R-S.C.), would offset the gas tax increase with a $133 income tax credit that would be offered to drivers to minimize the impact of higher prices at the pump.
Rice said in an interview with The Hill that his measure would not cost extra money but would give states "certainty" about the availability of federal transportation funding as a July 31 deadline for the expiration of the current spending bill looms.
ADVERTISEMENT
"We have enough revenue already," he said. "Our measure moves money from the general fund into the Highway Trust Fund. It would raise the gas tax by about 10 cents-per-gallon, which would cost the average driver about $130 per year. It would be offset by a $133 income tax credit, so it's revenue-neutral."Congress has been grappling since 2005 with a transportation funding shortfall that is estimated to be about $16 billion per year, and it has not passed a transportation bill that lasts longer than two years in that span.The 18.4 cent-per-gallon federal gas tax has been the main source of transportation funding for decades, but it has not been increased since 1993, and more fuel-efficient cars have sapped its buying power.The federal government typically spends about $50 billion per year on transportation projects, but the gas tax only brings in approximately $34 billion annually.The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office has estimated it will take about $100 billion , in addition to the gas tax revenue, to pay for a six-year transportation funding bill.Transportation advocates are pushing for a gas tax increase to pay for a long-term transportation bill, but Republican leaders in Congress have ruled out a tax hike Rice said his measure would index the gas tax to inflation after the initial 10-cent increase is put in place to prevent future standoffs about transportation funding in Congress."I hope we don't have to have any more short-term extensions," he said. "I think it's very harmful to our country. Infrastructure is vital to our economy and it's vital to our competiveness."Rice's bill would result in drivers paying 28.4 cents per gallon on gas purchases, in addition to state fuel taxes, to help pay for infrastructure improvements.The Department of Transportation has said its Highway Trust Fund will run out of money at the end of this month if Congress does not come to an agreement on an extension in the next couple of weeks.Lawmakers have turned to other areas of the federal budget to close the transportation funding gap in recent years, resulting in temporary fixes, such as a two-month patch approved by lawmakers in May that is set to expire on July 31.
A $275 billion bill, known as the DRIVE Act, has been introduced in the Senate, but lawmakers in the upper chamber have not revealed how they would pay for the measure. The House has been largely silent on the transportation funding deadline, beyond GOP leaders such as House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) ruling out a gas tax hike.
If lawmakers cannot come up with a way to pay for a long-term transportation bill by the end of July, they will likely have to settle for another short-term patch.
A small language
The input language for the desugarer is a small Scheme-like language.
It contains top-level forms, let-binding, recursion, quasiquotation and complex conditionals:
<prog> ::= <top>* <top> ::= <def> | <exp> <def> ::= (define (<var> <var>*) <body>) | (define <var> <exp>) <exp> ::= <var> | <literal> | <prim> | (lambda (<var>*) <body>) | (let ((<var> <exp>)*) <body>) | (letrec ((<var> <exp>)*) <body>) | (cond (<exp> <exp>)* [(else <exp>)]) | (and <exp>*) | (or <exp>*) | (if <exp> <exp> [ <exp> ]) | (set! <var> <exp>) | (begin <body>) | (quote <s-exp>) | (quasiquote <qq-exp 1>) <qq-exp 0> ::= <exp> <qq-exp n> ::= <symbol> | <literal> | <qq-exp n>* | (quasiquote <qq-exp n+1>) | (unquote <qq-exp n-1>) | (unquote-splicing <qq-exp n-1>) <body> ::= <top>* <exp>
Quotation and quasiquotation have special alternate syntactic forms:
'e == (quote e) `e == (quasiquote e) ,e == (unquote e) ,@e == (unquote-splicing e)
A core language
The output of the desugarer targets a smaller language:
<prog> ::= <def>* <exp>* <def> ::= (define <var> <exp>) <exp> ::= <var> | <literal> | <prim> | (quote <literal>) | (lambda (<var>*) <exp>) | (set! <var> <exp>) | (if <exp> <exp> <exp>) | (begin <exp>*) | (<exp> <exp>*)
Downstream passes will be much simpler.
Writing a tree-transformer
The structure of the input language guides the creation of a tree transformer.
That is, for each kind of term, there is a corresponding function that accepts (and desugars) that kind of term:
(define (desugar-program prog) ...) (define (desugar-define def) ...) (define (desugar-exp exp) ...) (define (desugar-body body) ...) (define (desugar-quote s-exp) ...) (define (desugar-qq n qq-exp) ...)
Desugaring the program
At the top level, the desugarer must convert programs of the form:
<prog> ::= <top>* <top> ::= <def> | <exp> <def> ::= (define (<var> <var>*) <body>) | (define <var> <exp>)
into programs of the form:
<prog> ::= <def>* <exp>* <def> ::= (define <var> <exp>)
For uniformity, at first, it will convert all top-level forms into defines with:
; tops-to-defs : top list -> def list (define (tops-to-defs tops) (define (top-to-def top) (match top [`(define (,f ,params ...) . ,body) `(define ,f (λ ,params . ,body))] [`(define ,v ,exp) `(define ,v ,exp)] [exp `(define ,(gensym '_) ,exp)])) (map top-to-def tops))
Next, it will desugar expressions within defines, using:
; desugar-define : define-term -> exp (define (desugar-define def) (match def [`(define ,v ,exp) `(define ,v ,(desugar-exp exp))] [else (error (format "cannot desugar: ~s~n" def))]))
Finally, it will partition the list of defines into those that define simple, atomic expressions and those that define complex expressions.
Those that define simple, atomic expressions will be left as is, while those that define complex expressions will have their bodies moved down below as set! s.
That is, if we have:
(define (area x) (* pi 2 x x)) (define pi 3.14) (display (area 10))
Then, it becomes:
(define area (void)) (define pi 3.14) (define $t1 (void)) (set! area (lambda (x) (* 2 pi x x))) (set! $t1 (display (area 10)))
Or, in code:
; desugar : program -> program (define (desugar-program prog) (set! prog (tops-to-defs prog)) (set! prog (map desugar-define prog)) (set! prog (partition-k atomic-define? prog (λ (atomic complex) (define bindings (for/list ([c complex]) (match c [`(define ,v ,complex) `(,v (void))]))) (define sets (for/list ([c complex]) (match c [`(define ,v ,complex) `(set! ,v ,complex)]))) (append atomic (list `(let ,bindings ,sets)))))) prog)
where:
; partition-k : ('a -> boolean) 'a list ; ('a list 'a list -> 'a list 'a list) (define (partition-k pred lst k) (if (not (pair? lst)) (k '() '()) (partition-k pred (cdr lst) (λ (in out) (if (pred (car lst)) (k (cons (car lst) in) out) (k in (cons (car lst) out))))))) ; atomic? : term -> boolean (define (atomic? exp) (match exp [`(λ . ,_) #t] [(? number?) #t] [(? string?) #t] [(? boolean?) #t] [`(quote . ,_) #t] ['(void) #t] [else #f])) ; atomic-define? : term -> boolean (define (atomic-define? def) (match def [`(define ,v ,exp) (atomic? exp)] [else #f]))
Desugaring expressions
When desugaring an expression, the transformer desugar-exp discriminates on the type of expression; at high level:
; desugar-exp : exp -> exp (define (desugar-exp exp) (match exp [(? symbol?) exp] [`(quote ,s-exp) (desugar-quote s-exp)] ; binding forms: [`(let ((,vs ,es) ...) . ,body) ...] [`(letrec ((,vs ,es) ...) . ,body) ...] [`(λ ,params . ,body) ...] ; conditionals: [`(cond) (void)] [`(cond (else ,exp)) ...] [`(cond (,test ,exp)) ...] [`(cond (,test ,exp) ,rest ...) ...] [`(and) #t] [`(or) #f] [`(or ,exp) ...] [`(and ,exp) ...] [`(or ,exp . ,rest) ...] [`(and ,exp . ,rest) ...] [`(if ,test ,exp) ...] [`(if ,test ,exp1 ,exp2) ...] ; mutation: [`(set! ,v ,exp) ...] ; quasiquotation: [`(quasiquote ,qq-exp) (desugar-qq 1 qq-exp)] ; begins: [`(begin . ,body) (desugar-body body)] ; atoms: [(? atomic?) exp] ; function calls: [`(,f . ,args) ...] [else (printf "desugar fail: ~s~n" exp) exp]))
The transformer that desugar expressions is guided by the grammar of the input language: a match (or group of matches) for each expression form.
The next few subsections fill in the complex ( ... ) cases in detail.
Desugaring let-binding forms
Let bindings desugar into application and lambda:
[`(let ((,vs ,es) ...) . ,body) `((λ ,vs ,(desugar-body body)) ,@(map desugar-exp es))]
so that:
(let ((v 30)) (+ v v))
would become:
((lambda (v) (+ v v)) 30)
Desugaring letrec
Recursive binding letrec forms desugar with a "lets+set!s" transform:
[`(letrec ((,vs ,es) ...) . ,body) (desugar-exp `(let ,(for/list ([v vs]) (list v '(void))) ,@(map (λ (v e) `(set! ,v ,e)) vs es) ,@body))]
so that:
(letrec ((f (lambda (x) (g x))) (g (lambda (x) (+ x 1)))) (f 20))
becomes:
(let ((f (void)) (g (void))) (set! f (lambda (x) (g x))) (set! g (lambda (x) (+ x 1))) (f 20))
Transforming lambda forms
For lambda terms, the transformer desugars the body:
[`(λ ,params . ,body) `(λ ,params ,(desugar-body body))]
Desugaring cond
To desugar cond, the transformer matches on all possible cases.
In the simplest case, it's an empty cond:
[`(cond) '(void)]
If it's a single else clause, the cond is degenerate:
[`(cond (else ,exp)) (desugar-exp exp)]
If it's a single testing clause, the cond becomes an if :
[`(cond (,test ,exp)) `(if ,(desugar-exp test) ,(desugar-exp exp) (void))]
Finally, if it's a cond with multiple clauses, the first clause becomes an if before desugaring the remaining clauses:
[`(cond (,test ,exp) ,rest ...) `(if ,(desugar-exp test) ,(desugar-exp exp) ,(desugar-exp `(cond . ,rest)))]
Desugaring and, or
The forms for and and or desugar as expected, but with care, so that the or is equivalent to its first true value and and is equivalent to the last true value.
Without operands, these forms simplify to constants:
[`(and) #t] [`(or) #f]
With single operands, they are both degenerate:
[`(or ,exp) (desugar-exp exp)] [`(and ,exp) (desugar-exp exp)]
With multiple operands, the or form must capture the first in a temporary:
[`(or ,exp . ,rest) (define $t (gensym 't)) (desugar-exp `(let ((,$t ,exp)) (if ,$t ,$t (or . ,rest))))] [`(and ,exp . ,rest) `(if ,(desugar-exp exp) ,(desugar-exp `(and . ,rest)) #f)]
Desugaring if
A one-armed if form becomes a two-armed if where the alternate is (void) :
[`(if ,test ,exp) `(if ,(desugar-exp test) ,(desugar-exp exp) (void))]
For regular if forms, it merely passes on the desugaring transformation to all of its sub-expressions:
[`(if ,test ,exp1 ,exp2) `(if ,(desugar-exp test) ,(desugar-exp exp1) ,(desugar-exp exp2))]
Transforming set!
As with if , set! forwards on the transformation:
[`(set! ,v ,exp) `(set! ,v ,(desugar-exp exp))]
Transforming function call
Finally, the transformation over function call transforms the function and all of its arguments:
[`(,f . ,args) `(,(desugar-exp f) ,@(map desugar-exp args))]
Desugaring bodies
To desugar, the body there are three cases:
the body is a single expression, in which case the body form is degenerate; the body is a sequence of expressions, in which case it is a simple begin ; the body contains definitions, in which case it desugars to letrec :
(define (desugar-body body) (match body [`(,exp) (desugar-exp exp)] [`(,(and (? not-define?) exps) ...) `(begin ,@(map desugar-exp exps))] [`(,tops ... ,exp) (define defs (tops-to-defs tops)) (desugar-exp (match defs [`((define ,vs ,es) ...) `(letrec ,(map list vs es) ,exp)]))]))
Desugaring quotes
Quotation desugars recursively according to a few rules:
'(a . b) => (cons 'a 'b) '() => (list) 'symbol => 'symbol 'atom => atom
As code:
; desugar-quote : sexp -> exp (define (desugar-quote s-exp) (cond [(pair? s-exp) `(cons ,(desugar-quote (car s-exp)) ,(desugar-quote (cdr s-exp)))] [(null? s-exp) ''()] [(number? s-exp) s-exp] [(string? s-exp) s-exp] [(boolean? s-exp) s-exp] [(symbol? s-exp) `(quote ,s-exp)] [else (error (format "strange value in quote: ~s~n" s-exp))]))
Desugaring quasiquotation
If all quasiquotation were level 1--no embedded quasiquotation--then its desugaring would also be described with simple rewrite rules:
`(a . b) => (cons `a `b) `() => (list) `symbol => 'symbol `atom => atom `,a => a `(,@a b) => (append a `b)
Since we allow embedded quasiquotation, the desugarer tracks quasiquotation depth that with a nesting counter:
; desugar-qq : qqexp -> exp (define (desugar-qq n qq-exp) (match qq-exp [(list 'unquote exp) (if (= n 1) (desugar-exp exp) (list 'list ''unquote (desugar-qq (- n 1) exp)))] [`(quasiquote ,qq-exp) `(list 'quasiquote ,(desugar-qq (+ n 1) qq-exp))] [(cons (list 'unquote-splicing exp) rest) (if (= n 1) `(append ,exp ,(desugar-qq n rest)) (cons (list 'unquote-splicing (desugar-qq (- n 1) exp)) (desugar-qq n rest)))] [`(,qq-exp1 . ,rest) `(cons ,(desugar-qq n qq-exp1) ,(desugar-qq n rest))] [else (desugar-quote qq-exp)]))
Going further
Could we continue desugaring?
Absolutely.
Eliminating let*
Although the input language did not contain let* , it is simple to desugar this into nested lets :
(let* ([v1 exp1] ... [vn expn]) body) => (let ([v1 exp1]) (let ([v2 exp2]) ... (let ([vn expn]) body) ...))
Eliminating begin
It's possible to desugar simple (begin <exp>*) forms into nested lets:
(begin exp 1 ... exp n ) => (let* ([$t1 exp 1 ] ... [$tn-1 exp n-1 ]) exp n )
where the $t variables are fresh temporaries.
Eliminating set!
Is it really possible to eliminate set! ?
It is possible, but through a global program transformation that threads a store throughout the program.
In general, however, we would not go this far.
The transformations thus far will not necessarily impact efficiency; a store-passing transformation obscures reasoning about the program and will likely cost efficiency for either interpretation or compilation.
How far can we go?
If we wanted to, we could desugar all the way to the simple lambda calculus:
<exp> ::= <var> | (λ (<var>) <exp>) | (<exp> <exp>)
Code
Racket code for this article is available: desugar.rkt.
Further reading
For serious implementers, Christian Quenniac's Lisp in Small Pieces is a great read and reference:
The classic MIT textbook Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs is built around implementing Scheme:
Related pages
The Burnaby Art Gallery is reaching out into the community with two new exhibitions at Burnaby Public Library branches.
At the McGill library branch (4595 Albert St.), visitors can check out Alan Wood: Selections from the Ranch Series.
article continues below
Wood's Ranch Series is a group of serigraphs and etchings held in the City of Burnaby's permanent art collection.
The Lancashire-born Wood, who moved to Canada in 1971 and settled in B.C. in 1974, gained international recognition in 1983 for taking his painting directly into the landscape with his "Ranch" creation.
The 320-acre painted construction built in the foothills of the Alberta Rockies was a "monumental exploration of colour and form," a press release notes.
Since then, he has continued to work with constructions of wood, canvas and painted, and his work has been featured in many group and solo exhibitions in Canada, the U.S., Europe, the U.K. and Australia.
"His interest in the dynamics of light and colour from the ocean, beach, forest and sky has dominated his landscape work throughout his career," the release notes.
His work will be on display at the McGill library until March 23.
At the Bob Prittie Metrotown library branch (6100 Willingdon Ave.), visitors can check out the work of Bernadette Phan in Lili and the Migratory Influences.
Phan exhibits more than 150 individual drawings representing books brought back from Paris that once belonged to her late Aunt Lili - serving as a homage and a portrait to her aunt.
"The ongoing series conveys visual and imaginary correspondences around Lili," the artist says in a press release. "Lili refers to the multivalent meanings she encompasses: diaspora, migration, hybridity, intra-cultural realities, survival, a witness of historical and social changes."
The exhibition is on at the library until March 22.
Check out www.burnabyartgallery.ca for more on the two exhibitions.
FRISCO, TEXAS (Tuesday, Feb. 7) – FC Dallas has signed Argentine right back Hernán Grana on loan from Club Atlético All Boys, for the 2017 season, as well as Venezuelan midfielder Carlos Cermeño, pending receipt of his P-1 Visa and ITC.
FC Dallas has the option to buy Grana's contract and make the transfer permanent at the end of the 2017 season. The duo will join FC Dallas at its preseason site in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Granum has played 11 seasons and over 200 matches in the Argentine first division since joining Lanús as a 23-year-old in 2008. The defender excelled during a seven-game stint in Major League Soccer with the Columbus Crew in 2015 before returning home due to homesickness.
“We feel that Hernán will feel very much at home here in Dallas,” said FC Dallas Technical Director Fernando Clavijo. “He will be the sixth Argentine in our locker room, along with several other South Americans and Spanish-speakers. He is now in an ideal position to excel on and off the pitch.”
"He's a #8 up and down box to box lefty midfielder who's young but has experience in Copa Libertadores..." pic.twitter.com/xeniUvhzMU — FC Dallas (@FCDallas) February 7, 2017
In addition to Lanús, Grana spent time with Argentine first division teams: Quilmes, Belgrano, All Boys, Boca Juniors and Ferro Carril Oleste. Since returning from MLS, Grana has appeared in 39 matches for All Boys and Ferro Carril Oleste.
Cermeño, 21, began his career with Monagas in the Venezuelan first division in 2011. He played four matches before transferring to fellow Venezuelan first division club, Deportivo Táchira in 2013. Cermeño found the back of the net five times in 95 appearances for Táchira in the past four years.
Cermeño earned one cap for the Venezuelan National Team, playing nine minutes in a 2-2 draw against Peru on March 24, 2016.
Name: Hernán Grana
Position: Defender
DOB: April 12, 1985 (31)
Birthplace: Quilmes, Argentina
Hometown: Quilmes, Argentina
Height: 5-7
Weight: 152
Nationality: Argentina
Pronunciation: HER-non GRAH-nuh
Transaction: FC Dallas signs defender Hernán Grana.
Name: Carlos Cermeño
Position: Midfielder
DOB: Aug. 8, 1995 (21)
Birthplace: Maturín, Venezuela
Hometown: Maturín, Venezuela
Height: 5-7
Weight: 143
Nationality: Venezuela
Transaction: FC Dallas signs midfielder Carlos Cermeño.
Liverpool are believed to have made a move to sign Schalke left-back Sead Kolasinac on a free transfer, competing with five other clubs around Europe.
Kolasinac is in the final months of his current deal with the Bundesliga side, and is set to be on the most in-demand free agents of the summer.
The 23-year-old already has considerable top-flight experience, having turned out for the Schalke first team for five seasons, and would bolster the Reds' ranks significantly.
And according to German publication Bild, Jurgen Klopp has already made his move for the Bosnian.
Liverpool are named among six clubs to have offered Kolasinac a contract, which would see him make the move from the Veltins-Arena on the expiry of his current deal.
AC Milan, Juventus, Roma, Man City and Arsenal are the other clubs said to be chasing the left-back's signature, serving as major competition for the Reds.
Whether these reports are to believed remains to be seen, but Kolasinac would arguably solve a key problem area in Klopp's defensive line.
James Milner has filled in as Liverpool's first-choice left-back throughout the season, and has largely impressed, but the 31-year-old is far from a long-term solution.
Meanwhile, Alberto Moreno looks set to leave the club this summer, with the Spaniard having made just two starts in the Premier League this term.
Speaking to This is Anfield earlier in March, Fox Soccer's Bundesliga expert Keith Costigan hailed Kolasinac as the ideal signing for the Reds in the summer transfer window.
“He is available on a free this summer, he is 23 and he has everything you would want in a modern full-back,” Costigan said.
“For me Kolasinac is ready now and he would come into the Premier League and be one of the best left-backs in the country, that's how highly I rate him.”
At 23, Kolasinac could take up a key role in Klopp's defence for many years to come, and there is still major scope for him to develop under the German at Anfield.
Competing with the likes of Juventus and Man City could prove difficult for the Reds, however, particularly if they fail to secure Champions League football for the 2017/18 campaign.
But with Klopp able to offer Kolasinac regular first-team football, rather than a squad role, he could be tempted to swap Gelsenkirchen for Merseyside in what would be one of the bargain deals of the summer.
Election 2016: Labor launches multi-lingual advertisements in fight for marginal seats
Updated
Labor is pitching to migrant communities by running television commercials in a dozen languages, as it targets critical marginal seats it needs to win victory.
Richard Basil-Jones from advertising analytics company Ebiquity said this was the first time his firm had seen an Australian political party using the tactic.
"It's even more than subtitling," he said
"They're actually changing the creative [content]."
Ebiquity staff first spotted the campaigns running on SBS channels on May 30, including offerings in Tamil and Arabic. The list has since expanded to include Punjabi, Urdu, Korean, Hindi, Bengali, and simplified and traditional Chinese.
Labor campaign headquarters said by polling day the party will also have advertised to Italian, Macedonian, Greek and Vietnamese speakers with subtitled versions of their 100 Positive Policies campaign.
Sociology professor Andrew Jakubowicz said Labor would want to target ethnically diverse communities, as a number of their traditionally 'safe' seats in cities had large migrant populations.
"They're fairly clearly directly related to specific seats they're going after in specific ways and seats they're defending," he said.
"I'm not suggesting that there is a specific migrant vote; some migrant groups are more likely to vote Labor, some are more likely to vote Liberal.
"As those migrant communities become more affluent their tendency to vote Liberal will grow."
These advertising spots were not very expensive, Mr Basil-Jones said, estimating some could cost as little as a couple of hundred dollars per showing, which puts Labor's total spending on these multi-lingual ads at less than $50,000.
Professor Jakubowicz said watching the ads in different languages made him suddenly aware of how white and European the visuals of the Labor ads are.
"If you look at the ads themselves and strip out the subtitles, there are no people of different background or colour at all," he said.
Indian community a growing political force
Labor is clearly targeting Australia's South Asian population using the languages of Hindi, Bengali, Tamil, Urdur and Punjabi.
The Indian-born population in Australia doubled in the five years between the 2006 and 2011 censuses, from nearly 150,000 to nearly 300,000 people.
Professor Jakubowicz said the Indian community was a growing political force in Australia: not only is the population share increasing, but Indian-born Australians also come from a very similar British (Westminster) political system and adjust quickly.
"That makes them quite different to other Asian populations that come from more authoritarian regimes or different electoral politics," he said.
John Kennedy was born in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu and his first language was Tamil. He is now the president of the United Indian Associations of Australia, which advises governments on issues affecting the community.
"As an association we don't get involved in politics but we tell people to vote for the people who support the community," Mr Kennedy said.
"There are lots of Indian communities [that] might be useful to [Labor] so they're trying to woo the votes."
The politics around asylum seekers is not high on the list of importance for the Indian community, Mr Kennedy said, as they are not typically refugees.
But he said the Indian community was aware of the issue and some are concerned about their Sri Lankan friends.
Childcare affordability was a much bigger concern for Indian families in the big cities, he said, and he was hearing people discuss the pros and cons of the parties' policies.
The Chinese and Lebanese communities were also important voters for all parties, Professor Jakubowicz said.
African migrants —while not yet very politically active in the Australian system — were the next group worth targeting, he suggested.
Topics: federal-election, elections, multiculturalism, advertising, federal-government, alp, political-parties, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
About the worst: If you've been following economic debates these past few years, you know that both America and Europe have powerful pain caucuses — influential groups fiercely opposed to any policy that might put the unemployed back to work. There are some important differences between the U.S. and European pain caucuses, but both now have truly impressive track records of being always wrong, never in doubt.
Thus, in America, we have a faction both on Wall Street and in Congress that has spent five years and more issuing lurid warnings about runaway inflation and soaring interest rates. You might think that the failure of any of these dire predictions to come true would inspire some second thoughts, but, after all these years, the same people are still being invited to testify, and are still saying the same things.
Meanwhile, in Europe, four years have passed since the Continent turned to harsh austerity programs. The architects of these programs told us not to worry about adverse impacts on jobs and growth — the economic effects would be positive, because austerity would inspire confidence. Needless to say, the confidence fairy never appeared, and the economic and social price has been immense. But no matter: all the serious people say that the beatings must continue until morale improves.
So what has been the response of the good guys?
For there are good guys out there, people who haven't bought into the notion that nothing can or should be done about mass unemployment. The Obama administration's heart — or, at any rate, its economic model — is in the right place. The Federal Reserve has pushed back against the springtime-for-Weimar, inflation-is-coming crowd. The International Monetary Fund has put out research debunking claims that austerity is painless. But these good guys never seem willing to go all-in on their beliefs.
The classic example is the Obama stimulus, which was obviously underpowered given the economy's dire straits. That's not 20/20 hindsight. Some of us warned right from the beginning that the plan would be inadequate — and that because it was being oversold, the persistence of high unemployment would end up discrediting the whole idea of stimulus in the public mind. And so it proved.
The results of Nevada's Republican caucuses, while not surprising, do help to clarify a few things. Everyone expected Trump to win. He was polling at 45% in the pre-caucus polls with Rubio and Cruz trailing at 19% and 17%, respectively.
The question going into Nevada wasn't whether Trump would win, but rather by how much? If there were lingering doubts, it was about his ability to win a caucus. Trump has run a national media-based campaign, and so he's at a comparative disadvantage in caucus states, where mobilizing supporters is critical. He lost in Iowa, for example, because he was out-organized by Cruz, whose ground game mattered in the end.
Advertisement:
But Nevada was a different story.
Not only did Trump win, he had received over 40 percent of the vote as of this writing Tuesday night. Trump's margin of victory is a testament to his broad appeal among Republican primary voters. He boasted in his victory speech that he won "the evangelical, we won with young, we won with old, we won with highly educated, we won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated!" Trump noted that he also got 46% of the Hispanic vote.
Nevada is a closed-caucus state, which means independents and Democrats weren't able to participate. This was a potential hurdle for Trump, given his unusual coalition, but clearly it didn't matter. He won easily on Republican support alone.
Nevada was an interesting test for Marco Rubio. He's got some things working in his favor there – a personal history in the state, veteran political operatives on the ground, and broad institutional support. Now that Jeb is gone, he needed to establish himself as the most credible challenger to Trump. His long-term strategy is to stay relevant and pocket delegates until he and Trump are the only candidates standing.
Rubio's pitch to Nevadans was simple: unite around me if you want a Republican to win the presidency (translation: Ted Cruz can't win a general election). He narrowly beat Cruz for second place in South Carolina. Widening the gap in Nevada was a must for Rubio; it was his first chance to fully seize the establishment lane of the party. As of this writing late Tuesday night, he was the clear second place finisher, with 25 percent of the vote. Considering the expectations, Rubio will live with that.
Ted Cruz has been in a quasi-free fall since Iowa. Although he's basically declared victory after every primary, Iowa was his only win thus far – and that was under suspicious circumstances. South Carolina was particularly devastating for him. His only true constituency is evangelicals, and he lost them by six points in South Carolina to Trump.
Advertisement:
Cruz's path to the nomination is shrinking by the day. He needed a definitive boost in Nevada, and it didn't happen. Although the results aren't final yet, it appears Cruz will finish in third place behind Rubio, with roughly 20 percent of the vote. Cruz has plenty of resources and a near-heroic commitment to self-preservation, so I expect him to declare victory (again) and move on to the Super Tuesday states.
Bottom line: The Trump juggernaut rolls on its relentless way. With each primary or caucus, Trump's inevitability becomes increasingly obvious. As I wrote earlier this week, Ted Cruz has virtually no chance of winning the nomination at this point. This is a two-candidate race right now: Trump and Rubio. After tonight, Trump heads into Super Tuesday with a substantial delegate lead, and he's likely to dominate in most of the upcoming primaries. He's won a Northeastern state, a Southern state, and now a Western state. If it wasn't obvious already, it is now: Donald Trump is the runaway front-runner in this race.
The Mechanic and the Lemon Baker
There were times when Dean Winchester found himself out of his element. He knew cars, he knew pie. He even knew that the ghosts in people's attics, basements, and under their beds were real, but generally needed to approach them as one would a spider: if you left them alone, they'd leave you alone. If not, blowtorch the little bastards.
But in this shop of sweets, cakes, and baked goods, he was adrift. The lingering heat stroke from a couple days ago was still making him loopy. A cute bakery had opened in an industrial zone of car repair shops, plumbing companies, and empty industrial buildings, and it was just pushing him right over that edge.
A very good bakery.
It had been successful its first day, the first month. Bringing in hipsters, grease monkeys, and even some upper middle class mothers. They all came, ate, and exclaimed how great it was. That many diverse people in Dean's corner of the world was not healthy.
After the third month, Darrell had come back to the garage reeking of strawberries and cinnamon. He had ordered, for god's sakes, a latte. Dean, right then, decided to go on a reconnaissance mission.
Not to scare or intimidate, but to just get a feel on the successful bakery that didn't even face the street. Dean carefully picked his away around a Prius, Camries, beatup trucks, Oldsmobiles, and three 1990s VWs.
The interior was not what he expected. Something French and cute. Like the 1980s bathrooms designed in English country décor of his childhood. Doilies and pictures of vintage soap and crazy large wall paper.
No, the baker was a Moose Lodge. Wooden paneling on the walls, antiseptic white paint mildewed to a grey tint. Broken bits of furniture. Some old Chess Records blues playing on a CD player in the background.
“What'll you have?” asked a teenager with a tip jar asking for band trip funds. Dean pointedly ignored it. Looked at the board. “Bowl of chili. Cinnamon roll.”
“Yup,” the boy replied, keyed the order into an IPad, swiveled it around for Dean to pay.
Dean wiped his hands down, feeling self conscious of the oil under his nails, and scrawled out his name.
Plonked down in a chair, he snatched the Topeka Capitol Journal's sports page, skimmed the results for boys' wrestling and girls' fastpitch softball.
“Chili and cinnamon roll?” a waiter interrupted, placing the dishes on the table.
Dean took a bite, smiled at the taste, and dug in.
“Okay, I have to ask.”
Dean looked up over the pillow of frosting and cinnamon.
“Why do most people order a cinnamon roll with their chili? It's bizarre.”
“People don't order them together?” Dean said, feeling the rare moment of friendliness as he crumbled five packets of crackers into the bowl.
“I'd never seen it before I moved here.”
“People seriously don't eat chili and cinnamon rolls? You should try it. Wait, you're the owner?” Dean asked incredulously.
“Eh,” the man replied. “I like to help with the staff and meet my customers. And if you ever see a cat floating around, he's not here. Like health inspector not here.”
Dean thought for a second, pushed out a chair. “Grab a bowl and try it.”
Three minutes later, the owner returned with his own bowl and dug in.
--
Dean started to take lunches at the little bakery several times a week. Sometimes he'd buy something, sometimes he'd just sneak in a sandwich. The cat would visit, the owner would visit, but mostly he just read the news and magazines off by himself. The customer base grew to where even his shop got new customers, but the crowd was still mixed enough to not make him cranky or put out by the influx of new money.
“I made something new.”
Dean looked up, saw the baker in front of him.
“It's pie.”
Dean agreed that it was a pie.
“I mean, a lemon pie. It's a new kind, so I need a tester.”
“Okay.”
“Cas.”
“What?”
“My name's Cas.”
“Dean.” He added his own, took a big bite of lemon and curd.
---
The memories overwhelmed him, being four and helping his mother cook. Being eight, and trying to cook his own pies and cakes. Being eight, and discovering the joys of snack cakes. This pie, suddenly a new memory to treasure forever and ever. It was everything he wanted out of life.
---
“It's good?”
“Whatever you're charging, double it.”
“Really?”
Dean nodded sagely, knowing people would pay far more for the crown jewel of Cas's bakery. “How do you make it?”
“Trade secret.” Cas said slowly, smiling a little.
“Uh huh.” Dean wolfed down the rest.
--
The lemon pies were a smash. They were back ordered by three weeks, and it was straining the bakery. Cas had to hire a part time baker just to catch up, leaving him uncharacteristically grumpy.
Dean didn't care. Always pre-ordered an entire pie every other Monday, and then ate it piece by piece over the next couple of weeks. Word got round that Dean had invented the pie tab, and soon other customers were buying “buy-a-pie” punch cards. But Dean always got preferential lemon pie while everyone else had to go with whatever was left.
He suddenly felt like he partly owned the bakery after that. Not financially, but emotionally. He started sending his own customers to the shop while they waited for repairs (it also got them out of his hair), and then a small trickle of Cas's customers started going to him. It wasn't anything official, just more of an ad hoc symbiotic business plan developing.
--
And then Cas's POS car broke down. Some rusted out AMC Oldsmobile that blew a water gasket or maybe a hose. Cas didn't know, and Dean nodded sagely at Cas's description of the chain link cylinder drive clunking every thirty miles.
Dean just let Cas talk, opened the hood, eyed it for a few minutes. “I'm going to need a couple days to fix it.”
“Oh.”
“And it might be expensive.”
Cas sucked in air. “Do you accept pie?”
Dean shrugged. “We'll work something out.”
Cas smiled. "Just bring it over to the place any time when you're done."
'That's not how that works,' Dean was about to say, thought about it, and decided to personally drop it off anyway.
-
Working late into the night, Dean got the car going again, drove it over to the bakery, and found the lights still on.
“Cas?” He yelled softly.
“In the back,” echoed the reply over Nina Simone.
Dean entered the door to the kitchen, saw the baker peeling a lemon with twenty other halves peeled lemons in a bucket.
“Getting them ready for that chain link cylinder drive baking?”
“No, I- Oh, you were using sarcasm… I don't know much about cars.”
“I don't know much about pies, but I don't think most people like the skin.”
“Part of my technique. First I peel the bottom half, add a couple of inches of sugar to the bottom of cupcake tins, prop the lemons over the sugar, and roast them for ten minutes. Then I make the pies with the cooked sugar and the lemon juice and burnt lemon zest.”
“Wow. I had no idea they were that complex.”
“Just an experiment I did a few months ago. Worked out better than I thought they would. They're quickly outselling my cinnamon rolls and chili meals.”
“Cute.”
“You're up late.”
“Eh, insomnia. Some of my best work gets done after 2 AM.”
“I know the feeling.”
Cas peeled two more lemons, sugared the tins, and slid the whole thing into the fridge. “Thanks for fixing the car... I gotta eat something.”
Dean surveyed the room.
“I gotta eat something I didn't make.”
Dean shrugged, understanding. “Hamburger Patty's, it is.”
--
“I'm going to contract a stomach virus here,” Cas mock grumbled over his cheeseburger and onion rings.
Dean laughed over his own half-eaten meal, “totally worth it.”
“I can tell. There's green sludge in the soda fountain caps.”
“You checked?”
Cas shrugged, ate the rest of the burger in three bites. “This is my job. You'd know if a mechanic shop was lousy too. There'd be tells like that."
Dean thought it over, ate another bloody bite of half cooked burger, and smiled.
“Gonna order another,” Cas stated. “You want another?”
“Beer?”
“Burger.”
“Really?”
“I am starving.”
Dean nodded, somehow ate the second one, lost himself in the haze of beer pitchers, Led Zeppelin, and either won $150 playing pool or lost $30. Cas laughed with him throughout the whole time.
--
Dean woke up in a fog of pain and screeching.
“What?” he grogged up, wondering if he could kill himself temporarily.
“Dean, there's this weird guy in the front room!”
Dean had to think. About this new person in front of him, and then who the other new person was.
“Sam?”
Sam curled his forehead, “Yes, Dean. There's a guy on the couch.”
“I think that's Cas. He's cool. If it's not him, that's not cool.”
Rolling his eyes, Sam stomped off, making loud noises on purpose as Dean rolled over, thought about vomiting, decided to make that decision later. Got up to his feet, and looked out into the living room.
The other man sprawled on his stomach, one shoe off, hair askew, his cheek red and imprinted with the couch's fabric pattern.
“Yeah, that's Cas,” Dean decided, struggled into the kitchen, plonked on the coffee maker, and forced himself to wake up entirely.
Heard a zombie lumber in from behind him. “Where am I?”
“My place,” Dean said as Sam looked up at the two of them over his toast. “Don't mind him. He's 17 going on 13 and still in that weird angry, hormonal dick to the world stage.”
“I am not.” Sam pouted.
“He's a good kid. Just pouty.” Dean amended. “You got someone opening your store?”
Cas had to think. “No… yes. Benjamin should be there, but he's like 20, so I don't know at this point. You?”
“Darrell's there. He's an idiot, but he can at least unlock the front door.” Dean poured two cups of coffee, put one in front of Cas.
“This your first real day playing hookie?”
“You have no idea.”
Dean grinned, then turned to Sam. “You need to get to school!” he yelped good naturedly. “And brush your teeth. Girls like good dental hygiene.”
Sam narrowed his eyes, put his homework into his bag, took off. “Have fun with your boyfriend.” He got out over his shoulder.
“Oh, I will, Sam. I'll text you all the steamy details.” Dean hit back, easing into Sam's chair.
Beet red, Cas stammered, hemmed. “Oh, I had no idea this was like that.”
“This was like 'what?' No! I was just giving Sam shit. That's all.”
The two dropped back into silence, happy and hungover as the morning passed slowly.
Starving, Dean got up, fried up some bacon and eggs. Cas looked it over, ignored the slightly wilted bacon, the overly dried eggs, and devoured the entire thing. For a hungover fried breakfast made by a mechanic, it was fantastic.
==
Dean looked around the garage. He knew he was almost too young to run it, but his dad had left it to him in the will, and he'd managed to keep enough old timers employed to keep things up and running. It'd been rough a few times, but Dean had been working on cars since he was five while holding the flashlight for his dad. Was the shop's gopher at twelve. His accountant was a huge expense, but Sheila had really bent over backwards teaching him how to manage books and taxes until he finally got a real understanding of how to run a business.
Sam was Sam, and he didn't always help matters, but they both worked through it, figured out how to live together without anyone to referee them. Sam was just starting to get out of his angry phase, and started to recognize what Dean had done for them in the past year.
Cas somehow felt right too to Dean. A guy he could shoot pool with, drink beer, and eat pie together.
==
Cas went back to the bakery around noon. Somewhat more alive than dead, able to ponder his future. The place was packed, chaotic, and the orders were forty minutes late. Groaning, he sprinted into the kitchen, washed his hands up to his elbows, and played short order cook with his hair all up and out for the next three hours until some semblance of order had been established.
Even then, he knew he'd lost a couple customers, but suddenly.
Instantly.
Realized that his bakery was going to survive. His lemon pies and tarts and chili and cinnamon rolls and soup were going to keep his store open and successful. And that he'd somehow managed to get a best friend even in all of the chaos.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jonathan Head reports from Bangkok: ''The lese majeste is now being applied more widely than ever''
When the Thai army decided last November to use a plot of land it owns near the royal resort town of Hua Hin, to construct a park containing 14 metre-high bronze statues of seven past kings, it must have seemed an ideal way for the military to demonstrate its abiding loyalty to the monarchy.
A year later, Rajabhakti Park has become a millstone around the neck of the military government, and a symbol of how their efforts to promote the monarchy - at an awkward moment as Thailand faces its first royal succession in nearly 70 years - can go wrong.
The project has been tarnished by allegations of corruption - a scourge General Prayuth promised to tackle when he seized power last year.
Other government-backed ventures intended to showcase support for the monarchy have been similarly tainted. Not just by allegations of mismanaged funds, but also by the mysterious deaths in custody, or disappearances, of people who had been close to Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn.
The monarchy is an acutely sensitive topic in Thailand, made all the more delicate by the severity of the lese majeste law which inhibits any public debate about the institution.
The officially-sanctioned view of the monarchy is that it is loved and respected by all Thais, who support the law.
In fact, there are Thais who take a different view, but who do not dare to express it publicly.
Image caption Few could have foreseen the problems that would arise from the creation of a park celebrating past kings
Image copyright AP Image caption A number of people with ties to Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn, here at the park's opening, have died mysteriously
From the moment it seized power last year, the military made protecting the monarchy from any kind of critical scrutiny a top priority.
It ordered the police to be more rigorous in prosecuting anyone caught saying anything negative about the royal family. It insisted defendants be tried in military courts, and sometimes in secret.
Around 100 people have been charged with lese majeste since the coup, and sentences have become harsher, with one young mother-of-two being given a 28-year sentence in August.
At the same time, the military set about trying to burnish the public image of Prince Vajiralongkorn, in preparation for him to succeed the ailing King Bhumibol.
The lese majeste law makes it impossible for anyone in Thailand to speak frankly about members of the royal family. The commonly-used way to describe the comparison between the heir and the King is that "he does not enjoy the same popularity as his father."
Image caption The US ambassador to Thailand is one of many under investigation for royal defamation, after he questioned lengthy sentences handed down for lese majeste, during a talk at Bangkok's Foreign Correspondents' Club
In August, the government organised a mass bicycle ride in Bangkok, led by the Crown Prince and his eldest daughter, in honour of Queen Sirikit, who is also in poor health.
It was the first time Thais had seen the 63-year-old prince in a relatively informal setting, smiling and looking trim in his cycling clothes.
The event was deemed a success, and the government held another one on Friday to commemorate the King's birthday.
Then in October three men were suddenly arrested and charged with lese majeste.
One, a famous fortune-teller and television personality known as Mor Yong, had played a prominent role in organising the first Bike for Mom event.
He and his two co-defendants, one of them an influential police officer responsible for countering anti-monarchy sentiment on the internet, were accused of abusing the Crown Prince's name to raise funds illicitly with products like t-shirts and badges linked to the bike rides.
Mor Yong had posted photos of himself with prominent public figures on his Facebook page, as part of his promotional activities.
Four days later, the government announced that the police major had hanged himself with his shirt in his cell.
Two weeks after that, they announced that Mor Yong too had died in custody, from blood poisoning. There was no proper autopsy and both men's bodies were hurriedly cremated.
At the same time the personal bodyguard of the Crown Prince disappeared. He has since been stripped of all his titles and accused of "gravely evil acts" against the monarchy. It is widely believed that he is dead.
Two other senior military officers have also disappeared, and have since been charged with lese majeste.
They have also been linked to alleged abuses in the funding of Rajabhakti Park, which was formally opened by the Crown Prince and his daughter in September.
Image caption Many of those who have fallen foul of the crackdown, such as Mor Young, were previously in influential positions
Image copyright AFP Image caption Thai Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn (centre) was among the thousands of cyclists who took part in Bike For Dad on 11 December
The government and the army have tried, and failed, to stem the tide of allegations surrounding the park.
General Udomdej Sitabutr, who was army commander until October this year and oversaw the project, admitted that irregular commissions were demanded by middlemen for the foundries building the huge statues, which cost around $1 million each. But he said he had insisted the commissions were refunded, although he explained the foundries then donated those commissions to an army charity.
There have been allegations of inflated prices paid for trees planted in the park too. And an initial denial that any government funds were used to build the park turned out to be untrue - around $2 million came from state coffers.
The army announced its own investigation, and quickly concluded there was no corruption. There was a public outcry, so the Ministry of Defence has ordered another investigation.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Major General Werachon Sukondhapatipak: "It is a test of the current administration"
The police say they cannot investigate unless the military authorises them to do so. A government spokesman told the BBC that independent agencies would soon be allowed to scrutinise the accounts of the project, but could not say when.
The government's opponents have jumped on the opportunity to illustrate what they say is hypocrisy on the part of the military in prosecuting former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra for alleged corruption under her administration, yet failing to clean up its own house.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The Thai king is widely respected, making a smooth succession especially important
Student activists and leaders of the pro-Yingluck "red shirt" movement have tried to organise visits to the park, but have been stopped and detained by the army. The government has also charged some of those spreading negative information about the park with sedition, a serious offence which carries a penalty of up to seven years in prison.
Few people outside the top ranks of the military can know what lies behind these disturbing developments. But they show that the men who seized power last year, despite their considerable power, have nevertheless been unable to prevent damaging allegations of wrongdoing being made about their own royal promotion projects.
Nor have they been able yet to provide a convincing response to those allegations. Many people in Thailand believe the revelations indicate divisions at the top over how to handle the royal succession, and crucially, who has control over this historic transition.
This is a simple but clever way to leverage Bluetooth radio signals as an early warning system for an approaching boss, sibling, parent, kid, spouse, surprise party recipient, or whomever. Once we've connected one or more LED's to the Pi, figured out your target's Bluetooth MAC address, and loaded some code I've written then you'll be alerted to the target's approach and proximity by the lights which blink faster the closer your target is.
Note also, that if you'd like to use the built-in LED on your Pi, you can skip all of the hardware and wiring requirements below.
This will work with any Raspberry Pi and can be easily ported to an Arduino or (if you're willing to give up the LED feature) any laptop or desktop computer.
For this tutorial I will focus on the Raspberry Pi version 2 model B.
Here's what you need:
If you're using a Raspberry Pi v2:
1 LED of any color or size
1 resistor, probably about 220 ohms but you can use this calculator tool to find out exactly for your LED
1 breadboard, unless you plan to make a PCB
Female-to-make jumper wires
1 Pi-compatible bluetooth dongle, such as this one
My code, available on GitHub
If you're using a Raspberry Pi v3:
1 LED of any color or size
1 resistor
Female-to-male jumper wires
1 breadboard
My code, available on GitHub
If you're using a Raspberry Pi Zero:
1 LED of any color or size
1 resistor
1 breadboard
Female-to-male jumper wires
A bluetooth Pi hat or other bluetooth adapter
My code, available on GitHub
If you're using a Raspberry Pi Zero W:
Why we have not thought of this combination before, who knows? Just be glad we have evolved to this very unique and super awesome Milk Tart Pancakes dessert!
Ingredients for the Pancakes:
2 Cups -256 grams Flour
Pinch of salt
2 Large Eggs
750 ml Milk
500 ml Water
20 ml Vinegar
Sunflower Oil
Method:
Sift the dry ingredients together. Beat the eggs, milk, water and vinegar together. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and mix well. Add the oil and mix. (The mixture must look like smooth cream) If it looks to thick add more water. Leave to stand for a few minutes. Use a non-stick or slightly oiled frying pan. Bake pancakes one at a time and stack.
Ingredients for Milk tart:
1 can of condensed milk
3 cups milk
¼ cup corn flour (Maizena)
2 Large eggs (separate egg yolks from egg whites)
Pinch of salt
1 Teaspoon vanilla essence
2 Tablespoons butter
Cinnamon Sugar
Method:
Add the condensed milk and two of the three cups milk in a saucepan. Stir the mixture and let it heat slowly on medium setting hot plate. Combine the remaining milk with maizena and add to the milk in a saucepan when milk starts to get hot. Whisk the egg yolks and when the mixture starts to become thick, add the egg yolks. Keep stirring. Add salt, vanilla and butter. Wish the egg whites until fluffy and fold in the mixture. Stir carefully, remove from stove and leave to thicken further and let it cool. Place spoons full of the Milk Tart filling in the pancake and roll up. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar.
LEKKER EET! ENJOY!!!
Personally, I feel as if cult classic Donnie Darko has received more than enough recognition as that, a cult classic. Not that it doesn't deserve it. However, I feel that its all-grown-up cousin film Southland Tales deserves similar cult status. Much like Darko, we're dealing with the time paradoxes and end of the world – only this time with sex, drugs, and government conspiracies.
After twin nuclear attacks in Texas in 2005, the country has fallen into disarray, and World War III has begun. Our story focuses on three men: an actor, Boxer Santaros (Dwayne Johnson) and identical twins Roland and Ronald Taverner (Sean William Scott) and their collision between government agencies, neo-Marxist groups, and a new energy source known as Fluid Karma – thanks to an ex-porn star called Krysta Now (Sarah Michelle Gellar). Confused? That's okay, because we have reciting vet Justin Timberlake to talk us through everything by means of allegory.
It's understandable that a film like this can easily fly over a person's head. It even took me a couple of watches just to get the full picture. This does not mean that I wasn't the least bit entertained. The performances are earnest as well as over-the-top, creating caricatures of everyday media icons while simultaneously mocking the infotainment industry of our time. On the other hand, some of the situations and dialogue are just too ludicrous – but that's okay! We're given a reality that allows us to accept these things. I mean, we're dealing with the end of the world here – I think a little suspension of disbelief is not too much to ask.
As mentioned, there is a massive ensemble of actors in this picture, and about twice as many cameos – many are beloved SNL alumni. Even Frank the Bunny makes a couple appearances. Additionally, these performances are equally matched by fantastic videography and a score by Moby, creating a most electric atmosphere for this confusion and chaos.
Southland Tales did not receive much recognition…or positive reviews for that matter, but I believe that there's some sort of oddball charm to this feature. It may not capture the youthful, withdrawn nature of Donnie Darko, but it also doesn't deserve to be held back by such a comparison. A genuine sci-fi for our time, complete with Orwellian undertones, Southland Tales is a cult classic waiting to happen. Just sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride.
Advertisements
The man who claimed to achieve bird-like flight with a custom-built contraption came clean today: It was a hoax 8 months in the making.
Netherlands artist Floris Kaayk, who went by the name of Jarno Smeets during his “Human Birdwings” project, admitted to the hoax today on a Dutch television program called “De Wereld Draait Door” (“The World is Turning”).
“My name is Floris Kaayk I'm actually a filmmaker and animator. I am now 8 months working on an experiment about online media,” Kaayk told the show, according to a Dutch-to-English translation in a YouTube video. [Updated: The YouTube clip has been removed.] Kaayk said attempted the hoax because “it's everybody's dream to fly.”
Kaayk's website states he was born in Tiel in the Netherlands in 1982. He's been living in The Hague, where the faked bird-man stunt took place.
Kaayk claims on his website that he graduated with honors from St. Joost Academy and earned a Masters of Fine Arts. The website says he is an animator and a CGI expert who has a self-described fascination with “the world of insect, evolution, technology and dark futuristic visions.”
In 2006, Kaayk created a hoaxed documentary about a fake disease called Metalosis Maligna that causes medical implants to grow and overtake the body.
The hoaxer claims on his website that his films have earned several awards, and that his The Origin of Creatures was the Dutch entry for the Academy Awards in 2011.
“He wanted to chase a dream, as most artists do. He wanted to inspire people and I think he succeeded,” said neuromechanics scientist Bert Otten of the University of Groningen. “As an artist he has succeeded, but he has fooled most of us. We all want to fly, don't we?”
Kaayk reached out to Otten in August 2011 to ask him about the mechanics of flight. Otten said he was not in on the hoax, and that he believed Kaayk — then “Jarno Smeets” — earnestly wished to fly.
“Although this kind of flight is possible in principle, he must have known early on that it would be impossible for him and that he had to fake it. It's pretty fantastic that he made us believe that we were on to something.”
The birdwings video started going viral on Tuesday when bloggers and news outlets, including Wired, began gushing over the apparent achievement in human flight. But many observers were skeptical from the start.
Wired's Dot Physics blogger, physicist Rhett Allain, did an analysis of the video on Wednesday that found no conclusive evidence it was fake, but he agreed it looked suspicious. Then Wired reported that nobody named Jarno Smeets had attended Coventry College or worked for Pailton Steering Systems, as claimed in a resume for Smeets on LinkedIn. Finally, today, Kaayk admitted the hoax — confirming that there is no Jarno Smeets.
Updated: March 26, 2011; 11 a.m. EDT
Video: De Wereld Draait Door/Vara
The new Trans-Pacific Partnership trade-deal allows U.S. and foreign companies to hire foreign professionals and technicians to take skilled jobs in the United States, while still only paying them wages typical for their home countries, such as Vietnam and Malaysia, immigration expert Rosemary Jenks told Sirius XM's Breitbart News Daily radio show.
“We have this massive [TPP] contract that we are apparently about to sign — if they have their way in Washington — that says we are going to open our entire service industry to companies and [their] employees from all of these partner countries,” said Jenks, the director of government relations at NumbersUSA
NumbersUSA is an immigration-reform group that wants to reduce the annual inflow of roughly 1 million immigrants and 700,000 guest-workers. Currently, roughly 4.4 million Americans turn 18 each year.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, plus Michael Froman, the chief U.S. trade negotiator, and many other officials, have deceptively claimed that the TPP trade deal makes no changes to the nation's immigration laws, Jenks said. “It is the sleight-of-hand that is so typical of Washington,” she said.
“It is technically true… [that] TPP would not require us, up front, to change our immigration laws,” she said, if it is approved by the House and Senate next year. But it would create an huge new market for service companies to use existing laws to hire foreign service professionals for jobs in the United States, and it creates a new international committee that can make immigration changes, she said.
TPP's forced rewrite of the nation's immigration laws “comes at the back end of the [TPP] process, not the front end,” Jenks said.
The TPP's opening-up of the U.S. service sector is critical, she said. It means companies will have an incentive to maximize their use of existing rules that allow them to bring an unlimited number of foreign workers — dubbed ‘guest workers' — into the United States.
The guest-worker visas are L-1 visas and the B-1 business-tourist visas, she said. Service jobs include law, medical and engineering, architecture, equipment and machine maintenance, telecommunications and much else, she told Breitbart News in a later interview.
For example, “if GE can make the argument that a particular [foreign] mechanic serving a particular kind of machine has specialized knowledge, then the person can bring over from Malaysia,” via the L-1 visa, to work in a job in the United States at normal Malaysian wage-rates, she said.
Even if the migrant foreign workers are paid American wage-levels, she said, the huge influx of foreign workers will flood the U.S. market and drive down wages paid to American technicians and professionals. “It is pure supply-and-demand,” she said. For example, “if you increase the supply of legal services, you increase the number of law firms, you reduce the wages of [American] lawyers,” she said.
Top government officials are trying to hide this hugely important part of the TPP deal, she said.
The sheer size and complexity of the TPP deal hides the foreign-labor impact, she told Breitbart News. “There is a chapter in the TPP called ‘Temporary Entry for Business Persons.' That would be the immigration chapter, right? [But] the United States didn't take part in a specific subchapter of that part so [it appears] we are not changing our immigration laws up front for TPP,” she said.
Also, the TPP deal does not obviously mandate the inflow of foreign workers, but it creates huge incentives for U.S. companies to hire foreign workers, at foreign-wage rates, she said. The TPP's chapter on cross-border trade in services “guarantees that the United States will open our economy to the TPP partners countries to send in service-providers… across the service industry,” she said.
Similarly, the treaty does not formally change U.S immigration laws, but it creates an international commission that can and will later change those laws to the advantage of companies and foreign countries, she told Breitbart. Once the treaty is signed, the TPP “the commission is the arbiter” of U.S immigration law, she said.
“It can decide the U.S. is not doing enough to open up its visa process or is not allowing enough service-providers to come… and that puts pressure on Congress to change our immigration laws.”
Political drama on television is finished. No fictional version could match the vicious infighting in both main political parties in Britain that followed the vote on June 23 by the British people to leave the European Union.
What the vote revealed—and the winning margin was larger than in three of the past four US presidential elections—is a growing and dangerous divide between the political class, often a metropolitan elite, and a large number of people who feel left out of the economic prosperity centered on London and disenfranchised by “political correctness.” Among the latter, insecurity has been growing for years, the result in part of the impact of globalization on real wages and of high levels of immigration.1 It is a problem afflicting many industrialized countries.
Yet the political class, still in a state of shock and disbelief, shows few signs of recognizing the cause of its undoing. The campaign was not a reasoned discussion of the case for the two options but a propaganda war, the likes of which I cannot recall before in Britain, with both sides calling each other, and with some justification, liars.2 And both sides continue to believe passionately that the other was the worse sinner.
Nor was the press any better. Even those newspapers that like to think of themselves as more authoritative and informed than their tabloid cousins allowed their editorial positions to infect their reporting of the campaign. No doubt their own commercial interests played a part.
It was and is simply false to claim that exit from the EU will result in Britain becoming either a land of milk and honey, on the one hand, or a land of plagues and locusts on the other. In truth, the economic arguments are much more evenly balanced. My own guess—and it can be little more than that—is that the effect of EU membership on the level and growth rate of national income in the long run will be much less than either camp would like to claim. But we cannot know today.
Two questions that should have been at the forefront were largely absent from the campaign. First, what will the EU look like in the future? Second, what is the place of Britain in Europe? It is helpful to distinguish three distinct entities: Europe, the EU, and the eurozone.
No referendum can alter…
Claudene Christian, 42, the lead mutineer's great-great-great-great-great granddaughter, was found unresponsive by rescuers after being washed into the sea. Fourteen of the 16 people on board were successfully rescued by helicopter, but the captain of the ship Robin Walbridge, 63, was missing.
Before the tragedy Miss Christian told the Chronicle Herald newspaper in Halifax, Canada that being on the ship had been "incredible."
She said: "I was at the helm the first week and said 'Captain, are you sure you're comfortable having a Christian at the helm? I wasn't sure if he got my joke.'
"I have a marketing background, so I wasn't sure if they'd take me because I didn't have a sailing background, although I've been totally interested in it all my life.
"I just decided I was going to apply for who I am. I'm so, so attached to the Bounty because I'm Claudene Christian."
US Coast Guard photographs showed how the 180ft three-mast vessel listed to the right and was swamped by water, before sinking 90 miles off North Carolina.
The crew climbed into two covered lifeboats but Miss Christian and Captain Walbridge were thrown into the water Rescuers said he could still be alive, despite being in the water for more than 24 hours, because he was wearing a cold water survival suit and life jacket, and a search continued.
Fletcher Christian seized control of the original Bounty from Captain William Bligh near near Tahiti in 1789.
The replica was faithfully constructed for use in the 1962 film "Mutiny on the Bounty," starring Marlon Brando as Fletcher Chritian. It later featured in "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest" starring Johnny Depp.
The ship was used to teach sailors about 18th Century square-rigged sailing and had set out from Connecticut for Florida.
Organisers of the trip said the captain was aware of Sandy and had tried to steer clear of the storm.
The vessel left Connecticut with a crew of 11 men and five women, ranging in age from 20 to 66. Everyone aboard knew the journey could be treacherous.
"This will be a tough voyage for Bounty," read a posting on the ship's Facebook page that showed a map of its coordinates and satellite images of the storm.
As Sandy's massive size became more apparent, a post on Saturday tried to soothe any worried supporters: "Rest assured that the Bounty is safe and in very capable hands."
But as the storm gathered strength, the Facebook posts grew grimmer. By mid-morning Monday, the last update was short and ominous: "Please bear with us ... There are so many conflicting stories going on now. We are waiting for some confirmation."
It's a cliché to say that “military justice is to justice as military music is to music.” It's also far from fair to the American military. Over the last fifty years, the American military justice model evolved into something that—while always short of perfection, as all human works—nevertheless accurately reflects the basic values of a democratic society. In fact, the American court-martial system has long been something that Americans could be proud of. And more than anything this is thanks to the diligent work and professionalism of the uniformed lawyers who make that system work, the JAG corps.
Within two years of its arrival in Washington, the Bush Administration began to take a crow bar to the American military justice system. They wanted a new process in Guantánamo, and they had no position for justice in it. And they wanted the military lawyers to be their frontmen. As a senior JAG officer explained to me in West Point this fall: “They never asked us for our advice on how to do this. They instructed us what to do. And we did the best we could to give their designs at least some modicum of justice. But nobody is happy with the product.”
In fact over the last years we have seen a steady parade of JAG officers on the public stage protesting what has been done—a demolition derby of traditional values and procedures. “It's destroying our reputation. Why should we be quiet about this? We are the guardians of an important legacy. Don't we have a duty to that legacy?” Now I know a good many of these men and women, and they are not a bunch of wild-eyed Bill Kuenstlers in uniform. They are mostly conservative Republicans. And what propels them is that very conservatism–respect for traditional values.
Those who have spoken have been the TJAGs, the senior most generals and admirals in each service line, but also defense counsel, judges, and now the prosecutors. Congress has enacted legislation which will shortly promote the senior echelon of JAG officers, on an initiative from Senators McCain and Graham. This is a necessary change, because in the Bush Administration, uniformed lawyers have not gotten the respect and attention they deserve, and the country has faced a series of embarrassing scandals as a result.
Earlier this year we heard from a highly regarded prosecutor, Colonel Couch, who described how the mistreatment of detainees undermined his ability to prosecute. Couch subsequently was ordered not to appear before Congress and testify (a flagrantly illegal order, by the way, since it directly challenged Congress's ability to select and arrange for witnesses to inform it on issues it was investigating, but par for the course for this Administration). Couch, like any ethically rigorous prosecutor, knew that this duty was not to rack up another conviction (the attitude now routinely displayed by the political-hack prosecutors fielded by the Justice Department across the country), but rather to do justice.
And now we hear from Colonel Couch's boss, the head prosecutor at Guantánamo, Colonel Morris Davis. He has given a couple of interviews and now he has authored a vitally important editorial in the Los Angeles Times explaining why he quit. I have been critical of Colonel Davis in the past, but I never doubted he was a person of integrity, and his actions in the last few weeks have demonstrated not just integrity, but real courage.
There's one key piece of the story that needs some focus. Davis quit when he was placed directly under the command of the General Counsel of the Department of Defense, Jim Haynes. Donald Rumsfeld's lawyer has been able to hold his job in the Gates Pentagon, remarkably, though perhaps understandably since it's hard to imagine where he would find other employment. He is a principal author of the system of official cruelty and torture; indeed, he presented and secured Rumsfeld's signature on a key document (likely to figure in criminal prosecutions in the future) authorizing waterboarding and other extreme techniques—and that's just what has crept into the public record. There is doubtless much more still in the files, or, more likely, at the bottom of incinerators. Like a “loyal Bushie” lawyer, Haynes was directing a series of convictions to occur to be lined up with the 2008 election cycle. And rather than accept the complete dishonor that all of this meant, Davis resigned from his appointment.
Here are Davis's key conclusions about the system he helped to run in Guantánamo:
I was the chief prosecutor for the military commissions at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, until Oct. 4, the day I concluded that full, fair and open trials were not possible under the current system. I resigned on that day because I felt that the system had become deeply politicized and that I could no longer do my job effectively or responsibly. In my view — and I think most lawyers would agree — it is absolutely critical to the legitimacy of the military commissions that they be conducted in an atmosphere of honesty and impartiality. Yet the political appointee known as the “convening authority” — a title with no counterpart in civilian courts — was not living up to that obligation. In a nutshell, the convening authority is supposed to be objective — not predisposed for the prosecution or defense — and gets to make important decisions at various stages in the process. The convening authority decides which charges filed by the prosecution go to trial and which are dismissed, chooses who serves on the jury, decides whether to approve requests for experts and reassesses findings of guilt and sentences, among other things.
Colonel Davis charts the progressive deterioration and politicization of the Military Commissions process. He noted that Major General Altenburg was removed as convening authority and replaced with a friend and confidante of Dick Cheney's, Susan J. Crawford. Under Crawford, he notes, the politicization of the process accelerated dramatically. The final straw was the appointment of Haynes, a man rejected for a federal judgeship because of his critical role in the introduction of torture and abuse into the detention systems, as his command authority. Colonel Davis makes clear that this was a point of honor to him. And he means “honor” the way George Washington used the term—whether we demonstrate fidelity in our conduct to the values we articulate with our mouths. He writes:
Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham have said that how we treat the enemy says more about us than it does about him. If we want these military commissions to say anything good about us, it's time to take the politics out of military commissions, give the military control over the process and make the proceedings open and transparent.
We know that this White House provides not moral leadership, but moral bankruptcy and rot. We need to keep our eyes focused on the Supreme Court—which holds the future of the kangaroo court system at Guantánamo in its hands in the Boumediene case now under review—and the Congress, which will again be allowed to speak to torture and official cruelty in a vote on the intelligence bill in the coming week. As Colonel Davis makes clear, what's at stake couldn't be clearer: it's a question of honor for the military, and the country.
Sebastian Vettel was narrowly out-qualified by Kimi Raikkonen at Monza
Ferrari have revealed to Sky Sports they spent "a few tokens" on developing their engine ahead of the Italian GP.
It's understood that the Scuderia used three of their remaining tokens, leaving the team with four to be deployed in the remainder of 2015.
The long straights at Monza demand a strong engine and Ferrari's improvements were immediately noticeable with Kimi Raikkonen two tenths of a second behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton despite Mercedes spending seven tokens of their own on development this week.
The sister Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel also out-qualified the second Mercedes of Nico Rosberg, who was running the older Mercedes engine following unreliability problems in final practice, underlining the progress the Scuderia have made.
Team principal Maurizio Arrivabene had confirmed after Friday practice that tokens had been spent, but had declined to comment on what area.
"We've spent a couple of tokens here but we have a little improvement but we are far from this super engine that has been mentioned, a lot of time," he said.
"I can confirm that we have spent a couple of tokens but I don't confirm that we have a super engine here. We have a Ferrari engine, this is enough."
Sebastian Vettel starts third at Monza, behind Kimi Raikkonen who lines-up second
Sky Sports sources at Ferrari have revealed that the tokens were spent on ICE development.
However, the team have been keen to downplay their impact, instead pointing out that the stop-start nature of the long blasts punctuated by slow chicanes plays into their hands - as demonstrated by Vettel's charge from 18th to fifth in Canada and setup changes they had made overnight before Saturday's qualifying session at Monza.
Vettel was circumspect when discussing the updates, suggesting the team had spent their tokens simply to perform better in front of their home crowd, the Tifosi.
Healthcare company 'takes complaints seriously' but says it only runs assessments and that decisions are made by the DWP
The executive in charge of running medical assessments for benefits claims at Atos Healthcare has offered an apology to this long-term sick it has incorrectly assessed as being "fit for work".
In her first public interview, Lisa Coleman, the manager who oversees the firm's contract with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), was asked by BBC Radio 4's You and Yours programme if she would like to apologise. She replied: "If we get something wrong then I'm very happy to say sorry."
Although work capability tests were introduced by the Labour government in 2008, the coalition has rapidly expanded their use. However, Atos – which last year processed almost 20,000 incapacity benefit claimants a week – has faced criticism after it emerged that a third (37%) of decisions appealed were successfully overturned.
There have also been repeated claims that people with terminal cancer had been denied benefits as a result of Atos assessments and that the company sets out to strip people of benefits by making the tests arduous and degrading.
Radio 4 questioned Coleman about a number of cases in which people had claimed that their complaints had been ignored, that assessments had not been carried out properly or that no account was made of the needs of patients – some of whom could not stand or needed nursing support – to take the tests.
Coleman said Atos "did not have targets for taking people off benefit. We take complaints seriously. If there's way to improve then we're happy to take that feedback and improve [the service]. If we get it wrong then happy to say we got it wrong."
But, she added, Atos did not make decisions on what benefits people received, and its responsibility was only with properly conducting the assessments. "The Department for Work and Pensions make decisions. We don't make decisions."
The company claims that "recent figures released by the DWP suggest that of the 15% of (fit for work) decisions successfully appealed[ against], Atos reports are a reason for successful appeals in only 0.3% of cases".
Although the coalition has conceded that the assessments could be improved, there is little doubt that ministers intend to increase their role in the welfare system. Ministers claimed last month that 878,000 people who were on incapacity benefit dropped their claim to the payments rather than undergo a tough medical test. The Conservative party chairman, Grant Shapps, said the figures "demonstrate how the welfare system was broken under Labour and why our reforms are so important".
But it later emerged that this figure was calculated by adding up the 20,000 claimants every month who leave the benefit system without undergoing a work capability assessment over four years – which DWP's own research says is largely owing to the fact many people will see an improvement in their condition, or will return to work regardless of whether their condition improves.
At the beginning of April, Atos began a £400m, five-year contract carrying out tests for the new personal independence payment (Pip), which replaces the disability living allowance and determines whether people are entitled to extra money to help cope with disability, such as cars, equipment or nursing.
A DWP spokesman said: "We are committed to helping thousands of people move from benefits and back into work if they are capable, while giving unconditional support to those who need it.
"Since 2010 we have considerably improved the work capability assessment process. As a result, the percentage of people getting long-term unconditional support has more than doubled in two years."
New Mexico's Republican Party misleads in two mailers attacking the state's Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate, two-term Rep. Martin Heinrich.
One mailer states that “New Mexico workers have a jobs problem.” But the state's unemployment rate is 6.4 percent, well below the national rate, or the 8 percent figure the flier displays.
Another flier claims that Heinrich voted for the Bush-era tax cuts to expire for “everyone.” Heinrich actually supported a bill that preserved the tax cuts for everyone except high-income taxpayers. What he opposed was a compromise measure that also extended the tax cuts for those at the top.
The same mailer claims: “Raising taxes, as Heinrich wants to do, would cost another 4,300 jobs in New Mexico.” That prediction is based on a business-backed study that assumes the government will increase spending if it lets tax cuts expire for high-income taxpayers. Heinrich said he wants to reduce the deficit with that money, a course of action the study did not examine.
A mailer fails to tell the whole story when it claims Heinrich's vote for the stimulus allowed insurance company AIG to award executive bonuses using bailout money. Heinrich never had a chance to vote up or down on the bonus issue. A Senate version of the stimulus bill banned AIG from awarding bonuses. But that ban was removed before the bill returned to the House for final passage.
Heinrich holds an eight-point lead over Republican opponent Heather Wilson, according to the Albuquerque Journal's latest poll. Wilson previously held Heinrich's seat in Congress, serving five terms before she ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate in 2008. Heinrich and Wilson are vying for the seat held by Jeff Bingaman, New Mexico's senior U.S. senator, who is retiring.
Jamie Dickerman, communications director for the Republican Party of New Mexico, told us in an email that the organization “stands behind the facts presented and the citations given” in the mailers.
Our thanks to Allen Stenger of Alamogordo, N.M., who uploaded the mailers to our Spin Detectors page, through which we ask our readers to help us monitor political claims and campaigns across the country. Stenger, who is active in his local chamber of commerce, said he knew the mailer misled when it claimed that New Mexico has a “jobs problem” but cited the national unemployment rate.
Rate Spin
One of the mailers claims: “We all know Washington has a spending problem. And New Mexico workers have a jobs problem.” The flier then displays the faux headline “Unemployment above 8% for 43 months straight — Bureau of Labor Statistics.”
The mailer cites slightly older figures for the national unemployment rate, which dipped to 7.8 percent in September, ending the 43-month streak of rates above 8 percent. But New Mexico's “jobs problem” hasn't been as bad.
The state's unemployment rate peaked right at 8 percent for five months in 2010. The percentage has been steadily falling since then, with preliminary numbers showing a rate of 6.4 percent for September.
Twisting the Tax Cuts
The state's Republican Party also misleadingly claims that “Martin Heinrich voted for the tax cuts to expire for everyone — not just the wealthy. Heinrich even opposed the president's bipartisan tax cut compromise plan.”
In 2010, Heinrich supported a bill that extended the Bush tax cuts for everyone except individual taxpayers making $200,000 or more a year and couples earning a combined $250,000 or more.
The mailer bases its claim on Heinrich's vote against a subsequent compromise, which was brokered by President Barack Obama and congressional Republicans. That deal extended all of the tax cuts as well as unemployment benefits and other measures.
Heinrich joined more than 100 Democrats and 36 Republicans who voted against the compromise. He said the measure created too much debt.
“We shouldn't saddle our kids with billions in debt just to provide tax cuts for the very rich,” he wrote on his website.
Slippery Study
The state Republican Party misleads again when it claims that “[r]aising taxes, as Heinrich wants to do, would cost another 4,300 jobs in New Mexico.”
First of all, the flier continues to omit the fact that Heinrich supports letting the tax cuts expire only for high-income taxpayers — not everyone. And the job-loss prediction comes from a study that examines what would happen if the tax cuts expire for high-income earners — not everyone.
Furthermore, that study assumes jobs would be lost if the government increases spending after those tax cuts expire. But Heinrich said he wants to reduce the deficit with that money, a course of action the study did not examine.
The accounting firm Ernst and Young produced the study. And it was commissioned by pro-business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Federation of Independent Business, which lean strongly Republican.
Ernst and Young found that jobs would be lost when the resulting revenue “is used to finance higher government spending.”
Heinrich told the Albuquerque Journal in September that he would reduce the deficit with that money.
Heinrich: If we can put revenues back on the table — the Bush-era tax cuts for millionaires — we can reduce the deficit a lot more without the draconian aspects of sequestration. We can't afford to keep doing what we're doing.
As we've noted before, Moody's chief economist, Mark Zandi, said it was “odd” that the study failed to examine what would happen if the higher revenues were simply applied to reduce future federal deficits.
Zandi said: “It seems to me that is the more relevant scenario. And my sense is that if they did, the results would be very different.”
Bonus Backstory
A mailer also states that “Heinrich's vote for the stimulus allowed AIG to use bailout money to give a million dollar bonuses to its executives.” The claim fails to tell the whole story.
Heinrich never had a chance to vote up or down on the bonus issue. A Senate version of the stimulus bill banned American International Group from awarding bonuses. But that ban was removed before the bill returned to the House for final passage.
A little background: AIG had arranged in early 2008 to award bonuses to employees through March 2009. Then, in the fall of 2008, the federal government began its bailout of the insurance company.
Heinrich took office in January 2009. The stimulus became law in February of that year.
As we've written before, the version of the stimulus bill that first passed the House lacked any language regarding bonuses. Democratic Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut included a provision in the Senate bill that banned companies such as AIG from awarding bonuses — regardless of previous contractual obligations — if they still owed money to the government for financial assistance.
The Obama administration then successfully insisted that a House-Senate conference committee soften the ban's language so it applied only to bonus agreements arranged in February 2009 and later. The administration feared a prohibition on contractually-obligated bonuses — such as the ones AIG had already made — would not survive court challenges. (Heinrich was not on the conference committee.)
The bill that emerged from the committee, which Heinrich voted for and subsequently became law, did not prohibit the bonuses that AIG had already agreed to give.
— Ben Finley
Photo
A Chinese newspaper's graphic declaring that “Japan wants a war again” and showing mushroom clouds over Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Japan, drew strong criticism from the Japanese foreign minister on Tuesday, adding to the continuing acrimony between the two countries over historical issues.
The foreign minister, Fumio Kishida, said that it was “imprudent” of the newspaper, the Chongqing Youth News, to publish the graphic, which ran in the July 3 edition, because it would offend survivors of the 1945 atomic bombings, according to the Kyodo News agency of Japan.
“I have instructed the ministry to refer the case swiftly to the paper through the Consulate General of Japan in Chongqing, and to make a strong protest — after confirming the facts about the report,” Kyodo News quoted Mr. Kishida as saying at a news conference.
This is the graphic from Chongqing Youth News（重庆青年报, 3 July）that has Japanese ForMin upset. //t.co/ob6anm0orw — Adam Cathcart (@adamcathcart) 8 Jul 14
The graphic shows a map of Japan marked with the Chinese and English names of Tokyo, Hiroshima and Nagasaki and is headlined “Japan wants a war again,” in both Chinese and English. The clouds over Hiroshima and Nagasaki are a reference to the bombs the United States released over the cities — the first and only use of nuclear weapons in warfare.
Mr. Kishida said he could “never tolerate” such a report given that he is both a “foreign minister of the only country that has suffered from atomic bombings and a lawmaker from bombed Hiroshima,” Kyodo News reported.
The graphic in the Chongqing Youth News, which is affiliated with the Chongqing Communist Youth League, followed the July 1 announcement by the Japanese government of a relaxation of restraints on its armed forces that have been in place for the past six decades under the country's pacifist Constitution.
Some analysts say that China's growing assertiveness in the region, along with decreasing American dominance in the region, were key factors influencing the debate in Japan over its post-war role in the region and world. Under the new interpretation of the Japanese Constitution, the Japanese military, known as the Self-Defense Forces, will be free to aid an ally under attack.
In China, memories and anger at Japan's brutal wartime occupation remain in many people's minds, reinforced by an education system that stresses China's “century of humiliation” at the hands of foreigners from the mid-1800s to mid-1900s — and Japanese war crimes. When the administration of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan announced the new military guidelines, the Chinese government and state news media condemned the move.
The Chongqing Youth News was no exception, but went further than some. Opposite the full-page graphic was an equally jingoistic commentary asking: “Were we too friendly to Japan in the past?”
The Japanese shift means that Japan can now “freely take part in wars overseas and use force,” the commentary asserted. “As the ‘butcher' of World War II, the blood on Japan's hands has not yet dried. Lifting the ban on collective self-defense is tantamount to putting ‘a knife' back in the ‘murderer's' hands.”
But perhaps some of the blame lay with China, it said, as many Chinese, particularly after their country began pursuing economic reforms and a policy of opening to the outside world in the late 1970s, became less vigilant toward Japan.
The Chinese government often warns of Japanese militarism, and the state news media plays up the atrocities committed by Japanese troops in World War II, sometimes with graphic images. “Resisting Japan” has become such a normal part of Chinese discourse that even grandmothers have incorporated it into their patriotic dance routines.
At the same time, economic relations between China and Japan have strengthened over the years. But the Chongqing Youth News commentary argued that this “hot economics, cold politics” was a mistake and that the two sectors cannot rightfully be separated. “After all, every penny that Japanese companies earn could go towards its military budget for the next war,” the newspaper said.
“For more than 40 years we have been overly magnanimous and tolerant, in terms of recognition, emotions, actions and policies toward Japan,” the commentary read. China must take greater care from now on and “must acknowledge that, in the foreseeable future, direct confrontation between China and Japan is no longer a small probability,” it said.
The controversy over the graphic coincides with the 77th anniversary of the formal start of full-scale war between the two countries. Presiding over a ceremony on Monday commemorating the anniversary, President Xi Jinping complained of efforts to whitewash Japan's aggression in China. “Anyone who wants to deny, distort or beautify the history of the invasion will definitely not find agreement from the people of China or the rest of the world,” he said.
One prominent veteran accused China of its own whitewashing of wartime history. A former Taiwanese official who served in World War II said the Beijing museum where Mr. Xi spoke on Monday gave “a one-sided interpretation of the history of the war,” according to a report from Taiwan's state-owned Central News Agency.
Hau Pei-tsun, the former official who was in the Republic of China's army during its fight against Japan, said during a visit to the Museum of the War of Chinese People's Resistance against Japanese Aggression in Beijing that it downplayed the contribution of Chiang Kai-shek's Kuomintang forces while emphasizing the role of the China's ruling Communist Party.
“It was Generalissimo Chiang leading” China “in the war,” against Japan, said Mr. Hau, 94, a former defense minister and prime minister of Taiwan. Chiang's forces fled to the island after losing the civil war with Mao Zedong's Communists in 1949.
Despite bad buzz, critical drubbings, and the fact that it was exiled to the cinematic hinterlands of January for having a name too similar to The Green Lantern, The Green Hornet grossed $34 million and $16 million overseas this weekend.
As for The Green Lantern imbroglio, Sony initially wanted to release The Green Hornet in March, but — after complaints from Green Lantern studio Warner Brothers — the MPAA ruled that two supehero movies titled The Green [Noun] could befuddle audiences. The studios agreed that the films would be released five months apart. The Green Lantern had already locked in its June release date, so The Green Hornet was pushed to Martin Luther King Day weekend. The $34 million is good news for The Green Hornet (it was the third best January opening ever), but the film's got a way to go to recoup its $120 million budget. [Yahoo/Reuters]
On his darkest day, Dan Evans at least had the good sense not to reach into Richard Gasquet's book of excuses. Notoriously, the Frenchman, eschewing any Gallic chivalry, tried to explain a positive test for cocaine in 2009 by claiming that he had exchanged several prolonged kisses with a Miami nightclub waitress referred to only as ‘Pamela'. Evans, true to his straight-talking Brummie nature, was nothing like so squirming, simply blaming his disgrace upon a “context completely unrelated to tennis”.
It is this extramural activity that has always been the problem for Evans. As he put it three years ago, with bracing candour: “I don't train hard enough or work hard enough – I'm obviously pretty bad at my job.”
He is an instinctive party animal, whose idea of knuckling down for his doubles match at Wimbledon in 2008 was to stop out in a local bar until 3am the night before. And yet despite the constant compulsion to hit the tiles, Evans marshalled the better parts of his character to break into the world's top 50. Now, in one senseless moment of stupidity, he has thrown all that good work away. His contrition on Friday appeared genuine, even if there were inescapable parallels with Maria Sharapova's disclosure of her own doping violation.
There is nothing like an antiseptic function room, clearly, to convey sackcloth and ashes on the confessor's part. Where Sharapova chose the LA Hotel Downtown, Evans plumped for the Novotel Hammersmith. Mercifully, he had the foresight to avoid dressing head to toe in shimmering black or making disobliging remarks about the carpet.
Life on the tennis hamster-wheel always seemed an inversion of the real Dan Evans. While he belatedly realised that he ought to put his talent to proper use, he often let slip that he hankered to let his hair down back in Solihull. In a Telegraph interview in 2014, he sounded as if the ascetic lifestyle of a top-rank player, interspersing monotonous training sessions with sparrow-sized portions of sushi, was making him thoroughly unhappy. “All I do is watch television and FaceTime my girlfriend,” he said.
View more!
But there was also a precious artlessness about him. For a start, he was not cut from starchy Home Counties tennis cloth, instead making his way as the son of an electrician and a nurse, pursuing tennis not because of family expectation but pure natural aptitude. He was also refreshingly connected to his roots. While his peers in the tennis stratosphere were perpetual wanderers, making their bed in Monaco or the Swiss cantons, Evans was a West Midlands boy to his bones. He lived there, had a partner there and, yes, did his fair share of socialising there.
It feels peculiar to be writing about Evans in the past tense. He is 27, not dead, although in the short term his career prospects might as well be. Quite apart from the doping suspension to be imposed, there is a real danger that British tennis will now seek to excommunicate him altogether.
The Lawn Tennis Association has withdrawn his funding over his out-of-hours antics before, and this bust for cocaine suggests a return to the caricature of Evans – the incorrigible wild child, the feckless tattooed renegade – that he has struggled to escape.
Dan Evans had worked hard to get his career back on track Credit: Getty Images
Disowning him, though, would be a mistake. Tennis in this country needs a working-class hero in the Evans mould, a figure who has made it to the upper echelons despite none of the traditional privileges, who has warded off the temptations of youth to be a serious international contender. There is no performance-enhancing motive at play here, which limits the reacceptance of Sharapova into the fold. Evans took cocaine in the same month that he competed in the Davis Cup against France. It was a staggeringly half-witted thing to do, but it was hardly likely to heighten his capacity to deal with Jérémy Chardy's backhand.
Look at Martina Hingis and one sees that there is the chance, further down the line, of a reprieve. The ‘Swiss Miss' had a metabolite of cocaine in her system in 2007, served a two-year ban, and was later inducted into the World Tennis Hall of Fame. Evans should pay a heavy penance but this need not be the end.
Does David Lemieux have any chance at all against Gennady Golovkin, rising star and devstating middleweight puncher? How many Pay-Per-View buys will the fight generate? Will the atmosphere in a packed Madison Square Garden affect the fight itself? These are relevant questions, and we'll address them all on this week's episode of Top Men Boxing Radio.
Not to be forgotten for an instant, on the HBO PPV undercard flyweight Roman "Chocolatito" Gonzalez, the man anointed the best fighter in the world "pound-for-pound" upon Floyd Mayweather's announced retirement, battles veteran Brian "The Hawaiian Punch" Viloria in another meeting that's sure to be explosive.
There were also a few surprises from last weekend that need to be addressed, like Terry Flanagan's destruction of Diego Magdaleno to retain his lightweight belt in Manchester, preceeded by Liam Smith's stoppage of John Thompson to claim a belt at junior middleweight. And in what might be the Knockout of the Year, Gabriel Bracero obliterated Danny O'Connor in front of the latter's hometown crowd. It was frightening.
As always, expect other odds and ends from James Foley of Bad Left Hook and Patrick Connor of The Fight City.
Remember to rate us on iTunes and like us on Facebook
On Twitter... James Foley: @JFoley81 - Patrick Connor: @PatrickMConnor
Thanks for tuning in!
Today's post was written by Kirk Koenigsbauer, corporate vice president for the Office team.
Today, during a global webcast from Microsoft headquarters, we announced that Microsoft Teams—the chat-based workspace in Office 365—is now generally available in 181 markets and in 19 languages. Since announcing the preview in November, more than 50,000 organizations have started using Microsoft Teams, including Accenture, Alaska Airlines, Cerner Corporation, ConocoPhillips, Deloitte, Expedia, J.B. Hunt, J. Walter Thompson, Hendrick Motorsports, Sage, Trek Bicycle and Three UK. We've also introduced more than 100 new features to deliver ongoing innovation and address top customer requests.
With more than 85 million active users, Office 365 empowers individuals, teams and entire organizations with the broadest and deepest toolkit for collaboration. Office 365 is designed to meet the unique workstyle of every group with purpose-built, integrated applications: Outlook for enterprise-grade email; SharePoint for intelligent content management; Yammer for networking across the organization; Skype for Business as the backbone for enterprise voice and video; and now, Microsoft Teams, the new chat-based workspace in Office 365.
Microsoft Teams—the chat-based workspace in Office 365
Microsoft Teams is a digital workspace built on four core promises: chat for today's teams, a hub for teamwork, customization options and security teams trust.
Chat for today's teams
Microsoft Teams provides a modern conversations experience, with threaded, persistent chat to keep everyone engaged. We've rolled out many new communication features since preview, including audio calling from mobile devices, plus video on Android, which is coming soon to iOS and Windows Phone. And we've addressed numerous customer requests, adding the ability to email a channel, including attachments, send messages with markdown-based formatting, and receive notifications about all posts in a channel.
Move a conversation from email into Microsoft Teams with rich formatting, including attachments.
Hub for teamwork
The Office 365 applications and services that people use every day—including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, SharePoint and Power BI*—are built into Microsoft Teams, giving people the information and tools they need. We've recently added support for open, public teams within an organization. We've also enhanced the meeting experience by adding scheduling capabilities, integrating free/busy calendar availability for team members, adding recurrence, and making it easier to transition from chat to high-quality voice and video.
Ad hoc and scheduled voice and video meetings right from within Microsoft Teams.
Customizable for every team
Every team is unique, so we've made it easy for teams to customize their workspace with Tabs, Connectors and Bots. More than 150 integrations are available or coming soon, including Bots from hipmunk, Growbot and ModuleQ. We're also partnering with SAP and Trello to build new integrations. SAP SuccessFactors will help employees and managers track goals and performance as part of the way they work in Microsoft Teams every day. Trello will empower teams to easily get projects done with boards, lists and cards right within Microsoft Teams. These partnerships let users bring important apps and services into Microsoft Teams, truly making it their own hub for teamwork.
New Bots help you to complete tasks within your conversations.
Security teams trust
Finally, Microsoft Teams is built on the Office 365 hyper-scale, enterprise-grade cloud, delivering the advanced security and compliance capabilities our customers expect. Microsoft Teams supports global standards, including SOC 1, SOC 2, EU Model Clauses, ISO27001 and HIPAA. We also added support for audit log search, eDiscovery and legal hold* for channels, chats and files as well as mobile application management with Microsoft Intune.* And starting today, Microsoft Teams is automatically provisioned within Office 365.
These security and compliance capabilities are critical for enterprise customers, but our responsibility at Microsoft goes beyond this. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. With that in mind, we're working to ensure every team member can participate, with new accessibility features, including support for screen readers, high contrast and keyboard-only navigation. This will enable Microsoft Teams to be more inclusive and tap into the collective brainpower and potential of every person.
Customers achieve more with Microsoft Teams
We're thrilled by the enthusiasm of customers like Trek Bicycle, who've built Microsoft Teams into the way they work every day.
“Across Trek's global teams, the integrated collection of Office 365 applications serves up a common toolset to collaboratively drive the business forward. We see Microsoft Teams as the project hub of Office 365 where everybody knows where to find the latest documents, notes and tasks, all in-line with team conversations for complete context. Teams is quickly becoming a key part of Trek's get-things-done-fast culture.”
—Laurie Koch, vice president of Global Customer Service at Trek Bicycle
Start using Microsoft Teams today
Moving forward, we'll provide a regular rhythm of new features and capabilities. For example, we are targeting to deliver guest access capabilities in June along with deeper integration with Outlook and a richer developer platform. Expect our pace to be rapid and responsive to customer needs.
Start using Microsoft Teams today.
To learn more about Microsoft Teams and how it works, join our Ask Us Anything session on the Microsoft Tech Community on March 22, 2017 at 9 a.m. PDT (UTC-8).
—Kirk Koenigsbauer
*Additional subscription may be required.
As Canucks fans prepare for the biggest party since the team joined the NHL four decades ago, authorities hope that whether the team wins or loses, the city will be safe tonight.
With at least 100,000 Canucks fans descending on downtown Vancouver for Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final, special precautions are being taken on a number of fronts.
“Hopefully, we can all celebrate a victory,” said Vancouver police spokesman Const. Lindsey Houghton.
But, he said: “There's always the potential for alcohol-fuelled violence.”
One Canucks fan got the party started downtown shortly after 10 a.m. today. Cars honked and people cheered as a young woman clad in Canucks gear waved a massive Canucks flag at the corner of Georgia and Hamilton.
Just across the street, more than 10 keen Canucks fans wait in line to enter the Library Square Public House, which opens at 11 a.m.
Private and government-run liquor stores in downtown Vancouver will close early at the request of the Ministry of Public Safety and Solicitor-General.
Houghton said police will continue their “meet and greet” policy of interacting with fans that was used to control crowds during the Olympics.
“We're a part of the crowd and we're part of the event,” Houghton said.
“It's way more fun, a much better experience, the night goes by quick and at the end of the day everybody's got stories to tell.”
Houghton stressed there has been a change in the party culture since the Olympics and said there is little reason to believe there will be a riot like the one that happened after the team's Game 7 defeat in 1994.
“That's not a road we're going down, the people we're seeing [downtown], they're in their early 20s and I think back in '94 those people were three or four years old,” Houghton said.
“It's a different atmosphere around here.”
Police from outside Vancouver also will be on hand to deal with the massive crowds, but Houghton wouldn't say how many reinforcements have been called in.
“Tens of thousands of people are coming here [from the suburbs] so that's why the [RCMP and police officers from around Metro Vancouver] are here to help us out because it's their own people.”
An increased fleet of buses, SeaBuses and SkyTrain cars will run later than usual to get people to and from the downtown core.
TransLink spokesman Drew Snider urged people to buy return tickets to avoid lineups at SkyTrain stations after the game. Portable fare boxes will be set up before the game at King George, Stadium and Vancouver Centre SkyTrain stations, and after the game at Stadium, Vancouver Centre and Granville stations. Exact fare is required. SkyTrain will run an hour later than usual, with the last departure from Waterfront station at 2:15 a.m. Snider warned that some access to SkyTrain stations may be restricted to manage the anticipated heavy crowds. Extra buses will be on standby in downtown Vancouver, Surrey and at Bridgeport Station until 3:30 a.m., while the SeaBus will operate three ferries from 3:30 p.m. until 2:20 a.m. Two of the ferries will run on the regular schedule while the third will be used to ease heavy crowds during the night.
Trump critics on Monday defended former Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice, after the mainstream news outlet Bloomberg View confirmed Mike Cernovich's bombshell report that she was responsible for unmasking the names of Trump aides incidentally caught up in surveillance.
Cernovich reported Sunday evening that Rice had requested the “unmasking” of incoming Trump officials, which refers to the identification of Americans incidentally caught up in surveillance of foreign targets.
The revelation, reported first by Cernovich Sunday evening, showed Rice, a member of the Obama administration, had viewed communications involving incoming Trump administration officials — albeit not “wire tapping” as Trump had specifically asserted.
Trump critics and former Obama NSC officials did not dispute the report, but argued that Rice did nothing “illegal.”
Trump administration officials have not argued that unmasking was “illegal,” only that leaking to media the identities of those unmasked was illegal, which happened to then-incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
4. Unmasking is also NOT ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL. This story is that Susan Rice was doing her job https://t.co/dSSVkpMaOv — Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) April 3, 2017
Some critics, including 2016 presidential candidate Evan McMullin , argued it was perfectly “valid” to request the unmasking in her job duties. A former organizer for Hillary Clinton said that Rice should be thanked.
This continues to be a sideshow story at best. There are plenty of valid reasons why Trump team members' names could have been unmasked. https://t.co/oq7NrJrJL3 — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) April 3, 2017
https://twitter.com/KaivanShroff/status/848868606255517696
Others, including a former Obama National Security Council official, attacked Cernovich:
Actually, @Cernovich got the "scoop." And PSA: his last "scoop" was Pizzagate. https://t.co/8aqIXVWpEj — Ned Price (@nedprice) April 3, 2017
Former Obama Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes — who talked about creating an “echo chamber” to help sell the Iran nuclear deal, retweeted his colleague's tweet, and said the revelation was to distract from Russia's help to Trump.
They will always try to make story of Russia interfering to help Trump about anything other than Russia interfering to help Trump. Wont work https://t.co/kAaZJiRBwU — Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) April 3, 2017
Navy Adm. Michael Rogers, director of the National Security Agency, testified during a hearing last month that unmasking would occur only if there is a “national security implication,” or if a “criminal activity” was being discussed.
Rice would have made any unmasking before she left office on January 20. But by then, Obama's Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told NBC News on March 5 that there was no evidence of any collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.
Still, Flynn's name and the contents of his conversation with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak — which were classified — were leaked to the Washington Post and published in a February 9 article.
And from non-conservative news outlets on the new Rice revelation, mostly silence.
Journaling the details of interesting conversations you find yourself a part of can pay huge dividends in the future. Not only will you accumulate a wealth of valuable knowledge and ideas but you get the added benefit of seeing patterns emerge as you collect more and more data.
Also, by writing things down you force the amorphous cloud of abstract thoughts floating around in your head into something coherent and useful. This process is difficult, but important if you want to move your theoretical ideas into the realm of practicality.
This practice can be especially useful in a business setting where the entire group involved with the conversation will benefit from your efforts. Sending a quick follow-up email after each meaningful conversation shows that you care and can help keep everyone on the same page.
February 15, 2014 — andyextance
In a sane world, the worldwide weather chaos that has engulfed the start of 2014 would be memorable. As the eastern US and Canada freeze in winter storms of ‘historical proportions' as far south as Texas, California remains parched and record temperatures have baked Alaska. As increasingly regular heatwaves scorch Australia, the UK is drowning under record rainfall and being battered by hurricane-force winds, with storms also felt elsewhere in Europe. Yet we may soon forget these dramas and have our attentions sucked in by a new set of meteorological monsters, if they're linked to changing climate. But are they? Though it's a murky question, if you look at it like sport, it's easier to get a feel for than you might think.
Even if you detest football (or soccer, if you prefer), you'll likely know that in sport the metaphorical playing field is often uneven. Take, for example, last Saturday's English Premier League match between Manchester City and Norwich City. The Manchester side is owned by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan, whose personal wealth is estimated at £20 billion, lavished happily on players for his club. The joint majority owner of the Norwich side is celebrity chef Delia Smith who, despite her success, doesn't quite have Sheikh Mansour's financial muscle.
The status difference can be seen in Manchester City's current lofty league position, and Norwich's place near the foot of the table. It was obvious last November, when Manchester City thumped Norwich 7-0. So even though last weekend's match was in Norwich, bookmakers knew Manchester City's chances of winning were good. Their odds rated a Manchester City win as nearly eight times as likely as a Norwich win, and nearly four times as likely as a draw. But with the unpredictability that gives sport its excitement, Norwich battled hard and kept their opponents from scoring, earning themselves a 0-0 draw.
Tilting the playing field in a new direction
This unlikely result is a bit like an ‘extreme weather event' (or as I like to call it after being out in a downpour, an EW! event). These things can happen and always have done, due to chance or ‘natural variability'. And like football odds, we can also work out the likeliness of extreme weather events happening. That's what Stefan Rahmstorf from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research did in 2011, doing some simple calculations from scratch.
In Stefan's work and in real life, when scientists started measuring weather, the first year by definition set new records in all areas. For a few years afterwards the likelihood of record-breaking conditions would have been quite high, as chance made some weather weirder than the original record. But then, reconstructing a stable climate where natural variability stays within the same limits, the chance of setting records gets progressively less.
Worldwide air temperature records today go back to 1880. On that basis the chance of setting new temperature records should be as slim as, if not slimmer than, the chances of Manchester City not beating Norwich City. But something's happening to change those odds. It's as if the Manchester City team decided to go out and get drunk the night before the game. They're still world-class players, it's quite possible that they could win when they're hung-over – and of course chance would still play a role. But what was previously unlikely is now more likely.
“The expected number of extremes is now several times larger than that in a stationary climate,” Stefan wrote in his 2011 paper. And though Stefan only looked at temperature records, warmer air can also hold more water and lead to records related to rainfall, both wet and dry. There is “an increasing body of evidence that shows that extreme daily rainfall rates are becoming more intense, and that the rate of increase is consistent with what is expected from the fundamental physics of a warming world,” the UK's Met Office wrote on Wednesday.
Go home weather, you're drunk
UK folk buffeted by rare hurricane force winds this week may also want to think about research done by a team from the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI). Last year they projected that once-in-a-century hurricane-force winds may become as much as 25 times as likely in parts of Western Europe at the end of the 21st century.
As even unlikely weather extremes are still technically possible without climate change, scientists struggle to say if there's definitely a link – though they're getting better at it. But if they're becoming more likely, do we need to ask this question? And does it matter whether they're linked to the melting Arctic, or changes in the jet stream? Isn't that a bit like trying to work out which player to blame for an unlikely Manchester City loss, when they'd all been down the pub?
This may be a light-hearted way to try and understand the mess we're in, but I've written it because the situation is so serious. People's homes and even lives are at stake, yet the world is in disarray over how to react. Much of the media still doesn't get the climate link. In the UK at least, politicians have been blaming each other and their civil servants rather than looking at the bigger picture.
Beyond personal harm, think too about what more damage like this will do to our economies. If we're paying to fix flood damage, where does that money come from? Do our schools, our other government-funded services suffer? We need so desperately to get a grip, there's no way to put this too simply. We know the atmosphere is drunk, because we've spiked it with CO2 from the fossil fuels we burn. Because of that the chances of previously unlikely events happening are higher. Now we need to recognise this, get past it, and figure out what to do about all the carnage it's causing.
Journal references:
Stefan Rahmstorf and, & Dim Coumou (2011). Increase of extreme events in a warming world proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences of the USA DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1101766108
Haarsma, R., Hazeleger, W., Severijns, C., de Vries, H., Sterl, A., Bintanja, R., van Oldenborgh, G., & van den Brink, H. (2013). More hurricanes to hit Western Europe due to global warming Geophysical Research Letters DOI: 10.1002/grl.50360
Advertisements
Talk about the EmDrive has been swirling around for some years and it's never far from controversy or rumor. Now, in the latest chapter of its strange story, Chinese scientists say they are making more and more progress on this "impossible engine".
The video (below) recently aired on the state-owned China Central Television (CCTV2). It appears to show an interview with Dr Chen Yue, one of China's leading researchers working on the EmDrive, and other engineers at the China Academy of Space Technology. Although most of the technicalities of the thruster are not discussed in the video, it reportedly mentions progress on their “reactionless” thruster.
The EmDrive is often dubbed the "impossible engine”. It's a proposed type of electromagnetic thruster that generates thrust without needing a propellant by bouncing microwaves around in a closed container. Unlike conventional engines that expel mass to produce thrust, the EmDrive uses only electricity to generate movement. Most controversially, that means it appears to be producing a reaction without the need for an action, violating Newton's third law.
For the purposes of space exploration, it could be an absolute game changer. Much of the cost of space exploration and satellites is the launching process. In theory, this method of propulsion holds the potential to reduce these overheads, have higher payloads, and a longer satellite lifespan. It also opens up the possibility of journeys to Mars in just 70 days. Nevertheless, these are huge promises and many critics still dismiss the EmDrive as “junk science”, claiming that something else must be acting as the propellant.
The reactionless thruster was originally hypothesized by British scientist Roger Shawyer in 2001. It has since been worked on by NASA engineers, with a peer-reviewed paper recently published on the science behind the engine. That was considered a huge step forward in the development of the hypothesized thruster. However, for the time being, China appears to be leading the way.
In December 2016, China's space agency claimed they were testing out an EmDrive in space on their Tiangong-2 satellite. Odd bits of information about China's work on the thruster pops up every so often in the Western media, however just like the EmDrive in general, many are skeptical about China's claims about their progress with the technology.
Illinois
Sonia Sotomayor, the “Wise Latina” of the Supreme Court, recently made some headlines in the mainstream press.
She gave a speech to the University of Chicago Law School in Illinois. There was a question and answer session with law students.
Sotomayor made some candid remarks about her thoughts on the topic of “racial justice.” She has kept a low profile since her confirmation hearings.
In particular, Sotomayor took issue with the old hat “civil rights” cause of “colorblindness.” She told the forum that our society is “too complex” to stop discriminating on the basis of race. That formula is “too simple” for her.
A week before, Sotomayor told students at Kansas State University that we still have “structural problems in the society that have to be addressed before we reach full equality. We can't live in a society where the poorest children are the poorest educated.”
In other words, Hispanic judicial activists like Sonia Sotomayor (who represent the “people of color”) must be allowed to discriminate against Whites in the name of “racial justice” to overcome “white privilege” and “structural racism” in the United States.
Sotomayor believes they have a license to do this until racial disparities in poverty and education are eliminated – which is to say, the discrimination against Whites will go on indefinitely, so long as people like her are on the Supreme Court.
If you want to know where this idea of “structural racism” originated, check out the Racism Review website. It is one of the most reliable anti-White hate sites on the internet. They blog about “systemic racism” and “structural racism” all the time there.
Racial discrimination against non-Whites is never “too simple” or “too complex” for the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department. It is never “too simple” or “too complex” for the New York Times either which wrote a glowing review of her speech.
If you feel that “racial justice” requires you to discriminate against Whites on the basis of race, you should send your resume to Barack Obama and Eric Holder. The Democratic Party ought to be able to find you some type of employment in the vast federal bureaucracy they have created with White taxpayer dollars.
Constructive Response
How do we respond to this?
We live in a society where Whites are discriminated against on the basis of race. Progressives on the Supreme Court and at the New York Times dump on White America from their perches at the pinnacles of law and journalism.
The response in the White Nationalist movement to Sonia Sotomayor will invariably come in two forms: “mainstreamer” and “vanguardist.”
This reflects the timeless division in American politics between “hotheads” and “cool heads.” The cooler heads must prevail.
I will articulate our position. I'm sure the hotheads will show up in the comments to share their point of view.
(1) The Democratic Party – The first observation to make is that the Democratic Party is the enemy of White America. Barack Obama, Sonia Sotomayor, and Elena Kagan all share the same mindset on this issue.
If we elect a Democratic president, we are going to get Supreme Court nominees in the mold of Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan who will rule in favor of the defense and expansion of affirmative action. We are also going to get ever more racial activists infesting the lower federal courts.
If we elect Democratic senators, a Democratic president has a greater chance at pushing through a more anti-White nominee. We got Sotomayor and Kagan because of the Democratic strength in the Senate.
There is nothing redeemable about the Democratic Party. No self respecting White man should ever vote for a Democrat.
If Whites in the Midwest would stop voting for the Democratic Party, as Whites in the South have largely done, that would be sufficient to deny them control of the White House and Senate.
The biggest targets for White Nationalists must be the “Blue Dog Democrats” like Jon Tester in Montana, Claire McCaskill in Missouri, and Jim Webb in Virginia who represent conservative leaning states.
The easiest way to stop another Sonia Sotomayor is to kick the Testers, McCaskills, Nelsons, and Webbs out of the Senate. They shouldn't be there anyway.
(2) Progressives – The anti-White coalition travels under an ideological label. They call themselves “progressives.”
Progressives are our enemies. We must name the enemy.
We aren't fighting the Jews alone. We are fighting a Jewish led coalition of Jews, SWPLs, blacks, Hispanics, and Asians. Jews alone don't have the electoral strength to control the government. They can only reach the government on the basis on their alliances with these other groups.
There is nothing redeemable about the “progressive movement” either. These people are the core of the opposition. They are the enemy camp.
(3) Lemmings – Ordinary people are not lemmings.
White people dislike affirmative action. They have banned affirmative action in Blue States like California, Washington, and Michigan. In the midterm elections, they banned affirmative action in Arizona.
The solution here is obvious: we need to position ourselves as the foremost enemies of affirmative action and as the champions of a popular cause. We can use this issue to build legitimacy and connect with a mass constituency.
We should use Sonia Sotomayor's remarks to polarize Whites against the Democratic Party and the progressive movement. They should also be used to delegitimize the mainstream media.
(4) Conservatives – Conservatives are a source of frequent abuse in the White Nationalist movement.
The vast majority of conservatives are opposed to affirmative action. The problem is not the conservative grassroots. It is the conservative leadership.
Like the Tea Party, we should present ourselves as conservatives with teeth, and invite a favorable comparison between us and the spineless, waffling moderates. Instead of attacking conservatives, which only turns them against us, we should attack their gelded leaders and replace them as the leaders of a mass constituency with a racial grievance.
(5) Republicans – While Democrats are our enemies, Republicans are not always our friends. We have eight years of George W. Bush in the rearview mirror.
I have repeatedly pointed out on this website that there are two wings of the Republican Party: the business wing, which is our enemy, and the populist conservative wing, which tends to side with us.
We should support the populist conservative wing and their efforts to knock off the pro-business Republicans like Sen. Robert Bennett in the primaries.
In 2008, the Republican Party nominated the hideous John McCain, who co-sponsored the McCain-Kennedy amnesty. The proper course of action was to vote third party or not to vote for McCain while supporting populist conservatives down ballot.
We can always block the worst Supreme Court nominees of a Democratic president in the Senate.
In 2008, I voted against John McCain, but I voted for Sen. Jeff Sessions in Alabama. He voted against Sotomayor's confirmation and led the opposition to the DREAM Act in the Senate.
(6) The System – We should work within the system to oppose affirmative action.
At the federal level, we should vote against Democrats and pro-business Republican moderates, while supporting Republicans who are opposed to affirmative action.
At the state level, we should follow the same plan, but we should make a strong push to ban affirmative action in other states. We have already banned affirmative action in California, Washington, Michigan, Nebraska, and Arizona.
White conservatives dislike affirmative action. White Nationalists need legitimacy and a mass constituency.
That's why White Nationalists should reinvent themselves as Hard Right conservatives to push for anti-affirmative action initiatives in the other 46 states.
This type of real world organizing, networking, and leadership can always be put to better use down the road. Once a people are set in motion, as we saw in Arizona or with the Civil Rights Movement, they will push on into more controversial territory.
(7) The States – I'm sure there will be people who respond to this post with comments to the effect that the federal government is lost to White Nationalists.
That might be the case.
Changing demographics might eventually put the federal government and federal courts out of reach, but that is still decades away. That doesn't mean our state and local governments are unreachable. The best initiatives on immigration are happening at the state level.
I have noted several times now that White Americans do not respond well to the illegitimate use of violence. The key point here being the legitimacy of the violent act.
Recall the War Between the States. How did the secessionists create the Confederacy? It wasn't through hiding out in bunkers in Appalachia and praying for the inevitable collapse of the system.
They captured control of state governments, positioned themselves as the champions of Southern Rights, split the Democratic Party along sectional lines, waited for an “overt act” (i.e., the election of Abraham Lincoln), and coordinated the secession of three states (South Carolina, Alabama, and Mississippi) to force other states to reconsider their loyalties.
Vanguardists fantasize about destroying the two-party system.
William Lowndes Yancey pulled it off at the 1860 Democratic National Convention. He worked within the system to destroy the system. He knew from decades of experience that was the only way it could ever be done.
Southerners would have never bolted the Union over slavery. Within the South, slavery was a divisive issue between slaveholders and non-slaveholders. There was a strong patriotic attachment to the Union among the non-slaveholding, yeoman farmer class.
The issue had to be framed as a choice between Black Republicanism and Southern Rights or between Alabama and the United States or between state's rights and consolidated government.
So what is the point of this analogy?
In our own times, several governors have flat out refused to enforce Obamacare, and 26 states have filed lawsuits in federal court to block the individual mandate. This is a step in the right direction.
Final Thought
There will never be a successful vanguardist revolution in this country launched in the name of an abstraction like the White Republic.
Ordinary people are attached to real communities. The only people who are addicted to substituting an abstract utopia for real communities are intellectuals. This is a common intellectual pathology found among all stripes of ideologues.
White people will only revolt and use violence to defend a Beavercleaverville, Idaho or a Charleston, South Carolina. They will only dissolve the Union when they are convinced that legitimacy and morality are on their side.
If you asked the typical Confederate soldier why he was fighting the Union Army against incredible material odds, he would have told you it was to keep the Yankees out of his hometown. Likewise, the typical Union soldier was fighting to hold to his nation together.
White people fight for their homes and families. They will fight against oppression and for glory and fortune.
We should work through the system to take back our country from the likes of Barack Obama and Sonia Sotomayor. Should we fail in that endeavor, we will be in a position to consider other solutions.
Advertisements
A physicist from the University of Campinas in Brazil isn't a big fan of the idea that time started with a so-called Big Bang.
Instead, Juliano César Silva Neves imagines a collapse followed by an expansion, one that could even still carry the scars of a previous timeline.
The idea itself isn't new, but Neves has used a fifty-year-old mathematical trick describing black holes to show how our Universe needn't have had such a compact start to existence.
At first glance, our Universe doesn't seem to have a lot in common with black holes. One is expanding space full of clumpy bits; the other is mass pulling at space so hard that even light has no hope of escape.
But at the heart of both lies a concept known as a singularity – a volume of energy so infinitely dense, we can't even begin to explain what's going on inside it.
"There are two kinds of singularity in the Universe," says Neves.
"One is the alleged cosmological singularity, or Big Bang. The other hides behind the event horizon of a black hole."
Taken a step further, some propose the Universe itself formed from a black hole in some other bubble of space-time.
No matter which kind we're talking about, singularities are zones where Einstein's general relativity goes blind and quantum mechanics struggles to take over.
Sci-fi writers might love them, but the impossible nature of singularities makes them a frustrating point of contention among physicists.
The problem is, if we rewind the expanding Universe, we get to a point where all of that mass and energy was concentrated in an infinitely dense point. And if we crunch the numbers on collapsing massive objects, we get the same kind of thing.
Singularities might break physics, but so far we haven't been able to rule them out.
On the other hand, some physicists think there's some wiggle room. Theoretically speaking, not all models of a black hole need a singularity to exist.
"There are no singularities in so-called regular black holes," says Neves.
In 1968, a physicist by the name of James Bardeen came up with a solution to the singularity problem.
He devised a way of mathematically describing black holes that did away with the need for a singularity somewhere beyond its event horizon, calling them 'regular black holes'.
The history and reasoning behind Bardeen's model is, well, super dense; but for a tl;dr version – he assumed that the mass at the heart of a black hole needn't be constant, but could be described using a function that depended on how far from its centre you were.
That means we can dust our hands of any stupid singularities, as mass still behaves as if it has volume. Even as it is still squeezed into a tight space.
Nef suggests we take Bardeen's work even further and apply it to that other annoying singularity – the cosmological variety that preceded the Big Bang.
By assuming the rate of the Universe's expansion depended not just on time, but its scale as well, he showed there was no need for a quantum leap out of a singularity into a dense, voluminous space 13.82 billion years ago.
So what happened instead?
"Eliminating the singularity or Big Bang brings back the bouncing Universe on to the theoretical stage of cosmology," says Neves.
This 'bouncing Universe' is actually a century-old idea that the expanding Universe as we experience it today is space bouncing back outwards after a previous contraction.
Though it's currently somewhat of a fringe concept in cosmology, Neves supports the view that traces of the pre-collapse Universe might have survived the Big Crunch. If so, finding those scars might help validate the hypothesis.
"This image of an eternal succession of universes with alternating expansion and contraction phases was called the cyclical Universe, which derives from bouncing cosmologies," says Neves.
Until we have solid observations, the bouncing Universe model will no doubt stay in the 'nice idea' basket.
Still, anything that solves the singularity problem deserves investigating. Neves's work is just one of a number of possible solutions that swaps around assumptions to eliminate the need for physics-breaking impossibilities.
It's a sticking point we'll need to solve sooner or later.
This research was published in General Relativity and Gravitation.
A Tool For Thought
As ClojureScript nears its fifth birthday I find myself reflecting on its suitability as a "tool for thought". Certainly reading the Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs nearly thirteen years ago painted an ideal image of Lisp as a truly interactive and tangible approach to computing. That experience eventually lead me to Clojure and later ClojureScript. Now that I use both for the day job, has that wonderful image of computing that Sussman & Abelson mapped out faded over the ensuing years?
Looking around we see many compelling new languages with a client story in the functional space especially of the typed variety. Some of these are truly new endeavors and others are simply old faces with JavaScript backends. Elm is notably exciting with its principled stance on simplicity and approachability while delivering on the benefits of static typing. Whatever your opinions of Scala, many programmers find it a comfortable train ride across the OOP / FP border and Scala.js means you can bring your experiences to the client. PureScript has a strong following in the Haskell community and of course if you really just want Haskell or OCaml on the client you have a few options as well.
But frankly I don't have any interest in any of these initiatives beyond that of the language geek. For me debugging and profiling, advanced optimization, IDE support, rich tooling across all desirable JavaScript targets are equally important considerations to weigh against static guarantees when choosing the programming language for clients.
Still I'm not a staunch defender of the dynamic nor the static stance and I think people with strong opinions either way are being more than a bit dishonest to themselves about the realities of industrial software development. Personally the thing I find most compelling about statically typed languages is that well designed ones give you a tool for thinking. As Simon Peyton Jones sez in Coders At Work, it's not about correctness it's about crispness.
As a Clojure(Script) programmer I would love to tap into that deep well of crispness somehow. Unfortunately idiomatic Clojure code presents many challenges to typing, just ask my buddy Ambrose Bonnaire-Sergeant.
As Clojurists we live in a sea of lists, symbols, maps, keywords, vectors, and sets and some of these structures represent data and others represent code. I think it's no small part of the attraction of Lisps that the use/mention distinction becomes at least slightly blurred. The problem as I think many of us can attest is when things get so blurry you lose your way. This isn't to say that you can't build big sophisticated programs in this way, for example, ClojureScript itself:
And while I'm sure Kent Dybvig is nodding as well, we shouldn't stop wondering if we can't the move the goal post a little bit closer.
I think clojure.spec moves that goal post a lot closer.
clojure.spec
In my humble opinion clojure.spec is the most VPRI-worthy feature Rich Hickey has shipped since delivering fast persistent data structures. Yes, yes you now have Schema like validations, but this is but the tip of an iceberg. clojure.spec takes Matt Might et. al. Parsing with Derivatives and really, really runs with it. By casting validation as fundamentally a parsing problem (computer science!), we get a wonderfully expressive language for crisply describing our Clojure programs without changing how we joyfully write them.
So instead of thinking about typical application domain examples, lets instead consider how we might spec our old friend let . Intuitively we know let must be made of some obvious basic parts:
( require ' [ cljs.spec :as s ]) ( s/def ::let ( s/cat :name '# { let } :bindings ::bindings :forms ( s/* ( constantly true ))))
Ah wishful thinking! How we adore thee. We know the first part of a let expression has to be the symbol let (Duh!), we're ignoring ::bindings for now, and we know that we'll have zero or more forms after the bindings. After some hammocking we give ::bindings a go —
( s/def ::bindings vector? )
Voila!
Let's try it:
( s/conform ::let ' ( let [ x 1 ] ( + x y ))) ;; {:name let, :bindings [x 1], :forms [(+ x y)]}
Shazam!
... hmm, actually not so fast.
( s/conform ::let ' ( let [ x 1 y ] ( + x y ))) ;; {:name let, :bindings [x 1 y], :forms [(+ x y)]}
Ugh. That's not right, :bindings must be an even number of forms:
( s/def ::bindings ( s/and vector? # ( -> % count even? )))
Let's try again:
( s/conform ::let ' ( let [ x 1 y ] ( + x y ))) ;; :cljs.spec/invalid
That's more like it but good tools for thinking should be a little bit more forthcoming:
( s/explain ::let ' ( let [ x 1 y ] ( + x y ))) ;; In: [1] val: [x 1 y] fails spec: ;; :cljs.user/bindings at: [:bindings] predicate: ;; (-> % count even?)
Nice.
( s/conform ::let ' ( let [ 1 y ] ( + x y ))) ;; {:name let, :bindings [1 y], :forms [(+ x y)]}
Ah we're not crisp enough yet. Let's make a ::binding spec to control what can appear in the vector:
( s/def ::binding ( s/cat :name symbol? :value ( constantly true )))
That looks right, now let's fix ::bindings to use it:
( s/def ::bindings ( s/and vector? # ( -> % count even? ) ( s/* ::binding )))
Now let's try it:
( s/conform ::let ' ( let [ y 1 ] ( + x y ))) ;; {:name let, :bindings [{:name y, :value 1}], :forms [(+ x y)]}
Yes I am trying to trick you into reimplementing ClojureScript from scratch.
Obviously we could go further but the above should suffice to show how much clojure.spec can help when thinking about the shape of the problem.
Conclusion
While the Clojurist loves to wax poetic about hammock driven development, Clojure(Script) the language did not offer much in the way of helping us really work through a design while sitting at a keyboard. Without belittling the power of pencil and paper, the whole point of a computer is to give us interactive ways of exploring our thoughts in ways that pencil and paper can't! So I think clojure.spec gives us a pretty damn nice hammock away from the hammock and I look forward to hearing more about it from the larger community.
Happy hacking!
Photo provided by Flickr user Alexis Fam permalink Screenshot image permalink Screenshot image permalink Photo provided by the Food Safety and Inspection Service permalink Photo provided by the Food Safety Inspection Service permalink
Authorities this month issued recall alerts affecting hundreds of thousands of pounds of food, including thousands of pounds of chicken contaminated with potentially deadly – and costly – bacteria.
Overall, recall notices from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service and Food and Drug Administration show that more than two dozen companies recalled slightly less than 280,000 pounds of food. While faulty labels triggered most of the recalls, listeria monocytogenes caused a handful, as well.
For more information also read the series: food recalls
Listeria monocytogenes is a pathogen that causes listeriosis, a serious infection that may lead to meningitis, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The infection, usually caused by eating contaminated food, affects more than 2,500 people a year.
On Oct. 8, the Food Safety and Inspection Service announced that Minnesota-based Buddy's Kitchen recalled more than 62,000 pounds of meat and poultry products because of a possible contamination with the dangerous bacteria. The specific products included different breakfast meals with turkey sausage links.
Affected products feature the establishment number “EST. 4226” or “P-4226” inside the USDA mark of inspection.
“Listeriosis can cause fever, muscle aches, headache, stiff neck confusion, loss of balance and convulsions sometimes preceded by diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms,” a news release on the recall stated.
The company sold the recalled poultry and meat to distributors, retail locations and airlines nationwide.
A recent cost estimate of foodborne illness compiled by the department of agriculture's Economic Research Service found that medical expenses and lost wages linked to listeria monocytogenes totaled at least $227 million last year.
The estimate noted, however, that the cost could have been as high as $7.6 billion.
FDA announces four other bacteria-related recalls
In addition to the major recall from the Food Safety and Inspection Service, the Food and Drug Administration announced that four companies issued recalls for products possibly contaminated with listeria monocytogenes, as well.
There were no recalls related to the bacteria last month.
“Listeriosis can cause fever, muscle aches, headache, stiff neck confusion, loss of balance and convulsions sometimes preceded by diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms."
Most of the products were distributed throughout southern states.
On Oct. 6, HAR Maspeth Corp. of New York recalled its 2-ounce and 4-ounce packages of Jinga “Pan Friend Anchovies” because of listeria monocytogenes. The products – which come in a clear plastic package marked with the expiration date Sept. 28, 2014 – were distributed throughout the country.
Investigators have linked at least one person's illness to the recalled products.
On Oct. 16, Oasis Brands Inc. of Florida recalled its “Lacteos Santa Martha” products with the expiration dates July 1 through Dec. 31 of this year, also because of listeria monocytogenes. Most of the products are lines of cheeses, such as “Queso Seco Centroamericano” and “Queso Seco Hondureno.”
The company distributed the products to stores in Florida, Georgia, Tennessee and North Carolina. Although a news release on the recall did not identify exactly how many people have gotten sick from the contaminated products, it stated that “FDA is investigating illness associated with the product.”
Oasis Brand issued a recall for listeria monocytogenes earlier in October, too.
On Oct. 12, SunBurst Foods of North Carolina recalled all of its marketed SunBurst, Fresh Bites and private-labeled products. The products – contaminated with listeria monocytogenes – range from bologna, cheeseburgers and various sandwiches, to pineapples, strawberries and watermelon.
Private labeled products include River Edge Farms, CFW, Southern Zest, CJ's Vending, Binford Street Deli, Middle Georgia Vendors, Roanoke Foods, Select Foods and Jesse Jones.
The company sold the recalled products to stores in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia and Georgia. Officials have not received any illness reports.
Visit the Food Safety and Inspection Service's website for recall information associated with meat, eggs and poultry. See the Food and Drug Administration's website for information on other recalls.
At 81, Feminist Gloria Steinem Finds Herself Free Of The 'Demands Of Gender'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Annie Leibovitz/Random House Annie Leibovitz/Random House
Gloria Steinem is 81 — a fact that the iconic women's movement leader describes as "quite bizarre."
"Eighty-one is an age that I think is someone else's age," Steinem tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross. "I stop people on the street and tell them how old I am, because I'm trying to make myself believe it."
But Steinem isn't unhappy about aging. The co-founder of Ms. magazine says that as she approached 60, she felt like she entered a new phase in life, free of the "demands of gender" that she faced from adolescence onward.
"Remember when you were 9 or 10 and you were this independent little girl climbing trees and saying, 'I know what I want, I know what I think'?" she says. "That was before gender descended for most of us."
"Ironically, I found by 60 you're free again. So you're the same person you were at 9 or 10, only now you have your own apartment, you can reach the light switch, you hopefully have a little money. So you can do what you want," Steinem explains.
For Steinem, doing what she wants means continuing to speak out about the political, social and economic barriers to women's rights. She cites violence against women and the fight for reproductive rights as two of the most important issues facing women today.
In her new memoir, My Life on the Road, Steinem looks back on her unconventional childhood, her decades-long career and her efforts to create a home for herself after spending much of her life on the road.
Interview Highlights
On becoming pregnant at 22, before abortion was legal
I had been doing all of the foolish things that we then did [to terminate a pregnancy], like riding horseback, throwing ourselves downstairs. ... I am the most cowardly person you can imagine, physically speaking, but I did [throw myself downstairs]. ... I was desperate. I really was desperate. I just knew that if I went home and married, which I would've had to do, it would be to the wrong person; it would be to a life that wasn't mine, that wasn't mine at all.
On what made her decide to start talking about her abortion
The amazing thing was that it took me so long. There were no women's movement. It was supposed to be a secret. Women didn't share in the same way. So it wasn't until many years later, after New York magazine had started, and I had gone to cover an abortion speak-out held in a church downtown in New York City and suddenly I heard other women standing up and talking about what it was like to have to go out and seek an illegal abortion. This was actually an alternate hearing to one that the New York State Legislature was holding on the liberalization of abortion law in New York state. This was before the Supreme Court ruling, and a group of early feminists had just said, "Wait a minute, in the Legislature they asked 14 men and one nun to testify" — you can't make this up — "let's hear from women who have actually had this experience."
So I sat there as a reporter for New York magazine, listening to women tell their stories that were tragic and ludicrous and every human emotion all wrapped into one, and suddenly I thought, "Wait a minute, I had an abortion." And actually 1 in 3 American women had needed an abortion at some time in her life, so why is this illegal and why is it dangerous? And it's the kind of revelation that comes from people just telling the truth and discovering you're not alone.
On the morality of abortion
It seems to me that every child has the right to be born loved and wanted, and every person has the right to control — male and female — to control their own bodies from the skin in.
It seems to me that every child has the right to be born loved and wanted, and every person has the right to control — male and female — to control their own bodies from the skin in. I think we need a legal principle called something like "bodily integrity" which recognizes that though the state may jail us, they can't insist on injections or tests or pressuring us for organ transplants. Our skin needs to be the line of defense between our own dignity and will and any outside force. ...
The definition of patriarchy is to be able to control reproduction, and that means you have to control women's bodies.
On the most pressing issues for women today
The most important issues are those to the women who are listening. I mean, it's not about dictating to each other what's important, but supporting each other in solving the ones that are in our daily lives. ...
If you add up, in terms of the numbers of people, I would say that competing for No. 1 would be violence against females worldwide. If you add up all the forms of violence, whether it's domestic violence in this country, which is at an enormously high rate — I mean, the most dangerous place for a woman in this country is her own home, and she's most likely to be beaten or killed by a man she knows — or it is FGM, female genital mutilation, or it is female infanticide, or honor killings or child marriage. ... But tied for first place is the ability of women to decide when and whether to have children, because that is a major cause of death, the lack of that ability. ... And it is also a major cause of inability to be educated or to be free outside the home or to be healthy. I would say those two concerns — sexualized violence against women and reproductive freedom or reproductive justice — are right up there in our focus in every country.
On creating a home for herself after many years on the road
I had buried in my head this idea that you only made a home for [a] husband and children. I didn't see a lot of women making a permanent home for themselves; I didn't think that way. And also, I was on the road, so I was always living out of suitcases and cardboard boxes when I was at home, and even though I now, to this day, live in the same apartment that I did then, it was more like a storage place than an apartment.
It was only after I was 50 that ... I began to make a home — a nest — for myself. And I take such pleasure in it. I think in general, as a culture, we tend to think there are two choices: settling down or traveling. And actually you need both. ... Birds need a nest and they still fly. It took me a while [to understand] that it wasn't either/or — it was both.
