President Obama's intrusion into the mourning community of Roseburg, Oregon, in order to promote his political crusade for stronger gun control laws, is part of a pattern of his using various other sites of shooting rampages in the past to promote this long-standing crusade of the political left.
The zealotry of gun control advocates might make some sense if they had any serious evidence that more restrictive gun control laws actually reduce gun crimes. But they seldom even discuss the issue in terms of empirical evidence.
Saving lives is serious business. But claiming to be saving lives and refusing to deal with evidence is a farce. Nor is the Second Amendment or the National Rifle Association the real issue, despite how much the media and the intelligentsia focus on them.
If there is hard evidence that stronger gun control laws actually reduce gun crimes in general or reduce murders in particular, the Second Amendment can be repealed, as other Amendments have been repealed. Constitutional Amendments exist to serve the people. People do not exist to be sacrificed to Constitutional Amendments.
But if hard evidence shows that restrictions on gun ownership lead to more gun crimes, rather than less, then the National Rifle Association's opposition to those restrictions makes sense, independently of the Second Amendment.
Since this all boils down to a question of hard evidence about plain facts, it is difficult to understand how gun control laws should have become such a heated and long-lasting controversy.
There is a huge amount of statistical evidence, just within the United States, since gun control laws are different in 50 different states and these laws have been changed over time in many of these states. There are mountains of data on what happens under restrictive laws and what happens when restrictions are lifted.
Statistics on murder are among the most widely available statistics, and among the most accurate, since no one ignores a dead body. With so many facts available from so many places and times, why is gun control still a heated issue? The short answer is that most gun control zealots do not even discuss the issue in terms of hard facts.
The zealots act as if they just know — somehow — that bullets will be flying hither and yon if you allow ordinary people to have guns. Among the many facts this ignores is that gun sales were going up by the millions in late 20th century America, and the murder rate was going down at the same time.
Among the other facts that gun control zealots consistently ignore are data on how many lives are saved each year by a defensive use of guns. This seldom requires actually shooting. Just pointing a loaded gun at an assailant is usually enough to get him to back off, often in some haste.
There have been books and articles based on voluminous statistics, including statistics comparing gun laws and gun crime rates in different countries, such as Guns and Violence by Professor Joyce Lee Malcolm of George Mason University. Seldom do these factual studies back up what the gun control zealots are saying.
Why would an ultimately factual question about the consequences of gun control laws divide people along ideological lines? Only if at least one set of people were more devoted to their vision than to the facts.
This shows up when gun control zealots are asked whether whatever new law they propose would have prevented the shooting rampage that they are using as a stage from which to propose a new clampdown on gun ownership. Almost always, the new law being proposed would not have made the slightest difference. That too is part of the farce. A deadly farce.
So is the automatic assertion that whoever engaged in a shooting rampage was a madman. Yet these supposedly crazy shooters are usually rational enough to choose some "gun-free zone" for their murderous attacks. They seem more rational than gun control zealots who keep creating more "gun-free zones."
Gun control zealots are almost always people who are lenient toward criminals, while they are determined to crack down on law-abiding citizens who want to be able to defend themselves and their loved ones.
Thomas Sowell is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305. His website is www.tsowell.com. To find out more about Thomas Sowell and read features by other Creators Syndicate columnists and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2015 CREATORS.COM
Related article:
The "Gun Control" Farce: Part II
Today you may have felt a slight aftershock from a downright seismic shift over in console land. You know that Titanfall man/robo-shoot/parkour everyone (including yourself) can't stop making enthusiastic word-gurgles about? Well, it's no longer a timed Xbox exclusive. Now it'll always stomp around in Microsoft's impossibly green pastures, and Sony will just have to hope the numerically confused giant doesn't lock down a potential sequel as well. But what about little old us? Are we out of luck as well? Turns out, nope, we're a-okay. I got in touch with Respawn in fear of potential delays and arbitrary requirements for Titanfall's PC version, and the developer quickly put my worries to rest.
Respawn's Abbie Heppe told RPS that a major shakeup on the console side won't have any effect on Titanfall's PC prospects. She wrote: “Titanfall is releasing simultaneously for XB1, 360, and PC. It does not require Windows 8 on PC.”
So, despite Microsoft's dodgy history and propensity for worrisome words in this area, Titanfall won't be suffering in the slightest. Hurrah!
Titanfall, then, will be unfortunately un-helmeted heads (and, by virtue of that, into our lives) on March 13th, 2014. It recently stole this year's Eurogamer Expo, which is a shame because those are expensive and hard to replace. I suppose I can forgive it, though, because ours is a world where exciting triple-A games are few and far-between. Also, it's promised it will return Eurogamer Expo soon, and it's sent over pictures that seem to indicate Eurogamer Expo is even having a fairly nice time.
NBA star Steph Curry (left) says he has the same "creative style" as Barcelona's Lionel Messi
NBA star Steph Curry has revealed he is a big fan of Lionel Messi and has likened his playing style to that of the Barcelona striker.
Curry is the league's Most Valuable Player and has helped the Golden State Warriors set a record for the longest unbeaten start in NBA history.
The point guard believes he has the same "creative flair" as four-time world footballer of the year Messi, 28.
"I love watching him play," Curry, 27, told BBC World Service.
Earlier this year, Curry broke the NBA's three-pointer record by landing 286 in the regular season - surpassing his own record of 272.
He scored 24 points against the Lakers on Tuesday to extend the Warriors' unbeaten run to 16.
Messi, meanwhile, is Barcelona's all-time top scorer with 448 goals, and holds the record for the most La Liga goals scored in a season (50).
"We both have a creative style, where it's just about a feel when you're out on the pitch or the court," Curry said.
"I try to do some fancy things out there with both hands, making crossover moves and kind of having a certain creativity and flair to my game.
"And that's definitely the style that Messi has when he's out there in his matches."
(NASA) – Since its discovery by Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens in 1655, Saturn's most massive moon, Titan, has been known as a place of mystery and intrigue. The large, cloud-enshrouded moon is such a scientific enigma that for the past five years, it has been targeted by NASAs Cassini spacecraft with more than 60 probing flybys. One of its latest findings could be a valuable asset to future generations of space explorers hunting for materials to whip up a Labor Day barbecue.
“Titan's atmosphere is extremely rich in an assortment of hydrocarbon chemicals, including propane, which we use to fill our barbecue tanks,” said Cassini scientist Conor Nixon of the University of Maryland, College Park. “Titan's atmospheric inventory would fuel about 150 billion barbecue cookouts, enough for several thousand years of Labor Days.”
For those who are burger, barbecue or Titan challenged, propane is a three-carbon alkane (a chemical compound consisting of carbon and hydrogen), that is non-toxic and heavier than air. With its low boiling point of minus 43.6 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 42 degrees Centigrade), propane vaporizes as soon as it is released from its pressurized container. Here on Earth, propane is commonly used as a fuel for forklifts, flamethrowers, residential central heating, portable stoves, hot air balloons, and – of course – barbecues. On other worlds propane is an untapped resource.
This gas of many terrestrial uses was first discovered in Titan's atmosphere back in 1980 when NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft flew past the Saturnian system. Over the years, both ground and space-based instruments have added to the research, but accurately quantifying the amount of propane on Titan has proved elusive. Then, in 2004, the Cassini spacecraft entered orbit around Saturn.
Measuring the amount of propane on Titan is important to scientists because the gas is a very complex molecule, and its signature in the infrared spectrum is close to those of several molecules scientists are hoping to discover in Titan's atmosphere.
“It was not so much that measuring propane was our endgame, but it helps enormously in our hunt for other complex molecules,” said Nixon. “These include pyrimidines that are potential building blocks for biological molecules, such as the nuceleobases of our DNA.” If we can detect them on Titan, that would be very significant.”
Propane on Titan was measured using data from Cassini's Composite Infrared Spectrometer instrument. During multiple flybys of the moon between June 2004 and June 2008, the instrument measured infrared light from the edge of Titan's atmosphere. After a detailed analysis of the gas's characteristic ‘emission bands' or signature, using computer predictions backed by the latest laboratory research into its infrared spectrum, the Composite Infrared Spectrometer team came up with an estimate of the amount of propane in Titan's atmosphere So exactly how much propane does it take to fire 150 billion cookouts?
“We estimate there are nearly 700 million barrels of propane on Titan, said Nixon. “That is enough to fill six-billion 20-pound tanks of liquefied propane gas. It sounds like a huge amount, but that would satisfy total U.S. consumption of propane for only 18 months.”
Which still leaves, with regards to Saturn's biggest moon, one Labor Day staple still to be determined. How many hamburgers could future generations of outer-planet explorers grill using Titan's atmospheric propane?
“A dozen at a time, that's two trillion hamburgers,” said Cassini's Nixon, “assuming you stop at medium-well.”
Nixon is the lead author on a paper about propane on Titan to be published in an upcoming issue of Planetary and Space Science.
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Cassini orbiter was designed, developed and assembled at JPL. JPL manages the mission for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington. Cassini's Composite Infrared Spectrometer team is based at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md.
Affiliate Links
One day not so long ago, I decided that I desperately needed a white/nude cream base for my eyeshadows. There was a reason for it at the time but at this point I have no freaking clue why I wanted one so badly. I've already tried NYX Milk and the white NYX eyeshadow base without much success (crease city with both of them, no matter how little I used) so I ventured out into the online wilderness to see if there were any options from higher-end brands. And I tell you what, there's not a lot top pick from if you want something with no shimmer in it. After much hemming and hawing, I settled on Bobbi Brown Long Wear Cream Eyeshadow in Bone.
Packaging
The cream eyeshadow comes in small glass pot that has a square base and a round lid. I think that's sort of an odd choice aesthetically, but it does give you something to grab onto so it's easier to open. All the pieces are sturdy so it doesn't feel like the lid will crack if you tighten it down too much in an effort to keep it from drying out. I unintentionally did a drop test with this one and it passed with flying colors (no, literally, it flew about halfway across the room before it landed). The one thing I'm not so thrilled about is the mouth of the jar. I think the best tool for applying this shadow is a standard-issue finger (more on that in a minute), and that'll work just fine – until the product starts getting used up. The opening isn't very wide, so after a certain point you'll need to use either a brush or the tip of your finger to get the product out. That'll be a tricky prospect if I ever manage to get my nails to grow out again, but I guess I'll deal with that problem when I come to it. I suppose they were trying to minimize the surface area that could get exposed to air, but anything that makes accessing the product more difficult is a bad design move, in my humble opinion. Aside from that, the jar is just the tiniest hair too thick for a slim Muji drawer. Technically it fits, but the lid can catch on the bottom of the next drawer and cause both to pull out when you open one. End result here being that I have to store this in a deeper drawer, separate from my other cream shadows (#FWP).
Color
Bone is a nice color for an eyeshadow base. It's described as an off-white, which is pretty accurate if you build it up. It goes on a bit sheer but builds up pretty easily – see the first photo in this section for an example of one layer vs three layers. Depending on how much of your own skin color you let show through, I think this shade could look good on a lot of people. It would be close to invisible on very light skin, though, and I can easily imagine it looking chalky on very dark skin. Just as I was hoping, the finish is totally matte. It's a really nice lid color for a natural look, if you're wearing it on its own.
I rummaged through my collection to see if I had similar shades in powder shadows and surprisingly, I didn't see much that was all that close. I sometimes use Buff from Lorac Pro 2 and Laura Mercier Vanilla Nuts as powder base colors though, so I pulled them out to compare. Against those two, Bone looks almost pink. Buff is more yellow, and Vanilla Nuts has more of a beige cast.
Application, Texture & Wear
This. This is where it all goes wrong. A tricksy beast, this one is. The shadow feels nice and creamy in the pot, but it starts to set so fast that it's difficult to apply evenly. I started off with a flat synthetic brush for it (same as I do with my other cream shadows) but it was very hard to get an even layer. Using my fingertip and patting the shadow on works much better. Even then, it's a good thing this is so close to my skin color, because the edges are literally impossible to blend with a brush – I have to sort of feather it out with my finger, if that makes any sense. When used over primer it looks fairly dry and chalky, but lasts all day with no problems. It looks much smoother on unprimed lids, but the one time I tried that it creased so badly that by lunchtime the only part of it left was what's on my visible lid when my eyes are open. That probably has more to do with my oily lids than the shadow, but the point is it's difficult for me to wear on its own.
But, I got this with no intention to use it as a standalone eyeshadow color, so how about as a base? Nope. True, it does make most powder shadows show up with a more intense, true-to-pan color, but functionally it makes them a huge pain in the ass to work with. Matte powder shadows will hardly stick to my lids at all when I'm using this as a base – shadows that I normally love for their pigmentation. Every powder shadow I've tried over this also magically became nearly impossible to blend unless I used a stiff domed brush.
Long story short, I'm really grasping for ways I can successfully use this. Maybe it would work as a waterline brightener if I use a teeny-tiny brush? Haven't tried that yet.
Tech Specs
Price: $26
Product Weight: .12oz/3.5g
Formula: Cream
Packaging: Pot
In Short: I was really excited about this and prepared to love it, but it just doesn't do any of the things I wanted it to. I'm pretty sure it's getting returned.
Bobbi Brown Long Wear Cream Eyeshadow ($26) is available at nordstrom.com
Calling it a sickness to this world, members of the formless 'hacktivist' group of computer programmers known as Anonymous declared war on religion on Friday, March 2, hacking the websites of three Christian organizations all based in and around Charlotte, North Carolina. The homepages for Bethel Outreach International Church, Charlotte International Church, and Crossfire Ministries were all replaced with the 30-minute long YouTube video, Richard Dawkins: An Atheist's Call to Arms, and an informal declaration of war, with the title, religion sucks lol [laugh out loud].
The attack was announced by Twitter account @AnonymousIRC to its 276,783 followers. IRC (Internet Relay Chat) is one of the several online social platforms that Anonymous uses to congregate and make plans, along with Facebook and Twitter. The first tweet, sent out at around 10 am EST read, http://www.betheloic.org HACKED Reason:religious idiocy and foh dah lulz #Anonymous #AntiSec #OWS #ROOTED #DAWKINS. WRITER'S TRANSLATION: The website www.betheloic.org has been hacked. The reason being the idociy of religion and because attacking them makes us laugh. Two tweets followed moments later with the same message, except for the name of the website that Anonymous had hacked, most likely with a proxy DDoS spam attack.
The video that Anonymous posted on each hacked site is a 31-minute speech by famous atheist Richard Dawkins, in which he told his fellow atheists not to hide their beliefs, and to fight against the incursion of religion into politics and education.
This Friday's attacks are a continuation of Anonymous hacktivist's plan to launch online attacks against their perceived enemies once a week. Last Friday, Anonymous hackers took down several FBI affiliated website, including the Dayton, Ohio branch of InfraGard.
Anonymous also declared war on America in a YouTube video earlier this week, calling on US citizens to rise up against their government, although nothing much has come of this hyperbole so far.
The full text (some expletive words have been censored) that Anonymous posted reads:
Greetings fellow pirates, hey there religionf-gs! Guess what? U dun goofed! We rm'd you and your gods and saints neither't protected you nor cast some awesome thunderbolt onto us.
Let us be clear from the start: any kind of religion is a sickness to this world. A sickness that creates hate and intolerance, a sickness that brings people to wage war on their fellow people, a sickness that has come to this world long time ago, when mankind wasn't educated, a sickness that brought false hope and suppression to those who believed and often even more terror and suppression to those who dared not to believe. Religions are authoritarian hierarchies, designed to dominate your free will. Religions are mind control. They're power structures that aim to convince you to give away your power for the benefit of those who enjoy dominating people. When you subscribe to a religion, you enroll in a mindless minion training program. Religions don't market themselves as such, but this is essentially how they operate. In case you ever wondered why religious teachings are invariably mysterious, confusing, and incongruent? This is no accident - it's intentional.
We see religion pretty much the same way as we see many governments. Fear mongering and making lots of money, so a small group of ppl will become insanely rich, while the believing masses can eat dirt .As long as they are afraid that omgomg god will come and strike great vengeance upon me all is good.
To quote Encyclopedia Dramatica (bringing you answers to life, the universe and everything since last Thursday) on this issue:
»Religion is a severe mental illness created over 9000 years ago, at the same time as the Earth. Since then, religion has been one of the biggest sources of drama, f----try, and unwarranted self-importance in the world today, secondary only to the internet. It is responsible for such insanity as Christf-gs believing that beating someone half to death with a 2,000 year old book will heal them and Muslims believing that if they blow themselves up they will get 72 virgins. Even atheists are not immune to the psychotomimetic effects of religion; the mere mention of religion is enough to send any atheist into hours of butthurt sh-tfits.«
So people of the world, don't let religion control your life. Don't fight against each other for contrary beliefs. This world and our life can be a wonderful adventure, where you have the unique chance to help mankind and your fellow citizens. Where we can all work together to make this earth a better place for ourselves, our children and all those generations who will come after us. ^(;,;)^
What are some of the most disgusting words in the English language? Everyone has the ones that make them cringe or just feel outright unwell, but here are ten of the absolutely most disgusting that even Hulk Hogan wouldn't dare utter.
Weekly Word Challenge
Now that you've managed to battle your way through those ten horrific words, how about you make the most of them and try to work them into some beautiful prose?
Here they are:
1) suppurating
2) seepage
3) smear
4) phlegm
5) viscous
6) pustule
7) gurgle
8) bulbous
9) jowls
10) moist
Your challenge is simple: incorporate 5+ of these words into a piece of writing and send them to [email protected] and we will publish the ones we love. You can submit a satirical article, poem, short story or anything that you think is creative enough for us to take notice.
This should be a lot of fun. We will stop considering submissions by the 14th of August after which we will start a new Weekly Word Challenge.
China's foreign ministry has denied reports that Chinese food companies are canning human flesh and selling it in Africa as corned beef.
The country's state-run Xinhua news agency said one tabloid newspaper in Zambia was falsely quoting an unnamed woman living in China.
She said Chinese firms were collecting dead human bodies, marinating them and packing them in tins.
Chinese spokesman Hong Lei said the reports were "irresponsible".
The Chinese Ambassador to Zambia, Yang Youming, said the reports were aimed at destroying the long-standing partnership between the two countries.
"Today a local tabloid newspaper is openly spreading a rumour, claiming that the Chinese use human meat to make corned beef and sell it to Africa.
"This is a malicious slandering and vilification which is absolutely unacceptable to us.
"We hereby express our utmost anger and the strongest condemnation over such an act."
The photos supposedly showing dead bodies are actually from a marketing stunt from 2012 for the video game Resident Evil 6.
A butchers selling fake "human meat" was set up at London's Smithfield Market and the same pictures have appeared in Zambia this week.
Zambia's Deputy Defence Minister Christopher Mulenga says his government will launch an investigation into the reports.
"The government of Zambia regrets the incident in view of the warm relations that exist between Zambia and China," he said.
"We shall make sure that relevant government authorities will take up the investigations and give a comprehensive statement."
Zambia has a large community of Chinese immigrants who've built successful businesses in the retail and construction industries.
China is also a key importer of Zambia's main export, copper, and has invested considerable amounts of cash into the country's mining industry.
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
“Death cafes have already had a tremendous impact, which is why we are very excited about plans to open a Death Cafe in London.” Claire Henry, Chief Executive of the National Council for Palliative Care and the Dying Matters Coalition “There should be spaces like this in every major city. I can't wait to visit when you open.” Caitlin Doughty, founder of the Order of the Good Death “I cannot imagine a more timely, useful, and important venture than Death Cafe London …. ‘Come to terms with death,' wrote Albert Camus, ‘thereafter, anything is possible.' Death Cafe London will surely help make this possible, by fostering personal growth and social progress.” Sheldon Solomon, co-author of The Worm at the Core: On the Role of Death in Life “This is exactly the right initiative at exactly the right time.” Charles Cowling, Good Funeral Guide
A home for Death Cafe!
Join us in our quest to provide the worldwide Death Cafe movement with a base in London.
In the four years since it was founded, Death Cafe has turned from an idea into a movement which has snowballed internationally.
To date there have been over 2,400 Death Cafes held in 32 countries, run by willing volunteers. Every day, on average, three Death Cafes are held somewhere in the world.
Now is the time to give it a home in the city in which it originated.
What is Death Cafe London?
Death Cafe London will be a coffee shop and events venue in Central London, established to encourage people to talk about death.
The overall objective of Death Cafe London is: “to increase awareness of death with a view to helping people make the most of their (finite) lives.”
Coming to Death Cafe London will be a special experience. People will have the opportunity to discuss death whilst we provide them with great coffee and fabulous cake.
The environment will be designed to be welcoming, inviting and flexible and every effort will be made to ensure it is an accessible, respectful and confidential space.
People will engage with the space by either casual visits, alone or with friends, or by coming for a specific event. There will be no intention to lead people to any conclusion, product or course of action.
Why set up Death Cafe London?
Death is something that affects us all but we do tend not to talk about it.
This has implications for the way we die with 60% dying without a will and 81% of us not having written down funeral wishes.
Not talking about dying can also impact on the way we live in terms of our mental health, perspective on our life and the choices we make.
Certainly not everyone wants to talk about death. However we have found that a large number of people, on some occasions do want to talk about death.
What is more, we have found that talking about dying can even be enjoyable as well as useful and illuminating.
We are proposing to establish Death Cafe London as a dedicated place to have these important conversations.
Press coverage
Death Cafe London has already received significant media coverage, getting more people talking about death in the process:
Dazed and Confused - A Death Cafe is set to open in London
Paper Magazine - A Death Cafe may be setting up in Central London
What sort of organisation is Death Cafe London?
Death Cafe London is a social enterprise and we aim to have a large, inclusive and international membership. Its legal form is a Community Benefit Society, registered with the Financial Conduct Authority.
Anyone may join the society, and membership is conferred by the purchase of one share. This type of legal structure is unique in that the control of the society is via one vote per member rather than one vote per share.
We chose this legal form as its non-hierarchical, democratic structure fits with Death Cafe's mission of inclusion and member participation.
The board is made up of:
Jon Underwood, secretary & executive director, founder of Death Cafe, 7 years management experience
Zoe Samudzi , social psychologist focusing in critical race theory and gender and structural violences
Jools Barsky, Brand consultant, Barsky Goldberg Brand Strategy
Laura-Jane Smith, Respiratory Registrar working in the NHS in London
Bill Palmer, consultant specialising in coaching and organisational development, Death Cafe organiser
Megan Mooney, hospice social worker, Death Cafe organiser
Lizzy Miles, MA, MSW, LSW, thanatologist, hospice advocate, death cafe host and mentor
Will Death Cafe London be open to everyone?
We believe that nothing brings out our shared humanity as much as death. As such, this public venue dedicated to talking about death will foster empathy and understanding between diverse groups.
Focusing on death also brings a requirement to acknowledge uncomfortable truths about society including racism, misogeny, ableism, homophobia and transphobia. Death Cafe London is committed to enabling all people - especially those with marginalised identities - to buy shares in, work at, use and shape the venture.
Share offer details
Please see the share offer document and business plan below for full details.
The minimum investment is £50, which is the price of one share.
You must be 16 or over to hold shares in your name. You can invest anything from £50 to £60,000.
Whatever your investment, you will be part-owner of this exciting venture – and your commitment will be welcome and appreciated.
We anticipate that these shares will qualify for SEIS / EIS tax relief for UK taxpayers, so you may be able to afford more than you originally thought.
SEIS relief of 50% can only apply to the first £150,000 raised in this share offer. A second tranche of shares may then be issued, eligible for EIS tax relief (30%). The first subscribers (who are UK taxpayers) to Death Cafe London should be able to apply for the higher relief.
You are buying shares in the Inclusive Community Cafe London, a Community Benefit Society (CBS) registered with the FCA (reg. no. 7072) and trading as Death Cafe London.
Next steps
Become an investor! Pledge your investment now to become part owner of this fantastic venture.
Please see our Business Plan and Share Offer document below for full details of what we are proposing.
If you don't wish to purchase shares then please donate to help make this vision a reality.
Important Documents
Risk Warning Funding pitches through Crowdfunder.co.uk carries some risk. There is no guarantee for members making donations that any reward offered will be delivered. Equally, when members invest in community shares the capital they invest is at risk and they may not get back what they put in. Rewards based crowdfunding and the sale of community shares are not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Click here to read more about the risks
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
This is the moment a young woman was allegedly subjected to "Islamophobic" abuse as she tried to buy sweets in a west London newsagent.
Ahlam Saed, 25, who wears a gown and face veil, went into a corner shop on Saturday to buy some Starburst when a man mocked her outfit in front of his two children.
She started filming after he called her “Batman”, in reference to her covered face, and hummed the superhero's theme tune at the shop in Uxbridge Road, Shepherd's Bush.
In the video, the man says: “My kids can't even see your face, who the f*** are you? Are you a man or woman?”
He adds “This is a Christian country. Christian, western world” and also rambles about a Muslim couple with “photos of an Isis flag” displayed on their house.
Ms Saed, from west London, said she became “petrified” as he grew increasingly irate after she confronted him and called him "ignorant". He was filmed threatening to "knock out" and "batter" a man who tried to intervene, as the incident exploded into a four-way row in the shop.
But Ms Saed said she was determined to stand her ground and film the man to show others the abuse Muslims are sometimes faced with in London.
“I only wanted to get a packet of Starburst,” she said.
“I walked in and he decided to call me Batman and started singing the theme tune.
“I could not ignore him, that's why I decided to get my phone out, because I have had this abuse before in a pound shop [from someone else].
“I had to stand my ground, I didn't want him to think he could continue hurling abuse.”
Ms Saed said she was wearing a long brown gown known as a jilbab, a niqab veil over her face, and trainers.
The 25-year-old started wearing a face veil about four years ago and is the only person in her family to do so.
“My parents don't want me to wear it because they fear for my safety,” she said.
“But why should I take it off because of other people's opinions? It's my choice.”
She added that she has faced more abuse in recent months than ever before, including from a man who accused her of being "strapped" with a bomb in a pound shop, and has become reluctant to use public transport.
"It's getting worse since the Brussels and Paris attacks," she said.
NEW YORK (AP) — An American flag raised at ground zero on Sept. 11 in a defining moment of patriotic resolve took its place at the site Thursday after disappearing for over a decade.
The 3-foot-by-5-foot flag took a symbolic and curious journey from a yacht moored in lower Manhattan to the smoking wreckage of the World Trade Center, then to a firehouse about 2,400 miles away in Everett, Washington — and now to a glass case at the National Sept. 11 Museum. A TV show, a mysterious man and two years of detective work helped re-establish its whereabouts.
“In a museum that's filled with such deeply powerful artifacts, this newest of artifacts is certainly one of the most emotionally and historically powerful,” museum President Joe Daniels said as the display was unveiled Thursday, three days before the 15th anniversary of the terror attacks.
The flag's absence, he said, “just felt like a hole in the history of this site.”
The flag is the centerpiece of one of the most resonant images of American fortitude on 9/11. After plucking the flag from a nearby boat, three firefighters hoisted it amid the ashen destruction as photographer Thomas E. Franklin of The Record of Hackensack, New Jersey, captured the scene. The Pulitzer Prize-winning picture inspired a postage stamp, sculpture and other tributes.
Meanwhile, the flag was signed by New York's governor and two mayors and flown at Yankee Stadium, outside City Hall and on an aircraft carrier near Afghanistan — except it wasn't the right flag. It was bigger, and by 2004, the yacht's owners had publicly broached the error.
By then, officials had no idea what had happened to the real flag.
They were in the dark until November 2014, when a man turned up at an Everett fire station with what is now the museum's flag, saying he'd seen a recent History channel piece about the mystery, according to Everett Police Detective Mike Atwood and his former colleague Jim Massingale.
The man, who gave firefighters only the name “Brian,” said he'd gotten it as a gift from an unnamed National Atmospheric and Oceanic Administration worker who'd gotten it from an unidentified 9/11 widow.
The detectives gathered surveillance video and circulated a police sketch, but they haven't found the man or been able to confirm his explanation of the flag's provenance. DNA tests of material found on electrical tape wrapped around the flag's halyard didn't match the firefighters or other people known to have handled the flag.
But a forensic expert analyzed dust on the flag and halyard and found it consistent with ground zero debris. Meanwhile, the detectives scrutinized photos and videos of the flag-raising and consulted one of the yacht's former crew members to compare the flag's size, material, stitching, hardware and halyard.
Taking all the evidence together, “we feel it's very likely the one captured in the photo,” said Massingale, now with the Stillaguamish Police Department on the Stillaguamish Tribe's reservation in Washington.
The yacht's owners, Shirley Dreifus and the late Spiros E. Kopelakis, were so surprised when first told the flag might have resurfaced that Kopelakis wondered whether the call was a prank, Dreifus said. She and Chubb insurance donated the flag to the museum.
A documentary about the flag's recovery airs Sunday on History.
___
Reach Jennifer Peltz on Twitter @jennpeltz.
It is incredibly frustrating to see American after American say that Barack Obama is not a Christian. This sign from a church in Texas has been getting a lot of attention today:
0
The only way I can make sense of such statements is to conclude that many Americans are deeply confused about what a Christian is. They have listened to the voices of politicians and self-proclaimed pundits who have raised a Christian flag and hoodwinked many Christians into losing sight of what the Bible actually says and replacing it with another set of values.
This image seems to me to make this point that I often try to make, more clearly and powerfully than I manage to make it:
The crucial point is this: Just because you consider yourself a Christian does not mean that, if someone disagrees with you, then either (1) that the other person is not a Christian, or (2) the other person's view is less Christian than yours, or (3) the other person's view is wrong. It could be that you are wrong. And unless you engage the person openly, you might miss an opportunity to gain much-needed correction.
CNN has a nice treatment of how some who've expanded the Gospel to include certain political and economic policies conclude that Barack Obama is the “wrong kind of Christian.” To which The Lead has added its observation that if Barack Obama is the wrong kind of Christian, then so are most of us.
Let me also link to an article at Religion Dispatches which offers the provocative suggestion that Barack Obama is a pro-life hero.
Let me conclude by emphasizing that my saying that Barack Obama is a Christian doesn't mean that every view he holds or every policy stance he adopts is Christian. Conservative Christians regularly forgive their own for scandal after scandal without ever concluding that the fallen individual in question is necessarily not a Christian. Remember that the same applies to other Christians – the question of whether he is right, and the question of whether this or that policy reflects Christian values, is not the same as the question of whether he is a person with a deep personal commitment to his own Christian faith. But that so many American Christians fail to see that some of his stances on some issues have deeper roots in the Bible and Christianity than some stances on some issues Republican Christians adopt is not evidence that Barack Obama is not a Christian, but evidence of the rampant Biblical illiteracy in the United States, even among Christian who pay lip service to the Bible's importance and authority.
Content Director's Note: This post is a part of our Election Month at Patheos feature. Patheos was designed to present the world's most compelling conversations on life's most important questions. Please join the Facebook following for our new News and Politics Channel — and check back throughout the month for more commentary on Election 2012. Please use hashtag #PatheosElection on Twitter.
We've all seen this sculpture, right?
Well, if you haven't, this is Jatayupara, world's largest bird sculpture, with a length of 200 feet, a width of 150 feet and a height of 70 feet.
And now, marveling at this wonder isn't the only thing that will drive you to go to Kerala.
Jatayu Earth's Center, a sustainable tourism destination that offers adventure sports, camping, and healing centers sure sounds like it will be India's new favorite travel destination.
Jatayu Earth's Center is spread across four hills in Chadayamangalam, Kollam district of Kerala.
From adventure enthusiasts to families to couples, it caters to a wide audience. You can find a variety of activity packages. Oh, and there is paintball in a very natural setting.
You can also get traditional Siddha treatment in caves which also offer accommodation facilities. And then there is the moonlight dinner that is sure to catch your fancy.
Look at the view.
The adventure centre has been opened for adventure enthusiasts and offers enthusiasts to partake in some archery, shooting, rock climbing, zip lining, rope activities and a whole host of things.
Other ventures are close to the final stages of construction. The Nature Park is expected to be fully open for everyone by April 2018.
The Center is also one of the biggest private-public tourism projects in Kerala.
There is also a rainwater harvesting reservoir that is capable to store up to 15 lakh liters of water. Woah!
The man behind all this, Rajiv Anchal, is a well-known film director, art director, and sculptor, who believes in overall development of humanity through creative artistic excellence.
The center is a result of 10 years of his compassionate dedication. For Rajiv, ‘Jatayu' symbolizes an era when humans and other living beings cared for each other and lived together peacefully.
To get here, one can also trek for an hour through a safe, private forest if you so desire.
Kerala vacation in 2018, sorted.
All pictures from Jayadevan Vayala. H/T: news18
The Rev. Al Sharpton held rallies Saturday over the death of a New York City man, Eric Garner, who died during an arrest in which partial video of the struggle shows an officer placing him in what the police commissioner said appeared to be a chokehold. The tactic is prohibited by department policy.
Esaw Garner, Eric's wife, burst into tears at one of the rallies, held Saturday at Sharpton's National Action Network headquarters in Harlem.
Sharpton says Eric Garner's death will test the New York Police Department's relationship with the black community.
Mayor Bill de Blasio, who called Eric Garner's Thursday death "very troubling," postponed his family vacation to Italy, aides said, in order to meet with community leaders and city officials throughout the night Friday. De Blasio has promised a full investigation into the circumstances of Garner's death. The mayor's press secretary, Phil Walzak, said the family would instead leave for their trip Saturday.
Garner, 43, suffered a heart attack during a confrontation with police who were attempting to arrest him on suspicion of selling untaxed cigarettes outside a beauty parlor, near the Staten Island ferry terminal, authorities said.
In the video footage obtained by the New York Daily News, two plain-clothes officers confront the 6-foot-3-inch tall, 350-pound man, who in turn becomes irate, denying the charges and refusing to be handcuffed when one of the officers places him in what appears to be the chokehold from behind.
Garner is heard complaining repeatedly that he can't breathe as at least four other officers bring him down. He then apparently loses consciousness. The video shows the officer who apparently choked Garner using his hands to push Garner's face into the sidewalk.
"I watched it the same way a family member would watch it, and it was very sad to watch," de Blasio said.
Staten Island prosecutors and detectives from the internal affairs division have opened probes, the mayor said.
More tests are needed to determine Garner's cause and manner of death, a spokeswoman for the medical examiner's office said.
Twenty years ago, in a somewhat similar case, police officer Francis Livoti was dismissed from the NYPD and convicted by a federal jury for violating the civil rights of a Bronx man prosecutors said died after Livoti used a chokehold on him in 1994. Livoti has denied he used a chokehold, insisting the man, Anthony Baez, died form an asthma attack. The case remains one of the most high-profile allegations of police brutality in city history.
On Friday, at a makeshift vigil near the spot where Garner died, friends and neighbors gathered to pay their respects — and to vent their anger over what they described as disrespectful and even abusive treatment by the police.
"We need more courtesy and professional respect," said a friend, Jonathan DeGroat, standing near where someone had scrawled "RIP Big E" on the sidewalk. "Justice needs to be served or there will never be peace."
Ramsey Orta, 22, who shot the video posted by the newspaper, told the Associated Press on Friday that Garner had just broken up a fight between two other men when the police approached him, claiming they'd observed him selling loose cigarettes.
"Before they even grabbed him, he told them he wasn't feeling good, and that's why I pulled the camera out and started recording," said Orta, adding that Garner was asthmatic.
In the video, a clearly irate Garner shouts that he hasn't done anything wrong.
"Every time you see me, you want to mess with me. I'm tired of it. It stops today," Garner shouts. "I'm minding my business; please just leave me alone."
Garner had been arrested 31 times since 1988 on charges such as drug possession, selling untaxed cigarettes and assault, police said. He was last arrested in May for selling untaxed cigarettes, court records show. Since 2009, he was arrested nine different times for selling such cigarettes, police said.
Police Commissioner William Bratton and the mayor have expressed their desire to improve the relationship between officers and the community.
Wire services
Child 's of Alabama again ranks among the nation's best children's hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.
In its 2017-18 Best Children's Hospital rankings, the magazine named seven of the hospital's pediatric specialty services - cancer, diabetes and endocrinology, gastroenterology/GI surgery, nephrology, neurology/neurosurgery, orthopedics and pulmonology -among the top 50 in the United States.
"We are happy that for the eighth year we are ranked among the nation's best pediatric hospitals," Children's CEO and president Mike Warren said in a statement. "Year in and year out, our goal is to provide exceptional care, service and comfort to the patients who are entrusted to us for medical care."
Children's and the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) Departments of Pediatrics and Surgery collaborated to submit the requested information to the magazine. Children's is the primary site for pediatric clinical and educational programs for the UAB School of Medicine. Child 's of Alabama has provided specialized medical care for ill and injured children since it opened in 1911, offering inpatient and outpatient services throughout central Alabama.
U.S. News & World Report introduced its Best Children's Hospital rankings in 2007 to help families of sick children find the best medical care available. The rankings offer families an exclusive look at quality-related information at the individual hospital level.
Jocelyn Perisset Wildenstein (née Périsset; August 5, 1940) is a Swiss-born American socialite known for her extensive cosmetic surgery (with nicknames such as "Catwoman", "The Lion Queen", "Tiger Icon", "Fierce Legend" and "The Bride Of Wildenstein" from news outlets), her divorce from late billionaire businessman Alec Wildenstein in 1999, and for her extravagant lifestyle—she once calculated her yearly telephone bill at $60,000 and food and wine costs at $547,000.
Early life [ edit ]
Jocelyne Périsset was born in Lausanne, Switzerland; her father worked in a sporting goods store. She began dating Cyril Piguet, a Swiss movie producer, at the age of 17. She later lived in Paris with Italian French filmmaker Sergio Gobbi.[10] There she became a skilled hunter and pilot. She was introduced to Alec Wildenstein by Saudi arms dealer Adnan Khashoggi at a shooting weekend at the Wildenstein African ranch "Ol Jogi".[5]
Marriage and divorce [ edit ]
Jocelyn Wildenstein married Alec N. Wildenstein when they were both in their 30s. He was a member of the Wildenstein family—a wealthy family of renowned art dealers. The divorce was not amicable. Jocelyn walked in on her husband and a 19-year-old Russian model in her bedroom at the Wildenstein New York home, and he threatened her with a gun.[12] This resulted in a night in jail for Alec Wildenstein. The presiding judge, Marilyn Diamond, received death threats in the mail during the proceedings. The marital home in New York was later sold by Jocelyn to real estate developer Janna Bullock for $13 million and required substantial renovation.[15] During her divorce, the judge stipulated that she could not use any alimony payments for further cosmetic surgery. She received $2.5 billion in the divorce settlement and $100 million each year for 13 years after.[17] During the divorce proceedings, Jocelyn enlisted the services of Ed Rollins[10][18] for public relations assistance and (at various times) both Bernard Clair[10][19] and Kenneth Godt[20] for legal counsel. Together, the Wildensteins had two children.[21]
Surgeries over the years [ edit ]
Wildenstein has had extensive cosmetic surgeries to her face creating a "very unnatural appearance."[23] The surgeries intended to elicit a more catlike look, according to her ex-husband.[25] Wildenstein is rumored to have spent $4 million on plastic surgery,[26] apparently done to please her ex-husband, who loved big cats.[28] Despite her unusual appearance, Wildenstein is reported to be "ecstatic with her work. She feels beautiful. She looks in the mirror and she loves what she sees. She got exactly what she wanted."[29][30]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Bibliography – books [ edit ]
The #RHONY 'Wives are back, and they have something important to say.
In a New York minute, The Real Housewives of New York City will be back for more juicy drama. But since we can't possibly wait until the Season 8 premiere on April 6 to hear their brand-new taglines, we decided to give everyone a sneak peek. And, as always, the taglines highlight the unique philosophies of the Big Apple 'Wives.
1 . Bethenny Frankel
2 . Carole Radziwill
3 . Dorinda Medley
4 . Julianne Wainstein
5 . Luann de Lesseps
6 . Ramona Singer
7 . Sonja Morgan
Like what you see? Use the arrows below to vote for your favorites.
And don't forget to tune into the new season of RHONY when it premieres on April 6 at 9/8c. Check out a tease of what's to come, below.
A Minnesota college is catching heat for planning a controversial event this semester on campus in which a transgender photographer will show a series of photographs that graphically depict his transition from a woman to a man.
The University of Minnesota-Duluth will be hosting and providing a $4,000 honorarium to California-based photographer Loren Cameron for his work entitled "Transgender Images," according to non-profit education group Campus Reform. The group obtained emails from campus officials confirming the appearance.
"Mr. Cameron is being paid a flat fee of $4,000 which includes his speaker fee and all expenses," reads a message from UMD's director of human resources and equal opportunity in response to an inquiry from Campus Reform.
Another official responded to questions about the content of the presentation by only giving a date of Sept. 26 as when it will take place.
"UMD's administration has spent thousands of dollars in public resources this year to support a radical and divisive agenda," Campus Reform spokesman Josiah Ryan told FoxNews.com. "While President Lendley Black's administration's sponsorship of this sexually explicit presentation may satisfy a small minority on campus, it will surely offend many more students, alumni, and donors."
University officials responded to requests for comment with a press release describing Cameron's work and that the event was sponsored by student organization the UMD Queer Allied Student Union and that the group was the one that booked the event, using funds allotted to them by the school.
Loren Cameron began documenting his transition by taking self-portraits in 1993. Soon after he began documenting other transsexuals in the process, eventually leading to a book of his published work in 1996.
Cameron, who did not respond to requests for comment, travels to college campuses across the country displaying and speaking about his work.
The uproar on the UMD campus is not the first controversial incident this year.
Back in June, the university was a sponsor in a city-wide anti-racism initiative called the "Unfair Campaign" where many were outrage over the ads which many claimed encouraged feelings of "white guilt."
At the time, the university responded to questions of the campaign, saying that while they supported the principals of the campaign, they found the ads to be, "divisive"and questioned the "creative strategy."
"UMD expressed displeasure to the partnership that the PSAs were aired without a chance for our review," a statement from the school to FoxNews.com in June said.
"We will continue to discuss our concerns with the partnership and will require review of all future campaign materials and efforts to ensure they foster constructive dialogue and do not alienate people in our community."
The school eventually disbanded the program. Earlier this year, The University of Minnesota-Duluth also received criticism after they invited controversial speaker Tim Wise to discuss with the student body how "white privilege" is a detriment to society.
Wise has had a long history of anti-white statements, once writing in an open letter to the Tea Party, "Old white people have pretty much always been the bad guys, the keepers of the hegemonic and reactionary flame, the folks unwilling to share the category of American with others on equal terms."
The San Francisco 49ers defense had some struggles on Saturday against the Houston Texans, but one of the highlights of the game was a goal line stand in the first quarter. The Texans had six different plays on the 49ers 1-yard line, and the 49ers stuffed them every single time. I decided to put together an Instagram compilation, which you can view below. I grabbed it from NFL GamePass, so there is some fuzziness at times. But it's still fun to watch.
The Texans drive had them down at the 49ers 12-yard line with a 1st and 10. Three plays got them a 4th and 1 at the 3-yard line. They converted a fourth down with a two-yard run, which set up this stand. Texans fullback Jay Prosch was stopped by Antoine Bethea and Shayne Skov for no gain on first down. On second down, Mike Purcell broke through and stopped running back Alfred Blue for a three yard loss. A pass interference call on Tramaine Brock in the end zone set up a 1st and goal at the 1.
On the first play after the penalty, Mike Purcell and Nick Moody stuffed running back Kenny Hilliard for no gain. Quinton Dial stuffed Hilliard on second and goal, and then Antoine Bethea and Eli Harold got credit for the third and goal stop of Jonathan Grimes. The Texans sent out the field goal unit, but after a timeout, they decided to give the offense one more chance on fourth and goal. Blue got the handoff, but the defense stood tall. Eric Reid and Shareece Wright were credited with the stop.
There are bad deals — and then there are deals that are so bad a team has to trade a valuable draft asset just to get the awful contract off its books. The latter proved true on Thursday, when amid the early flurry of NFL free-agent moves Houston shipped Brock Osweiler and a second-round pick to Cleveland in order to get rid of much of his $16 million cap number for 2017.
This presumably means that the Texans are clearing the decks to try to get Tony Romo, who would be a perfect fit for a team that last season fielded one of the league's best defenses, numerous talented skill position players, and one of the worst quarterbacks in NFL history. Signed before the 2016 season, Osweiler's deal, which guaranteed him $37 million, will go down as one of the worst and funniest in league history after he capped his lone season in Houston by ranking 29th among 30 qualifying quarterbacks in quarterback rating, higher than only Ryan Fitzpatrick (no joke needed).
As soon as news of the trade broke on Thursday, reports began to emerge that the Browns may not even keep Osweiler: The NFL Network's Mike Garafolo reported that Cleveland was far more interested in the pick than the player, while ESPN reported that teams have already begun reaching out to Cleveland to register their interest in the league's, uh, the tallest quarterback. Even if the Browns release or move Osweiler, they will still have to pay out some cap dollars, but they've deemed that a worthwhile cost for more flexibility in the upcoming draft.
The Browns appear to be going full Sam Hinkie here. They know that Osweiler is not their future at quarterback (he's no team's future at quarterback), but they also know that they have $100 million in cap room to burn this year: Taking on a huge cap number in order to acquire a valuable draft asset is genius, and it leaves the Browns with 11 picks in each of the next two drafts, including 10 picks in the first five rounds this year and eight picks in the first five rounds next year.
Since former MLB executive Paul DePodesta took charge of the Cleveland Browns last year, many have wondered how he would attack a sport that is so set in its ways. This is how. Former Packers executive Andrew Brandt, now an ESPN analyst, said the cap-space-for-draft-picks move could “set a new trend.”
Because regardless of what the Browns do with Osweiler, the fact remains that this is a fascinating experiment that no NFL team has really tried. Sure, other teams have been bad for prolonged periods, but no one has really attempted to jump-start a franchise by banking picks en masse. Between this move, sending last year's no. 2 pick to the Eagles (which they used to draft Carson Wentz), and then trading the Eagles' no. 8 spot to the Titans (which they used to get a cornerstone offensive lineman), the Browns have acquired an astonishing amount of draft ammo for the coming years. They have Philadelphia's first-round pick and Tennessee's second-round pick this year; Philadelphia's second-round pick and Houston's second-round pick next year; and even Carolina's fourth-round pick in 2018 because they traded a punter. A punter!
Related How to Spend Smart in NFL Free Agency
So sure, the Browns traded for a quarterback who is the living embodiment of their recurring failures, but don't focus on that. Focus on how shrewd this move really is. If it wasn't already clear, it is now: The Browns are open for business, willing to take on (even if only temporarily) crappy salaries in exchange for picks. This deal isn't really about Osweiler; whether he stays or goes, he's just a bonus (to the extent that a really bad quarterback can be a bonus). This is about starting the Romo watch in Houston — and starting the clock on Bryan Colangelo joining Cleveland in three years.
A new approach to selling and recharging electric cars could overcome some of the basic issues that have kept them from being widely adopted. A startup called Project Better Place, which had the largest of any venture-funding round in 2007, raising $200 million, recently announced plans to install recharging infrastructure in Israel and Denmark and to sell electric cars using a business model much like that used today with cell phones.
Wind-powered cars: A startup is planning to build infrastructure in Denmark that will allow recharging of electric vehicles throughout the country. Electric vehicles are a good match for wind power, since they're typically recharged at night, when the wind is the strongest and demand for electricity is ordinarily low.
The company aims to address two limitations of electric vehicles: their range is considerably less than gasoline-powered cars, and the batteries take hours to recharge from ordinary outlets. To solve the first problem, says CEO and founder Shai Agassi, Project Better Place is installing a vast grid of outlets at parking spaces throughout the country, which will allow drivers to keep batteries topped off during the day. In Israel, the company will install 500,000 outlets–one for every six parking spaces in the country–with a similar number slated for Denmark.
To address the time that it takes to recharge batteries, the company has arranged for the automaker Renault to manufacture electric cars with batteries that can easily be swapped out. The cars will have more than a hundred miles of range, which is more than enough for most daily driving. On long trips, once a battery is depleted, a driver will be able to pull into a station where a simple robotic system will remove the depleted battery and install a fully charged one. The process will only take a couple of minutes, Agassi says. The company will build 125 such stations in Israel and slightly more in Denmark.
To make this system work, Project Better Place will take an unusual approach to selling cars. The company will sell cars for a subsidized cost in return for drivers signing up for a service contract. Instead of signing up for a set number of calling minutes, as with cell phones, drivers will pay for a set number of miles. The subscription will cover the cost of renting the battery, swapping it out, and the electricity for charging it up. The number of miles driven will be tracked using a wireless network, Agassi says. The cost of the car will depend on the length of the service contract, he says. For example, the car could be free with a six-year agreement. In any case, the car will cost no more than a comparable gasoline car.
The model has a number of advantages, Agassi says. First, it lowers the up-front cost of the car. What's more, it takes care of the issue of billing people for recharging from the network of outlets: it isn't necessary to keep track of charging at each outlet. Instead, each car records the energy it has used, and it communicates wirelessly with Project Better Place. The model also addresses one of the main objections that have been raised regarding battery-swapping systems. In a battery swap, a driver can't be sure the new battery is as good as the old one–it could have more wear and tear or less storage capacity. In the project's system, the drivers don't own the batteries, and the responsibility for maintaining them is transferred to the company.
The plan is particularly suited for small countries such as Israel and Denmark. All of the infrastructure needed in Israel can easily be paid for with the money that Project Better Place has already raised, Agassi says. The economics are attractive in other ways. Both countries have very high gas prices–more than $7 a gallon. The countries also have tax policies that heavily favor electric vehicles. In Israel, conventional cars have a sales tax of 72 percent, while electric cars are only taxed at 10 percent. In Denmark, the difference is even bigger. The government collects a tax of 150 percent on conventional cars, while electric cars are tax-free. As a result, Agassi says, a typical sedan in Denmark costs $60,000, while an electric car will cost just $20,000.
To work in the United States, Agassi says, the approach would need to be implemented at the city or state level, since the country is so much larger. It would be fairly easy, he says, to install recharging grids in cities and, particularly on the East Coast, to connect the cities with swapping stations. He says that higher gas prices will also make the economics more favorable.
Not everyone agrees that the company's approach can work in the United States. Menahem Anderman, a highly regarded automotive-battery consultant and the founder of Advanced Automotive Batteries, says that the approach will be expensive, and that battery swapping can damage the batteries, reducing their life and reliability.
Regardless of the future of the technology in larger countries, Project Better Place is now getting its first project under way in Israel, working with utilities on a plan to build its recharging grid. Agassi predicts that results will be fast. He projects that in Israel, within 10 years, electric cars will outsell conventional vehicles.
MEPs at the European Parliament have clearly voted to ban the use of glyphosate in Europe, with a total of 355 votes being cast in the Plenary Session on Tuesday. 244 MEPs voted to ban glyphosate completely in 2022 and to refuse the 10 year re-license for glyphosate, with restrictions on use from 2018. Glyphosate-based herbicides are the most used herbicides in the World.
Tomorrow EU Member States are set to vote on its reauthorisation. They have the final say in deciding whether herbicides containing glyphosate will remain on the shelves at the end of this year.
Last week Environment and Public Health Committee MEPs voted by a large majority (39 in favor, with 9 against, and 10 abstentions) for a ban on glyphosate in three years' time, approving a non-binding resolution.
THE GLYPHOSATE BOX
Speaking before the vote, European Commission official Sabine Juelicher said that MEPs would be attacking the EU regulatory system itself and the agencies the EU relied on. The MEPs' resolution included a call for pesticide approvals to be based on peer-reviewed studies by independent scientists instead of the current system, which is based on secret industry studies.
The resolution was agreed ahead of a vote on the reauthorisation of glyphosate in the Standing Committee on Wednesday 25 October.
MEPs hope they will influence member states to oppose the ten-year renewal being proposed by the European Commission but have no power to veto the renewal.
“Doing a runner'
Canadian farms hire almost 40,000 foreign workers every year to help with planting and harvesting of crops.
These farm labourers are allowed in to Canada under a special programme called the “temporary foreign worker (TFW) programme”. and the Seasonal Agricultural Workers Program (SAWP). Workers have no access to permanent residency or citizenship.
However there are restrictions in most cases. The “TFW's” can work for four years, but then must return to their country. Then they must wait another four years before they can apply to return to work in Canada.
However, the jobs do represent an important source of income for the workers, with most of their earnings sent back to the country of origin to support families.
Every year however, a few decide to “go underground” in order to remain illegally and continue to find work.
This year in Quebec, the number of Guatemalan foreign workers going “off-grid” has been unusually high, with about 100 disappearing. There ar about 4,000 Guatemalan “TFW's” in Quebec each year and about 6,OOO across Canada
Two workers this year took off from the farming operation where they worked, leaving a note saying only not to worry about them and not to look for them.
Canadian farming operations say the four year limit hurts them as they have to keep retraining new workers all the time.
It is hard to track the workers once they disappear, but it's possible they find low-paid “under the table” work at hotels, restaurants, and manufacturing.
A House of Commons committee submitted a report recommending changes to the TFW programme, including abolishing the four year limit. It is unknown what action the current federal Liberal governemtn will take in regard to the report.
Additional information-sources
There have now been two recent cases of motor insurance companies, both regulated abroad, going bust.
It means potential customers can no longer rely on regulators to protect them.
In that vacuum it is becoming clear that the onus is on consumers to find out more before buying the cheapest policy.
By David Murphy, Business Editor
In 2014 Setanta, which was regulated in Malta, collapsed leaving unpaid claims of €90m. Last month, Gibraltar-regulated Enterprise Insurance went bust.
Setanta is currently in liquidation and the Irish insurance industry has had to pick up the bill, which has added to rapidly escalating motor insurance costs.
In Enterprise's case, its business in Ireland was handled by Wrightway Underwriting, which is owned by Zurich.
Fortunately, Wrightway refunded customers the outstanding amount on their policies so they could buy replacement cover.
Under EU rules insurance companies that are regulated in one member state can do business in other EU countries.
More competition brings down prices. It sounds great but only if the companies are well-regulated in their home markets.
The Central Bank in Ireland is quick to point out the regulation of foreign companies is carried out elsewhere. So if the regulation is lacking, there is little in Ireland that can be done about it.
Many consumers are also confused by advertisements that say companies are regulated by the Central Bank. But often these firms are brokers and not the original providers of the insurance.
The Central Bank cannot block foreign firms from offering customers policies if the companies are regulated elsewhere in the EU.
If the Central Bank has a concern about a company, the only option is for its officials in Dublin to nudge the regulators in other countries that there may be a problem.
That means it is up to the consumers to find out if they are being offered insurance by a company that may not last.
Most consumers don't have the time or expertise to analyse a set of accounts and figure out if an insurer is going to collapse. But asking some hard questions might help.
There is another significant problem. If consumers are discouraged from doing business with foreign regulated firms, it will diminish competition in the Irish market.
Any company considering entering the market has to consider some big challenges.
Insurers complain about rising legal costs, escalating awards and fraud. These problems already make Ireland an unattractive location for new entrants.
Theoretically new players should be interested in a market where prices have risen by 38% over the past 12 months.
Usually higher prices mean higher profits. But there is no sign of any fresh blood bringing new competition, which would halt galloping price inflation.
The most recent financial results in the industry were released this week by Aviva. While it did not break out the results of its motor insurance activity, it remarked that the cost of claims are a “serious challenge” and it would remain “steadfast” in defending against all cases of suspected fraud.
There is confusion about protection for consumers, prices are rising rapidly and insurance companies are struggling.
That indicates there are some real problems in the market and it is unclear who is going to solve them.
Comment via Twitter: @davidmurphyRTE
Antigay viewers were quick to take to social media last night to decry Sunday's Super Bowl 50 Halftime show, which wrapped up with gutsy performances by Beyoncé, Bruno Mars, and Coldplay singing “Believe in Love.”
Apparently it was all the bright lights and rainbow colors… which equals gay? Who knows what they're all so angry about?
Nothing against being gay, but can I please watch the Super Bowl half time show and not have to it be all about promoting homosexuality — isabelle schneider (@schneisa000) February 8, 2016
Forgot the halftime show was changed to a gay rights movement — Keegs (@Bryan_Keegs) February 8, 2016
@IngrahamAngle the homosexual promoting halftime show is over at my house. — S.Gatewood (@uspatriot72) February 8, 2016
Super bowl 50 halftime show is emitting homosexual tendencies@CloydRivers what has America come to? Football is being destroyed. — Tyler Solomon (@TylerSolomon30) February 8, 2016
I believe the message of that halftime show was "quickly, become a homosexual" — Real Trent Flubbs (@RealTrentFlubbs) February 8, 2016
Just because the super bowl is held near San Francisco doesn't mean we need to make it a homosexual congregation — Tyler Solomon (@TylerSolomon30) February 8, 2016
So sad that Super Bowl halftime shows the last couple of years has really pushed homosexual agenda. God please forgive our nation. — Mike Watts (@alabamawatts) February 8, 2016
Since when is the super bowl halftime show a gay pride festival — #HillaryForPrison (@Kovacina_Matt65) February 8, 2016
All the Halftime performance did was try to promote homosexuality. — #JetIsBad (@Jetisbad) February 8, 2016
Basically a homo pride celebration during halftime….. And that's one reason our country has gone down — CamVP(15-1)(2-0) (@Alpha_Dog_LM24) February 8, 2016
As The New Civil Rights Movement points out, the bright lights and swirling rainbow colors were simply promoting Coldplay's new album:
Friendly Atheist's Hemant Mehta noted that the anti-gay “complaints come from the same people who are watching a game in which dozens of men jump on top of each other for hours before dancing and patting each other on the butt.”
This Story Filed Under
In "The Case for Climate Change Alarmism," Forbes.com contributor William Pentland earlier this week called our attention to a paper released by researchers at the Sandia National Laboratory asserting that a large range of uncertainties regarding the potential effects of global warming justifies long-term and presumably far-reaching political action. The Sandia paper, however, gives undue weight to far-fetched climate scares while largely ignoring the real-world evidence of the many benefits of a moderately warming climate. By properly considering all factors, negative and positive, it is hard to make a case for climate change alarmism.
The first principle we need to keep in mind regarding climate change alarmism is context. While it is true that global temperatures have risen somewhat during the past 100-plus years since the Little Ice Age ended, there was little room for temperatures to go at the time but up. The Little Ice Age, lasting from approximately 1300-1900 A.D., brought the planet's coldest extended temperatures during the last 10,000 years. Saying that temperatures have risen by 1 degree or so since the end of the Little Ice Age tells us essentially nothing in the long-term temperature context because the arbitrary baseline of the Little Ice Age was an exceptionally cold climate anomaly.
Keeping this long-term temperature context in mind, global warming alarmists frequently assert that a given month, year, or decade was "the hottest in recorded history," but that statement only holds true because alarmists conveniently define "recorded history" as the past 130 years or so since the depths of the Little Ice Age. Alarmists justify this convenient definition of "recorded history" based on the establishment of a relatively global system of weather and temperature stations approximately 130 years ago. Fair enough, but proxy climate data from a variety of sources, including ice cores drilled in the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, demonstrate that global temperatures were warmer than today for most of the past 10,000 years. Human civilization first developed, and thereafter thrived, during climate conditions warmer than today. Today's temperatures, in a more appropriate long-term context, are unusually cold, not hot.
The second principle we need to remember is that the earth's long-term temperature history gives us proof that warmer temperatures have in the real world always been better for human civilization than colder temperatures. The Little Ice Age was typified by crop failures, famines, plagues, extreme weather events and human population contractions. By contrast, our recently warming temperatures have been a welcome reprieve from the harsh and unusually cold conditions of the Little Ice Age. During the past century, as global temperatures have risen forests have expanded, deserts have retreated, soil moisture has improved, crops have flourished and extreme weather events such as hurricanes and tornadoes have become less frequent.
While our ability to document the frequency of famines, plagues, droughts, hurricanes, etc., is more limited in the millennia before the Little Ice Age, we do know that during these warmer millennia human civilization thrived and the planet's climate was not thrown into a chaotic downward spiral. Indeed, the earth's climate remains quite benign despite these thousands of years of recent warmer temperatures.
This really gets to the heart of the Sandia paper. If we have real-world evidence that temperatures were warmer than today during most of the past 10,000 years (and also during several interglacial warm periods during the past few million years), and if we also have real-world evidence that human civilization thrived during these warmer temperatures and the warmer temperatures did not trigger so-called "tipping points" sending the planet into a climate catastrophe, then we have very little reason to believe that our presently and moderately warming temperatures are now poised to send the planet into a climate catastrophe.
For many scientists, this distinction between theory and real-world conditions is what typifies the differences between so-called "alarmists" and "skeptics." As Colorado State University emeritus professor and hurricane expert William Gray frequently explains, alarmists base their climate alarmism on speculative computer models programmed and run within the confines of cubicles and drywall. Skeptics, on the other hand, base their skepticism on real-world data and observations.
The Sandia paper may present an interesting theory that global warming may produce an imminent climate catastrophe within a chaotic global atmosphere, but the theory is strongly contradicted by thousands of years of real-world data and real-world climate observations. The Scientific Method dictates that real-world observations trump speculative theory, not the other way around.
Every Big Lez Show episode is special in its own way, but everyone has their favourite. So we thought we'd ask the supreme overlords of the Big Lez Universe which of their eps was their favourite and some sweet backstory on how each one came to be.
Here's the list and what Jarrad, Izak and Tom had to say:
10. Volcano Bong
This ep stems from a good story. Tom and I were wagging school (we were in year 11) and walking around town with about 5 bucks each. While wandering around, Tom suddenly stopped on the footpath, frozen, looking down. He picked something up, looked at it closely and then ran away screaming YEEEESSS! He eventually came back and showed me. It was a little bag of weed that someone had dropped! It was in such a neat package and the bud inside was juicy as.
It was the best thing ever since we were keen to have a smoke but couldn't really get weed due to money and no contacts. So we took it as an awesome gift from the universe (or Sassy) and decided to stay over at mine that night and smoke this nug while watching some Disney movies. We watched all the good colorful movies and one of them was The Road To El Dorado, which is a cracker.
If you've seen that film you may (or may not) remember a scene from the start where the two main characters arrive at the Golden city of El Dorado. They start having an argument in front of everyone in the city while in the background a volcano is starting to rumble. Before it explodes, one of the characters stops the argument by yelling 'STOP' which echoes and causes a silence while in the background of the city this volcano is shaking up. But instead of exploding, it stops, then puffs out a cloud of smoke along with the sound of ‘exhalation'.
When this happened, we were like, what just happened there? How and why was that even a thing in the movie? Which lead to us imagining that Sassy was using the volcano as a giant Bong with all sorts of mechanisms to make it work which gave birth to the idea of The Volcano Bong. The weed we found that day was sent by Sassy himself!
9. Yoweed
Yoweed was inspired by very similar events at Izak's house when we were smoking a few doobs before bed with a couple of mates. Izak's younger brother came out and saw what we were doing, and of course, we were like “oi mate, wanna go of this?”… that whole scenario was then recreated with the sasquatches and Quinton! Good times.
8. Busted
Busted was inspired by this period in our lives when we would drive up to theme parks on a weekly basis because we had year-long passes. We'd always be listening to Parkway Drive in the car on the way up like the sasquatches do in the episode. Parkway Drive being our favourite band at the time (still is) it had to be in it. That episode represented the memories of those days, minus being pulled over with a f*ck load of drugs in the car (That's a Sassy thing.) Tom (Scruffy) never forgot his shoes either.
7. Potadahead
Potadahead is another classic that Tom and I came up with to explain why Clarence is Clarence. We both used to work as over night janitors at the cinemas and Potadahead was imagined up and pieced together during those days. That's where we had the time to come up with the story line that fits with the other half of the story that Izak and I came up with. The episode was really funny to record with Tom, we voiced the scientists at the start who are yelling and shouting at Clarence.
On a side note, while working as janitors at the cinema, the vacuuming we had to do actually inspired the episode “Popcoin” (Popcoin is a mixture of popcorn and the random stray coins that would get sucked up off the carpet and rattle through the vacuum).
6. Birthday Bash
This is an absolute classic from back in the early days when Lez was just a character drawn in the ol' schoolbooks. The idea actually came about way before the YouTube series and even before I was drawing comics of it in my books. Izak stayed at mine one night, and before bed we were playing the game Splinter Cell and laughing about imagining Lez in the stealth suit. Later that night we were both sleeping in these mad bunk beds I had. We went to bed talking about whatever came to mind as you do when your mate stays over. We started talking about Lez and how funny he is as a character and how he should have his own show one day. So as we started to drift off we thought about the idea where Lez stealths over to Norton's in the Splinter Cell outfit.
5. Bindi's
Bindi's is just one of those episodes that just makes us laugh. Lez fighting Norton on the street is classic, when we first came up with the characters before it was a show, we always imagined that Lez would fight Norton in the street from time to time. So that was brought to life!
4. Attack of the Choomahs (Part 1) and 3. Attack of the Choomahs (Part 2)
These two episodes were the last episodes to be done on the school laptop! Halfway through making part 2, the school lappy broke with a cracked screen and we had to finish the episode on a mate's computer which was nightmarish. We then moved on to using a tablet and stylus for season 3 which explains the drastic change in animation because now we were free to use a pen and draw normally rather than drawing with two fingers on a touchpad. You could probably tell season 1 and 2 were drawn using only the touchpad.
2. Choomah Island 1
Choomah Island 1 is an all-time favourite! It was the first lengthy action episode with Lez and the boys on a skitz island. This was cool because it was a spontaneous choice to pick an island to have the choomah story on when originally it was going to be the hometown where the choomahs attacked. I was actually a few minutes into making that episode before it all got wiped off the school lappy due to a laptop “reboot” which f*cked everything up. So we just started again but this time chose to base it on an island inspired by the TV show Lost.
1. Choomah Island 2
Choomah Island 2 was by far our biggest project and was done over 8 months which resulted in insomnia and experimenting with psilocybin mushrooms. This inspired the 'trip scene' with Sassy and Lez (obviously).
Check out all 5 episodes of The Mike Nolan Show, right here:
1 / 7 Benjamin Franklin
We all know that Benjamin Franklin was an exemplary American, embodying the thrift, industriousness, and political equality we celebrate every Independence Day. He earned the title of "The First American" for his crusade to unite the original American colonies, but his loyalty to the U.S. may not have extended to his marriage. Despite his memorable paeans to the institution (Franklin famously <a href="http://www.swarthmore.edu/SocSci/bdorsey1/41docs/51-fra.html" target="_hplink">said</a>, "Marriage is the most natural state of man, and...the state in which you will find solid happiness") and his claim that "It is the man and woman united that make the complete human being," Franklin notoriously surrounded himself with female admirers. Though there are no reports of his consummating his relationships with these much younger, attractive women, Franklin <a href="http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1005155,00.html" target="_hplink">was</a> "a master of amorous friendship...expressed in exchanges of teasing kisses, tender embraces, intimate conversations and rhapsodic love letters, but not necessarily sexual congress." Photo Courtesy of Flickr: mbell1975
Everything you need to know about brining your turkey for Thanksgiving.
Brining or dry-brining your bird can mean the difference between dry turkey and supremely moist and plump turkey. Over the years, I've written many articles on brining (or not brining) turkeys. Much of this info can already be found in our Definitive Guide to Buying, Prepping, Cooking, and Carving Turkey, or in my article on The Truth About Brining, but I get enough inquiries on basic brining guidelines that it seemed worth it to pull this out into its own quick guide. So here you go!
Why Brine?
Brining, whether you're using a traditional water-based brine or a dry brine, improves a turkey's ability to retain moisture. Certain muscle proteins are naturally dissolved by the salt in the brine solution. Once these proteins are dissolved, muscle fibers lose some of their ability to contract when cooking. Less contraction leads to less internal moisture being squeezed out, which in turn leads to juicier meat in the cooked bird.
Brining also seasons a bird more deeply than simply salting just before cooking.
Traditional Versus Dry Brine—Which Is Better?
I vastly prefer dry brining. A traditional brine will plump up your turkey with moisture, but that moisture is mainly water, leading to a turkey that tastes watered down. A dry brine, on the other hand, helps a turkey retain its natural moisture without adding any excess liquid, which leads to more intensely flavored results.
Adding baking powder to a dry brine can also improve your turkey skin. Not only does the baking powder work to break down some skin proteins, causing them to crisp and brown more efficiently, it also combines with turkey juices, forming microscopic bubbles that add surface area and crunch to the skin as it roasts.
How to Dry-Brine
Combine half a cup of Diamond Crystal kosher salt (or six tablespoons Morton's kosher salt) with two tablespoons of baking powder in a bowl. Carefully pat your turkey dry with paper towels. Generously sprinkle the salt mixture on all surfaces by picking up the mixture between your thumb and fingers, holding it six to 10 inches above the bird, and letting the mixture shower down over the surface of the turkey for even coverage. The turkey should be well coated with salt, though not completely encrusted.
Warning: You will most likely not need all of the salt. In some cases, less than half will be okay; it depends on the size of your bird and your salt preferences.
Transfer the turkey to a rack set in a rimmed baking sheet, and refrigerate, uncovered, for 12 to 24 hours. Without rinsing, roast using one of our recipes, omitting any additional salting steps called for in those recipes.
Dry-brining for more than 24 hours will produce even juicier and better-seasoned meat. To brine longer than 24 hours, loosely cover turkey with plastic wrap or cheesecloth before refrigerating, to prevent excess moisture loss through evaporation. Let rest for up to three days.
How to Make a Traditional Brine
Not convinced by the dry-brining argument? No problem. Here's how to do a traditional brine.
To brine a turkey using the standard method, start by clearing out a space in the fridge big enough to fit a container that's large enough to hold your turkey. Alternatively, fill a few empty two-liter soda bottles three-quarters of the way with water, and freeze them with the lid off. Once they're completely frozen, seal the bottles with their lids. Next, fill a large cooler or plastic basin with the prescribed amount of tap water. Add the salt, and stir until dissolved. Submerge your fully defrosted turkey in the brine solution, and refrigerate for 12 to 18 hours. Alternatively, place the brining basin in a cool spot in your home and add the frozen soda bottles, replacing them every few hours to keep the water below 40°F (4°C).
After 12 to 18 hours, remove the turkey, dry carefully with paper towels, and roast using one of our recipes.
For crisper skin, brine a couple days in advance, and let your turkey air-dry at least overnight and up to two nights, uncovered, in the refrigerator on a rack set in a rimmed baking sheet.
When you're constructing a brine, what really matters is the amount of salt compared to the amount of water, not the amount of salt compared to the size of the turkey. So long as your brine solution is around 6% salt by weight (that's about one and a quarter cups of kosher salt per gallon) and your turkey is submerged, you'll do just fine.
Here are some approximate measures for the minimum amount of water and salt you'll need for a range of turkey sizes:
Standard Turkey Brine Formulas Turkey Size Water Salt (Kosher) 8 to 12 pounds (3.6 to 5.4 kilograms) 2 gallons (7.6 liters) 2 1/2 cups (450 grams) 13 to 17 pounds (5.9 to 7.7 kilograms) 2 1/2 gallons (9.5 liters) 3 1/4 cups (570 grams) 18 to 22 pounds (8.2 to 10 kilograms) 3 gallons (11.4 liters) 3 3/4 cups (675 grams)
Should I Brine a Kosher, Enhanced, or Self-Basting Turkey?
All of these types of turkeys have already been treated with salt and do not need to be brined again.
Should I Use Aromatics in My Brine?
There's no need.
Many brining recipes call for bringing a number of aromatics—carrots, celery, onions, spices, herbs, et cetera—to a boil in your brine before letting it cool completely. While this does a great job of making your brine smell good, it doesn't affect the flavor of the turkey or chicken much beyond the skin. The problem is that, because a brine is packed with salt, and because salt is much more likely to enter your turkey's cells (due to both its size and its magnetic charge), most of those larger flavorful compounds don't actually make it into the meat.
For the time and effort it takes to make a flavored brine, heat it up, and let it cool completely, you're much better off making a flavorful rub or herb butter. You'll get just as much (if not more) flavor into the bird, use fewer ingredients, and save yourself some time in the process.
Read more details on the science of flavored brines here.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
For his son, an American chemist and geologist of the same name, see Benjamin Silliman, Jr.
Silliman c. 1860
Yale professor and famed chemist Benjamin Silliman with his extended family.
Benjamin Silliman (August 8, 1779 – November 24, 1864) was an early American chemist and science educator.[1] He was one of the first American professors of science, at Yale College, the first person to distill petroleum in America, and a founder of the American Journal of Science, the oldest continuously published scientific journal in the United States.[2]
Early life [ edit ]
Silliman was born in a tavern in North Stratford, now Trumbull, Connecticut, a few months after his mother, Mary (Fish) Silliman (widow of John Noyes), fled for her life from their Fairfield, Connecticut, home to escape two thousand invading British troops that burned Fairfield center to the ground. The British forces had taken his father, General Gold Selleck Silliman, prisoner in May 1779.
Education [ edit ]
Silliman was educated at Yale, receiving a B.A. degree in 1796 and a M.A. in 1799. He studied law with Simeon Baldwin from 1798 to 1799 and became a tutor at Yale from 1799 to 1802. He was admitted to the bar in 1802. That same year he was hired by Yale President Timothy Dwight IV as a professor of chemistry and natural history despite his never having studied chemistry.[3]:6 To prepare for this new position, Silliman studied chemistry with Professor James Woodhouse at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and delivered his first lectures in chemistry at Yale in 1804. These lectures were the first science lectures ever given at Yale.[4] In 1805, he traveled to Edinburgh for further study.
Benjamin Silliman
Career [ edit ]
Returning to New Haven, he studied its geology, and made a chemical analysis of the meteorite that fell near Weston, Connecticut, publishing the first scientific account of any American meteorite. He lectured publicly at New Haven in 1808 and came to discover many of the constituent elements of many minerals. Some time around 1818, Ephraim Lane took some samples of rocks he found at an area called Saganawamps, now a part of the Old Mine Park Archeological Site in Trumbull, Connecticut, to Silliman for identification. Silliman reported in his new American Journal of Science, a publication covering all the natural sciences but with an emphasis on geology, that he had identified tungsten, tellurium, topaz and fluorite in the rocks.[5] He played a major role in the discoveries of the first fossil fishes found in the United States. [6] In 1837, the first (and at the time only) prismatic barite ore of tungsten in the United States was discovered at the mine. The mineral sillimanite was named after Silliman in 1850. Upon the founding of the Medical School, he also taught there as one of the founding faculty members.
In 1833 he discussed the relationship of Flood geology to the Genesis account,[7] and also wrote about this topic in 1840.[8]
Silliman was an early supporter of coeducation in the Ivy League. Although Yale wouldn't admit women as students until over 100 years later, he allowed young women into his lecture classes. His efforts convinced Frederick Barnard, later President of Columbia College, that women ought to be admitted as students. "The elder Silliman, during the entire period of his distinguished career as a Professor of Chemistry, Geology and Mineralogy in Yale College, was accustomed every year to admit to his lecture-courses classes of young women from the schools of New Haven. In that institution the undersigned had an opportunity to observe, as a student, the effect of the practice, similar to that which he afterward created for himself in Alabama, as a teacher. The results in both instances, so far as they went, were good; and they went far enough to make it evident that if the presence of young women in college, instead of being occasional, should be constant, they would be better."[9]
American historian David McCullough mentions in his book about early 19th century Americans in Paris that in 1825 Professor Benjamin Silliman while on a tour of Europe conferring with other scientists encountered his former Yale science student Samuel F. B. Morse in the Louvre. McCullough also relates that Silliman would later become president of the college.[10]
As professor emeritus, he delivered lectures at Yale on geology until 1855; Benjamin Silliman Sr had been the first person to use the process of fractional distillation, and, in 1854, Benjamin Silliman Jr became the first person to fractionate petroleum by distillation.[11]
Like his son-in-law James Dana, Silliman was a Christian.[12] In an address delivered before the Association of American Geologists he spoke in favor of old-earth creationism, stating:
It is already admitted by multitudes, that the chronology of the Scriptures is, in strictness, applied only to the history of our race, the sole moral beings whom God has placed in this World; while all that precedes man in the creation, is limited, in duration backwards, only by that beginning, whose date is known to no being but the infinite Creator, and which certainly precedes, by many ages, the creation of man. Silliman, (1842)[13]
In the same line of thought, he posed arguments against atheism and materialism.[14]
1807 meteor [ edit ]
At 6:30 in the morning of December 14, 1807, a blazing fireball about two-thirds the size of the moon, was seen traveling southwards by early risers in Vermont and Massachusetts. Three loud explosions were heard over the town of Weston in Fairfield County, Connecticut. Stone fragments fell in at least 6 places. The largest and only unbroken stone of the Weston fall, which weighed 36.5 pounds (16.5 kilograms), was found some days after Silliman and Kingsley had spent several fruitless hours hunting for it. The owner, a Trumbull farmer named Elijah Seeley, was urged to present it to Yale by local people who had met the professors during their investigation, but he insisted on putting it up for sale. It was purchased by Colonel George Gibbs for his large and famous collection of minerals; when the collection became the property of Yale in 1825, Silliman finally acquired this stone; the only specimen of the Weston meteorite that remains in the Yale Peabody Museum collection today.[15][16]
Family [ edit ]
Portrait of Harriett Trumbull by her uncle John Trumbull
Portrait of Harriett Trumbull Silliman
His first marriage was on September 17, 1809, to Harriet Trumbull, daughter of Connecticut governor Jonathan Trumbull, Jr., who was the son of Governor Jonathan Trumbull, Sr. of Connecticut, a hero of the American Revolution. Silliman and his wife had four children: one daughter married Professor Oliver P. Hubbard, another married Professor James Dwight Dana (Silliman's doctoral student until 1833 and assistant from 1836 to 1837);[3]:7 and youngest daughter Julia married Edward Whiting Gilman, brother of Yale graduate and educator Daniel Coit Gilman. His son Benjamin Silliman Jr., also a professor of chemistry at Yale, wrote a report that convinced investors to back George Bissell's seminal search for oil. His second marriage was in 1851 to Mrs. Sarah Isabella (McClellan) Webb, daughter of John McClellan. Silliman died at New Haven and is buried in Grove Street Cemetery.
Photo of the Benjamin Silliman family with portrait of his deceased wife Harriet Trumbull on wall.
Legacy [ edit ]
Silliman deemed slavery an "enormous evil". He favored colonization of free African Americans in Liberia, serving as a board member of the Connecticut Colonization Society between 1828 and 1835. He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1813,[17] and an Associate Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1815.[18] Silliman founded and edited the American Journal of Science, and was appointed one of the corporate members of the National Academy of Sciences by the United States Congress. He was also a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
A statue of Silliman in front of Yale's Sterling Chemistry Laboratory
Things named for him [ edit ]
Silliman College, one of Yale's residential colleges, is named for him, as is the mineral Sillimanite.
In Sequoia National Park, Mount Silliman is named for him, as is Silliman Pass, a creek and two lakes below the summit of Mount Silliman.
The standard author abbreviation is used to indicate this person as the author when citing a botanical name.[19]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Health Hazards of Natural Gas
by Agnes Malouf and David Wimberly
UPdate Summer 2001 Thinking of cooking with gas? Think again.With natural gas rolling ashore in Nova Scotia, it is tempting to believe industry and government promises that if only we could plug into this rich new local resource we could see our fuel bills drop and free up money in the budget for the nicer things in life.
But would we still feel the same way if we were to learn that, in trying to save those hard-earned dollars, we were undermining our health by polluting the air we breathe in our very homes? It may be discouraging to hear, but now is the time to listen to what the experts have to say before we make what may be the wrong decision for us and for our families.
Living with natural gas can be a health hazard both for people who are healthy and for those who are already ill. It is especially risky for people who have weakened immune systems, including those who are asthmatic, allergic, or chemically sensitive. Gas appliances create a constant low level exposure to gas which can
cause or increase illnesses. Natural gas is a sensitizer, which means that exposure can lead to intolerance and adverse reactions both to
it and other substances in our environment.
The British medical journal, The Lancet, reported in1996 that the use of domestic gas appliances, particularly gas stoves, was linked to increased asthma, respiratory illness, and impaired lung function especially in young women. Women using gas stoves had double the respiratory problems of women cooking on electric stoves. The same study showed that using extractor fans which vented the cooking fumes outside did not reduce adverse effects of gas.
The Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) Clean Air Guide (1993) identified gas water heaters, furnaces, unvented space heaters and cook stoves as significant contributors to chemical contamination in the home. They recommended that gas appliances be replaced with electrical ones to reduce indoor air pollution.
In a combined series of studies of 47,000 patients, two doctors found that "the most important sources of indoor pollution responsible for generating (environmental) illness were the gas cook stoves, hot water heaters, and furnaces" writes Dr. Bill Rea, of the Dallas Environmental Health Centre.
"Traditionally natural gas is a pollutant chemical that can worsen both classical allergy and chemical sensitivity. This effect has been seen mostly in areas where natural gas is in widespread use," wrote Dr. Gerald Ross, Past President of the American Academy of Environmental Medicine in1997.
"For the chemically susceptible individual this gas may be the worst form of fuel," writes Dr. T. G. Randolph. But surprisingly, his studies found that when gas stoves were removed from the home of a person with chemical sensitivities, not only did their health improve, but so did the health of all family members.
Other studies have found that children living in homes with gas stoves had more than double the risk for respiratory symptoms, including asthma. Asthma patients who used a gas stove seven or more times a week were found to have doubled their risk of emergency room treatment. Infants who grow up in households with gas are almost twice as likely to develop childhood asthma as those who live with second-hand smoke. (Second hand smoke itself doubles a child's risk of developing asthma.) These studies have all been published in respected medical journals.
When natural gas is burned, as in cooking and heating, the chemicals create nitrogen dioxide, carbon monoxide, fine particulates, polycyclicaromatic hydrocarbons, volatile organic compounds (including formaldehyde) as well as other chemicals. Just imagine what you are breathing when you bend over a gas cook stove to stir your food or when you open the oven door. This stuff sticks to your food, so you eat it as well. It sticks to clothes in gas dryers so you are covering your skin in it. It is lighter than air so it rises up into your living and sleeping areas, concentrating higher up nearer your head. This is one reason why gas is more of a health hazard than fuel oil which is heavier than air and thus sinks.
It's been estimated that, when a typical gas oven and three burners are turned on, they release the same amount of combustion by-products as a typical gas water heater. Regulations require that all gas water heaters (and gas furnaces) be connected to a chimney or a side vented directly outdoors. Not so for stoves. Gas driers are also not vented through chimneys, but through side vents. Side vents are usually located low on buildings, and vented fumes can re-enter the living areas through windows, doors and cracks.
At a conference on air quality and children's health sponsored by the New Brunswick Lung Association, much attention was given to the respiratory problems caused by moulds. Natural gas turns out to be a contributor to mould growth.
One of the principal products of gas combustion is water vapour. Cooking with gas or burning gas in any way without perfect venting generates considerable amounts of moisture. When this moisture remains inside a building it is enough to be a significant contributor to moulds. This excess moisture also provides better growing conditions for dust mites, viruses and bacteria.
Natural gas brings harmful chemicals into homes through the methane it contains. Methane (which gives the flame its blue colour as it does in propane) is an asphyxiant. It typically contains impurities and additives including radon and other radioactive materials, BTEX (benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene and xylene), organometallic compounds such as methylmercury, organoarsenic and organolead. Mercaptan odorants are also added to natural gas so that it can be detected by scent before reaching explosive levels.
The components of the gas itself, as well as products of incomplete combustion including nitrogen diozide, carbon monoxide and others, have health implications individually and synergistically, as they combine with each other and with other indoor pollutants.
"Natural gas is dangerous for several reasons," says health advocate Helen Lofgren . "Even if you don't use the gas appliance, it is always there, leaking into the environment. It is dangerous for everybody, even those who do not notice its effects. If apartment buildings converted to gas stoves and water heaters, the total effect could be quite serious," Lofgren adds. "Unplanned leaks and the danger of explosion compound the risks of gas."
Is there a safe way to use natural gas in the home? Yes and no. If you are going to use gas furnaces or water heaters, the adverse effects can be lessened considerably by putting them in a separate building downwind of the house with underground connections. Failing this, putting a state-of-the-art, totally sealed furnace and water heater in a separate sealed room with outside air intakes ducted directly into their combustion chambers, and automatic fans forcing exhaust up a chimney that extends above the roofline, will result in a substantial lessening of harmful effects. No side venting should ever be allowed.
Even taking all these precautions, when combustion gases leaving a chimney cool they become heavier than air. Depending on wind conditions, they can reenter the living space. And there is really no way at present to reduce the risk of gas appliances like stoves and clothes dryers. It is safest not to have any combustion at all inside the house.
Natural gas hearings in Nova Scotia have looked at whether there should be a gas pipeline and who should own it. But there has been no government assessment or public hearings into the health effects of home use of natural gas.
Natural gas isn't all bad news. Using gas to fire up the generators that produce electricity to heat our homes and run our appliances and in large industrial settings makes environmental and economic sense. Natural gas is a relatively clean-burning fuel and it is less polluting of our air than the coal and oil fuels we have traditionally burned.
But let's keep it far away from the air we breathe inside our houses, apartment buildings and schools. If we consider health care costs and the impact of living with illness, bringing natural gas into our homes is not a sensible choice. For More Information:
Natural Gas websites: www.geocities.com/RainForest/6847 (note especially the Medical-Environmental Report) and www..gascape.org/ The Healthy Home Handbook: All You Need to Know to Rid Your Home of Health & Safety Hazards by John Warde, Random House Inc., 1997.
Agnes Malouf is a teacher and is a member of the Board of the Nova Scotia Allergy and Environmental Health Association. David Wimberly is an environmentalist who has been concerned about the health hazards of natural gas for many years. He has made presentations on behalf of AEHA-NS and other organizations at several natural gas public hearings since1996. He can be reached by email at ag487@chebucto.ns.ca for additional information.
A man who earlier claimed to be the person featured in a viral video showing someone rescuing a rabbit from the side of a highway during a southern California wildfire may not be the celebrated bunny savior after all.
On Friday, Oscar Gonzales told NBC Los Angeles that he was the rabbit rescuer, saying he was motivated by his love for animals. He said there were two rabbits — which sounded like lost domestic pets, not wild rabbits — and that he was able to grab at least one, then release the bunny in a fire-free area. His story appeared to change when he later spoke to the Daily Mail, telling them he saved an entire “rabbit family.”
Now, a second man has told HuffPost that he's the one really featured in the video. And his story is backed up by a local veterinary office and a wildlife rehabilitation center.
Caleb Wadman, 21, told HuffPost that he was on the highway in La Conchita earlier this week when he spotted a small wild rabbit “in significant distress.”
He acted instantaneously when he saw the panicked animal.
“I just ran out,” he said. “I had faith … and that's when the bunny ran back towards the flames. And I was like, ‘No, baby bunny, I'm here. I'm going to take care of you.'”
Alyssa Schlange/California Wildlife Center The rabbit Caleb Wadman saved is now being treated at the California Wildlife Center.
Wadman reached out to HuffPost after being given contact information by Duane Tom, the director of animal care at the California Wildlife Center, where the bunny he saved is being treated. Tom told HuffPost that the rabbit, a wild female cottontail suffering from burns and heat damage, had been transferred to the center after the man later identified as Wadman brought her to Conejo Valley Veterinary Hospital.
Staff at Conejo Valley Veterinary Hospital did not mention Wadman to HuffPost by name, though their account of what happen suggests that Wadman, not Gonzales, was the man in the video. The rescuer who brought the rabbit in was wearing the exact outfit seen in the clip, and he reported he had saved the bunny from the same location where the video was shot, said receptionist Montanna Harrington. This man could not have been Gonzales, since he has said that he simply released the rabbit outside.
This information doesn't mean that Gonzales lied about saving a rabbit: It's possible that more than one rabbit rescue occurred that night. However, it appears only one was on camera. NBC Los Angeles did not reply to a request for comment about how they confirmed Gonzales was the man seen on camera.
As for the rabbit Wadman rescued, Tom told HuffPost on Friday that she was improving, but it was too soon to tell how fully she'd recover. And though some naysayers criticized the rescue, saying that a wild rabbit surely didn't need human assistance, Tom says that in this case, those people are wrong.
Alyssa Schlange/California Wildlife Center The rabbit, a female cottontail, at the California Wildlife Center.
While Tom said he would not necessarily advise that anyone put themselves or others at risk in similar situations, he said that in this case, the bunny “definitely” needed medical help.
PLAINSBORO - A 44-year-old heavily intoxicated man attempted to break into an apartment he thought was his own and had to be forced out by the residents, according to police reports.
At 6:27 p.m, Jan. 11 police were dispatched to building 16 Aspen Dr. for a report of a man attempting to gain unlawful entry into an apartment. Upon police arrival, Ptl. Nick Fazio observed the accused, George S. Lewis, to be highly intoxicated and lying on the ground within the public breezeway in front of the complainant's apartment door.
Further investigation revealed that due to his level of intoxication, Lewis had attempted to physically push his way into the victim's apartment, thinking it was his own, but the victim was able to push Lewis out and lock the door before calling the police.
The victim and his family were home at the time of the incident but no one was injured during the encounter.
Lewis, who actually resided in a nearby apartment, was subsequently arrested and charged with defiant trespassing, disorderly conduct, and harassment. Lewis was processed at police headquarters and released after his elevated level of intoxication diminished.
Today's editions of Sport and Mundo Deportivo have both lead with the headlines that the Liverpool star, fresh from breaking England hearts with Uruguay, is set to ditch his current club and head to the Catalan giants after the World Cup.
Mundo are claims "Luis Suarez wants to come to Barça" and "Luis Suarez has decided to leave Liverpool and the Premier League this summer".
The paper also suggests Chile international Alexis Sanchez will move to Anfield as part of the Suarez deal, with the whole deal amounting to 85 million euros. (£66million).
Last summer saw Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers battling to keep Suarez at the club following overtures from Premier League rivals.
Sport reports that Suarez has spoken to friends from the World Cup in Brazil and has told told them he plans to quit Anfield and complete a switch to the Catalan giants during the transfer window.
"Yes to Barça!"
Suarez and his Uruguay team-mates are currently preparing to face Group D opponents Italy on Tuesday evening to see who will progress to the World Cup last 16 alongside Costa Rica.
• Luis Suarez in fresh biting controversy against Italy
• Other sportsmen who bit opponents
• Uruguay eliminate Italy in bad-tempered clash
• Suarez's family call on striker to leave Liverpool for Barcelona
The Los Angeles Police Department today was investigating a cop party performance of a Michael Brown parody song, which mocked the victim of the infamous Ferguson, Missouri police shooting that sparked a national debate over how law enforcement interacts with unarmed black men.
The performance was a version of Jim Croce's "Bad, Bad Leroy Brown," except lyrics included the lines, "And Michael looked like some old Swiss cheese / His brain splattered on the floor / And he's dead, dead Michael Brown / The Deadest man in the whole damn town."
Protesters already planning on a 6 p.m. "Festivus" demonstration on police shootings outside LAPD headquarters tonight said they would be decrying the incident as well. The parody performance on Monday, Dec. 15 at the Glendale Elks Grand Lodge was captured on video (below).
Sevens star Masivesi Dakuwaqa has reported the loss of his gold medal to Fijian police.
Fiji sevens star Masivesi Dakuwaqa fears his Olympics gold medal may have been stolen.
Dakuwaqa says his the historic medal went missing from his home in Waqadra, Nadi last week.
He has reported his fears to police who are investigating.
Dakuwaqa was part of the Fijian squad that won Fiji's first Olympics medal at Rio last month as they beat Great Britain in the gold medal match.
READ MORE
* NZ 7s legend: Say no to Ryan
* Gordon Tietjens retires as NZ sevens coach
* Hinton: All Blacks' long shadow foils Titch in the end
* Titch – one step from true greatness
Dakuwaqa told Fijivillage he kept his gold medal in his room and realised it was missing after some visitors had been at his family home.
Namaka Police confirmed an official complaint was filed at the station on Tuesday.
Reasons why you can't lose weight
1: Rewarding Yourself with Food
The big mistake that everyone make is after they finish with their exercise they are rewarding with food.If you reward yourself with ice-cream or sandwich that may have many more calories than you've just burned off with exercise. Healthy eating still stands when you exercise.
2: Weighing In Too Often
Your weight fluctuates on a daily basis and for women, based on your monthly cycle. Continuously stepping on the scale will inevitably result in weight fluctuations. Weighing in too often made our list of top don'ts given by the experts.
3: Picking Throughout the Day
Don't think a few bites here and there matter? WRONG! With snacking can give you over 1000 extra calories per day that you may not be aware.
Instead: Jot down everything you eat and drink, even those small bites and handfuls of gummy bears throughout the day.
4: Not Enough Exercise
In order to lose weight and see more results, you need to work hard to reach the recommended amount of time you exercise.
The recommended minimum to help reduce the risk of diseases is at least 30 minutes most days of the week of moderate-intensity physical activity. For weight management, it's at least 60 minutes most days of the week.
5: Lack of Sleep
Women who didn't get enough shut eye (less than 5 hours per night) were 32 percent more likely to experience major weight gain of 33 pounds or more than compared to women who slept at least 7 hours a night.
6: Drinking Liquid Calories
Juice, soda, lemonade and chocolate milk can tack on hundreds of unwanted calories when you're trying to shed the pounds. Protein drinks and smoothies are also hidden sources of hundreds of calories, especially when numerous portions are consumed at one time.
7: Overindulging On Healthy Foods
Olive oil, nuts, brown rice, whole wheat bread and avocado are all very healthy foods. But every food has a calorie amount and a proper portion for your body. For example, 3/4 cup of cooked brown rice will run around 150 calories. Most people consume 4 to 5 times that amount at once, racking up between 600 to 750 calories just on rice!
Practice these tips and you will be able to lose weight
All the PS3, PS Vita & PSP Games With Confirmed 2013 Release Dates
To help you plan for the year ahead, we've compiled a list of all the 2013 games with confirmed release dates. By confirmed, we mean something that either has a specific date or month narrowed down. Basically, if a game has a ‘2013' or ‘Spring 2013' release window like Grand Theft Auto V, Beyond: Two Souls, and Killzone Mercenary, they won't be listed.
Check them out all out below and keep in mind that all release dates are North American and subject to change.
January 2013
Fuel Overdose (PSN) – January
Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance Demo (PSN) – January
Anarchy Reigns (PS3) – January 8th
Earth Defense Force 2017 Portable (PSV – PSN) – January 8th
God of War: Ascension Multiplayer Beta (PSN – PS+) – January 8th
Borderlands 2 ‘Sir Hammerlock's Big Game Hunt' (PSN) – January 15th
DmC Devil May Cry – January 15th
Dead Space 3 Demo (PSN) – January 22nd
Sniper: Ghost Warrior 2 (PS3) – January 15th
Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch (PS3) – January 22nd
Painkiller: Hell and Damnation (PS3) – January 22nd
Heavy Fire: Shattered Spear (PS3) – January 29th
Hitman HD: Trilogy (PS3) – January 29th
Ratchet and Clank: Full Frontal Assault (PSV – PSN) – January 29th
February 2013
Hakouki: Warriors of the Shinsengumi (PSP) – February
Dead Space 3 (PS3) – February 5th
Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage 2 (PS3) – February 5th
Sly Cooper: Thieves In Time (PS3, PSV) – February 5th
Aliens: Colonial Marines (PS3) – February 12th
MUD – FIM Motocross World Championshop (PS3) – February 12th
Crysis 3 (PS3) – February 19th
Dynasty Warriors 7: Empires (PS3 – PSN) – February 19th
Generation of Chaos: Pandora's Reflection (PSP) – February 19th
Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance (PS3) – February 19th
Blood Knights (PS3 – PSN) – February 20th
Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 Plus (PSV) – February 26th
Young Justice: Legacy (PS3) – February 26th
March 2013
Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut (PS3) – March
Fuse (PS3) – March
Metro: Last Light (PS3) – March
MLB 13: The Show (PS3, PSV) – March 5th
Sniper Elite V2: Silver Star Edition (PS3) – March 5th
Tomb Raider (PS3) – March 5th
God of War: Ascension (PS3) – March 12th
Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory (PS3) – March 12th
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 (PS3) – March 12th
Dead or Alive 5 Plus (PSV) – March 19th
Army of Two: The Devil's Cartel (PS3) – March 26th
BioShock Infinite (PS3) – March 26th
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 14 (PS3) – March 26th
April 2013
Injustice: Gods Among Us (PS3) – April
Dead Island: Riptide (PS3) – April 23rd
Star Trek (PS3) – April 23rd
May 2013
Remember Me (PS3) – May 2013
The Last Of Us (PS3) – May 7th, 2013
As soon as more games are given confirmed release dates, we'll be sure to let you know, so stay tuned to PSLS.
Which games from this list will you be picking up? Did we happen to miss anything? Let us know in the comments below.
Essential Reading:
REUTERS/Jason Lee The National Security Agency described for the first time a cataclysmic cyber threat it claims to have stopped On Sunday's "60 Minutes."
Called a BIOS attack, the exploit would have ruined, or "bricked," computers across the country, causing untold damage to the national and even global economy.
Even more shocking, CBS goes as far as to point a finger directly at China for the plot — "While the NSA would not name the country behind it, cybersecurity experts briefed on the operation told us it was China."
The NSA says it closed this vulnerability by working with computer manufacturers.
But the BIOS attack sounds staggering. From the "60 Minutes" broadcast (emphasis ours):
Debora Plunkett, director of cyber defense for the NSA:One of our analysts actually saw that the nation state had the intention to develop and to deliver — to actually use this capability — to destroy computers.
John Miller: To destroy computers?
Debora Plunkett: To destroy computers. So the BIOS is a basic input/output system. It's, like, the foundational component firmware of a computer. You start your computer up. The BIOS kicks in. It activates hardware. It activates the operating system. It turns on the computer.
This is the BIOS system which starts most computers. The attack would have been disguised as a request for a software update. If the user agreed, the virus would've infected the computer.
John Miller: So, this basically would have gone into the system that starts up the computer, runs the systems, tells it what to do.
Debora Plunkett: That's right.
John Miller: ... and basically turned it into a cinder block.
Debora Plunkett: A brick.
John Miller: And after that, there wouldn't be much you could do with that computer.
Debora Plunkett: That's right. Think about the impact of that across the entire globe. It could literally take down the U.S. economy.
John Miller: I don't mean to be flip about this. But it has kind of a little Dr. Evil quality to it that, "I'm going to develop a program that can destroy every computer in the world." It sounds almost unbelievable.
Debora Plunkett: Don't be fooled. There are absolutely nation states who have the capability and the intentions to do just that.
John Miller: And based on what you learned here at NSA, would it have worked?
Debora Plunkett: We believe it would have, yes.
John Miller: Is this anything that's been talked about publicly before?
Debora Plunkett: No, not — not to this extent. This is the first time. The NSA, working with computer manufacturers, was able to close this vulnerability, but they say there are other attacks occurring daily.
It's long been known that cyberattacks on critical infrastructure could level much of America's economy. The difference here is the target.
Previous defense estimates focus on critical infrastructure — water, electricity, nuclear power— whereas this BIOS attack is solely focused on destroying computers.
A similar attack occurred last year, when a militant group called "The Cutting Sword of Justice" launched an attack on a Saudi oil company, Aramco, which disabled the hard drives of 30,000 computers, destroying all stored data.
Though CBS reports that the BIOS plot came from a "nation-state" (allegedly China), experts and analysts largely don't expect massive cyberattacks from the world's largest nations due to the interconnectivity of the global economy.
It's groups like "The Cutting Sword" — whose attacks occur because of perceived inequality of that economy — that have the world's most powerful governments scrambling to patch up the holes in their cybersecurity.
Jensen Ackles, Jared Padalecki
A lot has changed over the years on Supernatural except one thing — the Winchesters sure do die a lot.
Sam (Jared Padalecki) and Dean (Jensen Ackles) combined have died a grand total of 117 times during their decade-long mission to carry out the family business of saving people, hunting things. They've been offed by everything from a taco to Hellhounds to run-of-the mill gunshot wounds. But how do they always manage to come back? And how many times has death actually left a lasting impression on either brother? Plus: Which brother has bitten the bullet the most?
What the Supernatural musical episode should look like
We break down every death Supernatural's first nine seasons and what they've meant for the Winchesters and for the show.
Supernatural returns Tuesday, Oct. 7 at 9/8c.
1. He Thought Long Term. Even though Google has been the fastest rocket ship growth company in the history of capitalism, it was still SIX YEARS from Bezo's investment in the company to liquidity. Private equity overnight successes simply do not exist.
While Bezos does not disclose how many of those shares he still holds, at the current price of Google stock they would represent an investment position of over $1.5 billion . Why did Bezos invest in Google? In his words, “…There was no business plan…They had a vision. It was a customer-focused point of view.” And more tellingly he adds, “I just fell in love with Larry and Sergey.” In addition to being a tale to which the normal reaction is to just say “wow,” Bezos' Google investment offers a number of great lessons for aspiring, private company investors:
To be filed firmly in the categories of the rich get richer and it does usually make sense to belucky and good, this week's New Yorker notes that Jeff Bezos was one of the early investors in Google.Yes,Jeff Bezos. Founder of Amazon.com. #33 on last year's Forbes' 400 with a net worth of over $8.7 billion.The story is this - in 1998 when Larry Page's and Sergey Brin's Google offices were a Menlo Park, California garage - Bezos invested $250,000 of personal funds into the fledgling search engine in a $1 million follow-on investment round.When Google went public in 2004, that $250,000 investment translated into 3.3 million shares of Google stock. At Google's IPO that represented a stock share position worth
2. He Got In Early. Sure, it would have been great to get into Google at its IPO price of $85/share, especially as the shares are up over 535% since then. But Bezos got in, after adjusting for stock splits, at EIGHT CENTS PER SHARE!
Talk about leverage. That translates to a 112,000 percent increase from investment to IPO, and then if he held onto the shares to another 535% on top of that.
3. He Invested in People. At the time of Bezo's investment, there were a large number of very well-funded and far more successful search engines already on the market. Remember this was 1998 not 1994. Yahoo. Alta Vista. Lycos. Excite. Looksmart. Webcrawler. Infoseek. Inktomi and GoTo to name just a few.
But Bezos was attracted to Page and Brin as people, as technologists, as leaders. And obviously their customer-centric focus really tracked the way that Bezos looks at the world and is embodied in the Amazon customer service experience.
So while a business opportunity, in its abstract is great, evaluating the people leading a business is a FAR MORE RELEVANT investing best practice.
4. He Took a Shot. For every Jeff Bezos who invested in Google, there are stories of literally dozens of investors that were presented with the opportunity and did not.
This of course does not mean that the probability of any early stage private company investor having a Google-like success in their portfolio is anything but very low, but it does mean that it is far greater than the ZERO percent likelihood of success of those who did not invest.
As they say, you can't win if you don't play.
5. He Got Lucky. As hard as it is for many to accept, luck is a key, and sometimes the key, variable in successful investing.
As opposed to fighting or getting philosophical re this reality, a far better question to ask is “How can I improve my likelihood of, for lack of a better turn of phrase, getting lucky?
Best regards, and look forward to connecting.
--
Jay Turo
CEO
Growthink, Inc
The CW continues its annual round of early renewals with a nod to midseason staple The 100, which has been picked up for a fifth season.
The serialized sci-fi drama, which successfully weathered a controversy over the killing off of a lesbian character last season, was one of the first CW series designed for shorter runs and the first to go the distance. It airs 13-season installments in spring.
The 100 was created by Jason Rothenberg, who is expected to remain executive producer and showrunner. Rothenberg has a pilot at the CW, Searchers. If it goes to series, I hear The 100 may beef up its top ranks with a co-showrunner or strong No.2.
With The 100 pickup, the CW for a third straight year has given early renewals to all returning scripted series currently on its schedule, sans those whose ends have been announced (this year, that's The Vampire Diaries and Reign). The 100 joins Arrow (renewed for Season 6), The Flash (Season 4), DC's Legends of Tomorrow (Season 3), Supergirl (Season 3) as well as veteran Supernatural and praised comedies Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (Season 3) and Jane the Virgin (Season 4).
Additionally, the CW just gave a Season 2 pickup to Riverdale, the first freshman show this season to get a renewal. The network's new fall entries, No Tomorrow and Frequency, are considered very long shots unless either gets major traction with their reruns, currently available on Netflix.
Yet to debut are the new seasons of iZombie and The Originals, whose fate will be an April-May decision.
The 100 has done solid business, running on par with such other renewed CW series as Jane the Virgin and Riverdale. Like those two, it sees significant amounts of delayed and digital viewing. The 100 averages a +70% increase in total viewers, a +73% gain in adults 18-34, and an +86% jump in adults 18-49 in Live+7 day ratings over Live+Same Day.
Based on the book series by Kass Morgan, The 100 is from Alloy Entertainment, Warner Bros. Television and CBS Television Studios with executive producers Rothenberg and Leslie Morgenstein.
Landmark study to track ‘pioneer' generation of transgender children
Deborah Bach News and Information
Marlo Mack's son was 3 years old when he told her very adamantly that he was not a boy, but a girl.
Unsure what to do, Mack went in search of answers. She found little information online, her pediatrician knew nothing about transgender children, and even a psychologist who specialized in child identity issues couldn't answer her questions. Mack quickly learned there was almost no research that could help her determine whether to allow her son to live as a girl, or tell her what might happen if she did.
“It's like stepping into the abyss,” said Mack, who uses a pseudonym to protect her child's identity. “There are almost no resources out there.”
A new study by Kristina Olson, a University of Washington assistant professor of psychology, aims to provide insight that could help parents like Mack. The study's initial results, which are being published soon in Psychological Science, involved 32 transgender children ages 5 to 12 from around the U.S. who are living as their identified gender in all aspects of their lives and in supportive environments.
The paper, believed to be the first ever to focus on this group of children, is intended to launch the first large-scale, nationwide, longitudinal study of transgender children in the United States. Its co-authors are Nicholas Eaton at Stony Brook University and Aidan Key of Gender Diversity, a Seattle organization that provides training and runs support groups for families of gender-nonconforming children.
The research is part of the broader TransYouth Project, an initiative based out of the UW's Social Cognitive Development Lab that seeks to engage collaborators nationwide to better understand gender development in gender-nonconforming youth. Mack's child is participating in the research, and Olson ultimately hopes to recruit more than 100 children; families can sign up through the project's website.
Olson embarked on the project a year ago, partly out of her interest in how children think about social groups, but also because she'd witnessed the challenges of a close friend with a transgender child.
“Seeing how little scientific information there was, basically nothing for parents, was hard to watch,” Olson said. “Doctors were saying, ‘We just don't know,' so the parents have to make these really big decisions: Should I let my kid go to school as a girl, or should I make my kid go to school as a boy? Should he be in therapy to try to change what he says he is, or should he be supported?”
Olson's study sought to determine how deeply held a participant's gender identity was, or whether transgender children were, as others have suggested, confused or simply pretending to be the opposite gender. The research combined the children's own self-reporting about gender with tests that assessed the speed at which they associated with various concepts of male and female.
The study found that participants' responses were indistinguishable from those of two control groups, suggesting that “this identity is a deeply held one.”
The findings are likely to be controversial. The notion that prepubescent children can be legitimately transgender has been met with skepticism in the public realm. And some experts believe the best approach for gender-variant children is not to allow them to live as the “opposite” gender, but to instead try to help them be comfortable with their biological gender.
But growing numbers of doctors, parents and mental health professionals are advocating that children be permitted to live as their identified gender. The attitude shift is motivated at least in part by the often tragic outcomes for transgender people. Forty-one percent of transgender people attempt suicide, compared with 1.6 percent among the general population, and transgender adults face staggeringly high rates of unemployment, poverty, discrimination and homelessness.
The risks to transgender children were driven starkly home by the Dec. 28 death of Ohio transgender teen Leelah Alcorn. The 17-year-old committed suicide after posting an online letter saying her conservative Christian parents isolated her and refused to allow her to transition from male to female.
Key, who helped to develop questions and assisted with recruitment for Olson's study, said he's met parents of transgender children as young as 5 years old who have significant anxiety and depression, even suicidal impulses.
“Families are searching for information,” he said. “Nobody wants a child to say, ‘I wish I were dead' when they're 6 years old.”
Key said previous research and treatment have been hampered by a fear that allowing children to transition to their expressed gender will track them into becoming transgender adults. Rather than forcing children to live as their assigned gender, Key said, allowing simple measures such as using a different name or altering their hair makes them feel validated and supported.
“Then if that child were to change their mind, they would just change back,” he said.
Key expects Olson's research will affirm what parents he works with have discovered — that embracing their children's identities leads to happier, healthier young adults.
“The evidence is there in the lives of their children,” he said. “The research is struggling to catch up. That's why Kristina's work is so powerful.”
Olson hopes to follow the children in her initial study into adulthood to observe how the support they have received influences their development and whether it translates into more positive outcomes than in today's transgender adults.
“We have absolutely no idea what their lives will look like, because there are very few transgender adults today who lived as young kids expressing their gender identity,” Olson said. “That's all the more reason why this particular generation is important to study. They're the pioneers.”
Mack started a podcast, How to Be a Girl, and a blog to chronicle her experiences with her daughter and share information with other parents. She hopes Olson's work will ultimately help parents like her determine how likely their children are to remain fixed in their gender identities.
“That's the 64-million-dollar question,” she said. “That's what everybody wants to know.”
On June 14, 2015, a terrified throng of men and women, many clutching babies and young children by the backs of their shirts, stampeded their way through a narrow opening in a chain-link and barbed-wire fence separating Tal Abyad, a city controlled by the Islamic State, and the Turkish border town of Akcakale. They were fleeing vicious fighting between ISIS militants and Kurdish forces, which were trying to regain Tal Abyad, even as the Turkish military, on the other side of the fence, was trying to keep the border closed. Within hours, several thousand Syrians—a majority of them women and children—squeezed through the gap until ISIS fighters stopped the exodus at gunpoint.
Yet one more horror in a war that has delivered them almost daily, the event nevertheless stood out for what it showed about the sheer complexity of the human catastrophe now unfolding in Syria. Back in the summer of 2013, when we undertook a comprehensive investigation for The New York Review of the Syrian refugee crisis, it seemed to us that it couldn't get much worse. There were nearly three million officially registered refugees, and nearly one-third of Syria's entire population of 22.5 million—a staggering number—had been uprooted from their homes. Visiting border areas in Jordan, Turkey, Lebanon, and Northern Iraq, we found Syrians struggling to survive, in makeshift encampments, abandoned buildings, dirt-floor houses, and squalid apartments. Almost half of them were children, and many were unable to go to school.
Still, there seemed to be many ways to address the crisis. However daunting such measures might be in practice, food could be distributed, camps erected, medical checkups provided, schools built. For humanitarian aid workers, the overriding concern was raising sufficient international funds—the UN target at the time was a record 5.2 billion dollars—and ensuring that there was sufficient infrastructure to cope with the vast numbers of people flowing into neighboring countries.
Even as we reported the story, however, there were signs that the conflict itself was turning in an ominous new direction. Turkey, we noted, had become a major conduit for fighters into Syria; while Jordan and Iraq, fearful of destabilization, were intermittently closing their borders. In Lebanon's Bekaa Valley, we visited towns whose sons were fighting for the Syrian regime but that were filled with refugees who supported the opposition.
Then, in the second half of 2013, came the alarming and widely unanticipated spread of ISIS across much of eastern Syria. By the following spring, ISIS had decisively brought the conflict to western Iraq as well, creating a humanitarian crisis that now spanned most of the Levant. The conquest of Mosul alone, in June 2014, displaced some 500,000 people virtually overnight; in Tikrit, further south, almost the entire population of some 200,000 would be chased out of the city during nine months under ISIS rule. Even for an especially brutal conflict, upheavals on this scale were almost unimaginable two years ago.
Still worse off, however, were the millions of people, in both Syria and Iraq, who were now prevented from fleeing and largely cut off from international aid. In August 2014, Jan Egeland, a former UN diplomat and the director of the Norwegian Refugee Council, told us it was time for international organizations to get over their qualms and deliver food and medicine to Syrians trapped in areas held by the Islamic State. Few listened. As of June 2015, by the UN's own account, it had managed to reach only 5 percent of the nearly five million people it estimated were in need in “hard to reach areas” of Syria; of these some 2.7 million were in ISIS-controlled territory, “where humanitarian access continued to decline.”
So ineffective has the international response become that in March 2015, a group of twenty-one leading NGOs formally accused the UN Security Council of “failing to implement” its own resolutions on Syria, abetting what they called the “worst year” of the Syrian crisis to date. Meanwhile, the numbers keep going up: there were 700,000 new Syrian refugees in the first four months of 2015 alone—a rate that exceeds that of any other period in the war—pushing the total number of Syrians registered with the UN to more than four million. As of the summer of 2015, nearly half the entire population of Syria is displaced; and in Syria and Iraq together, there are now some 14 million people in need of humanitarian assistance.
Meanwhile, much of the burden for helping those who have fled has fallen on Syria's beleaguered neighbors, which have scarce resources to deal with them. There are now nearly two million Syrians in Turkey, more than a million in Lebanon (where they are now one of every five people), more than a half million in Jordan, and more than one hundred thousand in Egypt. With their situation increasingly precarious in these countries, many Syrians have died trying to get to Europe. Those remaining in the Middle East have increasingly been forced to put their children to work on the street to get what money they can to survive.
Among the more poignant stories we encountered in Lebanon in 2013 was that of Wafa Hamakurdi, a woman from Aleppo whose family had taken refuge in Shatila, the extremely poor, decades-old Palestinian refugee camp in south Beirut. They had gone to Shatila not because they are Palestinian—they are not—but because it was the only place they could afford. Two years hence, she says, her husband is still unable to work because he fears being caught by the Lebanese authorities. Recently, after her two daughters, fourteen and seventeen, were harassed, they moved to another poor neighborhood in south Beirut. Her three older sons, fifteen, twenty-two, and twenty-three, have dropped out of school and university to support the family; her youngest son, who is ten, has been unable to find a place in school, because there were too many Syrian students. If things got really bad in Lebanon, she said back in 2013, she would go back to Syria, because “if you die in your country, somebody will bury you.” Now, she says, that may no longer be true: most of their extended family has left Syria, too.
With Lebanon, Jordan, and Turkey unable or unwilling to absorb more Syrians, pressure has grown on wealthy Western countries to do more. There are now some 300,000 Syrians who have applied for asylum in Europe. Apart from Sweden and Germany, however, most countries have been reluctant to take them in. Among those who have managed—often through dangerous negotiations with smugglers—to reach Europe was Ahmet Nassan, the physician we met in Gaziantep, Turkey in 2013. We tracked him down in Dortmund, Germany, where he is looking for work. “It's a very long story,” he said. But he is completely cut off from his family. His mother and sister and her two young children remain in Turkey; while his daughter and ex-wife are still in Syria, where he has not heard from them since the first year of the conflict. His brother-in-law was killed by a bomb in Syria.
The greatest threat facing Syria's refugees today is indifference. On June 15, a day after legions of terrified Syrians fled from Tal Abyad to the Turkish border, Kurdish forces successfully retook the town from ISIS. This was an important strategic victory in the US-led campaign against the Islamic State. But despite pledges by Kurdish leaders to allow some 20,000 refugees—many of them Sunni Arabs and Turkmen—to return, few have been able to do so.
With the war now in its fifth year and Western governments preoccupied by fears of jihadists striking on their own soil, it is hard for humanitarian organizations even to make the case for Syrians in need. In early July 2015—during the holy month of Ramadan—the World Food Program and the UN Refugee Agency announced they were reducing food vouchers to Syrians in Lebanon by one third. And last week, facing severe budget shortfalls, the World Food Program cut food assistance by half to some 200,000 refugees in Jordan. A few weeks earlier, at a hearing on Syrian refugees in the US Congress, legislators from both parties raised concerns that terrorists would use the refugee system to gain access to the United States. The US has accepted fewer than one thousand Syrian refugees so far—more made it through that hole in the fence at the Syrian-Turkish border during a few hours in June.
(Adapted from an essay in Flight from Syria: Refugee Stories, a collection of writing and photography supported by the Pulitzer Center that will be published on September 15.)
Image copyright AFP Image caption Nearly 30 people were also injured in the attack, including children
At least 14 people have been killed in a Pakistan bombing which militants say was in revenge for the execution of a policeman turned assassin.
The suicide attack, at the entrance to a court in the north-western town of Shabqadar, wounded nearly 30 others, police told local media.
Militants said it was to avenge the hanging last week of Mumtaz Qadri, who was seen by many as a religious hero.
Qadri killed the governor of Punjab in 2011 for opposing blasphemy laws.
Shabqadar is located on the border of the tribal district of Mohmand, which remains volatile years after the military said it had been cleared of militants.
"The court and judges were our target as their practices are un-Islamic," a spokesperson for Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a splinter group of Tehrik-e Taliban Pakistan (TTP), told Pakistan's Express Tribune.
Why did Pakistan keep hard-line mourners off air?
How Punjab governor's killer became a hero
Analysis: M Ilyas Khan, BBC News, Islamabad
The attack in Shabqadar is the first response by Taliban militants to last week's execution of Mumtaz Qadri, a former police guard who had shot dead a provincial governor for alleged blasphemy. It took place in the same region where a similar attack on a university campus in January left more than 20 people dead.
This region in north-western Pakistan is located on the border with Pakistan's semi-autonomous Mohmand tribal district, which adjoins the Afghan province of Kunar.
In the past, the area has been home to the so-called Mohmand Taliban, a regional ally of Tehrik-e Taliban Pakistan (TTP). But most of its sanctuaries were eliminated by the military in a series of operations during 2011-12.
However, the Mohmand Taliban slipped into neighbouring Kunar, from where they have continued to be able to launch attacks inside Pakistan.
Pakistani officials have been raising the issue with the Afghan authorities, but many analysts suggest Kabul doesn't have the resources to establish its authority in the remote mountainous region.
A gathering of death related links that I have encountered in the past month or so. From somber to hilarious, from informative to creepy, here's a snippet of things that have been reported on or journaled about related to matters of death & dying & mortality.
💀 Obituaries my mother wrote for me while I was still living
💀 From fears to fascinations, what exactly is a death salon?
💀 Death Talk Is Cool At This Festival
💀 The Little Book of Burial
💀 Remains of the Day: Here Are the New Ways to Dispose of Your Body
💀 Undertakers Deadly Serious About Gravedigging Championship
💀 When is it appropriate to laugh again after grief?
💀 Visiting my dead dad on Google Street View
💀 EXPIRED–A Death-Positive game for mortals
💀 How to Build a Nursery for a Dying Baby
💀 Planning For Your Death — Why It's Crucial For The Living
💀 We Live On the Internet. We Die Alone.
💀 A Different Kind Of Grief: Mourning The Loss Of A Twitter Friend
Previous installments:
Links of the Dead for May 2016
Links of the Dead for April 2016
Links of the Dead for March 2016
Links of the dead for February 2016
Links of the dead for January 2016
Links of the dead for December 2015
Links of the dead for November 2015
Links of the dead for September 2015
Links of the dead for August 2015
Less than 1 percent of the $61 million brought in by Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's fundraising vehicle with state parties has stayed with the state parties, according to Politico's analysis of the latest Federal Election Commission filings.
The Hillary Victory Fund includes Clinton's presidential campaign, the Democratic National Committee and 32 state party committees. The fund lets Clinton receive checks of $350,000 or more from her supporters.
ADVERTISEMENT
When Clinton launched the fundraising vehicle last summer, she said "when our state parties are strong, we win" and that she would "rebuild our party from the ground up."
The fund has transferred $3.8 million to the state parties, according to Politico, but $3.3 million of that cash was then transferred to the DNC. The fund has transferred $15.4 million to Clinton's campaign and $5.7 million to the DNC.
Politico reported that $23.3 million spent by the fund has been used for expenses that reportedly directly help the Clinton campaign, such as $2.8 million for salary and overhead and $8.6 million for web advertising.
The fund has spurred concern among some state party officials. One official with a participating state party called it a "one-sided benefit."
“The DNC has given us some guidance on what they're saying, but it's not clear what we should be saying,” the official said, according to Politico.
“I don't think anyone wants to get crosswise with the national party because we do need their resources. But everyone who entered into these agreements was doing it because they were asked to, not because there are immediately clear benefits.”
Josh Schwerin, a spokesman for Clinton's campaign, said some key state parties last month got $700,000 in transfers from the fund, though he did not detail how much of that money was then transferred to the DNC.
“About $4.5 million has already been transferred to state parties and there is an additional $9 million on hand that will be distributed over the coming months as state parties ramp up for the general election,” he said in an email.
He said in April, “money raised through the [Hillary Victory Fund] has started to be used to fund Democratic coordinated campaigns across the country, which will help strengthen the party and elect Democrats up and down the ballot.”
Rival Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE's campaign signed a joint fundraising agreement with the DNC last year, according to Politico, but it has not been active.
The Hillary Victory Fund distributes money based on a formula: The first $2,700 goes to the Clinton campaign, the next $33,400 goes to the DNC and the remaining funds go to state parties. After the original distribution though, the Clinton campaign determines what happens to the cash.
The Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party received $43,500 from the fund on Nov. 2 last year but then transferred the same amount to the DNC the same day, Politico reported.
Sanders ripped the Clinton-DNC fundraising earlier this year, arguing that it raises "serious apparent violations" of the campaign finance laws in a letter sent to the DNC. Sanders's campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, said it was "unprecedented for the DNC to allow a joint committee to be exploited to the benefit of one candidate in the midst of a contested nominating contest."
In response, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said the letter was "shameful" and that Sanders should "think about what he can do to help the party he is seeking to lead."
OAKLAND — The last time Greg Lowrie could string sentences together and move his legs, he was riding his bicycle to a West Oakland clinic from the RV he shares with his mother behind a tall steel gate in the Lower Bottoms.
At a nearby intersection, he was struck by a pickup truck driver. As he lay unconscious, people on the street took his wallet and the wallet of the 80-year-old driver, and ran off.
A remarkable tale has sprouted from the lows of that day in January, when he came to Highland Hospital with severe head trauma and little hope of surviving.
Three weeks ago, he awoke from a coma, his mother, Maggie Lowrie, said. On Thursday, he spoke for the first time since the accident.
He knew his name. His age: 25. And he had been listening to his mom speak for weeks, asking him to say hello when he could.
Maggie Lowrie flashed a smile on Friday at the East Oakland hospital as she recalled getting off an elevator a day earlier. Excited nurses called her into her son's room.
“He said, ‘Hi, mom.'” Until then, “I wasn't sure he knew who I was,” she said.
His ordeal began Jan. 13 when Greg Lowrie was struck by a pickup truck driver at Union and 8th streets, not far from his RV at Pine and 10th streets. People who were nearby walked up and took his wallet as he lay suffering from a bad head injury.
The theft case is still open and no one has been arrested, Officer Frank Bonifacio said this week. The truck driver, who remained at the scene, was not arrested.
Lowrie was rushed to Highland Hospital, where he scored a 3 on the Glasgow Coma Scale, used to measure a person's level of consciousness.
“To put that in perspective, it's as low as you can get,” said Gregory Victorino, the hospital's chief of trauma services. “It's like a rock. A rock would have a GCS of 3.
“Those first couple of days to weeks, I wasn't sure he was going to make it.”
The head wound was just one issue. Lowrie also had a cervical spine fracture, his spleen was bleeding, and his pelvis was fractured, Victorino said. To complicate matters, Lowrie was born with a heart defect. Surgically repairing his pelvis was too risky, and the bone is healing on its own for now, Victorino said.
“He's slowly recovered over time,” Victorino said. “I don't know if you want to call it a miracle, just the fact that he did pull through that is pretty amazing.”
On Friday, Lowrie lay in his hospital bed with his mother by his side. She massages his legs and feet to alleviate soreness from being bedridden, clips his nails and cuts his hair.
A tracheotomy tube helped him breathe, and a feeding tube was inserted in his stomach. He wore glasses to see his guests. His words are few, but he tugged at his mother's hand to communicate.
“Tell me, does this bother you?” she asked. He answered yes. Since he began speaking Thursday, he's pieced together one sentence: “Show me how to get out of here.”
The 25-year-old Berkeley native has spent much of his life in hospitals. He's had three heart surgeries attempting to repair his heart defect, the latest when he was 18, his mother said. At age 10, he suffered a stroke. Two years ago, surgeons operated on his gallbladder, hoping it would relieve his frequent fits of vomiting, his mother said. When it didn't, he began using heroin to numb his pain, but he was going to a methadone clinic for six months before his accident, his mother said.
Around the same time the family fell on hard times. Maggie Lowrie, a single mother who was a lawyer, was disbarred in May 2013, state records show. She said she failed to show up to hearings for clients in civil cases. She also defaulted on a mortgage loan and lost the home on Channing Way in Berkeley as she wrestled with depression after her disbarment.
After living in the home for 24 years, they moved to the Lower Bottoms in West Oakland in an RV, next to neighbors in tents and roaming dogs.
To visit her son, which she does daily, Maggie Lowrie rides more than 3 miles from West Oakland to Lake Merritt, where she catches a bus to Highland Hospital. The hospital recently bought her a new bicycle after hers was stolen.
“I didn't think I was this strong,” Maggie Lowrie said Friday. “I've put my depression in the back seat.”
This month, officials expect to move Greg Lowrie to the hospital's rehabilitation center in San Leandro, where he will learn to talk and walk. It usually takes six months to a year from a head injury for doctors to know what a patient's future brain function will be, but Victorino said his progress so far is encouraging.
“The future is going to be a long and slow course,” he said.
David DeBolt covers breaking news. Contact him at 510-208-6453. Follow him at Twitter.com/daviddebolt.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians took to the streets in the Maspero section of Cairo to protest the government's failure to protect them from attacks on their churches. While the protests began peacefully, violence ensued after the Christians were attacked by civilians. The Egyptian military exacerbated the situation when army personnel carriers plowed through the crowds, crushing protesters as soldiers fired on unarmed civilians.
This horrifying massacre occurred on Oct. 9, 2011. What began as a peaceful protest to express frustration over attacks on Coptic churches ended in the staggering loss of innocent human life. Nearly 30 protesters died, many of them Copts, and 500 people were injured on that tragic day. The Rev. Filopater Gameel, a Coptic priest and eyewitness to the Maspero massacre, stated that “tens of thousands were devastated as they watched innocent civilians crushed and shot to death, and their only crime was participating in a peaceful march to reject the destruction of their church.”
Now, after the election of Egypt's new Islamist President Mohammed Morsi, the Copts are terrified about their fate in Egypt. Since the Maspero attack, not one member of the Egyptian armed services has been convicted. In fact, the Egyptian panel responsible for leading the investigations closed the case because of a supposed “lack of identification of the culprits.” Even a simple YouTube search reveals how Egyptian army personnel carriers rammed into crowds of unarmed protesters during the demonstrations. Friends and relatives of the Maspero victims have vowed to continue fighting for justice and even considered taking the case to international courts.
Coptic Christians in Egypt have long suffered discrimination and violence. During a 2011 New Year's Eve service at a Coptic church in Alexandria, for instance, a bomb explosion killed more than 20 and injured 70. The brutal attacks in Alexandria and in Cairo's Maspero section occurred shortly before the fall of the Mubarak regime and during the subsequent interim military government.
Bishop Angaelos, general bishop of the Coptic Orthodox Church in the United Kingdom, succinctly described the plight of the Copts in Egypt, especially after the Arab Spring: “I think the problem is ever since the [Arab] uprising, there is still no accountability. We've had churches bulldozed, we've had churches burnt down, we've had Christians killed, we've had villages torched, and it's almost the same as it was before. No one's been brought to justice, no convictions, and so therefore, no justice at all.” The impunity with which the attacks against Coptic Christians were carried out is striking and deeply troubling.
The new government led by the Muslim Brotherhood's Mr. Morsi now openly seeks to permanently enshrine dictatorial arrogance and blatant disregard for religious freedom in the Egyptian constitution. Mr. Morsi pushed for a speedy vote Saturday to adopt a new constitution profoundly dangerous for Egypt's Coptic community. Groups opposed to the constitutional draft argued that the drafting Constitutional Assembly had been dominated by Mr. Morsi's extremist allies, and the drafting process lacked transparency.
Islamist movements in Egypt certainly have dominated Egypt's political process, and the Copts are among the main casualties. When the Islamist-dominated Constitutional Assembly drafted the constitution, they insisted on the supremacy of Egypt's religious identity, not the nation's joint civil identity. The new constitution can now legitimately sanction religious discrimination.
Once the constitution begins to take effect, we will witness a new era of additional repression in Egypt. The first few constitutional articles — the foundation of Egypt's new legal framework — are especially frightening once the implications are assessed and the articles are viewed in context of one another. Article 2 maintains that Shariah, Islamic religious law, is the basis of legislation. Religious freedom analysts have argued that Article 3 essentially sends Egyptian society to a pre-modern system where non-Muslims were extended a limited degree of state protection but were relegated to second-class citizenry in public life. Additionally, Article 4 gives a non-elected, sectarian body, not the Egyptian parliament, arbitration rights to decide how Shariah and current and subsequent legislation should be implemented for all Egyptian citizens.
Furthermore, Article 219 reaffirms that Islamists monopolized the constitutional drafting. Language within this article is unprecedented for Egypt. The article requires that the law be measured for consistency with legal principles found in Sunni Islamic law.
Religious life, as a whole, is under grave threat in Egypt. Article 43 severely limits the freedom of religion and permits only the “heavenly religions” of Islam, Judaism and Christianity to build houses of worship. The Egyptian Baha'is, for instance, and other groups not recognized as “heavenly religions,” would not have freedom of religion or even the freedom to worship.
The legal framework that should ensure equality for all Egyptian society is severely compromised in this new constitution. The United States, and the Obama administration in particular, must undertake every effort to side with the principles of religious freedom for all and underscore the importance of religious pluralism. Unless this happens, Egypt may be completely swallowed up by an Islamist dictatorship as a result of this constitution, and the Coptic Christians and other religious groups will be in extreme peril under a Morsi regime.
Rep. Trent Franks, Arizona Republican, is co-chairman of the International Religious Freedom Caucus.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A federal jury has awarded $1 million in an excessive-force lawsuit to a man Austin police punched in the face and used a Taser on during a 2011 arrest on a charge that was later dismissed.
The jury late Thursday found that Austin police officer Russell Rose was fully liable for the injuries and future pain caused during Carlos Chacon's arrest, which his attorney says caused about $5,000 in injuries. The jury granted immunity for the other officer sued, Eric Copeland.
The federal suit began trial began on Monday in front of a jury of seven. The jury delivered the verdict at about 6 p.m. after deliberating for a day and a half finding that the officers violated Chacon's Fourth Amendment rights during his arrest in April 2011.
"I think it's fair," said Broadus Spivey, one of Chacon's attorneys. "If I were on the jury I would have awarded him even more money."
Officials said the city is evaluating its options in response to the award, which must still be approved by U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks.
Chacon, 56, was bloodied and bruised during his arrest that came after Chacon had called 911 twice from a area of a North Austin motel where he believed a man with a gun had threatened him while he was driving.
Copeland and Rose arrived and when Chacon pulled his vehicle near Rose, the officer drew his gun and pointed it at Chacon. According to court documents, Rose never identified himself as an Austin police officer and spoke to Chacon in statements laced with profanity, the documents said.
When Chacon exited his vehicle, a scuffle ensued as officers handcuffed him and put him on the ground, with Copeland punching Chacon twice in the face as he continued to struggle. Chacon continued to struggle until Rose fired a Taser at him, the documents said.
The incident was captured by a police dashboard camera.
Chacon was charged with resisting arrest, but the charge was later dismissed. Rose remains on the force and was not disciplined because of the incident, Chacon's attorney said.
]]
On Friday, gold prices increased $17.10 per ounce while silver gained 49 cents. Despite volatile trading for the precious metals, both logged positive gains for the first quarter of 2012. Gold climbed about 6.5 percent and silver surged 16 percent. Both metals continue to receive support as countries around the world weigh financial fears. Reports of a new emerging market bank are highlighting concerns about troubled currencies.
Last week, World Bank President Robert Zoellick endorsed a new bank to be created by the top five emerging economies. The countries include: Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. These five countries account for almost 30 percent of the global economy. The new BRICS bank will almost certainly rival the western and U.S. dominated IMF and World Bank. However, Zoellick said that not having Russia and China as part of “the World Bank system” would be a “mistake of historic proportions,” according to GoldCore.
Don't Miss: Will Monetary Policy and Inflation Continue to Support Gold?
One of the biggest developments that is likely to occur with the new BRICS bank is the promotion of the five countries to conduct trade in their own currencies, avoiding the U.S dollar as the global reserve currency. GoldCore explains, “The leaders of BRIC nations and other emerging market nations have adopted the idea of conducting trade between the five nations in their own currencies. Two agreements, signed among the development banks of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, say that local currency loans will be made available for trade between these countries.”
Trading in local currencies will also allow the BRICS to hedge their foreign exchange reserves against the uncertainties facing the U.S. dollar and euro. Many countries are already hedging by purchasing gold. According to the latest data from the World Gold Council, central banks purchased a net total of 440 tonnes of gold in 2011, compared to only 77 tonnes in the previous year. It was the largest amount of net purchases by central banks since 1964. Russia was a large buyer of gold, adding around 95 tonnes in 2011. Chinese official gold reserves numbers are not easily obtained, but some analysts believe the country purchased almost 500 tonnes of gold last year. In 2009, the People's Bank of China confirmed that it had nearly doubled its gold reserves since 2004, after secretly purchasing significant amounts of the precious metal. With emerging markets increasing the use of local currencies and gold holdings, it is not outside the realm of possibility that some currencies may have some form of a gold peg or standard.
As the BRICS and other countries raise concerns about the currencies of developed nations such as the U.S. and Europe, it is hard to imagine that gold will not have a larger role with international trade. The Federal Reserve's current zero interest rate policy is hurting the greenback and future quantitative easing programs will only add insult to injury. Meanwhile, the Greek debt tragedy is slowly coming back into the spotlight. Bloomberg reported Monday morning that investors in Greek bonds issued under foreign law did not accept recently made restructuring attempts. The closest maturity date on the international bonds is May 15, when holders of a 450 million-euro floating rate note are due payment. Greece's inability to pay on the note could easily spark more euro zone fears, adding even more allure to safe-havens such as gold and silver.
Investor Insight: Should Investors Activate Gold and Silver Airbags?
If you would like to receive professional analysis on equity miners and other precious metal investments, we invite you to try our premium service free for 14 days.
Disclosure: Long EXK, AG, HL, PHYS
To contact the reporter on this story: Eric McWhinnie at staff.writers@wallstcheatsheet.com
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Damien Hoffman at editors@wallstcheatsheet.com
Surprisingly enough, the ice didn't melt in the Phoenix desert, and Game 1 did in fact take place between the Coyotes and the Los Angeles Kings.
The Kings won this opening series game 4-2 pretty easily, or so it seemed, having a 23 SOG advantage over the Coyotes.
Even after having a week off, the Coyotes looked weak. They knew it too. “This is the conference (finals). We didn't play well enough for a regular season game,” said Captain Shane Doan.
Jerry Brown of NHL.com reported: “Hoping that a week of rest might cool down the NHL's hottest team, Phoenix had all kinds of trouble keeping pace and didn't match the effort from the opening faceoff.” Too true. The ‘Yotes held on through the first and second, but there is no denying they were out-hustled and too exhausted by the third to keep up.
Anze Kopitar had the first goal of the game with a tasty back-hander giving the Kings a 1-0 lead about seven minutes into the first.
The highlight moment for the Coyotes (had they won could have made this guy the “hero of the game”), was Derek Morris' bomb from the red line. This 98-foot slap shot at 13:26 into the first period skimmed off the ice and sailed over Quick's outstretched right pad to tie the score at 1-1.
Second period produced another goal from each team, Mike Richards for the Kings and Mikkel Boedker for the ‘Yotes.
It was this fatigued third in which the Coyotes sunk to the relentless Kings. Dustin Brown beat Smith stick side on a mini breakaway for his seventh goal of the playoffs making it a 3-2 game, followed by an empty-netter goal, ending this Game 1 with a 4-2 victory for the Kings.
Los Angeles is 9-1 in the playoffs and has won six games in a row on the road. On Tuesday the Kings will go for no. 7 in Game 2.
Although the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus will be announced in about three weeks, Samsung has already aired a TV commercial for the upcoming devices in South Korea. This obviously isn't the usual way of doing business, as advertisements like these are normally released closer to launch.
So, why did Samsung speed things up this year? According to an industry analyst who spoke with The Korea Herald, the tech giant wants to get the spotlight off the LG G6, which has been doing very well in South Korea so far. The device has proven to be quite popular among consumers, as it received 82,000 pre-orders in just eight days and sold over 30,000 units in the first two days since it launched.
The LG G6 poses a real threat to Samsung's upcoming flagships. The device offers high-end specs and is very easy on the eyes thanks to the large 5.7-inch screen and small bezels. Samsung wants to remind people that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are just around the corner, which is why the company released the teaser commercial, which is only 15 seconds long. It doesn't really tell us much, aside from the fact that the smartphones will be announced in the last week of March.
As you may know by now, there are a ton of rumors going around regarding the Galaxy S8 and S8+. Despite the fact that the official launch is a few weeks away, we already know how the devices will look like. We have seen loads of images as well as a few videos, which leave little to the imagination.
Which device do you think will be more popular among consumers? The LG G6 or the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 series? Let us know your thoughts down below.
(Newser) – Tucked into a New Yorker profile of producer Dr. Luke is this fun tidbit picked up by Complex Music. Dr. Luke, real name Lukasz Gottwald, knows hits. (He's worked with Ke$ha, Katy Perry, Britney Spears, Kelly Clarkson, and more.) But he apparently doesn't know them that well, or at the very least, he vastly overestimated America's musical tastes—because he didn't think Miley Cyrus' "Wrecking Ball" would be a hit. So he told Cyrus he'd buy her the super-expensive Numi toilet (among other things, its Bluetooth receiver can stream music from your phone) if he was wrong, and, well...
"Contrary to what he thinks, Dr. Luke isn't always right," says Cyrus, who's vocally defended the controversial video. "I bet him him that 'Wrecking Ball' would go to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and it did. Now he has to buy me a $10,000 toilet. I'll be thinking of him every time I go." (Read more Miley Cyrus stories.)
Requested by my friend, Enzo.I used Photoshop to imitate the TF2 Logo and arrange the vectors together.If you want to download this icon, click here: [link] You will need winrar or 7zip to extract the icon files. If you don't have either, just look up where to find 7zip. It's free! If the link above is broken, message me and I'll try to fix it.Tutorial on how to change icons: [link] Vectors Used:Aj The Engineeeeer: [link] Fun Facts:-This icon took about 50 minutes to make and another 5 to convert.-Had to be changed to remove a shadow on the head. I removed it before, but for some reason, it didn't save the fix earlier o_O. Hopefully the people who downloaded the icon prior don't have a problem with it
Attorney General Jeff Sessions will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday about recent claims made by former FBI Director James Comey, he said Saturday.
Sessions, who recused himself from the Russia probe in March, had been scheduled to testify before the Senate and House Appropriations Subcommittees next week. But in letters to the chairmen of those panels, Sessions says he has instead accepted an invitation to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee.
“In light of reports regarding Mr. Comey's recent testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, it is important that I have an opportunity to address these matters in the appropriate forum,” Sessions told Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby and Texas Rep. John Culberson.
“The Senate Intelligence Committee is the most appropriate forum for such matters, as it has been conducting an investigation and has access to relevant, classified information.”
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein will instead testify before the appropriations panels, Sessions said.
It is not clear whether Sessions will talk to the intelligence committee in an open or closed setting. But his letter suggests that he expects to face questions about Comey's statements on Thursday about the reasons for Sessions' recusal from the Russia probe.
Sessions removed himself from the investigation on March 2, shortly after it was revealed that he met at least twice last year with Russia's ambassador, Sergey Kislyak.
Sessions was serving as senator for Alabama at the time of the meetings, which also occurred while he was advising the Trump campaign. Sessions did not disclose the interactions with Kislyak during his Senate confirmation hearing, but he has claimed that the encounters were related to his work as a senator and not as a member of the Trump campaign.
In his testimony, Comey vaguely suggested that there may be other reasons for Sessions' recusal. After Comey met in a classified meeting with the intelligence committee, reports leaked out that Sessions may have had a third meeting with Kislyak last year.
Sessions can also expect to be asked about his role in Comey's May 9 firing. He will also likely be asked about an exchange he had with Comey in mid-February after the then-FBI chief had a one-on-one Oval Office meeting with Trump.
Comey testified that Trump asked him in that meeting to close an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. He discussed the meeting with Sessions shortly afterward, he testified. Sessions and other administration officials had been in the Oval Office when Trump asked everyone but Comey to leave. Comey testified that he asked Sessions to never leave him alone with Trump again because it was inappropriate. He says he did not tell Sessions about Trump's request regarding Flynn.
Trump denies Comey's claims and says he is willing to testify under oath to dispute them.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Nagel's argument is that the mechanics of natural selection can't answer one of the most crucial questions of our existence: how living, reasoning creatures emerged from insensate matter. Although he himself is an atheist, Nagel says he shares the theists' conviction that the appearance of such creatures strongly suggests that the universe has, from the beginning, evolved teleologically, meaning it's moving purposively, toward ever-higher levels of consciousness.
"Each of our lives," he writes, "is a part of the lengthy process of the universe gradually waking up and becoming aware of itself." In the present intellectual climate, Nagel hastens to add, "such a possibility is unlikely to be taken seriously."
He got that right. Mind and Cosmos has been the subject of a number of high-profile takedowns, earning it top honors in the Guardian's list of Most Despised Science Books of 2012. So vitriolic has been the response that, as Jennifer Schuessler pointed out in the New York Times, even a relatively sympathetic review ran under the headline, "Thomas Nagel is Not Crazy."
My purpose here is not to review the Nagel controversy (the Times article includes a generous sampling of links for those interested in such a review), but rather to add some historical context by pointing out the striking parallels between his arguments and those made more than a century ago by one of my heroes, the great Samuel Butler.
Butler is best known as the author of the fantasy novel Erewhon, published in 1872. Erewhon, in turn, is best known for its extended meditation on the possibility that machines might one day attain consciousness and take over human beings.
The central character in Erewhon, unnamed in the original novel but identified in the sequel as Higgs, is a hiker who becomes lost in the mountains and stumbles upon an isolated civilization called Erewhon ("nowhere" spelled backward, sort of). Higgs learns that, five hundred years before his arrival, the citizens of Erewhon were alerted to the danger of technological revolt and banned the use of anything but the most primitive machines. The rationale behind this decision is spelled out in a manifesto called The Book of the Machines, which serves as a vehicle for Butler's musings on the implications of Darwinism.
The basic argument in The Book of the Machines is that technology is just as subject to the laws of evolution as plants and animals. There had to have been a moment in biological history when matter made the leap from inert to alive. Who's to say that at some point machines won't make the same leap? The speed of technological progress suggests they're already half way there.
The playful, almost absurdist tone of the Book of the Machines made it easy to conclude that Butler was making fun of Darwin - The Origin of Species had been published 13 years earlier, and remained hugely controversial. Butler denied it. He told Darwin in a letter that he'd intended only to demonstrate, for purposes of his own amusement and that of others, how easily a scientific concept could be distorted by exaggerated analogy.
Story highlights Retired U.S. general: "The question is, what are we going to do about it?"
U.S. officials won't say whether they knew about the large al Qaeda meeting
A new video of the meeting shows the group's second in command
Nasir al-Wuhayshi threatens the United States in the clip
A new video shows what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years. And the CIA and the Pentagon either didn't know about it or couldn't get a drone there in time to strike.
U.S. officials won't comment on that, but every frame of the video is now being analyzed by the United States.
In the middle of the clip, the man known as al Qaeda's crown prince, Nasir al-Wuhayshi, appears brazenly out in the open, greeting followers in Yemen. Al-Wuhayshi, the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda globally and the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, has said he wants to attack the United States. But in the video, he looks unconcerned that he could be hit by an American drone.
The video started appearing on jihadist websites recently, drawing the attention of U.S. officials and global terrorism experts. U.S. officials say they believe it's authentic.
"This is quite an extraordinary video," Paul Cruickshank, CNN terrorism analyst, said.
The video shows al-Wuhayshi addressing more than 100 fighters somewhere within Yemen, Cruickshank said, a restive nation on the southwestern portion of the Arabian Peninsula. The al Qaeda leader, he said, is "taking a big risk in doing this."
JUST WATCHED On GPS: Taliban & al Qaeda in AfPak Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH On GPS: Taliban & al Qaeda in AfPak 01:08
JUST WATCHED See commandos capture terrorist al Libi Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH See commandos capture terrorist al Libi 04:00
But he doesn't mince words about his mission.
In a speech to the group, al-Wuhayshi makes it clear that he's going after the United States, saying "We must eliminate the cross. ... The bearer of the cross is America!"
U.S. officials believe the highly produced video is recent. With some fighters faces blurred, there is worry it signals a new round of plotting.
"The U.S. intelligence community should be surprised that such a large group of al Qaeda assembled together, including the leadership, and somehow they didn't notice," said Peter Bergen, CNN national security analyst.
There is good reason to worry.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, also known as AQAP, is considered the most dangerous al Qaeda affiliate. The CIA and the Pentagon have repeatedly killed AQAP leaders with drone strikes. But the group is now emboldened.
"The main problem about this group is that it has a bomb maker who can put bombs on to planes that can't be detected," Bergen said.
That bomb maker, Ibrahim al-Asiri, is believed to be responsible for several attack attempts against the United States, including the failed 2009 Christmas Day underwear bomber attack in Detroit.
Al-Asiri doesn't appear in the video. He remains in hiding, and intelligence experts say he and other AQAP leaders have gone back to using couriers to communicate to avoid detection. That makes it even harder to figure out what al-Wuhayshi may order next.
But the terror group leader's goal is clear, Cruickshank said.
"His message to the United States," Cruickshank said, "was very much the same as (former al Qaeda leader Osama) bin Laden's: 'We're coming after you.' "
U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, told "The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer" that leaks tied to Yemen have affected U.S. intelligence collection, but he said he couldn't say whether U.S. intelligence knew about the meeting.
Asked by Blitzer whether the United States would have sent a drone if officials had known such a large meeting of terrorists was taking place out in the open, the Michigan Republican said it's unclear.
"It really depends," he said. "There are a lot of procedures that one would go through ... to do an airstrike on any large package of individuals."
Seeing such a group of al Qaeda operatives assembled isn't a surprise, he said.
"I think they have these meetings more often than people realize," Rogers said. "It's difficult to get assets in position. You have to know where they are and where they meet at the right time in the right place with the right equipment. That's a lot to do."
The video, Rogers says, is another sign that al Qaeda remains a dangerous threat.
"We think that they're feeling empowered. The less pressure you put on them, the more they take that as a victory, the more that they believe that they can get away with plotting, planning, organizing as you saw there (in the video), finance, training," he said.
"All of the things that they would need to do to strike a Western target, they're going through that process."
Retired Gen. Mark Kimmitt said smaller al Qaeda affiliates are coalescing into a more organized base.
"Sooner or later, if they continue to get better, stronger and more organized," he said, "they will be a direct threat to the United States."
It's unlikely the United States wasn't aware of the meeting shown in the video, Kimmitt told "CNN Tonight."
"The question isn't why didn't we know," he said. "The question is: What are we going to do about it?"
ST. LOUIS, MO — Police said at least three people were injured in a shooting near the Ambassador Event Center, one of them critically, when suspects in a white sedan opened fire on a group in the parking lot.
At least one car at the scene of the shooting appeared to show bullet holes through the windows, according to helicopter footage. Officers and paramedics are on the scene and routing traffic away from the area.
At least one child was led out of the event center sometime after the shooting, apparently uninjured. A spokesperson for the Ambassador told Patch that a funeral reception, commonly called a repast, had been taking place in the building near where the shooting occurred.
The funeral was for a teenage girl who died due to a heart problem, according to Fox 2 St. Louis. Between 200 and 300 people were in attendance at the time.
Police have not named any suspects in the shooting. Anyone with information is urged to contact St. Louis Regional CrimeStoppers toll free at 1-866-371-TIPS (8477). All callers can remain anonymous. Tips can also be submitted through the CrimeStoppers website.
On average, GMs last between five and six years with one team. If the Leafs once again fail to make the playoffs in Burke's fifth season as GM, ownership will have to seriously consider changing leadership.
The issue with next off-season is that Burke's target free agents are likely those of any incoming GM: Ryan Getzlaf and Corey Perry. So the question, then, becomes who you think is better able to convince one or both to sign in Toronto: Burke or a recent hire.
If Toronto believes Burke has a better shot at landing Getzlaf and Perry, the team must commit to him long-term. Giving him just one extra year to see how things go won't help the Leafs because there is an equally important decision to make with the two pillars of Burke's rebuild: Phil Kessel and Dion Phaneuf .
Kessel and Phaneuf are in their final pre-UFA year in 2013-14. If a new GM is hired in 2014 rather than 2013, he will be unable to decide on the future of both players. Burke will have effectively decided for him, either by a) signing both to contract extensions, or b) keeping both past the 2014 trade deadline in an attempt to make the playoffs, thereby eliminating a new GM's trade option.
Therefore, a new GM could only re-sign them or let them walk for nothing. And letting Kessel leave for nothing is akin to flushing two blue chip prospects down the toilet. As Kessel and Phaneuf are the most important players on the current team, a new GM needs to decide what to do with them when every option is still available, and that's only possible in 2013.
Accordingly, Burke can only be given one last season to guide Toronto to the playoffs, or at the very least contend for a spot. If not, and the Leafs own another lottery pick, he's out.
However, a full lockout might save MLSE from making a decision and might save Burke's job. Without a fifth straight playoff-less spring under Burke's watch, the only real option will be allowing Burke to govern through the off-season. And at that point, he's here to stay.
Four years ago today Brian Burke took over the Toronto Maple Leafs. His reign has coincided with one of the worst four-year stretches in team history.After next season, Leafs ownership has two options: 1) fire Burke immediately, or 2) commit to Burke long-term. Giving Burke any more than one year to guide the Leafs, but less than a long-term mandate, will be catastrophic.Those are the only two options because to ensure a successful transition, a new GM must receive a minimal amount of Burke's errors, in addition to a maximal amount of prospects, draft picks, and affordable, quality contracts. Essentially, a new GM deserves a relatively clean slate contract-wise, with as many low-cost, high-ceiling players as possible—exactly the opposite of what Burke inherited when he arrived in Toronto.Thankfully, the Leafs only have three current roster players signed through 2014-15, giving the new GM a fresh start in two years. But Toronto can't wait for 2014 to make a move and let Burke stay in charge through the 2013-14 season. That's because allowing Burke an extra off-season would certainly negate any cap flexibility in the new GM's first season.The problem is Burke will have close to $22 million in payroll off the books in 2013, giving him plenty of money to offer big contracts to free agents. That's potentially money committed to players the new GM would not necessarily want to sign. If you let Burke sign those free agents, you have to believe in his vision and see it through; otherwise, if the plan is to change directions for 2014-15, you can't wait. You need the long-term GM making the moves that will affect his own future, even if the timing isn't optimal.For Burke, then, next season will be the most important in recent memory. It will determine whether or not he makes it through the off-season, a time when he will have money to spend, elite players to spend it on, and quality young players ready to make the leap to the NHL—his best chance to ice a team that most closely matches his vision. Unfortunately, if the Leafs fail once again, it is also the best time to fire him, giving MLSE a difficult decision.
How do you throw out Billy Hamilton? Well, you don't, usually. Hamilton's 31 steals not only lead the Majors, but are more than the total for 11 other teams. Only five times has Hamilton been thrown out, giving him an 86.1 success rate that's a big improvement over his 70.8 percentage from last year, when he was caught a Major League-worst 23 times. Even that's not the full truth, though, because one of those five outs was actually when Sean O'Sullivan picked Hamilton off first base. That means that only four times has a catcher nailed Hamilton trying to steal.
How do you throw out Billy Hamilton? Well, you don't, usually. Hamilton's 31 steals not only lead the Majors, but are more than the total for 11 other teams. Only five times has Hamilton been thrown out, giving him an 86.1 success rate that's a big improvement over his 70.8 percentage from last year, when he was caught a Major League-worst 23 times. Even that's not the full truth, though, because one of those five outs was actually when Sean O'Sullivan picked Hamilton off first base. That means that only four times has a catcher nailed Hamilton trying to steal.
• Cast your Esurance All-Star ballot for #ASGWorthy players
View Full Game Coverage
But even the great Hamilton gets caught sometimes, and in Cincinnati's 5-2 win over Detroit on Tuesday night, catcher James McCann and the Tigers (who can be seen against the Yankees on MLB Network's Statcast™ Showcase on Friday night) showed us exactly what it takes. By digging into the data, we can see that in order to catch Hamilton, it takes more than just a good, strong throw from the catcher. We've long known that it's unfair to give the catcher full credit (or blame) for what happens on steals, and now we can quantify that.
Fortunately for McCann, pitcher Alex Wilson did his job, taking only 1.15 seconds to throw a 93 mph fastball waist-high to Kristopher Negron. According to a scout for a National League club, a release time of 1.3 seconds is considered average, and a typical runner has a good chance of a successful steal when it's more than 1.4 seconds. Of course, to nab Hamilton, you need to be better than average. To wit: When he stole three bases against Cole Hamels over two games earlier in June, the release times were 1.25, 1.27, and 1.35 seconds. On a previous Hamilton caught stealing against the Braves, Mike Foltynewicz measured a scorching 1.12. A fast release time doesn't always get the runner caught, but it sure helps, and Wilson's speed mattered.
Hamilton was hardly standing still during all this. It took him just 0.42 seconds to get in motion after Wilson's first movement to the plate, and he was already 18.47 feet down the line (his secondary lead) when the ball was released. While that all sounds great, he's done better. A May 27 steal against Colorado, for example, had a first move of 0.26 seconds and a 19.94 foot secondary lead. When he took second against Jason Motte and the Cubs on June 13, he got moving in just 0.19 seconds and was 21.08 feet off of first when the ball was released.
So far we know that Wilson did his job and Hamilton didn't have one of his best jumps, but he still reached a top speed of 22.4 mph on the play, and McCann still had to deliver. Obviously, the throw to Ian Kinsler was perfectly on target at 80.8 mph, so much so that Kinsler didn't have to waste any time moving his glove to meet the sliding Hamilton. But it's also about how quickly he got the ball out of his glove and towards second, which in this case took 0.64 seconds. The entire process -- McCann's glove to Kinsler's, otherwise known as "pop time" -- took 1.79 seconds.
Let's again compare. McCann, who has thrown out an MLB-best 50 percent of the 24 runners who have attempted to steal on him this season, gave one up to the Reds the day before. When Todd Frazier stole successfully against him on Monday, McCann's pop time was an equal 1.79 seconds, but Frazier had a much better secondary lead (23.55 feet) than Hamilton. When McCann nailed Mike Trout on May 29, it was 1.88 seconds. In what's obviously a limited sample of those three plays, McCann seems consistent. Looking at the other end of the spectrum, Philadelphia's Carlos Ruiz, who has thrown out only 20 percent of attempted baserunners, had a 2.04 second mark when Negron swiped second against him on June 3, and a 2.03 when fellow catcher Anthony Recker beat him on May 25.
According to the same NL scout, an in-game pop time of between 1.8 and 1.9 seconds is considered elite, and to get below 1.8 second is considered an 80 on the 20-80 scouting scale. For McCann, that means his pop time when he nailed Hamilton was just about as good as you'll ever see a catcher have. With Jacoby Ellsbury on the disabled list the Yankees don't have many candidates who can test McCann this weekend, but it will be interesting to see if Brett Gardner -- who's second in the AL with 15 steals -- gives it a shot.
Gardner is no Hamilton, but he's still fast, and throwing out speedsters like them comes down to tenths of a second that could be saved (or sacrificed) by the pitcher, runner and catcher. They add up to the difference between safe or out. As the Statcast™ data accumulates, we'll be able to put weights to all of this. What matters the most? The pitcher's release time, or the velocity of the pitch, or the runner's jump, or the catcher's pop time? They all do, of course. It's why stolen bases have never been only about the catcher. Soon enough, we'll know what matters most.
Appearing this week on CBN News, former Department of Homeland Security officer Philip Haney gave an insider's perspective on the Obama administration's dedication to avoiding offending Muslims at the expense of national security.
Haney, who details his experience as a whistleblower in his new book “See Something, Say Nothing: A Homeland Security Officer Exposes the Government's Submission to Jihad,” came to the realization in 2009 when his superiors made an odd request regarding valuable information he had gathered and entered into the DHS electronic database.
“They told me, we want you to eliminate – the word was ‘modify' – all the linking information in about 850 records that I put into the system on guess what group? The Muslim Brotherhood,” Haney told CBN's Jennifer Wishon.
Haney said the Obama administration did not wish to investigate Muslim Brotherhood members as terrorists because it relied on the Brotherhood and other Muslim groups with ties to terrorism to help form U.S. counter-terrorism policy.
Three years later, in 2012, the administration purged all 67 of Haney's records dealing with Muslims associated with a movement known as Tablighi Jamaat.
“This time they didn't just modify the information in the records; they completely eliminated them out of the system, erased them forever,” Haney explained. “And then they investigated me for putting that information into the system when that was exactly the job that I was supposed to be doing.”
This pattern continued after the recent terror attack in Orlando, when the Justice Department initially redacted all shooter Omar Mateen's references to Islam and ISIS from a transcript of his 9-1-1 call. In fact, Haney discovered immediately after the shooting that the Fort Pierce, Florida, mosque Mateen attended had ties to the Tablighi Jamaat case that the Obama/Clinton State Department shut down in 2012. If Haney's information had not been eliminated, the Orlando massacre might have been prevented.
Get “See Something, Say Nothing: A Homeland Security Officer Exposes the Government's Submission to Jihad” now at the WND Superstore!
“I can't explain to you the ideology or the worldview of this administration that makes them so adamant to protect Islam from harm by addressing it in its true nature,” Haney said.
Islam, he noted, is not just a religion, but a system of laws – Shariah – that Muslims who adhere to fundamental teaching wish to establish over all the world.
“The power of Shariah is very difficult to exaggerate how much influence it has on the lives of Muslims around the world,” the whistleblower warned.
In fact, Haney believes America is presently locked in a battle between the U.S. Constitution and Shariah law.
“Are we going to submit to the influence of Shariah law and make it legal for one particular religion to have more than one wife?” he asked. “Or are we going to say, ‘No, you cannot implement those provisions as long as you want to be a citizen of United States'?”
The answer, according to Haney, is for Americans to become more familiar with the Constitution.
“If you become more familiar with the Constitution, you'll be able to see more clearly the points of conflict between the U.S. Constitution and Shariah law, and then you can discuss it without fear of being called a racist or a bigot or an Islamophobe,” he advised.
Haney, who testified before a Senate subcommittee Tuesday, told CBN's audience his Christian faith has helped him get through his long ordeal. In fact, only faith in God could help him overcome the dark forces he has faced.
“We're talking about very, very high-level, malevolent kind of forces here at work, and it is very sobering to see these kinds of things operating,” he said. “These are biblical-level events that we're talking about.”
Get “See Something, Say Nothing: A Homeland Security Officer Exposes the Government's Submission to Jihad” now at the WND Superstore!
To celebrate Ask Pink Pony 's second anniversary, I offered to draw a poster of my followers' OCs with Pink Pony, much like the official posters. Five people submitted their characters, and while I wanted to release them all on the completion of the poster, realistically that's going to take a long time. I don't want to sit on this art while everyone forgets about the anniversary event, so I'll be releasing the individual ponies as I finish them, with Pink Pony and a special guest reserved for the poster's release.Finally we have " Pink Pony ", AKA Pinkamena Diane Pie, and protagonist of Ask-Pink-Pony. This pose was inspired by the currentbanner on the tumblr blog. The original banner had her back completely turned, while the second version had her looking to the side, eyes closed. This would be the next evolution, featuring a surprised look, as she will be surrounded by ponies in the poster.As for the poster, I have no idea what I'm going to do for it. I don't even know if it's worth doing anymore. But I guess I'll do it because I said I would. At least this finally stops it from hanging over my heard... and only six months after I said I would do them. That's an academy record!
Those Who Trespass: A Novel of Television and Murder (ISBN 0-7679-1381-7) is a 1998 novel by US television personality Bill O'Reilly. The story focuses on the revenge a television journalist exacts on network staff after disputes very similar to O'Reilly's real tensions with CBS (such as one involving Falklands War footage). The revenge takes the form of a series of graphically described murders.[1]
The novel was first published in 1998 by a small publishing house, and rereleased in 2004 by Broadway Books as a trade paperback.[2]
On July 13, 2011, in O'Reilly's "Backstage Conversation" video section of the BillOreilly.com website, he responded to a viewer who asked "Does Mel Gibson still own the rights to Those who Trespass?" O'Reilly replied, "He does not. We had two cycles with Mr. Gibson's production company—this was before he got into all the trouble—and now I own it again. So hopefully someone will step up."[citation needed]
Plot summary [ edit ]
The antagonist is a tall, "no-nonsense" television journalist named Shannon Michaels, described as the product of two Celtic parents, who is pushed out by Global News Network, and systematically murders the people who ruined his career.
Meanwhile, the protagonist, a "straight-talking" Irish-American New York City homicide detective named Tommy O'Malley, is charged with solving the murders that Michaels has committed, while competing with Michaels for the heart of Ashley Van Buren, a blond, sexy aristocrat turned crime columnist. Some reviewers have said that Michaels and O'Malley are "thinly veiled versions" of O'Reilly.[2]
Michaels' first victim is a news correspondent who stole his story in Argentina, and got him into trouble with the network. He then stalks the woman who forced his resignation from the network and throws her off a balcony. After that he murders a television research consultant who had advised the local station to dismiss him by burying him in beach sand up to his neck and letting him slowly drown. Finally, during a break in the Radio and Television News Directors Association convention, he slits the throat of the station manager. After this, he is pursued by O'Malley and Van Buren, where he attempts to lose them by crossing a runway in front of a speeding jet. Although he makes it, his car's right back tire is cut by the jet's wing, causing the car to spin, flip over, and be subsequently melted by the exhaust from the jet, which explodes. Michaels dies in extreme agony, as his contacts (used to hide his identity) burn into his eyes and a chunk of the car crushes his head in.
Reception [ edit ]
The New Yorker called the book O'Reilly's "most ambitious and deeply felt piece of writing. 'Those Who Trespass' is a revenge fantasy, and it displays extraordinarily violent impulses".[1] Michael Hastings, of Salon.com, commented that the book gave the reader a look inside the author's mind. "The talented talk-show host serves up characters who are paranoid, arrogant, insecure and supremely egotistical. On television, those qualities are O'Reilly's greatest assets".[2]
The satirist Stephen Colbert, who parodies O'Reilly on his show The Colbert Report, stated that his sci-fi character Tek Jansen was originally inspired by O'Reilly and Those Who Trespass. The character originated in a fictional book that his political pundit character constantly referred to and promoted on his show. Tek Jansen, an idealised version of Colbert's character on The Colbert Report, is a reference to the accusations of the characters in Those Who Trespass being based on O'Reilly.[3]
In his book Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them, former US Senator Al Franken, discussed O'Reilly's graphic depiction of a sexual encounter between Shannon Michaels and Ashley Van Buren, suggesting that this made O'Reilly guilty of hypocrisy when he later criticized rap artist Ludacris for indecent and profane lyrics in his songs.[4] The encounter is referenced throughout the novel in different forms, such as a fictional sexual relationship between Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris and Mac Stipanovich in 2000 and a dirty story O'Reilly tells Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas in Vietnam.
Customarily, the name ‘Machiavelli' was a synonym for the devil. The myth of the corrupt immorality of Niccolo Machiavelli (1469-1527) has lasted for many centuries, the description ‘Machiavellian' being used today for anyone who is seen slyly to manipulate a given situation to their own advantage by means of shrewd political insight. Machiavelli as an individual has been described as aloof, as standing to one side of life ‘with a sarcastic expression continually playing around his mouth and flashing from his eyes'. This reputation is based on Machiavelli's most famous work, The Prince, which was written in 1513-14.
However, is Machiavelli's lasting reputation as the philosopher-king of political manipulation really justified? This article re-examines Machiavelli's work and legacy and comes to some surprising conclusions. It also suggests a number of different ways to interpret Machiavelli's political ideas.
Author: Oli Rushby Posted: 16 Sep 2015
Grand Prix chassis constructer Suter is set to make an all-new 500cc V4 two-stroke to compete at next year's World GP Bike Legends event.
Dubbed the ‘Legends 500', the new Suter 500 V4 will be unveiled at the World GP Bike Legends launch in Zurich on 29 September.
While being brand new, the Suter 500 is said to retain the ‘tarmac-shredding soul' of the original machines that inspire it while being ‘safer' and ‘more reliable' and it's thought the bike will cost a fraction of what an original two stroke 500 GP bike would cost today.
Suter Racing, established by former 250 and 500cc Grand Prix racer Eskil Suter, have a wealth of experience building Grand Prix bikes. He worked on the chassis development of the MuZ 500cc bike before going on to work with Kawasaki's ZX-RR four-stroke MotoGP bike and then becoming a leading chassis manufacturer in the Moto2 class, taking both constructors' and riders' championships with Marc Marquez in 2012.
The inaugural World GP Bike Legends took place at Jerez earlier this year and while the event was largely a success, organisers faced a lot of difficulty sourcing both original and replica 500cc GP bikes with owners who were willing to accept the risk of them being raced.
A statement from the event's organisers read: “The event held at Jerez in June showed that the passion for 2-stroke machinery is stronger than ever, and while the original bikes that wowed millions of fans around the world are growing ever more valuable and scarce, the stunning new Suter Legends 500 will provide all the sights and sounds at a fraction of the cost to the irreplaceable originals.
“The added safety and reliability of the new machines will allow for unbelievable elbow to elbow battling the like of which has never been seen in the classic racing world, and it's sure to wow fans and provide incredible TV too.”
Full details of the bike, plus the package you can buy will be made available following the launch in Zurich next week, where it is also expected details of the 2016 Race of Legends will be announced Watch this space!
Would you fancy owning an affordable 500cc GP bike? or !
This article is about the title in Freemasonry. For Grand Masters in chivalric orders, see Grand Master (order) . For other uses, see Grandmaster
A Grand Master is a title of honour as well as an office in Freemasonry, given to a freemason elected to oversee a Masonic jurisdiction, derived from the office of Grand Masters in chivalric orders.[1] He presides over a Grand Lodge, and has certain rights in the constituent Lodges that form his jurisdiction. In most, but not all cases, the Grand Master is styled "Most Worshipful Grand Master."[2] One example of a differing title exists in the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania, where the Grand Master is titled "Right Worshipful".[3] Under the Grand Lodge of Scotland the role is titled "Grand Master Mason".
Duties of the office [ edit ]
Just as the Worshipful Master of a Lodge annually appoints lodge officers to assist him, so the Grand Master of each Grand Lodge annually appoints Grand Lodge officers to assist him in his work. Grand Lodges often elect or appoint Deputy Grand Masters (sometimes also known as District Deputy Grand Masters) who can act on behalf of the Grand Master when he is unable to do so.[4]
In the United Grand Lodge of England, if the Grand Master is a Prince of the Blood Royal (ie: a member of the Royal Family), he may appoint a 'Pro Grand Master' ('Pro' is from the Latin for 'for') to be "his principal adviser, and to act for him on those occasions when, due to royal engagements, he is unable to be present".[5] . The Pro Grand Master is distinct from the Deputy Grand Master.
Traditions [ edit ]
There are two distinct traditions in connection with the office of Grand Master. Generally speaking, the European practice is for the same Grand Master to be re-elected for several consecutive years, maybe even several decades, whilst in other countries a Grand Master serves a set term of only one to three years, and then retires.
In several European countries, the position of Grand Master has often been held by members of royal families or the high nobility. In some Protestant northern European countries, the position was held by the King for a long time. In England and Wales, the current Grand Master is HRH Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, who was elected in 1967 and has been re-elected each year since.
See also [ edit ]
The Intercept has discovered an ambitious NSA operation called AURORAGOLD—which aims to tap every cellphone network in the world.
The finding, discovered amongst an archive of material supplied by Edward Snowden, reveals that the NSA intercepted thousands of emails sent between companies in a bid to identify security weaknesses in cellphone technology.
Advertisement
Further documents reveal that the NSA has been working with that information to covertly introduce new flaws into communication systems, precisely so that they can be tapped in the future. The obvious concern there is that purposefully introducing backdoors not only allows the NSA to snoop on whoever it chooses, but also makes those same people vulnerable to attacks by criminal hackers, too. Karsten Nohl, a security researcher, hammers that point home to The Intercept:
"Even if you love the NSA and you say you have nothing to hide, you should be against a policy that introduces security vulnerabilities, because once NSA introduces a weakness, a vulnerability, it's not only the NSA that can exploit it."
The GSM Association—based in the UK but working with the likes of Microsoft, Facebook, AT&T, and Cisco—is named in the report as one of the more high-profile victims of the email surveillance. But the result of the work are wide-reaching, and one map, shown below, reveals to what degree the NSA has its tentacles in the mobile networks of international territories. Clearly, it has reach in virtually every country in the world, including the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Germany, and France—who would presumably count themselves as allies.
Advertisement
All told, the report makes for grim—if increasingly predictable—reading, describing new insights into what increasingly feels to be the pervasive surveillance norm. Go read it in full. [The Intercept]
Oil futures have staged a magnificent comeback in recent months. However, if history is any guide, the struggling market isn't out of the woods.
Looking at the performance of West Texas Intermediate crude oil CLN6, +0.00% since 1870, Paul Jackson, head of research at exchange-traded-fund provider Source, predicted that prices will tank to $20 a barrel, or almost 60% from its current levels, and languish for a while, before recovering.
“Those high prices sow the seeds of their own destruction. Supply goes up, demand comes down. So prices come back down and there's a gravitational pull back to that $20-$60 range…” Paul Jackson, head of research at Source
“What you find is that in four out of every five months since 1870 the price has been between $20 and $60, when you measure in today's prices,” he said at the sidelines of the Inside ETFs Europe conference in Amsterdam. “Every three or four decades, oil goes above that range. And occasionally you get a bubble, like we had in the last 10 years.”
“Those high prices sow the seeds of their own destruction. Supply goes up, demand comes down. So prices come back down and there's a gravitational pull back to that $20-$60 range, but […] when the price comes down, it doesn't stop at $60, it doesn't stop at $40, it always goes down to $20,” he added. Jackson has been bearish on the oil market since he joined Source in 2014.
The following chart illustrates those moves:
Paul Jackson, Source Historic prices measured in today's prices
Oil prices were close to touching the $20 handle in January and February, when Iran came back to the international oil markets after sanctions on the country were lifted.
Fears of a sharp slowdown in the Chinese and global economy, along with a lack of response from major oil producers—including the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries—also helped fuel the selloff. Crude oil fell to around $26 a barrel in February, while Brent UK:LCOQ6 while slumped to $27 in January.
Since then, prices have staged a stellar rebound, with both contracts up more than 80%. Analysts have become more upbeat on the oil outlook and argue that production and demand are nearing equilibrium. The International Energy Agency, for example, said in its monthly report out on Tuesday that stronger-than-expected oil demand and unexpected supply disruptions should help erode the supply glut in the second half of the year.
Goldman Sachs—which back in September warned oil could slide to $20—also has turned more upbeat on the market, saying in May that the surplus in crude had come to a “sudden halt”. Meanwhile at Citi, analysts have further noted that the worst is over for the beaten-down oil market.
Market far from rebalanced
In contrast with those more upbeat outlooks, Jackson says fundamentals aren't supporting a sustained recovery in the market.
He explained that the marginal cost of production is still so low that oil producers haven't started to materially cut supply. Compared with the total cost of production, which includes one-off expenses such as exploration and well drilling, the marginal cost only reflects the cost of getting the next barrel out of the ground from a well that is already up and running.
According to the Oil & Gas UK, the U.K.'s offshore oil-and-gas industry association, the marginal costs were expected to fall to $17 a barrel for the country's producers this year, down from around $21 in 2015.
“So even with oil at $30 a barrel, it's not below the marginal cost of production in the U.K., and the U.K. isn't the cheapest place in the world to produce oil,” Jackson said.
“The price has to stay below the marginal cost for some time before [oil producers] will cut production,” he added.
That means even if—or when—oil slumps to $20 a barrel, it'll need to stay around that level to force producers to dial back supply, rebalance the market and eventually push prices higher, according to Jackson.
While he stands out as ultrabearish on the outlook, he isn't alone in forecasting a snap back in oil prices. Susanne Alexandor, client portfolio manager at Cougar Global Investments, also said at the same event that investors should bury hopes of oil remaining around the $50 handle.
One reason is the technologically advance in U.S. shale production, which could lower the break-even price for American producers and add more pressure on the global oil markets, she said.
“The world is still oversupplied with oil and that supply and demand imbalance is unlikely to change,” she said.
Want news about Europe delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Europe Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
DENVER—The Colorado Supreme Court has refused to allow some Aurora theater shooting victims to get copies of evidence from the criminal case to use in a civil suit against the theater owner.
The court's order was made public Tuesday. It contained no explanation.
James Holmes is charged with killing 12 people and injuring 70 in the 2012 attack. He pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. His trial has been postponed indefinitely while pretrial motions are argued.
Fourteen victims who sued theater owner Century Theatres wanted copies of evidence that was displayed in open court. The trial judge refused, saying the publicity could jeopardize Holmes' right to a fair trial.
The victims allege Century should have taken steps to prevent the attack. The company said it couldn't have foreseen it.
Dear Reader,
We would like to offer you the chance to pre-order a special limited edition glow-in-the-dark 10" vinyl record of our debut EP, DOO BEE DOO LA DEE DAY DUM BE DUM DRINK YOUR BLOOD.
Doobious.org says: "A mellifluous mix of lyrical genius, doo- wop, and decades of parties packed into each minute of the record. The entire cut is witty, entertaining, and there is even a saxophone! Your life will feel better once you put this on!"
Matt Murphy called it "...one misstep away from TGIF sitcom soundtrack territory..."
We are touring musicians from the Finch House Records family in Sarasota, FL. So needless to say, we have no way to go about pressing vinyl records at will...but I believe we've made something here that enough people might want that it could just pop into existence and validate everything we've been working for, living our dreams in the Sarasota Music Scene. Oh yeah, if we reach our goal, we'll be able to take a few records with us on our tour with The Terror Pigeon Dance Revolt! and show the world what's brewing in South Florida.
This is a record you can put on for friends or at a party and people will smile and dance! Obsess over blistering musical saw riffs! Sing along to your favorite chorus!
Have you ever bought a new vinyl record for $15? This isn't a 7" single, its a full seven track EP on 10"...and It's going to be made of GLOW-IN-THE-DARK material and it only costs $15!!!! Plus, we cooked up a bunch of crazy rewards that will keep us busy, doing the things we're supposed to be doing, and it will help us connect with the people who care (you!!) and, now here's the big trick: once we send out all of the records and extra shirts and thank youare...all that stuff will exist in the world and the only way we were driven to such insane lengths was because somebody said they cared for it and it might be something worth doing. Seriously, I'm going to tear up. This would be a huge push forward.
Cats in the Basement is Greg Ferris, Michael Murphy, Bryan Beardsley, and Patrick Lynch. Significant visual contributions from Jen Nugent! We recorded with Neil Parsons @ Science Studios (and you should too!) and guest musicians on the album include Erin Murphy and Greg Bortnichak AKA Bard & Mustache. Promotional video by Stephanie Rischard. Photo by Van Jazmin.
Court: Man mistakenly detained 11 times cannot sue Metro Police
CARSON CITY — Metro Police are immune from being sued by a man who says he was wrongly detained or arrested 11 times in a case of mistaken identity, the Nevada Supreme Court ruled.
According to court documents, the man, Francisco Gonzalez, shares the same name, birth date, height and eye color as a man suspected of dealing drugs.
North Las Vegas police issued a warrant in November 2007 for the arrest of the suspect, and the information was included in a law enforcement database.
Between June 2008 and August 2010, Metro Police repeatedly stopped or arrested Gonzalez based the information in the database. North Las Vegas eventually withdrew the information from the system, and since then there have been no more stops, according to court documents.
Gonzalez filed suit against Metro and North Las Vegas Police, but later dropped his action against North Las Vegas.
In a brief to the Supreme Court, attorneys for Gonzalez said Metro officers were “fully aware that they were arresting and detaining the incorrect person.”
The brief said the suspect was two years older than Gonzalez, lived in a different city and had different colored hair. Gonzalez also has a tattoo on his left arm which the suspect did not.
The Supreme Court, however, backed the ruling by Clark County District Court Judge Timothy Williams, who granted a pretrial summary judgment in favor of the police department.
“Although we are sympathetic to Gonzalez's plight, we conclude that the decision to detain or arrest a person closely matching a warrant's description is the type of decision that discretionary immunity should protect,” the Supreme Court said in its ruling.
Officers are faced with a difficult choice “between releasing a potential criminal closely matching the description of a valid warrant, or running the risk of potential civil liability on those close cases,” the ruling said.
In a footnote, the court said the police department has taken measures to avoid repeat cases of this type.
Have you ever wanted to pass a method to a function that only takes a block? Or figure out which of your object's superclasses broke the method you're trying to call?
Those things are easy to do with the method method. Use it well, and you can learn about your dependencies, save yourself hours of debugging, and get your code to the places it needs to be.
Methods as easy as lambdas
Lots of Ruby methods take blocks or lambdas. But you can't directly pass a method to another method, the way you would with a lambda. You have to use method first:
irb(main):001:0> sin_method = Math . method ( :sin ) => #<Method: Math.sin> irb(main):002:0> ( 1 .. 10 ) . map ( & sin_method ) => [0.8414709848078965, 0.9092974268256817, 0.1411200080598672, -0.7568024953079282, -0.9589242746631385, -0.27941549819892586, 0.6569865987187891, 0.9893582466233818, 0.4121184852417566, -0.5440211108893699]
So, what's happening here?
The first line turns the method Math.sin into a Method object. Just like lambdas, `Method` objects respond to `call`. Method objects respond to to_proc (Thanks, Benoit). So they can be used in the same places you'd use a lambda:
irb(main):004:0> sin_method = -> ( x ) { Math . sin ( x ) } => #<Proc:0x007fe9f90a9bd8@(irb):4 (lambda)> irb(main):005:0> ( 1 .. 10 ) . map ( & sin_method ) => [0.8414709848078965, 0.9092974268256817, 0.1411200080598672, -0.7568024953079282, -0.9589242746631385, -0.27941549819892586, 0.6569865987187891, 0.9893582466233818, 0.4121184852417566, -0.5440211108893699]
Take a look at the first line again. This code, using a lambda, works the same way as the earlier code, using method .
Depending on how you've written your code, getting ahold of a Method object can be a lot easier than wrapping it in a lambda. So when you need a lambda and all you have is a method, remember the method method.
Where did that method come from?
You just called a method on your object, and it does something you didn't expect. Maybe someone overrode it or monkey-patched it. How do you figure this out?
You could dig through the source code for a few hours. But Method has two methods that can speed things up.
To figure out which class defined the method you're calling, use owner :
irb(main):003:0> Task . new . method ( :valid? ) . owner => ActiveRecord::Validations
When you want to go a little deeper and figure out exactly where the method was defined, use source_location :
irb(main):004:0> Task . new . method ( :valid? ) . source_location => ["/usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/2.1.0/gems/activerecord-4.2.0.beta2/lib/active_record/validations.rb", 55]
source_location returns an array. The first element is the path to the file where the method was defined, and the second element is the line number. With those, you know exactly where to look next.
Reading the source (without having to dig)
Once you can figure out where a method was defined, you might want to see how it's defined.
Method can't do that by itself. But if you install the method_source gem, you can see the source code for many methods right from your console:
irb(main):002:0> puts Task . new . method ( :valid? ) . source def valid?(context = nil) context ||= (new_record? ? :create : :update) output = super(context) errors.empty? && output end => nil
You can even see the comments:
irb(main):003:0> puts Task . new . method ( :valid? ) . comment # Runs all the validations within the specified context. Returns +true+ if # no errors are found, +false+ otherwise. # # Aliased as validate. # # If the argument is +false+ (default is +nil+), the context is set to <tt>:create</tt> if # <tt>new_record?</tt> is +true+, and to <tt>:update</tt> if it is not. # # Validations with no <tt>:on</tt> option will run no matter the context. Validations with # some <tt>:on</tt> option will only run in the specified context. => nil
Pretty awesome, right? Your documentation is right in the console!
Introspection is awesome
Project VRC is looking for your input! Read on and learn how you can contribute in the biggest on-line survey on Virtual Desktop Infrastructures and Service Based Computing. It will only cost you 10 minutes of your time, and as a participant you will get access to the survey report right after the survey closes. The survey will be closed February 15th.
The independent R&D project ‘Virtual Reality Check' (VRC) (www.projectvrc.com) was started in early 2009 by Ruben Spruijt (@rspruijt) and Jeroen van de Kamp (@thejeroen) and focuses on research in the desktop and application virtualization market. Several white papers with Login VSI (www.loginvsi.com) test results were published about the performance and best practices of different hypervisors, Microsoft Office versions, application virtualization solutions, Windows Operating Systems in server hosted desktop solutions and the impact of antivirus.
In 2013 and early 2014, Project VRC released the annual ‘State of the VDI and SBC union' community survey (download for free atwww.projectvrc.com/white-papers). Over 1300 people participated. The results of this independent and truly unique survey have provided many new insights into the usage of desktop virtualization around the world.
This year Project VRC would like to repeat this survey to see how our industry has changed and to take a look at the future of Virtual Desktop Infrastructures and Server Based Computing in 2015. To do this they need your help again. Everyone who is involved in building or maintaining VDI or SBC environments is invited to participate in this survey. Also if you participated in the previous two editions.
The questions of this survey are both functional and technical and range from “What are the most important design goals set for this environment”, to “Which storage is used”, to “How are the VM's configured”. The 2015 VRC survey will only take 10 minutes of your time.
The success of the survey will be determined by the amount of the responses, but also by the quality of these responses. This led Project VRC to the conclusion that they should stay away from giving away iPads or other price draws for survey participants. Instead, they opted for the following strategy: only survey participants will receive the exclusive overview report with all results immediately after the survey closes.
The survey will be closed February 15th this year. I really hope you want to participate and enjoy the official Project VRC “State of the VDI and SBC union 2015” survey!
Visit www.projectvrc.com/blog/23-project-vrc-state-of-the-vdi-and-sbc-union-2015-survey to fill out the Project Virtual Reality Check “State of the VDI and SBC Union 2014” survey.
Thank you for your time!
Most people thought it was impossible, but Toronto FC had an even more exciting offseason than last year. 2014 provided us with the arrival of USMNT midfielder Michael Bradley, and England international Jermaine Defoe. Arriving from AS Roma and Tottenham, promises of a first ever playoff appearance for Toronto FC were brought along with. However, much to the dismay of Toronto FC supporters, the Reds fell just short of their goal when the regular season came to an end. To add salt to the wounds of supporters, rumors of the departure of Jermaine Defoe were already swirling.
For those who don't know, the rumors were true and Defoe has left the club. But that's not to say Toronto didn't get anything in return. The club was able to strike a deal with Sunderland for a straight swap of the two strikers. It seemed like a deal players were happy about. USMNT striker Jozy Altidore came in return, and he was in desperate need of playing time as he was buried on the Sunderland bench week after week. Altidore will be returning to the league he started in. He started his career with the New York Red Bulls in 2006, where after a hot start to his young career, signed to Villarreal in 2008.
If the Altidore signing wasn't exciting enough for fans, Toronto FC just completed arguably the most important signing in MLS history: Sebastian Giovinco. The 5'5" Italian may be short in stature, but he's made the biggest news in MLS this season. The 27-year-old Giovinci arrives by way of Italian giants, Juventus, where he has been under contract his entire career with loan spells to Empoli and Parma. Toronto dropped a whopping 5 year, $7 million contract on Giovinco, making him the second highest player in MLS behind Orlando City SC striker, Kaka.
Before all of the excitement over Altidore and Giovinco, Toronto made some moves that both bolstered and hindered their roster. With the 14th pick in the Chivas USA dispersal draft, the Reds selected midfielder Marco Delgado. Delgado is a promising young talent who was first signed to the league as a Chivas USA homegrown player in 2012. Only 19 years of age, Delgado has 37 appearances for Chivas USA, and a handful of USYNT caps.
In the re-entry draft, Toronto FC selected Real Salt Lake striker Robbie Findley. The veteran striker will add nice depth to the striker position, but will be taking a backseat to Altidore when the season starts. Findley has 38 goals in his six years in MLS with the Los Angeles Galaxy and and RSL, and bagged three more in 25 appearances for English side Nottingham Forest.
Along with declining contract options of Andrew Wiedeman and Jeremy Hall, Toronto also declined the option of Dwayne De Rosario. De Rosario is an MLS and Canadian national team legend. The 36 year old midfielder is Canada's all-time leading scorer, 2011 MLS MVP, and four-time MLS Cup champion. De Rosario first arrived in Toronto in 2008 via trade, and two years later was named as the team's second ever captain. He not only holds the record for most goals scored in a season for Toronto (15) but also is the Red's all-time leading goal scorer by a wide margin. If Altidore finds his AZ Alkmaar form, we could finally see those records broken. De Rosario became an MLS journeyman when he was traded around to his fourth and fifth MLS clubs, New York Red Bulls and DC United. After resigning with Toronto in 2014, we sit here one year later with the veteran looking for a new home.
With their first pick in the 2014 MLS SuperDraft, Toronto FC selected young USMNT goalkeeper Alex Bono. He has seven caps with the U20's, and played his collegiate soccer at Syracuse University, as well as time at PDL side Reading United. It's unlikely he'll become the Red's starter right away, but if history of USMNT goalkeepers in MLS is anything to go by, Bono will be an exciting young prospect. Also in the draft, Toronto FC selected Canadian center back Skylar Thomas, who could compete for a starting job early in the season.
Key Additions
- Jozy Altidore
- Sebastian Giovinco
- Marco Delgado
- Robbie Findley
- Alex Bono
Key Losses
- Jermaine Defoe
- Dwayne De Rosario
- Doneil Henry
The Winnipeg Jets have announced their signing of 2013 fourth-round pick Jan Kostalek, a defenseman with Rimouski Oceanic of the QMJHL, to a three-year Entry Level Contract.
So who is this 20-year-old Czech-born defenseman? Let's break it down after the jump.
Kostalek was the first European born draft selection by the Jets version 2.0, as well as their first selection from the QMJHL.
He is known for being a smooth skater who can adeptly push the play by both skating and passing the puck. At the major junior level Kostalek is strong in transition and performs well in the neutral and defensive zones with and without the puck. He has also been noted to adjust his play style depending on his defensive partner.
The young defender currently plays top minutes for a Rimouski side that is at the absolute top of the QMJHL table with a 45-16-3 record. At the 60 game mark the Oceanic were the second highest possession-close team, as estimated by first-two-periods shot differentials.
Playing an impact role on a top shot-metric team generally serves as a positive sign, and is a reason for optimism despite Kostalek's pedestrian counting statistics.
Kostalek has managed 7 goals and 36 assists for 43 points in 55 games this season, and leads all Oceanic defenseman in total assists and points. He's only modestly behind 2013 first-round selection and teammate Samuel Morin by points-per-game.
For league-wide numbers, Kostalek sits ninth in point totals and eleventh in points per game for all QMJHL defenders.
These numbers are only decent, but perhaps are even more so because the defender has always been thought of as a more “defensive” defenseman.
Traditional plus/minus is a highly flawed statistic. Still, leading the team in the statistic is a positive sign when combining with multiple other positive factors, like taking top-minutes on a possession juggernaut and also leading said team in shots and shots per game (again as a defenseman known more for his defensive impacts than offensive).
Kostalek has been a major piece of many of the Czech Republic's international juniors teams. He scored four points in ten U20 games over the last two World Junior Hockey Championships, and has also played in multiple other tournaments.
Another feather in Kostelk's cap was playing in the Czech's mens league at the age of sixteen.
History has shown that just playing in a high-quality mens league at a young age is a positive sign for prospects. Kostalek started a season playing in the Czech's U18 junior program, but was moved up to the U20 program, and then eventually played ten games for the pro-level team. Only four other defenders played ten or more games in the Czech professional league at a similar age in the ten years prior.
While not a bluechip level prospect, Jan Kostalek arguably sits as the Jets next best blue-line prospect after Josh Morrissey.
As a right-handed shot, the competition will be stiff for Kostalek to make the NHL with the Jets anytime soon. That's no a big deal though as Kostalek is more of a long term project who will probably need a few seasons in the AHL.
Al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri has, in a video released in the run-up to the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, warned of more such incidents on US soil. Referring to the US, he has said that "as long as your crimes continue," such attacks would "be repeated a thousand times."
Al-Qaeda was responsible for four attacks on U.S. soil on Sept. 11, 2001, in which two hijacked passenger aircraft crashed into the twin towers of the World Trade Centre in New York, one into the Pentagon in Virginia, and one in Pennsylvania. It is believed that the terrorists aboard the fourth airplane wanted to crash it into the White House.
The crashing of the planes into the twin towers led to around 3,000 deaths, and marked a watershed moment in the world's view of terrorism and its fight against it. The U.S. has since toppled several oppressive regimes on foreign land in its fight against terror, and even hunted down Osama bin Laden, the man who masterminded the attacks.
It was expected that with bin Laden's killing on Pakistani soil and near a Pakistani Army base â€” despite Pakistan having constantly denied the world's most wanted terrorist's presence within the country â€” al-Qaeda would be severely weakened and eventually wither away. Now, with the emergence of this new video, and the new warnings issued by Zawahiri, it seems an old threat is back to haunt the United States.
However, experts are saying this could be just a ploy by the group to reassert the threat it once posed in the world, after it was superseded in threat levels by the resurgent Taliban â€” which has carried out a lot of deadly attacks in Pakistan â€” and the Islamic State group. The Isis is currently considered the deadliest terrorist group in the world after it claimed responsibility for a string of attacks in the Western world and on Western citizens in recent times.
In the latest video, Zawahiri is heard saying: "We mark in these days the passage of nearly 15 years since the blessed invasions in Washington, New York, and Pennsylvania."
He is also heard taking a swipe at what many believe is the Islamic State group, which is also known as Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (Isis) or Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil). Zawahiri says: "Real soldiers do not impose themselves on you as rulers without your acceptance and consultation."
Al-Qaeda had released a similar video on Sept. 11, 2011, the 10th anniversary of the ghastly terrorist attacks.
Unfriendfinder was a Firefox plugin which allowed Facebook users to detect when people left their friend list or deactivated their accounts. After three years of development, Facebook requested the removal of the extension due to violation of their terms of service. The author chose not to fight the request. In response, I've created sumfriender, a Python script that can detect friend list changes as well as import previous friend lists from the Unfriendfinder Firefox plugin and grease monkey scripts.
Facebook claims that Unfriendfinder violated their terms of service because it altered the interface between the user and Facebook to add in new unauthorized features. But Unfriendfinder isn't a piece of malware. It started off as a Greasemonkey script, for which there are thousands out there designed to change the way people interact with websites that they use. It's something users choose to install to alter the way the information they receive is presented to them or interacted with.
Update: As of May 1, 2015, this script no longer works. Facebook changed their API so apps could only list friends who used the same app. They added taggable friends to their API, but my attempts to use it inplace of the current implementation have failed. The following is just for reference.
The following script accomplishes the same ends. In order to use it, you will need a web server to place the token capture file, Python 3 and a basic understanding of how Python scripts and Facebook authorization work. First, place the fb_token.html file on a web server. When you authorize this script, Facebook will redirect you to this file and its simple Javascript will display the token you'll need for authorization.
<!DOCTYPE html> <html lang="en"> <body> <p>FB Response <span id="token"></span></p> </body> </html>
Facebook recommends using https://www.facebook.com/connect/login_success.html as the redirect URL for authorization of desktop apps. Although the auth token is added to the URL, the login_success.html immediately redirects to block it out. It's meant to be run within an embedded web browser in a desktop application where the token can be picked up programmatically before the redirect. It goes by too fast for a human to copy, so for a command line app, we need to use the fb_token.html to capture it.
Upload this file to a web server and then place the URL in the sumfriender.config file. Make sure this URL is setup in your Facebook app as a valid OAuth redirect. You will also need to add your Facebook API key and secrete as APP_ID and APP_KEY respectively:
[FB_API] APP_ID=1212121212121212 APP_KEY=abababababababababababababababab OAUTH_TOKEN= REDIRECT_URI=https://example.com/fb_token.html
In the advanced section of your Facebook application settings, you'll need to add the address to the fb_token.html file on your web server.
If you used the previous Unfriendfinder Greasemonkey extension or the Firefox plugin, you can import your old friend database. To do so, search for either a prefs.js file or a greasemonkey-prefs.uff.js in your Firefox application data directory. This is typically in ~/.mozilla/firefox/xxxxxxxx.default on Linux or C:\Users\[Username]\AppData\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\xxxxxxxx.default on Windows. Run the preferences javascript through extract_uff.py to extract the Unfriendfinder data into text files.
Source code for extract_uff.py on GitHub
#!/usr/bin/env python3 # # extract_uff.py - Extracts friends/unfriends list from previous # versions of the UnfriendFinder GreaseMonkey script # and FireFox Plugin # # Sumit Khanna <sumit@penguindreams.org> - http://penguindreams.org # # License: Free for non-commercial use # import sys import re import json import time import os def format_json(json_obj): obj = json.loads(json_obj) ret = [] for f in obj.items(): ret.append( "{0:15} {1}".format(f[0], str(f[1]['name'].encode('utf-8'),'ascii','ignore') ) ) return ret def save(name,lst): i = 1 while os.path.exists(name): name = '{0}.{1}'.format(name,i) i += 1 print("Writing {0}".format(name)) fd = open(name,'w') for i in lst: fd.write("{0}
".format(i)) fd.close() def user_pref(key,json_obj): section = key.split('_')[-1:][0] if section == 'unfriends': save('unfriends.txt',format_json(json_obj)) if section == 'deactivated': save('deactivated.txt',format_json(json_obj)) if section == 'friends': save('friends.txt',format_json(json_obj)) if __name__ == '__main__': if len(sys.argv) < 2: print('Usage: extract_uff.py <prefs.js|greasemonkey-prefs.uff.js>') exit(2) fd = open(sys.argv[1], "r", encoding='utf-8') for line in fd: eline = line if re.search('extensions.greasemonkey.scriptvals.unfriend_finder',eline): eval(eline.strip().split(';')[0])
Running extract_uff.py
$ ./extract_uff.py ~/.mozilla/firefox/abcdefg.default/prefs.js Writing deactivated.txt Writing friends.txt Writing unfriends.txt Writing deactivated.txt.1 Writing friends.txt.1 Writing unfriends.txt.1
If you had multiple people using the same web browser while logging into Facebook, you might get multiple files as shown above. The friends.txt is what will be used going forward, so select the correct one for your account and move it to friends.txt in the directory you will execute sumfriends.py from. The other files are there for your reference.
sumfriends.py is the script that will grab your friends list. Upon the first run, it will open a web browser for you to authorize the application. If you've setup your application, redirect URL and fb_token.html correctly, you will get a token you can place in the configuration file. This token will expire very quickly, so ever subsequent time the script is run, it will exchange the token for one with a longer expiration time and save it in the configuration file. It will then show you any friends that are no longer in your list, output their details to the screen, save those details to the status.txt file and update the friends.txt file with your current friends list.
Source code for sumfriends.py on GitHub
#!/usr/bin/env python3 """ sumfriender.py - A script for detecting changes in your Facebook friend list Copyright 2013 - Sumit Khanna - PenguinDreams.org Free for non-commercial use """ import time import configparser import urllib.request import urllib.parse import webbrowser import json import argparse import os import sys import time class Facebook(object): def __init__(self,config_file): config = configparser.ConfigParser() config.read(config_file) self.fb_app = config.get('FB_API','APP_ID') self.fb_key = config.get('FB_API','APP_KEY') self.redirect_uri = config.get('FB_API','REDIRECT_URI') self.oauth_token = config.get('FB_API','OAUTH_TOKEN') self.config_file = config_file self.config_parser = config def requires_auth(self): return self.oauth_token.strip() == '' def __fb_url(self,path,vars): return 'https://graph.facebook.com/{0}?{1}'.format( path, urllib.parse.urlencode(vars)) def __make_request(self,url): #print(url) with urllib.request.urlopen(url) as html: return str( html.read() , 'ascii' , 'ignore' ) def login(self): webbrowser.open(self.__fb_url('oauth/authorize', { 'type' : 'user_agent' , 'client_id' : self.fb_app , 'redirect_uri' : self.redirect_uri, 'response_type' : 'token' , 'scope' : 'user_friends' } )) def __friends_as_dict(self,obj): ret = {} for f in obj: ret[f['id']] = f['name'] return ret def friend_list(self): obj = json.loads((self.__make_request(self.__fb_url('me/friends', { 'access_token' : self.oauth_token } )))) friends = self.__friends_as_dict(obj['data']) while 'paging' in obj and 'next' in obj['paging']: obj = json.loads(self.__make_request(obj['paging']['next'])) if len(obj['data']) > 0: friends.update(self.__friends_as_dict(obj['data'])) return friends def user_active(self,uid): try: obj = json.loads(self.__make_request(self.__fb_url(uid, { 'access_token' : self.oauth_token } ))) return 'id' in obj except urllib.error.HTTPError: return False def extend_token(self): "Requests a new OAUTH token with extended expiration time and saves it to the config file" token = urllib.parse.parse_qs(self.__make_request(self.__fb_url('oauth/access_token',{ 'client_id' : self.fb_app , 'client_secret' : self.fb_key , 'grant_type' : 'fb_exchange_token' , 'fb_exchange_token' : self.oauth_token })))['access_token'][0] self.config_parser.set('FB_API','OAUTH_TOKEN',token) fd = open(self.config_file,'w+') self.config_parser.write(fd) fd.close() class StatusWriter(object): def __init__(self,status_file,stdout=False): self.__fd = open(status_file,'a') self.__screen = stdout def write(self,line): self.__fd.write('{0}
'.format(line)) if self.__screen: print(line) def __del__(self): self.__fd.close() def load_old_friends(data_file): oldfriend = open(data_file,'r') data = {} for of in oldfriend: parts = of.split(" ") data[parts[0]] = " ".join(parts[1:]).strip() return data def save_friends(data_file,list): fd = open(data_file,'w') for f in list: fd.write( "{0:15} {1}
".format(f, str(list[f].encode('utf-8'),'ascii','ignore') ) ) fd.close() if __name__ == '__main__': parser = argparse.ArgumentParser( description='A script to scan for changes in Facebook friend statuses', epilog='Copyright 2013 Sumit Khanna. Free for non-commercial use. PenguinDreams.org') #usage='%prog [-c config file] [-f friends file] [-s status file]' parser.add_argument('-v','--version', action='version', version='%(prog)s 0.1') parser.add_argument('-c',help='configuration file with API/AUTH keys [default: %(default)s]', default='sumfriender.config',metavar='config') parser.add_argument('-f',help='friend list db file [default: %(default)s]', default='friends.txt',metavar='friend_db') parser.add_argument('-l',help='status log file [default: %(default)s]', default='status.txt',metavar='log') parser.add_argument('-s',help='supress writing status to standard out', action='store_true') args = parser.parse_args() if not os.path.exists(args.c): print('Configuration file {0} does not exist'.format(args.c), file=sys.stderr) sys.exit(2) fb = Facebook(args.c) if fb.requires_auth(): print("You need a login key. Copy your access token to the OAUTH_TOKEN field in the configuration file.",file=sys.stderr) fb.login() sys.exit(3) else: #Let's renew our token so it doesn't expire fb.extend_token() cur_friends = fb.friend_list() if not os.path.exists(args.f): print("{0} not found. Creating initial friends list".format(args.f)) save_friends(args.f,cur_friends) else: old_friends = load_old_friends(args.f) out = StatusWriter(args.l, not args.s) heading = False for uid in old_friends: if uid not in cur_friends: if not heading: date = time.strftime("%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S") out.write(date) out.write('----------------------') heading = True status = 'is no longer in your friends list' if fb.user_active(uid) else 'has been deactivated or has disabled application access' output = "Friend {0} ({1}) {2}".format(old_friends[uid],uid,status) out.write(output) if heading: out.write('') save_friends(args.f,cur_friends,)
I do not distribute any application keys or secretes. You'll have to set those up yourself. Be aware you might be violating Facebook's terms of service by using this script. You'll want to run this script at regular intervals using a scheduler such as cron. Since it only displays output when there are changes to your friends, you can combine it with my Ruby E-mail Script to send you e-mail notifications on changes.
So you might be asking, why do I care if someone removes me as a friend on Facebook? Am I placing putting too much importance on my on-line life? Well honestly, I rarely use Facebook for anything other than Instant Message and promoting my own websites and projects. I just find it interesting what lengths Facebook would go to ensure users only experience their service in the way Facebook intended.
Facebook's primary source of income is their ad revenue. Everything they do is carefully engineered to increase your interaction time. Don't like a new interface change? It was probably put before a focus group to make sure you dislike it enough that you spend time trying to learn how to use it, but not so much you stop interacting with it entirely. Even your feed is filtered to avoid content from friends with opinions contrary to your own, in what Eli Pariser calls The Filter Bubble.
What bothers me is that Facebook would even request a take-down from Unfriendfinder. Is writing software that changes the way we interact with a website a violation of terms of service? How can it possibly infringe on intellectual property? If I built a custom web browser that added lots of additional context to the content of web pages, do the owners of those web pages have any right to demand I stop distributing my custom web browser? What does this imply about ad blocking software? What about augmented reality displays? Could a building owner sue for an advertisement a pair of glasses overlays on the building? If data is sent to your computer, whether it be audio, video or web pages, what software you chose to view and interpret that data should be up to you.
With the way technology is moving, I think that in the future, we'll see more people move off closed private networks like Facebook, Google and Twitter and to more public and open platforms. We'll see more open source solutions, with standard publishing interfaces, that will allow more control of what people post and share and more portability for moving that data between services.
A schoolgirl in Pennsylvania has been held by Police after plotting a mass shooting at Radnor High School. Courtesy FOX 29
POLICE in Pennsylvania believe they may have foiled another high school shooting after teachers discovered the disturbed writings of a 17-year-old female student.
The girl, who attended Radnor High School, northwest of Philadelphia, had developed an obsession on the Columbine High School massacre of 1999 and wrote to the parents of one of the perpetrators.
“I could be the first female shooter,” the girl had written in one of her school notebooks, which was discovered by a teacher.
The girl was arrested on Monday and is receiving care. Police said she had a history of psychological issues.
The Mirror quoted Police Superintendent William Colarulo, who said: “She made references to killing a teacher, killing fellow students in a certain manner, and also injuring herself.”
“I want to trap them, pick them off one by one,” she is alleged to have written in her notebook. “Blow up the cafeteria, shoot everyone in classrooms. Imagine the power, the bullets leaving the gun with a loud bang, piercing kids around me, the way they collapse, their blood splattering the floor, the screams.”
The two notebooks contained other disturbing passages, such as “flood the halls with corpses” and “I'm about to get very violent”.
Colarulo said the police would be “remiss” if they had not taken the threat seriously.
“As soon as it was recognised that these writings were bizarre and dangerous the appropriate steps were taken,” he said. “That's what we hope people will do from now on.”
The mother of a student who spoke to NBC, Debbie Singer, said it was a relief that the girl did not have access to a gun at her family home.
AutoGuide.com
BMW is gearing up to launch a new flagship SUV and we had our artists put together a render of what the X7 could look like.
The BMW X7 will be built in South Carolina and will sit on the same platform as BMW's 7 Series sedan. Carbon fiber reinforced plastic, aluminum and magnesium were used heavily in the platform to make it as light as possible. As the penultimate vehicle in BMW's lineup of “sports activity vehicles,” the X7 will feature the most luxurious cabin of any BMW product.
The nose seen on our X7 renders takes styling cues from the controversial 3.0 CSL Hommage Concept, while the body looks similar to the X5.
SEE ALSO: BMW X7 Confirmed
Under the hood, familiar BMW engines are expected, including a turbocharged 3.0-liter six-cylinder unit, a 4.4-liter V8 and, sitting at the top of the range, a 6.0-liter V12. A plug-in hybrid model could also be in the cards, borrowing the powertain from the X5 PHEV.
Rumor has it that BMW is also planning a Grand Klasse (GKL) model that will start at over $100,000 and top out somewhere under $200,000. This is to make sure it doesn't cut into the Rolls-Royce Cullinan's territory.
The X7 should arrive as a 2018 model, sometime in late 2017.
[Render Artist: Tobias Buettner]
Discuss this story at our BMW Forum
The FBI has stated as of 8:40 PM PST that they will not make any aggressive moves toward the four remaining protesters tonight and they will allow Rev. Franklin Graham and Nevada State Assemblywoman Michelle Fiore to negotiate the surrender tomorrow at 8:00 AM.
Update 2/11 9:28 am est: Oregon Standoff: Cliven Bundy Arrested, Occupiers Say They Will Leave Refuge
Update 2/11 2:24 pm est: All occupiers have surrendered.
This is a live stream from inside the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Burns, Oregon. According to those on the phone, 28,000 people are listening. The FBI is reportedly refusing to talk to Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore who is attempting to resolve this without bloodshed. Fiore claims she just landed at the Portland airport and is on her way to Burns Oregon to act as a negotiator for those inside the facility.
FBI has surrounded the facility and is reportedly less than 50 yards from the door. They were at one point speaking over loudspeakers.
Rev. Franklin Graham, who was supposed to arrive tomorrow to negotiate surrender has reportedly called in to the line. Rev. Graham says that he has been told that he will be allowed to walk those armed protesters out Thursday morning at 7:00 A.M.
Voices on the phone say that the FBI agents on the ground are saying that no one will be allowed on the refuge until after the surrender.
Brain scans revealed which event a person was remembering Scientists say they have been able to tell which past event a person is recalling using a brain scan. The University College London researchers showed people film clips and were able to predict which ones they were subsequently thinking about. The research, published in Current Biology, provides insight into how memories are recorded. The authors hope the findings will ultimately contribute to development of treatments for memory loss. Previous research has shown brain scans can predict simpler thought processes such as distinguishing between colours, objects or places. The UCL researchers say recalling memories of past events is a more complex process. Everyday memories The study builds on a previous discovery by the same team that they could tell where a person was standing in a virtual reality room using a brain scan. "In our previous experiment, we were looking at basic memories, at someone's location in an environment," says Professor Maguire, from the Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging at UCL, who led the study. "What is more interesting is to look at 'episodic' memories - the complex, everyday memories that include much more information on where we are, what we are doing and how we feel." Now that we are developing a clearer picture of how our memories are stored, we hope to examine how they are affected by time, the ageing process and by brain injury
Professor Eleanor Maguire, UCL The researchers asked 10 volunteers to watch three short film clips of people doing everyday activities such a posting a letter or throwing a coffee cup in a bin. The volunteers were then asked to remember each of the films in turn while inside a specialist MRI scanner, which recorded brain activity that was then studied by a computer programme. First time The researchers found that in subsequent scanning sessions, the computer algorithm could predict which film the volunteers were thinking about from the pattern of their brain activity. They said it was the first time that brain scans had been used to distinguish between memories of past events. Experts praised the research. Richard Morris, professor of neuroscience at the University of Edinburgh, said: "These findings are a really valuable advance on traditional ways of analysing brain images. They look not just at the strength of the signal, but the actual pattern of activity across the brain. "By doing this in memory areas, it is possible for the first time to distinguish one memory from another - even if both memories are equally strong." The computer algorithm doesn't really 'read' memories - it merely distinguishes one from another.
Professor Richard Morris, Glasgow University But he pointed out that the research does not mean it is possible to literally know what a person is remembering. "The computer algorithm doesn't really 'read' memories - it merely distinguishes one from another." He said the findings could lead to a whole range of interesting developments. "All manner of next steps come to mind - such as distinguishing a true memory from a false one, or a recent memory from one long ago." The scientists say their research contributes to an understanding of how memories are formed and recalled. They hope it will eventually help develop treatments for people with memory loss though ageing or brain injury. Dr Susanne Sorensen, Alzheimer's Society's head of research said: "This research is interesting because it tells us more about how memories are stored and recalled in normal healthy people. "It is not directly related to the study of the memory problems that are one of the symptoms of dementia, but the methods developed in this study may in the longer term help us investigate what goes wrong in brains that are developing the diseases which cause dementia."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Andrew Cuomo Will Be Reelected and Public Education Will Suffer Because Of It
New York's incumbent governor will likely sail to a reelection tomorrow, and his dismantling of public education will continue apace. (Office of Gov. Cuomo / Flickr)
Andrew Cuomo has made no secret of his disdain for public school teachers. He sees himself as a disruptive force in public education, using a Silicon Valley term supposedly describing innovation. For Cuomo and many neoliberal Democrats attempting to privatize public education, charter schools are a key form of this disruption.
Back in March, he told John Castimatidis during a radio interview that public schools “have their lobbyists and they have their little public relations teams, and they have their front groups and their advocates, and this [charter schools] is disruptive to that entire system.”
Last week, Cuomo lashed out at public schools again. During an interview with the New York Daily News editorial board, he said he would “break what is … one of the only remaining public monopolies.”
It is part of an increasing trend nationwide to turn public schools from a public good to capital-producing machines. Recent studies have shown charter schools in other major cities to be no more effective than public schools. But perhaps effectiveness is not what most concerns Cuomo.
It is easy to see why Cuomo would put public schools in the crosshairs so close to an election where he has a 20-point lead over his Republican opponent Rob Astorino. Throughout his tenure as governor, Cuomo has been an unabashed support of charter schools. Many of his largest campaign contributors are connected and stand to profit from the expansion of charter schools.
The most visible of these supporters is Eva Moskowitz. For the 2012 election cycle, her PAC, the Great Public Schools, contributed over $60,000 to Cuomo's campaign. Moskowitz is also the CEO and founder of Success Academy Charter Schools in New York City, the largest—and growing—charter school operator in New York City. In October, the State University of New York (SUNY) committee charged with overseeing charter schools authorized 17 more charters in New York, 14 of which would be Success Academy schools.
It's not just PACs. According to the New York Post, Success Academy board members, which include hedge fund managers, attorneys and public relations professionals, have also donated over $375,000 to Cuomo's reelection campaign.
The chairman of the SUNY committee, Joseph Belluck, was called out in by Hofstra University education professor Alan Singer earlier this month because of his contributions to the governor while chairman of the committee.
It's clear where Cuomo's allegiance lies, but teachers in New York have not backed down quietly. In August, New York State United Teachers (NYSUT) made a point of not endorsing Cuomo or any other gubernatorial candidate this election cycle. This is a hostile neutrality, and an indicator of a larger rift, because teachers unions have traditionally been bastion of support for the Democratic Party.
Other teachers associations have not been so neutral. Progressive Green Party candidate Howie Hawkins, a Teamster from Syracuse, has amassed endorsements from a number of the state's teachers unions. Trailing a distant third, Hawkins is still likely to strengthen the Green Party's position in New York. His 2010 campaign brought it back to prominence after having been off the ballot for a number of years.
Cuomo's antipathy for teachers is clearly mutual, and it's not just because of his support for charters. New York has adopted the nationwide Common Core standards that were adopted in 43 states. The standards are widely criticized by all sides of the political spectrum for a variety of reasons: too difficult, poorly planned, too much government interference. Earlier this year, even Cuomo had to admit Common Core was having a negative impact on students' test scores, but still wants to see teacher evaluations tied to tests in the future.
Cuomo is likely to be reelected tomorrow. The extent to which he will be able to dismantle public education in New York during his next term in office is uncertain. But one thing is clear: Cuomo is going to try his hardest.
Newsmax and Donald Trump are teaming up for a GOP debate in Iowa and Ron Paul is the second candidate to turn the Donald down.
“The selection of a reality television personality to host a presidential debate that voters nationwide will be watching is beneath the office of the Presidency and flies in the face of that office's history and dignity," campaign chairman Jesse Benton said.
"Mr. Trump's participation as moderator will distract from questions and answers concerning important issues such as the national economy, crushing federal government debt, the role of the federal government, foreign policy, and the like. To be sure, Mr. Trump's participation will contribute to an unwanted circus-like atmosphere," Benton continued.
“Mr. Trump's selection is also wildly inappropriate because of his record of toying with the serious decision of whether to compete for our nation's highest office, a decision he appeared to make frivolously. The short-lived elevation of Mr. Trump's stature as a candidate put him on the radar of many organizations and we recall that last spring he was invited to keynote the Republican Party of Iowa's annual Lincoln Day Dinner, yet at the last minute he left RPI holding the bag by canceling. In turn, RPI canceled its biggest fundraising gala of the year and suffered embarrassment and in addition RPI was required to engage in refunding measures. Our candidate will not even consider participating in the late-December debate until Mr. Trump publicly apologizes to Iowa party leaders and rectifies in full the situation.
“Therefore our candidate Ron Paul, the champion of the Constitution, has advised he will not attend."
I wrote yesterday that Jon Huntsman had humorously turned down Trump's invitation. So far only Paul and Huntsman are refusing to attend. This puts other candidates in a tricky situation. You don't want to be the only kid in class who shows up to the dance. Then again, with fewer candidates in attendance, the remaining debaters get more air-time. That's going to appeal to the Perrys and Bachmanns of the race who are desperate for any attention they can get.
And it's tempting for Newt Gingrich, too, because Newt is drawn to air time like a moth to flame. But serious contenders like Romney are going to have to think this one through.
Anyways, good for Paul and Huntsman to turn this down. This GOP race is already too much like reality television this election cycle. We hardly need to bring actual reality television into the mix.
If you strip away the ideology what we really want out of a president is a strong leader. Refusing to join the circus, like refusing to endorse torture, speaks to the character of both Paul and Huntsman. Integrity is a rare quality in a politician, but an important one.
You can follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt dies of a cerebral hemorrhage in his home at Warm Springs, Georgia, on this day in 1945. The only man to be elected to four terms as president of the United States, Roosevelt is remembered–by friends and enemies alike–for his New Deal social policies and his leadership during wartime.
Roosevelt was elected to a third term in 1940 with the promise of maintaining American neutrality as far as foreign wars were concerned: “Let no man or woman thoughtlessly or falsely talk of American people sending its armies to European fields.” But as Hitler's war spread, and the desperation of Britain grew, the president fought for passage in Congress of the Lend-Lease Act, in March 1941,which committed financial aid to Great Britain and other allies. In August, Roosevelt met with British Prime Minister Winston Churchill to proclaim the Atlantic Charter, which would become the basis of the United Nations; they also drafted a statement to the effect that the United States “would be compelled to take countermeasures” should Japan further encroach in the southwest Pacific.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Despite ongoing negotiations with Japan, that “further encroachment” took the form of the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor, “–a day that would live in infamy.” The next day Roosevelt requested, and received, a declaration of war against Japan. On December 11, Germany and Italy declared war on the United States.
Certain wartime decisions by Roosevelt proved controversial, such as the demand of unconditional surrender of the Axis powers, which some claim prolonged the war. Another was the acquiescence to Joseph Stalin of certain territories in the Far East in exchange for his support in the war against Japan. Roosevelt is often accused of being too naïve where Stalin was concerned, especially in regards to “Uncle Joe's” own imperial desires.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
OMG thank you Santa for being so AWESOME! My fav animal is the sugar glider and I was worried that it would be tough so I gave my Santa some other options like how I love a lot of Australian animals, or just animals that are cute and I even gave the option to gift to my husband instead as he loves easier animals like the Siberian husky and lions. I gave my Santa options to try and make it easier, so what happens? My Santa went over the top and gifted me all of the things I mentioned!
Santa found me a wonderful image in a frame of a sugar glider. On my desk right now looking at me. Reminds me of home with it hanging off the gum tree leaves. Also got a cute koala pencil case, found it funny how I had to pull his ear down to open it XD so fluffy and cute! But there wasn't gifts just for me, there was also a Siberian Husky portrait print which my husband loves. Comes with a certificate of Authentication (#3 woo!). He says thank you! I also got a cute silicon mould tray with lion, hippo and a bear looking so adorable! Even got a letter mentioning it can be used for cute shaped chocolates. Problem is they will look too cute to eat! But it will be chocolate and who can say no to chocolate? What a conundrum. On the letter it also mentioned that the photos on the bookmarks was taken by my Santa! THIS is what I love, the personal touches. The photos are so stunning, I especially love the lamb resting on his brother(?) and how his eyes sleepily looking towards the camera. I hope you continue photography because you have a great eye for it!
Thank you so much for all the wonderful gifts, and a huge thank you for including your own wonderful photos and letter with the cute drawings.
If it is one thing I have always found odd, it is that societies in fantasies don't typically get the “dystopian” label, despite how close they may shear to the concept. After all, all medieval-styled societies were more or less dystopian already, right? Oppressed peasants complaining about the violence inherent in the system and all that? But there is an example of a fantasy society in particular that I think exemplifies the dystopia sub-genre while kind of hiding it, and that is the Seanchan Empire from Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time.
So, what is it that makes Seanchan dystopian? Well, it's complex. It is, without a doubt, a horrible society from the first time we are introduced to it as a rampaging, mysterious army that has come out of nowhere, using strange monsters for war, and enslaving any woman who can use the One Power. That they do this in very short order to one of the female leads of the story makes them all the more purely evil, right? Yeah, about that.
Now, I'm sure I'm going to get a fair amount of flak for the following assertion, but…Seanchan isn't all that bad, in context. Now, Robert Jordan was pretty clear on what he thought about moral relativism, which is to say he despised any concept that could attempt to justify what he viewed as evil. Yet, his writing is fairly fraught with plenty of gray in his world of black and white, and I think a huge part of the Seanchan Empire is to make us realize that, even with a concept of absolute good and evil, it is hard to classify anything of this mortal coil that way.
So, Seanchan isn't that evil, I say? Yeah. Okay, they have slavery and treat magic users even worse than slaves. Let us look at the contexts for these. First, slavery: well, this is pretty well dark and evil, except that in several instances, we are shown that Seanchan slaves still have social mobility. Not to buy their freedom—although I cannot recall offhand if it is ever mentioned that slaves could become free men in the Seanchan social structure—but there are generals who are slaves that command more respect and bearing than some of the lower nobles. Conversely, it seems like once a person becomes basic da'covale, that is to say, the servants that wear nearly transparent robes, there isn't necessarily that much of a chance for said mobility.
This kind of leads into the social structure of the Seanchan in general. While no single nation in The Wheel of Time exactly translates to a nation in the real world, there are obviously some strong references to the rigid social structures of feudal Japan and China in our “Empire from beyond the vast western sea.” Lots of bowing, lots of concern over exactly what level of familiarity a person is allowed to use to another, all the way up from the meanest peasant to the Empress herself (may she live forever). The more European and American main characters find the way people must prostrate themselves on the floors before nobility and bow so ridiculously low in general an affront, but we must remember we are always viewing the Seanchan through our characters eyes in these instances.
When we finally get to see through a Seanchan's eyes, there isn't some constant sense of dread about wondering if they used the right level of deference to a superior. It is second nature, and does not really inconvenience their daily routines. While the Seanchan are making plenty of slaves of the Westlanders they are conquering, a good part of this seems to come from culture shock and the general pig-headedness of any culture dealing with another. People natively from Seanchan have to majorly break the rules they have had ingrained in them from birth to end up in sheer, white robes.
Then, of course, there is the way they treat the women who channel. Yes, degrading a sentient human to a pack animal that just happens to be able to talk is deplorable, but I think this is honestly a very hard thing to truly analyze from our sofas. After all, we have never in the history of humanity had to deal with a small segment of our population that had god-like power compared to the rest of us. Various mediums have tried in various ways to use superhumans or magic users as metaphors for racism or sexism or the like, but I think Jordan does a wonderful job of showing a working society dealing with the issue.
After all, Seanchan as a nation had been terrorized by the Aes Sedai that had been left over from the apocalyptic breaking of the world, something they were marginally responsible for anyway. From what information we have been given, the Aes Sedai had been waging open warfare on each other in Seanchan for two thousand years until the current ruling faction sailed over a thousand years prior to the story. They then turned on each other, one of them created a means for the Aes Sedai to be controlled, and the conquerors took matters into their own hands. They could not trust the channelers and they had no other means of protecting themselves from the channelers who would otherwise just dominate them with their natural-born ability. No, I'm not saying that chattel-slavery is the way to deal with it ideally, but they made the best of a bad situation.
So, all this comes down to why I think Seanchan really deserves to be examined as a dystopia in general. I once heard a “working definition” of a dystopia at a convention that I really liked. It went something along the lines of “A utopia is where everyone is happy. A dystopia is a utopia where someone is miserable.” See, it has been observed many times in the series that the common people don't mind Seanchan rule. In fact, they kind of like it. The Seanchan offer them better laws and enforcement of said laws, even if it is by certain draconian measures. The Seanchan for the most part don't demand much change of their subjects except for the adherence to egalitarian laws, and that anyone who can use the One Power be handed over so they do not become a threat. Even becoming a regular slave doesn't doom you to a horrible life, per se, as if you manage to prove yourself to still be worth something, you could become a respected member of the military or a high ranking servant to the nobility. But, honestly, for the Average Joe, it is the best just to tug the forelock like they always have and enjoy the better rule of law. So, 96% of the population lives in remarkable well ordered peace and is free to pursue the lives they want, 1% deals with the politicking, which is vicious and cut-throat no matter what country you are in, and 3% is either instantly put to death (the male channelers, which is what happens in all societies), or enslaved in a horrible way.
Yeah, sounds pretty dystopian to me, and a good one at that. See, the best dystopia, in my opinion, is one that, if you are an average person on the inside, you might actually think you are in a near utopia instead. So, as much as I feel kind of dirty saying, but if I was to be a random person in any particular nation, I think Seanchan might actually be my number one pick. Scary, isn't it?
Richard Fife is a writer, blogger, and thinks the only downside to being an average Seanchan citizen would be the Texan accent. He is currently writing a free-to-read, illustrated steampunk web serial called The Tijervyn Chronicles. You can also follow him on Facebook and Twitter.
A few weeks ago I started hearing quite a bit of buzz about a new tool called the Freenet Messaging System or FMS. I went to its website within Freenet (we call them “freesites”), and downloaded it. Normally downloading and running code from an anonymous system isn't a good idea, but Freenet makes it easy to digitally sign content, and the author, while anonymous, seems pretty honorable.
If you are familiar with Usenet, feel free to skip the rest of this paragraph. Usenet is a discussion system that was very popular in the early days of the Internet. To use Usenet you need a NNTP client, which are a bit like email clients, and then you can post to newsgroups, forums on particular topics. NNTP is the protocol used to access Usenet, just as HTTP is the protocol used to access the web, and SMTP is the protocol used to send emails. Newsgroups have names like alt.humor.puns. These days the easiest way to use Usenet is probably through Google Groups, which, among other things, provides a web-based interface to Usenet. A number of dedicated NNTP clients still exist, one of the better ones is Thunderbird, which is primarily an email client created by the Mozilla Foundation, the creators of the Firefox web browser.
FMS evokes some nostalgia because it's pretty-much Usenet over Freenet, allowing users to read messages posted to online forums, and also to post their own messages. The major difference is that because it is Freenet, everyone can remain anonymous. Currently FMS has about 30 boards on topics ranging from science, to religion, to discussion of Freenet and FMS itself. Here is what it looks like in Thunderbird:
FMS is not the first such messaging system in Freenet, another popular one is called Frost. Unfortunately, over the past few months Frost has been plagued by a familiar problem on the Internet, spamming. Unlike the Internet, Frost's spammers are not motivated by financial gain, rather their goal seems to be pure mischief. Whatever their motivation, they've rendered Frost next to useless. Freenet's anonymity makes it next to impossible to prevent spam using the same techniques that are conventionally employed on the Internet.
So how does FMS address this problem? It's pretty cool, but first I need to give a quick crash course in how Freenet works.
Freenet is basically a globally distributed “Map” or “Dictionary”. You can insert data under “keys”, and then someone else, given the appropriate key, can retrieve that data. Freenet keys are somewhat analogous to URLs on the world wide web, except unlike URLs, they don't point to the physical location of the data.
Freenet has a few different types of keys, which impose various constraints on the data that can be inserted under them. The type of key used by FMS is called a “Subspace-Signed Key” or SSK. The SSK itself contains a cryptographic public key, and any data inserted under a SSK must be signed by the corresponding private key. An SSK is used much like a file-system directory from which anyone can read, but only the “owner” of the SSK can write. Websites in Freenet are typically inserted under an SSK so only the author can update them.
Typically, email is “push” – senders push email to your email inbox. FMS takes the opposite approach, to receive messages from people you must “pull” it from their outbox. Because user's outboxes are SSKs, all of a user's messages are automatically signed and their integrity is checked by Freenet. With FMS, receiving messages from a particular person is a voluntary act – and the only result of spamming is to flood your own outbox.
So how do users decide whom they should pull from? FMS creates a “web of trust” between users, where each user indicates how much they trust other users they've communicated with. If person A trusts person B, and person B trusts person C, then person A can trust person C – and so on. Here is a representation of the current web of trust in FMS:
If a user proves to be untrustworthy, by spamming for example, then users can change their trust rating for that user, and this will propagate through the trust web, so that others quickly stop pulling messages from the spammer's outbox.
Ok, so how do you join the web of trust in the first place? FMS employs a clever mechanism based on the concept of “thinkcash” or CAPTCHAs. Every FMS user inserts these CAPTCHA tests, which can then be solved by a new user in order of that person to become minimally trusted by the existing user. Basically, you need to prove you are human. This is what this looks like in FMS:
FMS is not without its shortcomings. It is likely that the necessity to pull from the outbox of every user will only scale to a limited point, however FMS is being actively developed, and it is likely that these problems can be overcome in due course.
If you would like to try FMS, go and install Freenet, then click on the link to the Freenet Message System that will appear on the front page, you can download it from there. Pre-built versions of FMS are provided for Windows and Linux, however if you use a Mac you'll need to compile it yourself (although this was pretty painless once I discovered I needed to add a -D USE_BUNDLED_SQLITE=ON to the cmake command).
Fourteen people have been arrested during dawn raids in northern English cities as part of an investigation into a suspected multimillion-pound landfill tax fraud.
About 180 officers from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) and local police officers swooped on properties across the north-east and Yorkshire.
The investigation into the suspected £78m fraud targeted six commercial and eight residential addresses in Gateshead, Washington, Hartlepool, Middlesbrough, Leeds and Hull.
Simon York, the director at the HMRC fraud investigation service, said: “Today's activities are the culmination of 18 months' painstaking investigation into the suspected systematic abuse of the landfill tax system.
“We believe that over £78m revenue may be involved, money which could be used to fund some of the UK's most vital public services. No one is above paying their fair and legal share of tax, as the rest of us do, and we are closing in on those who try to cheat the system.
“HMRC, working with our law enforcement partners, will do everything within our power to catch those involved in tax fraud of any kind, and will push for the strongest punishments through the court.”
In total, 11 men and three women were arrested, ranging from 23 to 49 years old.
A spokesman for the Environment Agency said: “The Environment Agency is supporting HMRC in a major operation at locations across Yorkshire and the north-east. “We are working closely with our partner organisations to help stamp out landfill tax evasion.”
MORELIA, Mexico -- Pope Francis urged Mexico's young people to resist the lure of easy money from dealing drugs and instead value themselves during a visit Tuesday to the heartland of the nation's narcotics trade. "Jesus, who gives us hope, would never ask us to be hit men," he said.
Francis brought a message of hope to Mexico's next generation during a youth pep rally in Morelia, capital of Michoacan state, a major methamphetamine production hub and drug-trafficking route.
It was by far the most colorful event of his visit, featuring butterfly-winged dancers and mariachi bands -- and a crowd so enthusiastic that Francis got pulled over by people grabbing at him.
Improvising at times from his text, Francis told the crowd that he understood that for young Mexicans it was difficult to feel their worth "when you are continually exposed to the loss of friends or relatives at the hands of the drug trade, of drugs themselves, of criminal organizations that sow terror."
But, he insisted, by following Christ they would find the strength to say "it is a lie to believe that the only way to live, or to be young, is to entrust yourselves to drug dealers or others who do nothing but sow destruction and death."
Francis offered a similar appeal to Mexican priests and nuns during a Mass earlier in the day in a Morelia stadium. There, he told the country's clerics that they must fight injustice and not resign themselves to the drug-fueled violence and corruption around them.
"What temptation can come to us from places often dominated by violence, corruption, drug trafficking, disregard for human dignity and indifference in the face of suffering and vulnerability? What temptation might we suffer over and over again when faced with this reality, which seems to have become a permanent system?" Francis asked.
"I think we can sum it up in one word: resignation."
It was a clear reference to the situation in Michoacan as well as the nation at large, where gangs and drug lords have thrived thanks in part to the complicity of police and other public authorities. That corruption came to light most recently in the case of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, who escaped for a second time from a maximum security prison in July, and was recaptured after an October meeting with actor Sean Penn.
While Francis gave a message of hope to residents of Morelia, his visit was also a symbolic vote of confidence for the city's archbishop, Alberto Suarez Inda.
Like Francis, Suarez Inda has called for Mexican bishops to be closer to their people and not act like bureaucrats or princes. Last year Francis made him a cardinal -- an unambiguous sign that Francis wants "peripheral" pastors like Suarez Inda at the helm of the church hierarchy.
Since beginning his Mexico trip Friday night, Francis has repeatedly taken to task the Mexican church leadership, many of whom are closely linked to Mexico's political and financial elite and are loath to speak out on behalf of the poor and victims of social injustice.
"Sometimes the violence has made us give up, either out of discouragement, habit or fear," said Fausto Mendez, a 23-year-old seminarian who attended Tuesday's Mass. "That's why the pope comes to tell us not to be afraid to do the right thing."
"Although he spoke strongly to the bishops, it was also directed at us," said Uriel Perez, 20-year-old seminarian at Tuesday's Mass. "Because the pope is demanding and he wants us to be prepared and on the streets shoulder to shoulder with our flock."
Priests have also been victims of the violence. Since 1988, 38 priests have been killed and two more are missing, according to the Catholic Multimedia Center, which tracks violence against religious people in Mexico. Twenty-eight were killed since 2006, half of them in regions plagued by drug violence, including Michoacan , Guerrero and Veracruz, including some who suffered signs of torture.
Much of Michoacan is part of a region called Tierra Caliente, or the Hot Lands, known for both its blistering temperatures and brutal tactics by gangsters eager to control lucrative drug-production territory and smuggling routes.
By 2013, the pseudo-religious Knights Templar cartel was widely kidnapping and extorting money and dominating the state's economic and political scene, so much so that local farmers took up arms against them. But the uprising by the vigilante-style "self-defense" forces brought little peace to the state, with the groups fighting among themselves even as new criminal gangs sprang up.
"I'm excited about the pope's visit, but the reality is that people are afraid. Right now there is a festive atmosphere and a lot of police, but in the day-to-day it's not that calm. Crime has risen," said Yulisa Duran, an 18-year-old nursing student sitting with her boyfriend in Morelia's main square.
As Francis entered the final stretch of his five-day trip to Mexico, his motivations for coming became clear. For starters, it's likely the trip might not have taken place at all, at least now, had Francis not needed to be in the region for his historic encounter Friday with the head of the Russian Orthodox Church, a meeting month' in the making.
It's also clear that Francis has some serious issues with the Mexican church hierarchy, which, for its part, also has some issues with him. In coming to Mexico, the pope did it on his own terms: Praying at the shrine of the Virgin of Guadalupe and visiting the most impoverished and crime-ridden areas, rewarding "his" bishops with his presence and sending a message to others with carefully chosen words and deeds.
He scolded church leaders for being too tied to their own privilege and power while staying quiet as their people suffer. He urged seminarians to be pastors of God and not "clerics of the state." He prayed at the tomb of Samuel Ruiz, a bishop who was a thorn in the side of the Mexican hierarchy for his defense of the indigenous.
What Francis didn't do is also significant: He did not hold any public event in Mexico City, domain of the conservative Cardinal Norberto Rivera Carrera, and cancelled a scheduled cultural encounter. It seems the frosty sentiment is mutual: When he came to the historic center for his meeting with the Mexican president and bishops, the central Zocalo square was oddly empty.
Francis wraps up his five-day visit on Wednesday by traveling to Ciudad Juarez, across from El Paso, Texas, for a cross-border Mass expected to focus heavily on the plight of migrants.
Image copyright AFP
US and EU officials have decided against a ban on laptops and tablets in cabin baggage on flights from Europe.
But after a four-hour meeting in Brussels to discuss the threats to aviation security, officials said other measures were still being considered.
US officials had previously said they were looking into extending to Europe a ban on electronics on flights from eight mostly Muslim countries.
The measure was introduced over fears a bomb could be concealed in a device.
The meeting was requested by EU officials after recent reports suggested US authorities had new information regarding laptop parts being turned into explosives.
Details of a specific threat have not been made public.
An EU source described the briefing as vitally important.
The authorities had been assured by their US colleagues that the meeting signalled the start of an era of better communication on security issues under President Donald Trump.
The US restrictions, introduced in March, apply to devices "larger than a smartphone" from the cabins of flights from Turkey, Morocco, Jordan, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
The UK issued a similar ban on flights from six countries.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Crowder of BRE Global Limited demonstrates the dangers of faulty batteries
Steve Landells, a safety expert at the British Airline Pilots Association, said there was a greater risk of lithium battery fires if larger devices were kept in an aircraft's hold.
"Given the risk of fire from these devices when they are damaged or they short circuit, an incident in the cabin would be spotted earlier and this would enable the crew to react quickly before any fire becomes uncontainable," he said.
"If these devices are kept in the hold, the risk is that if a fire occurs the results can be catastrophic; indeed, there have been two crashes where lithium batteries have been cited in the accident reports."
We found an enormous amount of posts on respiratory topics and thus have divided the content into two modules. This first module will focus on general respiratory issues with airway and pulmonary embolism covered in the second module. Below we have listed our selection of the 15 highest quality blog posts within the past 12 months (current as of April 2015) related to respiratory, curated and approved for residency training by the AIR Series Board. In this module we have 4 AIRs and 11 Honorable Mentions. We strive for comprehensiveness by selecting from a broad spectrum of blogs from the top 50 listing per the Social Media Index.
AIR Stamp of Approval and Honorable Mentions
In an effort to truly emphasize the highest quality posts, we have two subsets of recommended resources. The AIR stamp of approval will only be given to posts scoring above a strict scoring cut-off of ≥30 points (out of 35 total), based on our scoring instrument. The other subset is for “Honorable Mention” posts. These posts have been flagged by and agreed upon by AIR Board members as worthwhile, accurate, unbiased, and appropriately referenced despite an average score <30. All posts will still be part of the quiz needed to obtain III credit.
After reading, please take the quiz. Feel free to ask questions in the blog comment section below. The AIR Board faculty will answer them within 48 hours of posting. Be sure to include your email or contact information where requested in the Disqus blog comment area, so that you will be notified when we reply. We recommend programs give 5 hours (20 minutes per article) of III for this module.
*Special note, as of June 3, 2015, the Peds EM Morsels site is not working. As such, we will not include quiz questions from these references.
* As of July 17, 2015, the Peds EM Morsels site is working.
Take the quiz at ALiEMU
ALiEMU AIR Respiratory Part 1 block quiz
Highlighted Quality Posts
If you have any questions or comments, please contact us!
Background Information About the AIR Series
The ALiEM Approved Instructional Resources (AIR) Series is an effort to reward our residents for the reading and learning they are already doing online. We have created an Individual Interactive Instruction (III) opportunity utilizing FOAM resources for U.S. Emergency Medicine residents. For each module, the AIR board curates and scores a list of blogs and podcasts. A quiz is available to complete after each module to obtain residency conference credit. Once completed, your name and institution will be logged into our private database, which participating residency program directors can access to provide proof of completion.
Do you belong to a residency program that is not currently participating? No problem! Any one can read the AIR series curated post and complete the quiz for educational value!
If a residency program is interested in participating, please contact us!
Share This Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Print
Instagram
Dandelion Salad
Part II: Fossil fuels for fossil thoughts By Rand Clifford
Sent to me by Jason Miller from Thomas Paine's Corner. Thanks, Jason.
By Rand Clifford
8/10/08
Part I
Molders of public opinion work in such insidious ways that their actual methods and means usually go unnoticed. While inculcation of propaganda, lies, and disinformation do much of the shaping, simple omission has profound effect—might even be the favorite because it is, after all, nothing. It's hard to imagine nothing ever accomplishing so much, but consider that for most people under common awareness manipulation, whatever corporate media (CorpoMedia) omits, to a large extent doesn't exist.
Flag-draped coffins streaming home in the dead of night from our war crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan are under media blackout, and so mean as little to most Americans as the actual reasons for the invasions, or even the hideous war crimes themselves. By its nature, omission is all but limitless; its application by CorpoMedia has grown to enormous proportions as celebrities and sports overpower hard news. So this article focuses on omission of—the calculated disappearing of a single thing that for thousands of years has profoundly benefitted the health and well-being of people all over the world, and today offers so much more: Cannabis hemp.
6/26/08, the Economist newspaper published: Better Living Through Chemurgy. http://www.truthabouttrade.org/content/view/11985/54/ A decent article overall, at the end of paragraph one it points out that chemurgy is an ugly word; subtle implications being that there might actually be something ugly about chemurgy itself? Chemurgy is a branch of applied chemistry focused on preparing industrial products and consumer goods from agricultural raw materials. The term first appeared in William J. Hale's 1934 book The Farm Chemurgic. The National Farm Chemurgic Council was formed a year later to foster greater industrial use of agricultural raw material—something ugly in ravenous petrochemical empire eyes….
The Economist article lauds American scientist George Washington Carver for developing hundreds of industrial products from peanuts…then comes disinformation: “In the 1930s, Henry Ford started using parts made from agricultural materials, and even built an ‘all-soy car'”. Sorry, not “all-soy”—Ford made a car in 1941 of mostly resin-stiffened hemp fiber, with hemp plastic windows, and powered by hemp ethanol. Soy resins were used, but it has always been known as Ford's Hemp Car. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxlj6fgQ-ZU
Ford loved American farms, which by the mid-twenties were in an economic crisis that would worsen into the great depression. Ford knew that creating new markets for farm products was essential, and with his political and financial backing, the Farm Chemurgy movement started taking off. Ford also knew that with widespread cultivation, hemp could be an economic powerhouse—and that ethanol from hemp, or any other fermentable vegetable matter, was the fuel of the future, something widely agreed upon at the time in the automotive industry.
A favorite quote of Ford's: “There's enough alcohol in one year's yield of an acre of potatoes to drive the machinery necessary to cultivate the fields for one hundred years.” His first Model-T was designed to run on hemp alcohol.
Rudolf Diesel designed the diesel engine to be powered by vegetable oils, such as from hemp seed; at the 1900 world's fair he ran his new engine on peanut oil.
To the stupendous misfortune of virtually everything but Big Oil, the chemurgy movement was stifled by Big Oil. A new National Energy Program was the subject of many bills in Congress, focused on utilizing part of Americas vast agricultural capacity for production of alcohol fuels. Big Oil responded with withering lobby power, including slogans such as the government's proposed energy program “robbing taxpayers to make farmers rich”. Then, as now, whatever Big Oil wants, Big Oil gets. Ford's vision of cheap, clean and renewable biofuels spooked early oil barons into keeping oil prices in the range between $1 and $4 per barrel—prices so low that no other energy sources could compete. But once they were sure the competition had been killed off, the price of oil began to soar. They were not only able to eliminate competition from alcohol fuels…but were instrumental in diddling government into effectively banning hemp cultivation—an incredible robbing of the people to protect entrenched corporate profits that still endures.
Food, fuel, fiber, paper, plastics, medicines…cannabis hemp could turn sunshine, water and carbon dioxide into many thousands of pollution-free products with today's technology. Nothing else grows so prodigiously. Hemp can be grown in all 50 states, needs no petrochemical inputs, actually improves the soil, and could be a powerful resource for mitigating global warming. However, it's becoming obvious that the elite want catastrophic global warming to help further their population reduction plans—more on this in a moment.
Chemurgy attracting such renewed attention is certainly encouraging. Though after reading more than a dozen new articles on the subject, I saw no mention of hemp…until I hit an article written by a hero regarding modern hemp awareness, Jack Herer. His book on “Hemp and the Marijuana Conspiracy”: The Emperor Wears No Clothes has seen many printings since its debut in 1985. A true modern classic, Herer's book points out that not only has the word “hemp” been removed from all high school textbooks…he found that the Smithsonian Institution had also removed “hemp” from all exhibits, replacing it with “other fibers”—even though at the time referred to in the exhibits, hemp made up about 80% of the fibers used, while the fibers mentioned by name, such as cotton and jute, played minor roles. Herer questioned a museum curator about the absence of “hemp”, and was told: “Children don't need to know about hemp anymore, it confuses them.” Well, when it comes to CorpoMedia, it seems a similar decision has been made for the entire population. The fact that the National Congress of State Legislators has passed sweeping pro-hemp legislation, and the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture also vigorously support commercial production of hemp—as well as more than 15 states, most recently Vermont, having passed pro-hemp legislation…prime omission material for CorpoMedia. Same thing as Congressman Ron Paul's “Industrial Hemp Farming Act of 2007″ which has been comatose in the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security since April 20, 2007.After all, what standard, PAC-fed politico from the world's leading trafficker of heroin and cocaine wants to appear “soft on drugs”? http://www.druggingamerica.com/ciadrugs/index_cia_right.html
Chemurgy without hemp is almost like fire without heat. Hemp alone could produce more products than all other touted chemurgic candidates combined! Any serious mention of chemurgy should boldly list hemp as the absolute superstar, but as usual…there's the political stench of Big Oil and its petrochemical empire. Their latest subterfuge involves giving “biofuels” a bad name. By using their legendary clout to help ramrod ethanol from corn, they have not only contrived the outrageous “food-versus-fuel” controversy, but also greatly expanded the massive dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico fed by petrochemical runoff from all the new acres of corn—all the while enhancing their profits with soaring use of petrochemical fertilizers and other petrochemical inputs. http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/editorial/5924145.html It takes as much if not more fossil energy to produce a gallon of corn ethanol as the energy available from that gallon. The energy equation is helped somewhat by corn byproducts, but the bottom line in this heavily taxpayer subsidized boondoggle is: corn is one of the very worst crops we could choose for making ethanol, and hemp is probably the very best; incredible political complications muddy this reality, but under the mud things are very clear.
So why not utilize hemp for biofuels, the most perfect solution available for not only the fuel AND food crisis, but also as a premier scrubber of greenhouse gas? This monumental question has the simplest of answers: entrenched profit, and agenda. Hemp would force profits of Big Oil and its Petrochemical Empire to leak down to farmers…to the people—anathema to the elite. Wealth must flow up, they insist, not down, so THEIR government (CorpoGov) keeps hemp buried with the “marijuana” contrivance, while CorpoGov (and Wall Street) reap trillions from the trafficking of heroin and cocaine, denying average people of the most valuable of crops to supposedly protect them from the “menace of marijuana”. Could there be a better example of hypocrisy as a cornerstone of CorpoGov? Could there by a better example of the sense of it all than Ron Paul's federal hemp farming legislation being mummified in the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security? In all other industrialized nations this has been an agricultural consideration, meaning ALL other industrialized nations now benefit from hemp farming. But here in the home of Big Oil….
If instead of the obscene prohibition of more than 70 years, American farmers had been “allowed” to grow hemp, we might not be facing the intentional scuttling of America to make way for the elite's New World Order. Perhaps America's wealth would not be concentrated in so few hands, and Big Oil with their Petrochemical Empire would not so dominate CorpoMedia and Corpogov. Perhaps the Industrial Military Complex would not be the domestic and global monster it has become, and with goading White House psychopathology, might not have us at the brink of WWIII with imminent attack on Iran. You've seen the propaganda about Iran being the most evil incarnation this side of Nazi Germany…but along with Prescott Bush, who helped finance Hitler? http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2004/sep/25/usa.secondworldwar
And who can say that BushCo under direction of Dick Cheney is not as bad as they've ever come? Look closely at the reality of 9/11, especially what it has set in motion, by design. If sheer human suffering is the benchmark…with their terminal legacy of depleted uranium munitions, along with all the outright murders—including 3,000 of their own citizens in one fateful day in September, doesn't it seem that BushCo/Cheney are treading beyond the brutality that capitalist propaganda whores falsely attribute to “Uncle Joe” Stalin?
Back to hemp: if we rally the intelligence, dedication, and some of the spirit that got America going in the first place…nothing like hemp offers so much in reducing Big Oil and their Empire of CorpoGov and Industrial Military Complex and Global Predatory Capitalism. This is the only reason hemp remains banned in America…. Regional economies, wealth enriching its actual producers, healing of the planet's life-support systems—even if we find the spirit, do we still have time?
Back to global warming: the sheer wealth and propaganda utilized by Big Oil to make it seem like what is happening is not really happening, that should be a dead giveaway. If global warming caused primarily by runaway consumption of fossil fuels were not happening—were not dramatically accelerating as climate science professionals plus irrefutable evidence say, why would so much elite wealth be thrown at denying it? A main reason is that, for the elite, global warming is a maximum ally. How else could their planned 90% reduction of human population be so effortlessly achieved?
Such is the essence of Part II….
Rand Clifford is a writer living in Spokane, Washington, with his wife Mary Ann, and their Chesapeake Bay retriever, Mink. Rand's novels CASTLING, TIMING, VOICES OF VIRES, and PRIEST LAKE CATHEDRAL are published by StarChief Press: http://www.starchiefpress.com
see
Fossil fuels for fossil thoughts By Rand Clifford (Part II)
King Hemp Part I: From DEA Deadly Birdseed, Toward Power to the People By Rand Clifford
King Hemp: Part 2: Battle Lines: Natural, Or Synthetic…Life, Or Death? By Rand Clifford
King Hemp Part 3: We Got Mugged, So Let's Get Hemp Back By Rand Clifford
King Hemp IV: Rope and Dope By Rand Clifford
King Hemp V: Industrial Disease By Rand Clifford
Producer and company founder Brave Brothers recently sat down for an interview to talk about BIGSTAR and Brave Girls joining “The Unit,” KBS's upcoming idol rebooting project.
After confirming that all members of BIGSTAR will be participating in the program, Brave Brothers said that BIGSTAR was a group that can both dance and sing. “I think they'll receive a lot of attention if they show off their charms on ‘The Unit',” he explained. “That's why I'm excited for them. After the program I'm going to focus more on working on BIGSTAR. A lot of effort has been put in for their album already and I expect they'll get a lot more love next year.
Brave Brothers went on to talk about Brave Girls as well. When asked about Yujeong, Eunji, and Yuna, the members joining “The Unit,” he said they are incredibly talented girls who always work hard and are confident. “I hope they receive the public's attention as soon as possible,” he added.
Although Brave Girls' album has already been completed for their next comeback, Brave Brothers said it may undergo some changes according to how they perform on “The Unit.” He acknowledged that a viewer's opinion may differ from that of a producer and he wanted to take that into consideration.
Brave Brothers revealed that to him, “The Unit” is not about making it to the finals. He explained, “I just want people to know that there are these great kids with talent. I want them to see BIGSTAR and Brave Girls and wonder why they weren't so popular as they should've been.”
Brave Brothers also mentioned that Samuel, a solo artist in his company who became largely known after “Produce 101 Season 2,” was a positive influence for the members.
“BIGSTAR's Feeldog had gone on several sitcoms and variety shows, and is the best dancer. He even taught Samuel how to dance,” Brave Brothers began. “But luck is an important factor in success. Samuel is a good example and I think these guys will also receive the same kind of luck.” He says although Samuel debuted later than BIGSTAR or Brave Girls, he seems to be a positive influence on them and drives them to try harder.
“The Unit” will be airing its first episode on October 28 with members from Boys Republic, BIGSTAR, Brave Girls, DIA, Dal Shabet, and many other groups.
Source (1)
We learned late last year that J.K. Rowling was teaming with the BBC One to bring her uh, Robert Galbraith's mystery novels to television. Since the announcement, we've learned that the third Galbraith book, Career of Evil, will hit shelves on Oct. 20, but have heard next to nothing about when we'd all see Cormoran Strike and Robin Ellacott on the screen.
That recently changed, however, when the BBC presented their upcoming slate of series, which included some new details about what's being called The Cormoran Strike Mysteries. Reports from the event claim that production on the series will begin this fall, and an official release from the BBC names Sarah Phelps, who adapted Rowling's A Casual Vacancy, as the writer for the first Galbraith book, Cuckoo's Calling, with British TV vet Ben Richards taking The Silkworm.
The release also announced that Julian Farino would direct the series. Farino has a ton of TV experience, in the recent past working extensively with HBO on series like Baller, Entourage, and How to Make It in America.
For those unfamiliar with the books (which you shouldn't be because they're brilliant), the press release does a good job at describing the series:
Steeped in the atmosphere of contemporary London, Cormoran Strike's city is far from the bright lights and frenetic bustle, immersed instead in its darker, murkier side. War veteran turned private detective, Strike investigates shocking crimes together with his female assistant Robin, whose forensic mind and fierce determination he cannot ignore. The murders take them from the hushed streets of Mayfair to the literary haunts of Fitzrovia, exposing the seedy reality lurking beneath seemingly innocent societies. With each crime, they discover a little more about each other and both learn that appearances can be deceptive.
There are no official details yet about when or where the series will make its U.S. debut. The Cormoran Strike Mysteries is being produced by Rowling's production company, Brontë Film and Television. The company recently produced A Casual Vacancy for the BBC, and that miniseries then aired in the States on HBO. Whether The Cormoran Strike Mysteries goes the same route remains to be seen.
Why is Eden Prairie No. 1 this year? Not only is it family-friendly, it has a dynamite economy too.
At 5.1%, its unemployment rate is nearly one percentage point below the county rate and more than four points below the national average. It helps when you've got 50,000 jobs right in town.
Major employers include Fortune 500 trucking company C.H. Robinson, hearing-aid maker Starkey Labs, and the Minnesota Vikings, whose practice facility and front office are here. As for fiscal strength, Moody's gives the town a perfect AAA bond rating.
While it doesn't have much of a downtown, there's plenty of outer beauty: from gently rolling hills to 17 lakes that residents flock to year-round for swimming and ice skating. Town parks are laced with 125 miles of running, hiking, and biking trails.
No wonder residents rank among the healthiest people in the nation. Add in top-notch schools and safe streets and you've got a place that's tough to beat. --Ismat Mangla
The conviction of a 17-year-old girl in a Victoria “sexting” case should serve as a warning to youths who use text messages and other forms of online communication, said Crown prosecutor Chandra Fisher.
She said the case shows that youth should be wary of what they transmit via text, especially pictures.
article continues below
“They need to be careful what they send, what they send to each other and where it might end up.”
The convicted girl, who cannot be named under terms of the Youth Criminal Justice Act, has been found guilty of possessing and distributing child pornography, as well as uttering threats, in the unique case heard in Victoria Youth Justice Court.
The case involved the girl, 16 at the time, sending naked pictures via text message to her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend and to another friend. The pictures, which were stored on the boyfriend's phone, showed the ex-girlfriend in various revealing shots.
Fisher said the case has significance because there have been similar examples of online interaction “where young people do serious harm to themselves.”
Canadian teenagers Amanda Todd and Rehtaeh Parsons were both cyberbullied before committing suicide. Two teenagers are facing child pornography charges in the Rehtaeh Parsons case.
Defence lawyer Christopher Mackie said his next steps will include a constitutional challenge addressing whether Canada's laws against child pornography should apply to cases involving young people.
Fisher said that means some aspects of the case are still to come. “Really, today isn't a final decision, it's going to be heard again down the road.”
Sentencing is also on hold.
Mackie said he is disappointed that the trial and the constitutional challenge will be at least a few months apart.
“We wanted to ideally avoid the kind of situation that we have now where my client has a conviction of child pornography,” he said. “The concern [is] that if ultimately we succeed on a constitutional argument and it's found to be unconstitutional, then she's had to deal with the stigma of having been painted a child pornographer for the interim.”
The girl and her family feel she has been “singled out and picked on” since she was the only person prosecuted, Mackie said.
He said the intent of federal legislation will be part of his constitutional argument.
“The Supreme Court of Canada in 2001 denoted that Parliament enacted this legislation to deal with child pornography, ie: pedophiles and the exploitation of children. So the question is whether or not it's constitutional then to apply that regime to the phenomenon of teen sexting, which is what this is about.”
Mackie said the “ultimate argument” would be that laws haven't caught up to what is happening with social media. He said the federal government looks poised to bring in a new law to address “gaps” — something that would seem to acknowledge “a phenomenon of teens doing things that [are] problematic and they shouldn't be doing, and adults, as well.”
Meanwhile there is considerable “scrambling” in the legal system to deal with similar cases that come up, he said, with some leading to child-pornography charges and others to charges of harassment. “In this case, it happened to be child porn.”
Mackie said his client realizes she should have acted differently. “I think both she and her family acknowledge that her conduct, certainly it's something she regrets. I expect if she had the opportunity to do it over again, as we all would when we make mistakes, that she wouldn't do the same thing.”
He said the evidence indicated that neither she nor the other youths involved in the case “really realized the jeopardy they were placing themselves in.”
Still, the girl and her family have been frustrated by the case and question why the criminal justice system was involved.
“I guess that's part of the constitutional question: Is this an appropriate way to deal with this type of phenomenon?”
Current rules can be seen as a “heavy hammer” for cases involving youths, Mackie said.
Fisher noted that there were about 36,000 text messages and 4,000 images to sift through in the case.
jwbell@timescolonist.com
- - - - - - - - - - - - -
Original story:
The “sexting” trial of a Victoria teenager alleged to have sent nude pictures of another girl over the Internet, via texts and Facebook, wrapped up in a single day Thursday.
However, a constitutional challenge against the charges is still in the works.
The 17-year-old, whose identity is protected under the Youth Criminal Justice Act, is accused of sending explicit photos of her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend to both the former girlfriend and a friend.
The charges against the girl include possession and distribution of child pornography because the pictures were of a minor. The accused is also charged with uttering threats through texting.
The situation started when the boyfriend moved away from the B.C. community where he was living and came to Victoria, breaking up with his old girlfriend in the process.
Crown prosecutor Chandra Fisher said in Youth Justice Court that the accused was aiming to “mock and ridicule” the ex-girlfriend by sending the photos.
The accused had testified that her boyfriend was still in touch with his former girlfriend and she didn't like it.
The accused had heard that the ex-girlfriend was pregnant, and is alleged to have written nasty text messages about wanting the baby to come to harm.
Some of her comments were deemed threatening by the prosecutor, including a warning that the former girlfriend would be “stomped” if she ever showed up at the accused's Victoria-area high school.
Defence lawyer Christopher Mackie countered that it is hard to say whether any of the comments went beyond teenage “trash talking.”
The lawyers pored over pages of text messages during the questioning of witnesses.
“In any case of this nature, there's a lot of ‘he said, she said,' ” Mackie said outside court.
Judge Sue Wishart is scheduled to give her decision today. If the accused is found guilty, a sentencing hearing will follow.
Mackie said that if there is a guilty verdict, constitutional arguments about the case likely will be presented in a few months.
The defence lawyer is expected to argue that it is unconstitutional to charge youths who engage in sexting with child-pornography offences because sexting — sending sexualized or erotic images — is lawful for adults.
jwbell@timescolonist.com
Most Americans Underestimate the Tax Burden
One of the more remarkable features of the political landscape remains the fact that most Americans believe the nation is overtaxed while dramatically underestimating the actual level of taxes paid.
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey confirms that finding. If a person earns $60,000 a year, only 11% think that person would pay more than $15,000 in payroll and income taxes. In reality, while the amount would vary depending upon the circumstances of the individual, the actual tax burden would be higher than that amount.
As a starting point, such a salary would generate $4,590 in payroll taxes. Recommended withholding for such a salary range from $7,000 to $10,000 before inclusion of state taxes. Overall, even if the worker only paid 17% in combined state and federal income taxes, their total payments would top the $15,000 mark.
Nine percent (9%) think the total tax bill would be less than $5,000 annually. That barely covers the cost of the payroll taxes. Twenty-seven percent (27%) think the total would be between $5,000 and $10,000, while 17% estimate a tax burden between $10,000 and $15,000. (To see survey question wording, click here.)
Sign up for The Rasmussen Reader, now just $24.95 for a 12-month subscription . Offer good through October 1, 2012.
OR
After declaring on Wednesday in Fresno that "marijuana is dangerous and has no medicinal benefit," Gil Kerlikowske, director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy said the next target will be "the biggest gateway drug of all, mother's milk."
While ramping up efforts to ensure that no human suffering can be relieved by doctors prescribing marijuana, Kerlikowske said his office will soon begin two new initiatives: first, to outlaw breastfeeding and baby formula; and then a campaign to urge teenagers to avoid marijuana by increasing their use of alcohol and tobacco.
"It is the strong belief of the current White House Office that the Bush Administration's opposition to so-called science was well founded." Kerlikowske said. "We will soon publish evidence that gravity is a myth, water runs uphill, and hot air doesn't rise.
"We're also reexamining dubious and ridiculous claims that the earth allegedly revolves around the sun," said Kerlikowske, known affectionately as the Drug Czar. "And, contrary to popular opinion and centuries of scientific evidence, we know the earth is flat.
"Furthermore, the moisture some call 'rainfall' is actually God's tears."
A reporter pointed out to the Drug Dictator that marijuana has been found to have many medicinal uses by the Institute of Medicine, American Nurses Association, American Public Health Association, American Academy of HIV Medicine, Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, Lymphoma Foundation of America, and numerous other medical and scientific research organizations.
"Poppycock and balderdash," Kerlikowske sputtered.
"Who are you going to believe? Me, a lifetime cop, or a bunch of wimpy doctors and nurses and pantywaist scientists in frilly white lab coats?" asked Kerlikowske, who was the Seattle Police Chief before being named as Drug Despot by the president.
"All patriotic, red-blooded Americans should ignore the medical research of the federal government and the private sector."
Asked why the Drug Tyrant would recommend teenagers should use more alcohol and tobacco, Kerlikowske said he believes marijuana must be stamped out at any cost.
"Yes, it's true that each year hundreds of thousands of Americans die from using alcohol and tobacco and no one has ever died of an overdose of marijuana," Kerlikowske said. "But if you factor out drunk driving auto accidents, hardly any of those dying from alcohol and tobacco are teenagers. It's mostly middle-aged and older people. And hell, they were going to die eventually anyway.
"And yes, we will propose legislation to outlaw breastfeeding and baby formula. Mother's milk and formula are both gateway drugs. It's been proven that almost all heroin, cocaine, and crystal meth addicts started out on either mother's milk or formula as babies. Formula is the methadone of baby nutrition."
Asked about widespread efforts in many states to legalize or decriminalize marijuana and to tax it, Kerlikowske told a reporter from the Fresno Bee, "Legalization is not in the president's vocabulary, and it's not in mine."
An iPhone glyph discovered yesterday in the HomePod firmware, which is believed to be representative of the iPhone 8 design
For what it's worth… I've seen nothing to suggest an ultrasound under-the-display Touch ID here. Looks like not this year. Quash that one — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) August 1, 2017
Some interesting related strings (I'm guessing you've come across these) pic.twitter.com/Go5ZVFlzea — Jeffrey Grossman (@Jeffrey903) August 1, 2017
The virtual home button seems to just be called the 'home indicator' — looks like the OS has no qualms about hiding it in certain contexts — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) August 1, 2017
Firmware for the as-of-yet unreleased HomePod has provided a wealth of information on the speaker itself and the upcoming iPhone 8 , thanks to developers like Steven Troughton-Smith who have spent time digging into the code.Troughton-Smith shared a few new prospective iPhone 8 features and predictions this evening, once again sourced from the HomePod firmware, giving us even more insight into the radically redesigned iPhone Apple plans to release in 2017.First and foremost, Troughton-Smith has seen no indication that there are features related to under-display Touch ID functionality in the iPhone 8, and he does not believe that such a feature will be included in the device.Initial iPhone 8 rumors suggested Apple was working to put Touch ID under the display as the iPhone 8 features an edge-to-edge design with no Home button, but that may not have panned out due to rumored production difficulties. Current information suggests Apple may instead replace Touch ID with a new facial recognition system , and there are indeed several references to infrared face detection in the firmware.The iPhone 8 is expected to have an edge-to-edge design with thin bezels at the top and the sides, but there will be a blocked out area for the front-facing camera and the new sensors that will enable facial recognition. According to Troughton-Smith and developer Jeffrey Grossman, there are references to new "split" options for the visual provider system for UIStatusBar, suggesting status bar information like connection strength, battery, Bluetooth, and the time may be displayed on either side of the sensor/camera area, for a streamlined status bar at the top of the device.Troughton-Smith says the new status bar "seems a lot more complex and powerful in design," and could even be interactive in some way.Along with details on the split status bar and the lack of references to Touch ID, Troughton-Smith has also found information suggesting the iPhone 8 could potentially support a "tap to wake" feature. Tap to Wake is a feature built into some Windows-based Lumia smartphones, allowing the screen to be activated with a double tap, something Apple could use as an alternative to a Home button for waking up an iPhone.In regard to the Home button, it appears to be called the "Home Indicator" in the firmware, and according to Troughton-Smith, Apple has "no qualms about hiding it in certain contexts." Rumors have suggested that while there will be no physical Home button, there could be an on-screen function area that houses a virtual Home button and other controls. Based on what Troughton-Smith says, this virtual area may be able to be hidden for things like full-screen apps and videos.As a last little tidbit, Troughton-Smith says ARKit and Photos are getting new functionality that goes with the front-facing camera with depth sensing features, such as "ARFaceAnchor."There are details about the iPhone 8 within the HomePod firmware because HomePod will run a version of iOS. The firmware that Apple released corresponds to iOS 11.0.2, a future update that will be introduced sometime after iOS 11 launches in the fall alongside new iPhones.
Florida Governor Rick Scott on Thursday signed a “bong ban” bill that outlaws the sale of pipes and other marijuana-smoking paraphernalia.
We're used to Scott being out of step with his state: in this case, a recent poll shows 70 percent of Florida voters support medical marijuana legalization. And with his country: most Americans now back marijuana legalization. And maybe with his hemisphere: Latin American and Caribbean government representatives gathered this week primarily to urge the Obama Administration to consider making pot legal.
In fact, those hemispheric officials came to the three-day Organization of American States general assembly in Antigua, Guatemala, armed with a $2 million study.
That OAS report, “The Drug Problem in the Americas,” is “the beginning of a long-awaited discussion” about “more realistic [drug-war] policies,” OAS Secretary General José Miguel Insulza said, echoing a call first made by Latin American leaders at last year's Summit of the Americas in Cartagena, Colombia.
Topping the study's list of pragmatic suggestions: legalizing weed as one way to deprive Latin America's violent drug mafias of their multi-billion-dollar revenues. It's a recommendation this week's OAS assembly pointed most squarely at Washington: For the past four decades, the U.S. has led a hemispheric drug-war strategy that most Latin American governments now believe has not only failed but has plagued their region with ghastly narco-carnage -- some 60,000 gangland murders in Mexico alone since 2006 -- that shows little sign of abating.
Even before the Antigua gathering got under way on Tuesday, Guatemalan Foreign Relations Secretary Fernando Carrera said, “We have already reached a consensus and agreed that our final [general assembly] declaration will include changes to the current anti-drug model.”
For the past four decades, the U.S. has led a hemispheric drug-war strategy that most Latin American governments now believe has not only failed but has plagued their region with ghastly narco-carnage -- some 60,000 gangland murders in Mexico alone since 2006 -- that shows little sign of abating.
Along with El Salvador and Honduras, Guatemala is part of Central America's northern triangle, which the U.S. military's Miami-based Southern Command has called the world's most dangerous region outside of Iraq and Afghanistan because of its drug-related mayhem. Honduras, in fact, now has the world's highest murder rate and is home to the planet's most violent city, San Pedro Sula.
Though dysfunctional police and judicial systems in Latin America play a large role in the crisis, the region's leaders increasingly blame the U.S.'s voracious appetite for illegal drugs, as well as a flood of assault weapons smuggled from the U.S. into their countries.
As a result, they're insisting that Washington refocus its anti-drug efforts toward reducing demand and finding alternative approaches. That includes legalization of marijuana, which experts say is not more harmful or addictive than legal drugs like alcohol or tobacco when consumed moderately. The Mexican Competitiveness Institute estimates that pot trafficking accounts for a third or more of the up to $30 billion Mexico's drug cartels rake in each year.
The 400-page OAS study doesn't explicitly call for marijuana legalization, but it acknowledges that hemispheric trends “lean toward decriminalization or legalization of the production, sale and use of marijuana. Sooner or later,” it adds, “decisions in this area will need to be taken.” Even Washington's closest ally in Latin America, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, has hailed the OAS report and said the hemisphere has to “seek better solutions” than conventional interdiction.
Former presidents of Colombia, Brazil and Mexico, meanwhile, have already recommended marijuana legalization, and the U.S. states of Washington and Colorado voted to legalize weed in last November's election. Uruguay this year might become the first Latin American country to legalize it.
Assistant U.S. Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Roberta Jacobson insisted before the Antigua assembly began this week that the Obama Administration has already put more emphasis on reducing drug demand in the U.S.
“There is obviously a strong coincidence of views,” between the White House's agenda and the OAS report, Jacobson argued. Still, it's unlikely the White House is anywhere near willing to push for marijuana legalization on the federal level. But, unlike Florida's Governor, Obama is at least enough in tune with voters that he isn't outlawing bongs.
TOKYO -- Cash-heavy Japan aims to double digital payments to 40% in the next decade by helping metropolitan-area businesses afford cashless services to better attract foreign visitors and open their wallets.
The goal, set by the Financial Services Agency and the industry ministry, will be part of a plan to promote fintech, the intersection of finance and information technology, in a growth strategy to be compiled in June. The move is also a step toward better accommodating foreign tourists, with an eye toward the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Japan's current 19% rate of cashless payments is less than half the over-50% level seen in nations including South Korea and China, but the targeted 40% rate would put it roughly on par with the U.S.
Broken down by industry, around 90% of Japan's lodging facilities accept card payments, compared with roughly 70% of supermarkets and just half of taxis. The digital payment wave has not caught on with small businesses in tourist areas, such as shops and stalls along roads to shrines. This is likely due in part to cost burdens: credit card payment terminals initially cost about 100,000 yen ($900) to set up, and come with monthly leasing fees.
In response, the government will expand efforts to subsidize setup fees for cashless payment facilities, including terminals for credit cards and other smart cards such as those used in many public transit systems. Besides providing tens of billions of yen in private funds to help businesses pay for the terminals, the government aims to simplify transactions, such as by promoting digital receipts. By 2020, it hopes to have major facilities in big-city regions and tourist destinations fully accept cashless payments, later broadening access to cities outside metropolitan areas as well.
Japan will also make it easier for foreign travelers to only bring small amounts of cash. Starting in 2018, around 3,000 of the ATMs operated by Japan's three megabanks -- Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Mizuho Financial Group -- will let users exchange foreign currency, as well as withdraw cash, using foreign-issued credit cards.
Fintech businesses will also be able to develop payment services more easily. By 2020, around 80 Japanese banks -- roughly 60% of the country's total -- will allow developers into their systems to access users' account information through open APIs, or application programming interfaces. Developers can use this access to create specialized applications for mobile devices, through which users can easily make payments or send money to people.
(Nikkei)
Our rock and roll beer festival, The Bay Brewed, returns later this month for a fourth year of pairing outstanding local beer and local music! As we previously announced, this year's fest is happening at The Chapel on March 29, 2015, and it features performances by four great San Francisco Bay Area bands: Tumbleweed Wanderers, The Seshen, Guy Fox, and The John Brothers Piano Company.
But that's not all! The Bay Brewed also features unlimited tastings from nine San Francisco breweries all day long thanks to the SF Brewers Guild! Today, we're excited to announce the ten brewers who will be serving great beer all day:
Early bird tickets are long gone, but general admission and VIP tickets are still available! VIP tickets include a special VIP tasting hour, additional performance, and commemorative mug. Buy your tickets now before it's too late!
The Bay Bridged & SF Brewers Guild Present:
The Bay Brewed 2015: A Rock and Roll Beer Festival
Tumbleweed Wanderers
The Seshen
Guy Fox
The John Brothers Piano Company
Festival tickets include unlimited local beer tasting from ten great local breweries!
Sunday, March 29, 2014
The Chapel
777 Valencia Street, San Francisco, CA
1pm–6pm | 21+
Tickets are available now!
$50 advance | $60 door
$25 designated driver ticket (includes no beer tastings)
$75 VIP ticket (includes 12-1pm VIP tasting hour, exclusive music performance, and commemorative mug)
Delicious bites will be available from The Vestry, The Chapel's restaurant, during the event
Unravel EP by The Seshen
The Good Life by Guy Fox
The John Brothers Piano Company Quintet by The John Brothers Piano Company
Related Posts No related posts.
Tags: The Bay Brewed
The DEA is a police and propaganda agency
New Report Blasts DEA For Spending 4 Decades Obstructing Marijuana Science
The Drug Enforcement Administration has been impeding and ignoring the science on marijuana and other drugs for more than four decades, according to a report released this week by the Drug Policy Alliance, a drug policy reform group, and the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies, a marijuana research organization. “The DEA is a police and propaganda agency,” Ethan Nadelmann, executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance, said Wednesday. “It makes no sense for it to be in charge of federal decisions involving scientific research and medical practice.”
Here is the report: The DEA: Four Decades of Impeding And Rejecting Science
Of course, none of this is new to us, but it's always good to keep reminding the rest of the country that the DEA is not working in the interests of the truth or the country.
Opposition party supporters chant slogans on the last day of campaigning for the presidential election at Quartier Phare dAmbouli, in Balbala, Djibouti on Wednesday. (Houssein I. Hersi/AFP/Getty Images)
There is a presidential election in Djibouti on Friday and there is no doubt the current president, Ismail Omar Guelleh, will win reelection. Guelleh has been Djibouti's president since 1999, and he won the last presidential election in 2011 with 80 percent of the vote. He's facing a fractured opposition coalition of parties, three of which have decided to boycott the polls.
While the outcome of today's election is a foregone conclusion, that hasn't stopped the government and its supporters from targeting the opposition and media. For example, members of the opposition coalition Union for National Salvation, claimed government forces killed 19 of its members attending a cultural event in December.
Just this week, BBC journalists reporting on the election were detained and expelled from the country, and they were accused of supporting the opposition. Prior to the campaign period, the independent nonprofit media freedom watchdog Committee to Protect Journalists reported in January that Djibouti police detained two local journalists and held them without contact with the outside world for a week.
For more background on today's election, here are three things you can read to get up to speed:
Aden Omar Abdillahi of the Africa Research Institute in London wrote an expert briefing in advance of today's election in Djibouti. In it, he gives a short overview of Djibouti's political history since achieving independence from France in 1977. (The Africa Research Institute has been compiling a number of expert briefings on upcoming elections.)
For a richly sourced and thoughtful academic piece on what it means to be a citizen of Djibouti, I direct you to an award-winning article by Samson Bezabeh that was published in 2011. Bezabeh's article shows that political parties formed prior to independence encouraged people to organize along ethnic lines, and these divisions continue to structure whether one is a full citizen in Djibouti.
The rhinoceros (commonly called rhino for short; plural can be either rhinoceros or rhinoceroses) is any of five surviving species of odd-toed ungulates in the family Rhinocerotidae. All five species are native to Africa or Asia. Rhinoceros is also one of the genera in this family.
She's Got the Look: The rhino family is characterized by: large size with all of the species capable of reaching one ton or more in weight; a horn on the center of the forehead (sometimes with a second one behind it); herbivorous diet; and a thick protective skin, 1.5-5 cm thick, formed from layers of collagen positioned in a lattice structure.
Just the Facts: Rhinoceros also have acute hearing and sense of smell, but poor eyesight over any distance. Most rhinoceros live to be about 50 years old or more. A male rhinoceros is called a bull, a female a cow, and the young a calf; a group of rhinoceros is called a "crash". Danger to man: Rhinoceros, despite being herbivorous, are dangerous animals. In India and Nepal, the Indian rhinos cause the greatest number of human deaths each year, surpassing those caused by tigers and leopards. They have been known to charge even working elephants carrying tourists through the jungles. The five living species fall into three tribes. Tribe one - Sumatran Rhinoceros: The critically endangered Sumatran Rhinoceros is the only surviving representative of the most primitive group, the Dicerorhinini, which emerged in the Miocene (abut 20 million years ago). The extinct Woolly Rhinoceros of northern Europe and Asia was also a member of this tribe.
Tribe two - Rhinocerotini: There are two living Rhinocerotini species, the endangered Indian Rhinoceros and the critically endangered Javan Rhinoceros, which diverged from one another about
10 million years ago. Tribe three - African species: The two African species, the White Rhinoceros and the Black Rhinoceros, diverged during the early Pliocene
(about 5 million years ago) but the Dicerotini group to which they belong originated in the middle Miocene, about 14 million years ago. The main difference between black and white rhinos is the shape of their lips. White rhinos have broad flat lips for grazing and black rhinos have long pointed lips for eating foliage. The name White Rhinoceros was actually a mistake for wijd (wide) because of their square lips.
Horn Head: The most obvious distinguishing characteristic of the rhino is a large horn above the nose. The word rhinoceros comes from the Greek words rhino (nose) and keros (horn). Rhinoceros horns, unlike those of other horned mammals, consist of keratin only and lacks a bony core,such as bovine horns. Rhinos in Danger: Rhinoceros horns are used in traditional Asian medicine, and for dagger handles in Yemen and Oman. None of the five rhinoceros species have secure futures; the White Rhinoceros is perhaps the least endangered, the Javan Rhinoceros survives in only tiny numbers (estimated at 60 animals in 2002) and is one of the two or three most endangered large mammals anywhere in the world. Protection: Rhino protection campaigns began in the 1970s, but rhino populations have continued to decline dramatically. Trade in rhinoceros parts is forbidden under the CITES agreements, but poaching is a severe threat to all rhinoceros species.
Black Rhino: The adults are solitary in nature, coming together only for mating. Mating does not have a seasonal pattern but births tend to be towards the end of the rainy season in drier environments. The gestation period is 15–16 months; the single calf weighs about 35–50 kg at birth, and can follow its mother around after just three days. The mother and calf stay together for 2–3 years until the next calf is born; female calves may stay longer, forming small groups.
The young are occasionally taken by hyenas and lions. Sexual maturity is reached from 5 years old for females, from 7 years for males, and the life expectancy in natural conditions (without poaching pressure) is from 35–50 years. Indian Rhino: Males can breed at nine years of age and females reach sexual maturity at five years and have their first calves when between six and eight years. The female whistles when in season so that males know when she is ready to mate. The gestation period is about 16 months. A single calf is born at intervals of about three years. Mother rhinos are attentive and protective, the young staying with the mother for several years. Females and their young travel together, but males usually travel alone and are territorial. Indian rhinos live up to an age of 45 years. All text is available under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License
Valiant is proud to present an advance preview of Eternal Warrior #1 – the FIRST ISSUE of an all-new ongoing series from New York Times best-selling writer Greg Pak (Batman/Superman, Planet Hulk) and superstar artist Trevor Hairsine (Ultimate Nightmare, X-O Manowar)!
Across ten millennia and a thousand battlefields, Gilad Anni-Padda has traversed the darkest, most mysterious corners of history. But the horror and bloodshed of constant warfare has finally taken its toll on the man myth calls the Eternal Warrior…and he has abdicated his duties as the Fist and the Steel of Earth for a quiet life of seclusion. But when a blood vendetta from the distant past suddenly reappears in the modern day, he must decide if he will return to the ways of war…for a child that betrayed him thousands of years ago…
Soldier. Guardian. Warrior. Legend. The Summer of Valiant‘s next smash hit series launches here on September 11th with an all-new entry point for the most acclaimed universe in comics. Start reading here when Greg Pak and Trevor Hairsine open an all-new chapter for the undying defender on the front line of it all in Eternal Warrior #1 – in stores September 11th!
For more information on Eternal Warrior and the rest of the Valiant Universe, visit Valiant on Facebook, on Twitter and at ValiantUniverse.com.
ETERNAL WARRIOR #1
Written by GREG PAK
Art by TREVOR HAIRSINE
Cover by CLAYTON CRAIN (JUL131306)
Pullbox Exclusive Variant by TREVOR HAIRSINE (JUL131307)
Variant Cover by DAVE BULLOCK (JUL131308)
Variant Cover by PATRICK ZIRCHER (JUL131309)
$3.99/T+/32 pgs.
ON SALE 9/11/13 (FOC – 8/19/13)
As I get closer to launching my next book, Cabals of Blood, I realize that I haven't put much focus into the launch week of the book. My initial plan was to contact bloggers in the month before launch but I almost overlooked ARC (Advanced Review Copy)'s as an option.
What are ARC's (Advanced Review Copies)? They are copies of the book, usually given out for free, that an author gives away in exchange for reviews after launch. On Amazon the writer will send the book to each reader so that they have the book on their kindle and can leave a review. This benefits the writer in a number of ways:
Advanced Review Copy Readers sometimes find flaws that editors miss. Reviews come in at or near launch giving you a base of reviews to drive initial sales. Generally ARC readers are enthusiastic about the writer or the subject matter. If there are any major story problems a ARC reader will likely bring it up. ARC readers can become loyal fans of your work and become part of an authors platform. They also can help spread your book by word of mouth, “I got an advanced copy of “Such and Such's” work. Advance Review Copies can keep an author from launching bad book. if 9/10 copy receivers tell you there's a fundamental flaw that makes the book bad you can fix it before launching and giving yourself a bad name.
The reader benefits a little less. They get:
A free copy. Often times they get to receive more free copies. If they are a blogger, new or old, they generally will get free promotions from the author sharing their posts on social media or reblogging the reviews.
But how do you find people who want to read your advanced review copy (ARC)? Well what I have seen everyone else doing is asking the 3 F's. Friends, Family, Followers. Now when I say ask your friends and family, I mean, if they are interested in your writing, have read your books before, and they are avid readers, ask them. I think when asking friends and family you should always give them as many chances to say no as possible. Generally I would do this by phrasing it something to the effect of, “I'm looking for advanced review copy readers of my book right now. So if you know anyone who likes (subject matter) and would like a free book….” Then you are not directly asking them for a review. You are asking them for help. Asking followers is as simple as getting on social media and saying that you are giving away a free book to people who want to read it before it's released. Hopefully you get some interested parties.
Making a blog page for people to sign up to be advanced review copy (ARC) readers works well too (from what I've heard. I'm trying it out now myself.). This gives any visitor to your site (reinforcing the need for platform building) the opportunity to help you market your book until you have enough advanced review copy readers.
If you are interested in Lovecraftian style horror / cosmic horror I have a collection coming out soon called Cabals of Blood that I am currently seeking ARC readers for. You can sign up to become an ARC reader and receive a free copy of the book on release as well as some shout outs on my media for your social media or blogs to thank you for being an ARC reader. If not. I hope this article helped you launch and sell more books.
Have a great day.
Click here to be an ARC reader.
If you are interested in reading some of my works you can find some here.
Anchorage Mayor Dan Sullivan took a major step Monday toward sending the city's controversial labor law to the ballot box, vetoing the recent Assembly repeal of the law as well as a more labor-friendly substitute measure approved in its place.
Sullivan announced his decision to reporters early Monday afternoon. In one of his two veto messages, Sullivan wrote that "special interest objections to a few provisions do not constitute a sound reason to repeal the act."
Sullivan has made the law, known as Anchorage Ordinance 37, AO37 or the "Responsible Labor Act," a signature piece of his administration. Speaking to reporters at Monday's press conference, he also roundly rejected the terms of the substitute version of the law passed by the Assembly last week, which incorporated amendments requested by union representatives.
"It's not a compromise and does not represent anything resembling what we accomplished with AO37," Sullivan said.
Unless the Assembly takes action to override the veto at a special meeting Tuesday night, the original law will appear on the state ballot in November as a referendum. Last week, on both the repeal of the law and the substitute measure, the Assembly voted 7-4 -- one vote short of the eight votes required to override a veto.
In separate interviews Monday, none of the four Assembly members who opposed the repeal -- Bill Evans, Amy Demboski, Ernie Hall and Jennifer Johnston -- indicated they planned to change their positions.
"I'm weighing it all once again ... I'm not seeing a lot that's changing my mind," Hall said.
Evans, Johnston and Demboski all said they were standing by their positions and expect the issue to go to a public vote in November.
"I believe people have the right to vote on this issue," Demboski said.
The original labor law was introduced in February 2013 and includes provisions that eliminate the right to strike and prevent unions from seeking binding arbitration, as well as outsourcing some union jobs. In the year and a half since, the law has been through two court cases, and labor leaders gathered more than 20,000 signatures while campaigning for a referendum.
In May, Assembly member Jennifer Johnston sought to avoid a referendum vote by sponsoring a compromise measure that unions dubbed "AO-37 lite." Johnston, union representatives and members of the municipal attorney's office spent the next three months hammering out the details.
But Johnston did not support the measure that ultimately won Assembly approval.
"What passed Tuesday isn't much different than what's on the books," she said Monday, adding that she was in support of the mayor's veto.
Sullivan's veto message for the substitute measure also said it was a "far cry" from the original AO37 and "substantially less" than Johnston's original proposal.
Union representatives, meanwhile, argued that labor had agreed to the majority of the changes proposed by Johnston.
"We were only asking for three things to be left the same," said Gerard Asselin,the president of the Anchorage Coalition of Unions and a sergeant with the Anchorage Police Department. Those sticking points centered on provisions the unions said would give the city authority over staffing and scheduling decisions and remove some employees from collective bargaining units.
Asselin said Monday the coalition was hopeful the Assembly would reconsider its votes and override the veto. But if the law goes to a referendum, the unions are "OK with that decision," he said.
"It doesn't hurt us," he said. "(But) we're disappointed that the Assembly didn't seize upon an opportunity to move forward."
If voters end up repealing the law, city code prevents the Assembly from re-enacting the measure for two years.
Chasing a ghost: What we know about Omar Mateen Embed  Copy Share       Play Video 5:30 People who knew Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen describe him as a man who had many demons and potentially led a double life. (Erin Patrick O'Connor,Jayne Orenstein,Thomas LeGro/The Washington Post)
Donald Trump believes American Muslims are hiding something. “They know what's going on. They know that [Omar Mateen] was bad,” he Donald Trump believes American Muslims are hiding something. “They know what's going on. They know that [Omar Mateen] was bad,” he said after the Orlando massacre. “They have to cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who they know are bad. … But you know what? They didn't turn them in. And you know what? We had death and destruction.”
This is your community?) Second, Trump is wrong that we don't speak up when we're able. This is a common idea in the United States. It's also a lie. First, Muslims like me can't see into the hearts of other worshipers. (Do you know the hidden depths of everyone inyourcommunity?) Second, Trump is wrong that we don't speak up when we're able.
I know this firsthand: I was the one who told the FBI about Omar Mateen.
I met Omar for the first time in 2006 at an I met Omar for the first time in 2006 at an iftar meal at my brother-in-law's house. As the women, including his mother and sisters, chatted in the living room, I sat with the men on the patio and got to know him and his father. Omar broke his Ramadan fast with a protein shake. He was quiet — then and always — and let his dad do the talking.
I'd seen them before at the oldest mosque in the area, the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce. We have a lot of immigrants in our community. They grew up in other countries, often with different sensibilities. A few don't understand American culture, and they struggle to connect with their American-born or American-raised kids.
I came here from Pakistan in 1979 when I was 6 years old, grew up in Queens (like Omar) and Fort Lauderdale, went through the American education system, and assimilated well. So I was able to make better inroads with young people in our community, including that introverted teenager I met at the iftar. I tried to stay in touch with the younger generation, acting as a mentor when I could.
I saw Omar from time to time over the next decade, and we developed a relationship because most of the other Muslim kids in his age group went elsewhere for college, and he stayed behind. We mostly spoke over the phone or texted with one another a half-dozen times per year. We talked about the lack of social programs at the mosque, especially for teens and young adults like him. I often played pranks on him. Once, around 2009, I attached LED lights to the tires of his car, so when he drove the wheels glowed neon. He laughed when he figured it out a few days later.
Soon after Omar married and moved to his own home, he began to come to the mosque more often. Then he went on a religious trip to Saudi Arabia. There was nothing to indicate that he had a dark side, even when he and his first wife divorced.
But as news reports this week have made clear , Omar did have a dark outlook on life. Partly, he was upset at what he saw as racism in the United States – against Muslims and others. When he worked as a security guard at the St. Lucie County Courthouse, he told me visitors often made nasty or bigoted remarks to him about Islam. He overheard people saying ugly things about African Americans, too. Since Sept. 11, I've thought the only way to answer Islamophobia was to be polite and kind; the best way to counter all the negativity people were seeing on TV about Islam was by showing them the opposite. I urged Omar to volunteer and help people in need – Muslim or otherwise (charity is a pillar of Islam). He agreed, but was always very worked up about this injustice.
Then, during the summer of 2014, something traumatic happened for our community. A boy from our local mosque, Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha, was 22 when he became the first American-born suicide bomber, driving a truck full of explosives into a government office in Syria. He'd traveled there and joined a group affiliated with al-Qaeda, Then, during the summer of 2014, something traumatic happened for our community. A boy from our local mosque, Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha, was 22 when he became the first American-born suicide bomber, driving a truck full of explosives into a government office in Syria. He'd traveled there and joined a group affiliated with al-Qaeda, the previous year . We had all known Moner; he was jovial and easygoing, the opposite of Omar. According to a posthumous video released that summer, he had clearly self-radicalized – and had also done so by listening to the lectures of Anwar al-Awlaki, the charismatic Yemen-based imam who helped radicalize several Muslims, including the Fort Hood shooter. Everyone in the area was shocked and upset. We hate violence and were horrified that one of our number could have killed so many. (After an earlier training mission to Syria, he'd tried to recruit a few Florida friends to the cause. They told the FBI about him.)
Immediately after Moner's attack, news reports said that American officials didn't know anything about him; I read that they were looking for people to give them some background. So I called the FBI and offered to tell investigators a bit about the young man. It wasn't much – we hadn't been close – but I'm an American Muslim, and I wanted to do my part. I didn't want another act like that to happen. I didn't want more innocent people to die. Agents asked me if there were any other local kids who might resort to violence in the name of Islam. No names sprang to mind.
After my talk with the FBI, I spoke to people in the Islamic community, including Omar, abut Moner's attack. I wondered how he could have radicalized. Both Omar and I attended the same mosque as Moner, and the imam never taught hate or radicalism. That's when Omar told me he had been watching videos of Awlaki, too, which immediately raised red flags for me. He told me the videos were very powerful.
After speaking with Omar, I contacted the FBI again to let them know that Omar had been watching Awlaki's tapes. He hadn't committed any acts of violence and wasn't planning any, as far as I knew. And I thought he probably wouldn't, because he didn't fit the profile: He already had a second wife and a son. But it was something agents should keep their eyes on. I never heard from them about Omar again, but apparently they After speaking with Omar, I contacted the FBI again to let them know that Omar had been watching Awlaki's tapes. He hadn't committed any acts of violence and wasn't planning any, as far as I knew. And I thought he probably wouldn't, because he didn't fit the profile: He already had a second wife and a son. But it was something agents should keep their eyes on. I never heard from them about Omar again, but apparently they did their job : They looked into him and, finding nothing to go on, they closed the file.
Omar and I continued to have infrequent conversations over the next few years. I last saw him at a dinner at his father's house in January. We talked about the presidential election and debated our views of the candidates that were running – he liked Hillary Clinton and I liked Bernie Sanders. This banter continued through texts and phone calls for several months. My last conversation with Omar was by phone in mid-May. He called me while he was at the beach with his son to tell me about a vacation he'd taken with his father to Orlando the previous weekend. He'd been impressed by the local mosque.
What happened next is well-known. We're still in shock. We're totally against what he did, and we feel the deepest sadness for the victims and their families. If you don't agree with someone, you don't have the right to kill them. We are taught to be kind to all of God's creation. Islam is very strict about killing: Even in war – to say nothing of peace – you cannot harm women, children, the elderly, the sick, clergymen, or even plants. You can't mutilate dead bodies. You can't destroy buildings, especially churches or temples. You can't force anyone to accept Islam. “If anyone slew one person, it would be as if he killed the whole of humanity,” says the Koran.
I had told the FBI about Omar because my community, and Muslims generally, have nothing to hide. I love this country, like most Muslims that I know. I don't agree with every government policy (I think there's too much money in politics, for instance), but I'm proud to be an American. I vote. I volunteer. I teach my children to treat all people kindly. Our families came here because it is full of opportunity – a place where getting a job is about what you know, not who you know. It's a better country to raise children than someplace where the electricity is out for 18 hours a day, where politicians are totally corrupt, or where the leader is a dictator.
But there's so much suspicion of Islam here. The local paper published an unsigned editorial called “ But there's so much suspicion of Islam here. The local paper published an unsigned editorial called “ Leave our peaceful Muslim neighbors alone ,” and the comments were full of hateful lies – that the Boston bombers had visited the area, that the Sept. 11 bombers came from here, that we were a hotbed of violent ideology. None of this is true. Donald Trump didn't create these attitudes, but he plays on them and amplifies them.
I am not the first American Muslim to report on someone; people who do that simply don't like to announce themselves in to the media. For my part, I'm not looking for personal accolades. I'm just tired of negative rhetoric and ignorant comments about my faith. Trump's assertions about our community – that we have the ability to help our country but have simply declined to do so – are tragic, ugly and wrong.
[Editor's note: A federal law enforcement official confirmed the author's cooperation to The Washington Post.]
Disclaimer: This post may contain affiliate links. For more info, please see my privacy policy. Affiliate links may give me a commission on the product but it is of no extra cost to you.
This Oven Roasted Red Peppers, Spinach, and Cheese Stuffed Steak with Glazed Carrots is so quick and easy to make and it only takes one pan! It is the perfect meal prep or last minute dinner that is fast and barely uses any dishes!
After Soulcycle a couple Tuesdays ago with CLIFBar (check out my post here on my experience with the workout with a cult-like following), I dashed home, hoping to get a nap in before heading to work in the evening.
However, I realized on the way home, I had a full week of work pretty much from 8AM-9PM.The only options for fast take out near my work place was McDonald's so I needed to make food ASAP.
This Oven Roasted Red Peppers, Spinach, and Cheese Stuffed Steak with Glazed Carrots literally took me less than an hour to shop for and make before dashing off to work. It's definitely a household favourite as despite looking like a dish that takes a day of labouring to make, it really only took me 30ish minutes.
I think the hardest part was tying up the rolled up meat. I learned the butcher's method in a culinary class but I kind of just did what I wanted to make sure the meat was tied up.
After cooking, I sliced them up and portioned it into some bento boxes to bring to work for the week. Tip: Keep in mind if you're going to reheat it, make sure your meat is slightly underdone so when you reheat it, it's not overcooked.
Easy right? And all in one pan! This Oven Roasted Red Peppers, Spinach, and Cheese Stuffed Steak with Glazed Carrots is definitely going to be my next go-to dish for a dinner get together!
One Pan: Oven Roasted Red Peppers, Spinach, and Cheese Stuffed Steak with Glazed Carrots This Oven Roasted Red Peppers, Spinach, and Cheese Stuffed Steak with Glazed Carrots is so quick and easy to make and it only takes one pan! It is the perfect meal prep or last minute dinner that is fast and barely uses any dishes! 5 from 1 vote Print Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 20 minutes Total Time: 35 minutes Servings: 5 Author: Carmy Ingredients 1 large flat steak
salt & pepper
5-6 carrots
2 tbsp garlic butter (or regular butter) melted or room temperature
1 tbsp brown sugar (or regular sugar with molasses)
3 cups spinach
2 tbsp olive oil
1 cup asiago cheese shredded
1-2 red bell pepper julienned
salt and pepper
cooking string Instructions Heat your oven up to 400F.
Cut your carrots length wise (or more) and then in a large bowl, coat your carrots (peeled) with your butter and brown sugar. Pop it into your oven around 7-10 minutes before your put your steak in.
In the same bowl once the carrots are in the oven, coat the spinach and red pepper with olive oil.
On a clean surface or cutting board, lay out your steak and flatten it a bit. Season with salt and pepper before placing spinach and red peppers on top of the steak. Sprinkle your cheese on top before rolling up the steak into a log shape.
Using some cooking string, tie up the roll of steak using the butcher's knot method or whichever method you find easiest.
Place into the oven and let it roast for 15-20 minutes (or until everything is cooked throughly). If you have extra spinach and red peppers, place it in the oven beside the meat and carrots and look them too!
Once done, transfer the meat onto a cutting board and let it rest for 10 minutes before cutting the string before serving. Tried this recipe? Did you make this recipe? I'm always so happy to know when you make it! I'd love to see how it turned out! Tag @CarmysHungry or tag #HealthyIsAttainable on Instagram so I can see it! You can also email me at carmy(@)carmyy.com if you don't have Instagram ♥
Let's Chat! What's your go-to meal for a busy week?
pin me for later
Other places to connect with me
Instagram: @runcarmyrun @curiouslychasing @carmyshungry
Twitter: https://twitter.com/runcarmyrun
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/carmyycom
Email: [email protected]
Vlogs/Recipe Videos: Youtube
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
My yarn santa messaged me before I got my yarn, letting me know what she picked, and why, because the shipment was coming straight from knitpicks and they don't have gift messages. Some people may have issues with spoilers...but I am not one of those people. I was thrilled to know what was on its way.
Then, today, it arrived. I squealed out loud when I opened the box. Three skeins of Chroma in worsted and two hanks of Stroll Tonal. The colors are so perfect. I don't think I mentioned anywhere that blue is my favorite color, but somehow my santa got it right anyway! And the green...oh wow the green. It's absolutely gorgeous in combo with the blues in that Impressionist Chroma. I'm going to have so much fun finding the perfect project for the Chroma. I'm making something for me and only me, I just don't know what yet!
As for the Tonal in the to-die-for amazing color they call Pacific; the April/May /r/knitting along is socks, and there is this gorgeous pattern called Melisandre and, holy cow this is going to be gorgeous in that pattern. I just have to finish this practice pair of socks, then learn how to knit a toe-up sock, then learn how to read a chart. So much fun in the future and such amazing yarn to work with.
Thank you so much Jennyjoyo! You picked such great yarn and I can't express how much I'm going to enjoy working with it.
The mergers boom, the financial oligarchy and imperialism
30 October 2015
According to press reports Thursday, the drugmakers Allergan and Pfizer are in the advanced stages of talks to merge and form the world's largest pharmaceutical company, a $330 billion giant that will be based in Ireland and pay next to no income tax.
The merger, which would be the largest so far this year, is only the latest in a wave of corporate mergers and acquisitions that is expected to make 2015 a record year for takeovers, eclipsing the $3.4 trillion in deals made in 2007, the year before the Wall Street crash.
The Allergan-Pfizer announcement came the day after the Walgreens pharmacy chain announced plans to buy competitor Rite Aid in a deal valued at $17.2 billion. The resulting company would control 41 percent of the US pharmacy market, with competitor CVS controlling another 58 percent. All other companies combined would account for a mere 0.6 percent.
This is only the latest in a record year for health care mergers, including the $54.2 billion purchase of health insurer Cigna by its rival Anthem, and the $37 billion takeover of Humana by Aetna. As a result of these mergers, the five largest health insurers in the US were consolidated into three in a matter of weeks.
A central motive in the Walgreens/Rite Aid and Allergan/Pfizer mergers was increasing pricing power by further monopolizing the market. The transformation of the US pharmacy market into a duopoly will have a dramatic upward impact on drug prices paid by consumers.
The growing monopolization of the health care field has contributed to soaring costs in the United States. In 2013, the last year for which data is available, the price of top brand name prescription drugs increased by 12.9 percent, eight times faster than the rate of inflation.
These mergers, far from expressing economic health and “dynamism,” reflect the economic rot at the heart of global capitalism. Record merger activity in 2015 goes hand in hand with the lowest level of global economic growth since 2008-2009.
In the most immediate sense, these mergers are the response of corporations, driven on by the demands of Wall Street for ever-bigger payouts, to conditions of reduced demand amid a global slump and the collapse of workers' incomes.
The wave of mergers, along with record stock buybacks and other completely parasitic activities, are facilitated by the policies of the world's central banks, led by the Federal Reserve, which have kept interest rates near zero and injected trillions of dollars into the financial markets through bond purchases, dubbed “quantitative easing.”
Far from using the funds pumped into the financial system for productive investment, major corporations are sitting on a record cash hoard of $1.4 trillion, which they are using to buy back shares (further inflating stock prices and the portfolios of the rich and the super-rich), boost executive pay, and carry out mergers and acquisitions.
The mergers, while generating bumper profits for investors and huge payouts to corporate executives, generally lead to layoffs, wage cuts, speedups and the shutdown of plants and retail outlets. Such financial parasitism is the process by which finance capital boosts profits by cannibalizing the productive forces of society.
While these processes have accelerated in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crash, they have been ongoing for decades, resulting in a social disaster for ever-broader sections of the working class. Millions of American workers have been reduced to a state of semi-penury, with 40 percent making less than $20,000 per year.
Abject social misery is coupled with fantastic levels of wealth. To cite just one example, the hedge fund mogul Kenneth Griffin of Chicago-based Citadel LLC, who made $1.3 billion last year, has gone on a real estate spending spree, lavishing some $300 million on properties in three cities, including three full floors at the condo tower under construction at 220 Central Park South, which he purchased for $200 million, a record for New York City real estate.
Economic and political life in the United States and indeed the whole world is dominated by the parasitic and money-mad financial oligarchy that Griffin embodies. The policies of global central banks and major capitalist governments have had as their sole aim to protect and increase the wealth of this financial elite and to subsidize their plunder of man's resources all over the world for their own personal fortunes.
These are characteristics that the Russian revolutionary and theoretician Vladimir Lenin identified at a much earlier stage of their development. In his 1917 masterwork, Imperialism, the Highest Stage of Capitalism, Lenin explained that the tendency toward financial parasitism, monopoly, dictatorship and war are not simply the result of subjective policies chosen by political leaders, but an expression of the fundamental tendencies of capitalism in its period of decay and morbidity.
Lenin wrote, “Political reaction all along the line is a characteristic feature of imperialism,” defined by “corruption, bribery on a huge scale and all kinds of fraud.” The domination of the banks over all aspects of social life finds political expression in the erosion of democratic rights at home. “Finance capital strives for domination, not freedom.”
There is a connection between the criminal character of this financial aristocracy and the criminal character of foreign policy. The war at home against US workers mirrors the predatory wars launched by the US against the people of the Middle East and Africa. Used to speculative gambling to make its billions, the financial elite turns to geopolitical “risk-taking” and homicidal recklessness in its international policy.
But the corollary of Lenin's theory, proven in the subsequent history of the 20th and 21st centuries, is that imperialism is the epoch of not only reaction and war, but also of revolution. Now, as the fundamental characteristics of capitalism express themselves in the most naked form, the consequent sharpening of class antagonisms will lead inevitably to revolutionary upheavals.
Andre Damon
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Defeated Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is considering her role in the campaign for the 2018 midterm elections, multiple sources told The Hill.
Clinton, who has been a prominent figure in the Democratic Party for many years, having served as first lady of the United States, a senator from New York, and Secretary of State under the Obama administration, has already launched a PAC aimed at supporting Democratic candidates in next year's elections.
However, a close and long-term confidante told the publication that Clinton has her eye on districts in which she defeated Donald Trump, as she plots her revenge for her electoral college landslide defeat in the presidential elections.
“She's very well aware of how she performed in those districts,” the source said. “She knows she won Darrell Issa's district by 8,” a reference to the Californian Republican's seat seen as a Democratic target. “She knows she came close in about a handful of others. She has studied this stuff thoroughly.”
Recent reports suggest that Democrats plan to recruit a handful of veterans to run in the midterms, as the party seeks to regain power by appealing to middle America's patriotic voters.
However, Republican leaders claim to be excited by the prospect of Clinton taking a prominent role in campaigning, given her toxic reputation across America. During the election campaign, Clinton also described half of the Americans supporting Donald Trump as a “basket of deplorables” made up of “racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic” people. She went on to lose the Electoral College vote by 232 to Donald Trump's 306.
“For 30 years, Hillary Clinton has essentially been Old Faithful for Republican candidates,” Republican strategist Doug Heye said. “Her continued prominence only helps GOP candidates with an electorate that historically is more favorable than what they faced in the last presidential election.”
“The more Clinton weighs in and tries to tell voters ‘I'm back,' the more Republicans will tell her to keep on trucking,” he continued.
Since last November's election, Clinton has provided a myriad of excuses for her defeat, including that of “misogyny” amongst the electorate. She has also given a series of bitterly divisive speeches, accusing Trump of “unimaginable cruelty” as his policy platform takes shape.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com
Rob McClure will star in the title role in Chaplin, the previously announced new Broadway musical about the life of silent film icon Charlie Chaplin. Directed and choreographed by Warren Carlyle and featuring music and lyrics by Christopher Curtis and a book by Curtis and Tony winner Thomas Meehan, the musical begins performances on August 21 at the Barrymore Theatre. Opening night is set for September 10. Additional casting and creative team will be announced shortly.
From the slums of London to the heights of Hollywood, Chaplin is the showbiz Broadway musical about the silent film legend the world couldn't stop talking about: Charlie Chaplin. The brand new 22-person musical reveals the man behind the legend, the undeniable genius that forever changed the way America went to the movies.
McClure, who originated the role of Chaplin in a previous production of the musical at La Jolla Playhouse, also appeared on Broadway in I'm Not Rappaport and Avenue Q. His regional credits include A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, Grease, Parade, The Skin of Our Teeth, Oliver!, Carousel and The Bomb-itty of Errors.
A media service of European Americans United Main Menu
Home
Forum
About Us
Search
Action Alerts
FLYERS
Free Podcasts
Stories by Author
New Online Store
Archives
Categories
Links
Blogs
Frank Roman
John Young
Garden Blog
User Menu
Register
Login
Logout
Submit News
Email This Page
Syndication Feeds
Handheld/PDA
XML News Feeds
View Sidebar
Mozilla Sidebar
22
Why Did John McCain Sell Out America? History; Posted on: 2008-01-25 13:30:08 [ Printer friendly / Instant flyer ]
"O.K, I'll give you military information"
By David H. Hackworth
John McCain is being hailed by the press as a "genuine war hero." But is he a war hero in the conventional sense like Audie Murphy and John Glenn?
Or is his "war hero" status the creation of a very slick publicity campaign that plays on flag, duty, honor and country?
For sure, McCain has the fruitsalad a Silver Star, a Distinguished Flying Cross, three Bronze Stars, two Commendation medals plus two Purple Hearts and a dozen service gongs.
On a pure medal count basis, he outweighs Murphy and Glenn, who both for years repeatedly performed extraordinary deeds on the ground or in the air against an armed enemy.
McCain's valor awards are based on what happened in 1967, when during his 23d mission over Vietnam, he was shot down, seriously injured, captured and then spent 5 1/2 brutal years as a POW.
In an attempt to find out exactly what the man did to earn these many hero awards, I asked his Senate office three times to provide copies of the narratives for each medal. I'm still waiting.
I next went to the Pentagon. Within a week, I received a recap of his medals and many of the narratives that give the details of what he did.
None of the awards, less the DFC, were for heroism over the battlefield where he spent no more than 20 hours. Two Naval officers described the awards as "boilerplate" and "part of an SOP medal package given to repatriated (Vietnam era) POWs."
McCain's Silver Star narrative for the period 27 October 1967 the day after he was shot down to 8 December 1968 reads: "His captors� subjected him to extreme mental and physical cruelties in an attempt to obtain military information and false confessions for propaganda purposes. Through his resistance to those brutalities, he contributed significantly towards the eventual abandonment�" of such harsh treatment by the North Vietnamese.
Yet in McCain's own words just four days after being captured, he admits he violated the U.S. Code of Conduct by telling his captors "O.K, I'll give you military information if you will take me to the hospital."
A Vietnam vet detractor says, "He received the nation's third highest award, the Silver Star, for treason. He provided aid and comfort to the enemy!"
The rest of his valor awards issued automatically every year while he was a POW read much like the Silver Star. More boilerplate often repeating the exact same words. An example: "By his heroic endeavors, exceptional skill, and devotion to duty, he reflected great credit upon himself and upheld the highest traditions of the Naval Service and the United States Armed Forces."
Yet McCain's conduct while a POW negates these glowing comments. The facts are that he signed a confession and declared himself a "black criminal who performed deeds of an air pirate." This statement and other interviews he gave to the Communist press press were used as propaganda to fan the flames of the antiwar movement.
Accounts by McCain and other writers tell of the horror he endured: relentlessly beatings, torture, broken limbs. All inflicted during savage interrogations. Yet no other POW was a witness to these accounts.
A former POW says "No man witnessed another man during interrogations� We relied on each other to tell the truth when a man was returned to his cell."
The U.S. Navy says two eyewitnesses are required for any award of heroism. But for the valor awards McCain received, there are no eyewitnesses, less himself and his captors. And they're not talking.
Our POWs in Vietnam were treated appallingly. The Viets would either break a POW or kill him. POWs provided info beyond name, rank and serial number or they didn't come back.
Based on these stalwart men's horrific experiences, the Code of Conduct has been changed. A POW says, "Now the training is to give them something� don't risk permanent damage to health, mind or body."
McCain refused an early release. An act of valor? Three former POWs told me he was ordered to turn it down by his U.S. POW commander and he "just followed orders."
McCain certainly doesn't appear to be a war hero by conventional standards, but rather a tough survivor whose handlers are overplaying the war hero card.
David H. Hackworth died in June 2005, he was a much-decorated and highly unconventional former career Army officer who became a combat legend in Vietnam. Col. Hackworth received 78 combat awards � including a Distinguished Service Cross, a Silver Star, a Bronze Star and eight Purple Hearts � during his 25-year military career which spanned the Korean and Vietnam wars..
Continue
While nobody knows for sure if they would be able to hang tough in the face of the ministrations of vicious Vietnamese interrogation professionals, none of us are running for Commander in Chief. And we all know what John McCain did: he sold out America to the communists and was then rewarded, first by them and then by the US government. McCain was not just anybody, and certainly not a working class draftee; the son and grandson of United States Navy admirals, John McCain was a highly trained Lieutenant Commander in the US Navy when he broke the code of honor and gave the communists information in exchange for favors. (He also has said he is "ashamed" of his Confederate ancestors). Does this tendency show a weakness that lies at the bottom of his need to sell out the United States again through "legalizing" millions of illegal aliens?
McCain's actions in Vietnam dishonor the many POWs who stood tall and refused to break their honor code. For a look at how real men dealt with their imprisonment, see Werner Herzog's excellent films based on the experience of Dieter Dengler, 2007's Rescue Dawn and the 1997 documentary Little Dieter Needs to Fly. Dengler was a German immigrant who decided he wanted to be a pilot after surviving the bomb attacks on civilians as a child in the Second World War. As a US Navy pilot, Dengler was shot down over Laos and taken prisoner. Not only did he refuse to sign a "confession" demanded by the communists, but after being tortured and thrown into a POW camp he organized a prisoner uprising and mass escape.
U.S. MILITARY CODE OF CONDUCT
I. I am an American, fighting in the forces which guard my country and our way of life. I am prepared to give my life in their defense.
II. I will never surrender of my own free will. If in command, I will never surrender the members of my command while they still have the means to resist.
III. If I am captured I will continue to resist by all means available. I will make every effort to escape and to aid others to escape. I will accept neither parole nor special favors from the enemy.
IV. If I become a prisoner of war, I will keep faith with my fellow prisoners. I will give no information or take part in any action which might be harmful to my comrades. If I am senior, I will take command. If not, I will obey the lawful orders of those appointed over me and will back them up in every way.
V. When questioned, should I become a prisoner of war, I am bound to only give name, rank, service number, and date of birth. I will evade answering further questions to the utmost of my ability. I will make no oral or written statements disloyal to my country and its allies or harmful to their cause.
VI. I will never forget that I am an American, fighting for freedom, responsible for my actions, and dedicated to the principles which made my country free. I will trust in my God and in the United States of America. News Source: Vietnam Veterans Against John McCain
Comments
Entire site copyright ©2007-2008 European Americans United.
Opinions expressed herein are not necessarily those of EAU,
the editors, or any other entity. Some clearly marked materials are
parodies or fiction. By submitting material you grant European
Americans United a non-transferable 100 year non-exclusive license
to use the submitted material.
The following copyright pertains to the news site software only: Copyright ©Copyright (C) 2007-2013 Powered by Esselbach Storyteller CMS System Version 1.8 Licensed to: European Americans United
INDIANAPOLIS -- As someone pointed out to me, there were only 98 days until the start of the NFL season as of Sunday.
Ninety-eight is also the number of Indianapolis Colts linebacker Robert Mathis. Mathis, as you know, is suspended for the first four games of the 2014 season for failing the league's drug policy.
There's still plenty of time between now and Sept. 7 to determine who will join D'Qwell Jackson, Erik Walden and Jerrell Freeman in the starting lineup at Mathis' linebacker spot.
Second-year linebacker Bjoern Werner is getting the first crack at starting in those four games.
"All the young pass-rushers have to step up," he said. "We don't know who the guy is, everybody is seeing opportunity and everybody is just trying to replace him for the first four games."
Werner, who missed three games last season with a torn plantar fascia in his right foot, had 18 tackles and 2.5 sacks during his rookie season. Like Mathis did in his first year under coach Chuck Pagano's 3-4 defensive scheme, Werner had to make the adjustment from being a defensive end in college to being an outside linebacker. He has spent the offseason getting stronger.
Werner will be pushed by Daniel Adongo, Cam Johnson, Andy Studebaker and Jonathan Newsome for playing time at outside linebacker with Mathis out.
"I prepare the same way before the whole situation with Robert came out, and I'll keep preparing the same way," Werner said. "I feel great, I've had a great offseason and just seize the moment. Hopefully I'm the guy, but that's coach's situation."
Guiremand grew concerned as the scar's color darkened. He'd been circumcised as an infant, according to a sex facts book he'd receive from a doctor. Then the curious patient's concerns turned to horror.
"There was this part of me that I learned was highly integrated and important for pleasurable sex, and it was stolen from me," he says. "The excuses they made for doing it made absolutely no sense to me and I knew there was something wrong.
"When I read about it more, I was horrified and depressed that somebody had violated my own body, the most private part of my body."
It would be decades later when Guiremand realized there were others who felt the same. The 70-year-old today serves as a spokesperson for Bloodstained Men, a nonprofit that pushes for the end of circumcision.
This morning the group kicks off its 17-day protest tour in downtown Minneapolis because "the foreskin is a healthy, valuable part that belongs to the child" and removing it without one's consent is "unnecessary, cruel, damaging, and morally wrong."
Protest organizers will be easy to spot. They'll be sporting white outfits with red-stained crotches at the downtown intersection of Third Avenue S. and S. Fifth Street.
"The immediate reason is for parents and soon-to-be parents," says Guiremand. "To give them confrontation that your son may grow up and resent what you've done. A lot of people just go on autopilot, and think this is just what everybody does and I'll just do it to my boy too. This is about the parents' right and duty just to say no."
According to Guiremand, the procedure is grounded in archaic science. He calls it "crack medicine," a surgery that turned into standard practice over a century ago. Guiremand says the "anti-masturbation hysteria" of the times reasoned that self-pleasure might be curbed if "we just mutilate him and do it with as much pain as possible, and therefore correct the boy from the practice of masturbation."
The U.S. does remain in the Dark Ages when it comes to the subject. Circumcision became standard practice about 75 years ago. It was believed it reduced rates of venereal disease and other infections. In the post-World War II years, it's estimated that up to 80 percent of babies born in American hospitals were subjected to the procedure.
But skepticism of its health benefits have grown in recent decades. In 2012, the American Academy of Pediatrics updated its position, stating "the benefits are not great enough to recommend universal newborn circumcision."
According to the latest research, about half of American boys are circumcised as infants.
Bloodstained Men will be riding this momentum into Minneapolis.
Guiremand and the rest of Bloodstained Men's members want the public to know males are no longer okay with losing a part of their body that's engineered for sexual pleasure. Moreover, says Guiremand, baby boys want safety, trust, and nourishment, not "being attacked with a knife."
"When men grow up and understand what's happened to them, they aren't happy about it," he says. "It can only continue as long as ignorance continues.…
"And when men realize they've been harmed, they're not okay with it anymore. It's damaging for our whole society and masses of men growing up traumatized isn't good for America."
One of the highest-rated pizza spots in the Boston area has served its last pie, though the news is not all bad.Eater Boston is reporting that A4 in Somerville has permanently closed, approximately three months after it had to shut its doors because of an electrical issue which caused the Somerville Avenue building to become unsafe, and which also forced the temporary (at this point in time) closure of Dosa N Curry. The article says that owners Michael Krupp and Jeff Pond will announce today that they have decided to end the lease there, stating that "indefinite delays" on repairs ultimately led to their decision, though they also say that they hope to find a new location somewhere in Somerville. In addition, as reported earlier here, their upcoming location of A4 at the Troy Boston apartment building in the South End of Boston is still in the works, though it is not known exactly when it will open.The people behind Area Four in Cambridge's Kendall Square opened A4 Pizza in the summer of 2013, with the wood-fired pizza place receiving a good amount of praise in the press, including Boston Magazine recently awarding it best crust in the Boston area and Food & Wine Magazine including it in its list of the best pizza places in the United States.The address for the now-closed A4 is 445 Somerville Avenue, Somerville, MA, 02143.[Earlier Article]Follow us on Twitter at @hiddenboston
Labels: pizza, pizza bars, pizzerias, restaurant closings, Somerville restaurants
Binghamton continues to lose jobs while Ithaca continues to add. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
While Ithaca is thriving, Binghamton continues to lag as October job numbers paint a picture of two economies headed in drastically different directions.
Binghamton recorded a 1,200 loss in private-sector jobs, a 1.5 percent decline, over the past year. Ithaca reported a 2,400 private-sector job gain, a 3.8 percent increase. Meanwhile, Elmira's private-sector job count was down 100, down 0.3 percent, year-over-year.
"Binghamton is stuck in the mud," said Christian Harris, a labor market analyst with the New York state Department of Labor in Glendale. "Flat is nothing to strive for in a seven-year recovery."
Virtually every job category with exception of health services and construction recorded a loss over the year in the Binghamton region, which includes Broome and Tioga counties.
The total job count of 80,800 represents the lowest ever recorded for October. It is down 10,400 jobs, about 11 percent, since 1990 when the labor department recalibrated its calculations for statistical reasons.
The last time Binghamton recorded an increase in October jobs was between 2006 and 2007.
Manufacturing jobs continued to slide in Binghamton. In October, the total number of jobs in the production sector totaled 11,000, the lowest on record for any month since 1990, and down 500 for the year.
As grim as Binghamton numbers are — no other metro area in New York performed worse than Binghamton over the past 12 months — Ithaca continues to be an upstate bright spot, with the best private-sector job growth in New York.
While the monthly numbers may be a bit of a statistical aberration, Harris said it is clear that Ithaca is benefiting from the ripple effects in the education category, with research and high-technology related companies associated with Cornell University generating new jobs.
Statewide, New York's private sector job count climbed by 89,900, 1.1 percent.
Read or Share this story: http://press.sn/2g37BMn
The China regional contest of the 2017 Robot World Cup, or RoboCup, opened in Rizhao in Shandong Province on Sunday.
Taking part in the competition are over 2,000 contestants making up 418 teams from around the country, with each looking to make the cut for the finals staged in Nagoya, Japan this July.
The contest drew many spectators, as robotic teams of varying shapes, sizes and attributes squared off, all of which received minimal assistance.
Li Shi, deputy secretary-general of the Chinese Association of Automation, explained to CCTV+ that the robots involved had to operate autonomously, with no pitch-side coaching or remote control.
"Everything, including its sensor, its movement, its control, are all completed by one robot. No off-pitch computer is allowed to impose any remote control. The robot must get to know all the necessary information by itself and coordinate with each other to fulfil the task," Li said.
Development of key technologies
Held by the Federation of International Robot-soccer Association, RoboCup is currently the world's largest international robotics competition with a far-reaching influence.
The China regional competition is one of the five most influential international open tournaments.
"All the events in the competition aim at promoting the development of some key technologies in the field of robots and resolving some challenging problems in this connection," Li said.
The annual China regional competition of RoboCup was founded in 1999, with the contest set to run through Tuesday.
Complaints from the mainstream media over the disproportionate nature of the Israel-Hamas conflict have reached a fever pitch in recent weeks. The problem for them, it seems, is that not enough Israelis are dying in this conflict between a democratic state and a terrorist-run Islamist territory. Leave it to CNN commentator Marc Lamont Hill to make the point a little bit more explicit.
In a discussion on the August 4 edition of CNN Newsroom, Hill critiqued Israel's Iron Dome system, almost lamenting the fact that it has limited Israeli deaths, leading to the disproportionate outcome of the war liberals so often mention. He absurdly claimed: [MP3 audio here; video below]
But what the Iron Dome does is it also takes away all of Hamas's military leverage which is very different than say, 10 years ago or 15 years ago in other wars like Lebanon, et cetera. As a result, it not only serves a defensive purpose but de facto serves an offensive purpose. It allows Israel to essentially assault and siege Gaza without any retribution or response on the other side. So again, to some extent, they are not just funding defense, they are funding an offensive war and ultimately an occupation. That for me, is the problem.
In short, it appears Hill objects to U.S. taxpayer funding of Iron Dome because it “serves an offensive purpose” by limiting the ability of the Islamist terror network Hamas to slaughter Israeli citizens in “retribution.” Hill misses the point about military conflicts: the ultimate goal is to win and at the same time limit civilian casualties on your own side.
In making that argument, Hill insinuates that there is moral equivalence between Israel and Hamas, an incredibly dubious claim. This appears to be lost on the HuffPost Live writer.
Earlier in the segment, Hill channeled liberal talking points on the conflict, confessing that he was “pleased to see the United States finally joining the international community in condemning Israel for this reckless assault on innocent lives.”
The Morehouse College professor could not grasp how the United States could fund Iron Dome without “some sort of imposition of peace.” He asserted that America “can't simply say [they] are going to keep funding an Iron Dome when there is such a disproportionate attack on the people of Gaza.”
Anti-Israel rhetoric from the liberal media has shown no sign of slowing down, and the hostility toward world's lone Jewish state is growing by the day.
Doc Watson & Friends
03/07/98
Walker Center, 75th Birthday Jam
North Wilkesboro, NC
Download: FLAC/MP3
– Jeff Little –
Orange Blossom Special
Whole Lotta Shakin'
– Enter Randy Greer-
Miner Swing
Alabama Jubilee
Billy & The Lowground
Foggy Mountain Breakdown
– Doc Watson & Happy Birthday Doc
Tennessee Waltz
Down Yonder
– Enter Richard Watson & T. Michael Coleman –
Milk Cow Blues
Step It Up To Georgia
– Exit Jeff Little –
Walk On Boy
Summertime
St James Infirmary
Stranger Blues
– Enter Charles Welch –
Frankie & Johnny
Buckets Of Rain
Solid Gone
Columbus Stockade
Precious Lord (Take My Hand)
– Enter Tony Rice-
Red Haired Boy
He's In The Jailhouse Now
Deep River Blues
Tony's Pick (?)
More Pretty Girls Than One
Set II
– Chesapeake –
Just Where I Want To Be (?)
Let It Roll
Bed Of Roses
Carolina Cornfield
Working On A Building
Carolina Star
Full Force Gale
– Enter Tony Rice –
Georgia On My Mind
My Favorite Things
Ginseng Sullivan
Song For A Winter's Night
John Hardy
– Enter Doc Watson –
Train Of Love
Special Angel
Shake Rattle & Roll
Sincerely
Black Mountain Rag
(encores):
Where the Soul Of Man Never Dies
Nine Pound Hammer
Happy 75th Birthday Doc
Britain is to get a new wave of prefabs as ministers plan to offer help to build 100,000 ready-made homes to try to solve the housing crisis, the Telegraph has learnt.
In a major strategy shift, the Government has decided to meet its ambitious housing targets by embracing the first new generation of pre-packed homes since the great reconstruction drive that followed the Second World War.
Many of the modern prefabs, now known as “modular homes”, will be aimed at younger Britons to help them on to the housing ladder.
It is understood that a Government white paper expected to be published next month will include measures to encourage banks to lend to small firms that build houses off-site, which are then delivered to a final destination.
Ministers have taken a “huge interest” in 21st-century prefabs after being impressed that some were erected on site in just 48 hours.
It's not about the sex. Marianne Gingrich's interview with ABC revealing former husband and presidential candidate Newt Gingrich's request for an open marriage was not about a wife rejected. Rather, it was an insight into the persona of Newt: When he gets power he believes the rules do not apply to him.
Nothing is more telling of this trait than Newt's response to Marianne when she asked how he could reconcile asking for a divorce because of an affair with another woman and speaking days later about family values to a Republican women's group. His answer? “People want to hear what I have to say. It doesn't matter what I do.”
I am reminded of a trip when I was a Justice Department official to a Muslim country that outlawed drinking alcohol. But there I was at the American Embassy with the country's elite imbibing. “I thought the law and your religion forbid you to drink,” I commented to one. “Oh, that's for the common people,” he replied.
In the Newtonian world, people only care about what he says; the rules are to be followed by the rest of us.
This distorted vision of the world also applies to whether Newt is allowed to ignore the facts. He does so with such conviction that, unless one knows the truth, his delivery mandates believability. Newt takes on a foe with such ferocity that Republicans, hungry for a fighting candidate, have not sought to challenge the veracity of his words. Consider his debate exchange with CNN moderator John King, who opened with a question about Marianne's revelation.
In claiming as false Marianne's statement that he asked for an open marriage, Newt asserted,” Every personal friend I have who knew us in that time period said the story was false.”
How could that be? Marianne has said the discussion occurred during a private conversation when they were in counseling. How would any friend know what Newt said only to his then wife?
Moreover, Newt had been having this affair with Callista for six years—in Marianne's bed and when talking on the phone to Marianne in Callista's presence, ending always with “I love you.” Newt had been in an open marriage for six years; only Marianne had not been told of it.
Newt next claimed to CNN that “we offered several of [these friends] to ABC to prove [Marianne's statement] was false. They weren't interested because they would like to attack any Republican.” Only it was Newt's statement that was false. ABC immediately refuted his assertion. ABC Senior News Vice President Jeffrey Schneider stated: “That's just not true. His daughters were interviewed for our Nightline story last night and we sought interviews with Gingrich or surrogates very aggressively starting Tuesday morning. We would have been happy to interview anyone they put forward.”
In fact, according to ABC, the campaign said it was “going to provide somebody who would answer point by point everything” Marianne said, but “it had not done so as of” the morning of the broadcast. Has any reporter asked the campaign for the names of the people Newt claimed ABC refused to air?
Newt also claimed his two daughters wrote ABC asking that the interview with Marianne be “pulled.” Not a word in that letter (found here) requests it is pulled.
Significantly, Newt's excuse for having an extramarital affair—in his own words—is that he did “inappropriate” things because he was under stress from working “far too hard” as speaker. What misconduct will he excuse when he discovers the Presidency comes with hard work and stress?
Newt asked Marianne to accept an open marriage while preaching family values to the rest of us. Such request is not a disqualifier for a man to be an effective president, as John Kennedy's and Bill Clinton's tenures will attest. But Newt's grandiose mindset, that the rules we all live by—including telling the truth—do not apply to him, is a different matter. His duplicity should be a disqualifier.
The search for new treatments to improve outcome in people with anorexia nervosa continues. This pilot study investigated whether one session of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex reduces eating disorder related symptoms following exposure to visual and real food stimuli. Safety and tolerability were also assessed. Ten right-handed people with anorexia nervosa underwent one session of rTMS. Subjective experiences related to the eating disorder (e.g. urge restricting, feeling full etc.) were assessed before and after rTMS. Non-parametric repeated measures tests were used. rTMS was safe and well-tolerated, and resulted in reduced levels of feeling full, feeling fat and feeling anxious. Thus, rTMS may reduce core symptoms of anorexia nervosa. Future research should establish the therapeutic potential of rTMS in anorexia nervosa.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
One of the remarkable things about Donald Trump's presidency is that every time he does something, you can find a tweet from a few years ago saying how terrible that thing is. Not just for a few things, either. It happens over and over and over. Aaron Blake finally brings this observation to the mainstream press:
Over the last two weeks, President Trump has attacked Syria without congressional approval, ratcheted up the use of force in Afghanistan with a huge bomb, and moved to reverse the Obama administration's policy of releasing White House visitor logs. Each of these actions runs completely counter to the views and values once espoused by Trump on Twitter. And they join an amazingly long — and growing — list of old Trump tweets that have become eerily applicable to Trump's own presidency in ways that scream “hypocrisy.”
Blake follows this with a list of Trump's tweets, which reads like a time travel story about a younger version of Trump sending desperate tweets to his older self to try to warn him away from acts of folly. Sort of like that Sandra Bullock movie except with Twitter.
If anyone ever gets the chance to ask our suddenly press-shy president about this, I don't know what he'll say. What he believes, I suspect, is that we're all losers and morons. He said all that old stuff because he was attacking Obama. Duh. It's ridiculous to think it represents what Trump actually believes. When you're in a fight, you say what it takes to win. Truth is irrelevant. It's all performance art.
This is sort of like uber-conspiracy theorist lunatic Alex Jones, who is currently fighting a child custody battle by claiming that his radio show is just performance art, and no one could possibly take it seriously. This probably explains why Trump is such a big fan.
As for the rest of us, I guess we'd better get on the bandwagon. We need to start saying stuff about Trump without bothering to check if it's remotely true. Here are a few ideas to get you started:
American war casualties have gone up 100 percent under Trump. (This is actually true if you pick the right dates. Not that it matters.)
The February trade deficit with Mexico under Trump doubled compared to Obama's first February. The trade deficit with China was two-thirds higher. (True!)
Automobile sales have plummeted at an annual rate of 40 percent under Trump. (Also true!)
Interest rates have more than doubled since Trump was elected. (This is true too!)
Trump has the lowest recorded IQ of any American president ever. (That's what people have told me, anyway.)
You get the idea. Stop worrying about whether stuff is fair or accurate or any of that stuff. It's all performance art!
IT'S COOL 2 TALK SCHOOL
Not Essay or GPA based
Fun & Easy to Win MONTHLY
WHO ARE YOU AS A STUDENT?
An athlete, a history ace, a star on the drums, class treasurer, a student volunteer, or something completely different? We want to reward you for being you and for e-nnouncing your school progress and accomplishments each month.
OUR $500 SCHOLARSHIP
Is a monthly scholarship open to all high school students and college freshmen, sophomores & juniors. Once you apply, you're considered every month based on the updates you're posting.
APPLY NOW!
It's fast and fun! Just fill out the form to the left to immediately apply. Then come back anytime to complete your Student Page Bio and start posting school e-nnouncements. You can post things like a pic of a test grade, you're volunteering in the community, or share an essay or project you completed.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Geraldo Rivera's reputation always precedes him. Although he's no longer giving away troop coordinates on live TV, he still gets into his fair share of embarrassing situations. This includes his recent comparison of Roger Ailes to the Revenant bear before waxing utterly poetic about the Fox News CEO's ousting. And then there was the truly flabbergasting moment when Rivera said the Orlando shooting victims should've fought back, which makes one wonder whether he can think before speaking.
This week, Rivera has surprised folks in a different way. He called out his good friend, Donald Trump, who Rivera believes should stop blaming the media for those “2nd Amendment” remarks. And now he's taking on the subject of Hillary Clinton's private email server with unexpected results.
Rivera appeared on The O'Reilly Factor, which didn't include an appearance from Bill O'Reilly himself, but guest host Eric Bolling. And Rivera distanced himself from partisan rhetoric (sort of) by proclaiming his moderate political stance in contrast to Bolling's very conservative ways. That led to some conflict when Rivera posited that the Republicans need to get over Clinton's email scandal already: “Why don't Republicans just swallow their pride and say, ‘Okay, we were wrong about that, now let's move onto something where there is probative value'?”
Rivera insisted he wasn't trying to start an argument, but he was speaking strategically. He simply thinks that Republicans are wasting time on thinking about an investigation that, despite being reopened by the State Department, Rivera feels will go nowhere. Bolling held out hope that Wikileaks will release more emails that will tie Clinton to “knowledge of arms going to ISIS.” But Rivera says Republicans should concentrate instead on other subjects like the Clinton Foundation, which some emails indicated may have had influential links to the State Department.
While ABC News reports that the State Department says no improper conduct was found in those emails with the Clinton foundation, Rivera still feels this is worth exploring as a more fruitful controversy. Whether or not Rivera's hunch is correct makes no difference. His recent pattern of unpredictable stances make for one hell of a watch, though.
A new way to fly! Turtle Airships company announces the beginning of construction iof a demonstration model of a new form for lighter-than-air airships. The airships are not blimps. They are solar powered and will reach speeds of 200 mph.
We can save over $100 billion each year on fuel costs alone, another several hundred billion dollars in airport construction, and eliminate a major source of carbon emissions. Airships are a trillion dollar industry, still in its' infancy, that will grow for decades.
Turtle Airships company will change the world aviation industry with 200 mph solar powered airships. Constructed with rigid shelled hulls of aluminum and carbon fiber, the airships look like giant turtles. These "turtle" airships are not blimps or zeppelins. The airships are being designed in Spain and the U.S.
Construction has started on a first prototype and the first flight and testing is scheduled to be done in Singapore this year. Turtle Airships will make a demonstration around-the-world flight of the new solar powered airship in 2009.
The airships' hulls are covered with solar cells which power the airships during daylight hours. For flying at night or cloudy weather, the airships use bio-diesel fueled jet engines as a back-up system. The airships cruise at speeds which are comparable to some airplanes.
The airships take off and land straight up and down like a helicopter and are amphibious. They land directly onto the water and take on water ballast for stability like a boat. The airships can land in harbors, rivers, mountain lakes, or the middle of the ocean.
The airships will also land on any empty field or at airports, and use built in systems to anchor to the surface without ground crew assistance. Turtle airships do not need huge hangers and can fly in any weather.
"Almost everyone immediately thinks of blimps or the Hindenburg," says company president, Darrell Campbell. "The Turtle airship is far more advanced in technology and capabilities."
Although there are less than fifty blimps or zeppelins in the world now, Turtle Airships expects to field hundreds of its' solar powered airships. Turtle Airships plans to invest over $200 million in airship manufacturing plants and airship operations by 2012; with an expected (IPO) public offering to raise over $3 billion scheduled for 2015. To reach these goals the company will work with local and national Economic Development agencies throughout the world to train workers and develop solar powered airship programs. Turtle Airships will also enter into joint ventures and is seeking venture capital and private investments which are directed toward alternative fuels and solar energy.
The company will concentrate on building airships meant for the travel market, with secondary emphasis given to military applications. The company had been originally considered for a U.S. Department of Defense airship program called "WALRUS", which was to create giant airships for military transport. Turtle Airships is designing airships for security surveillance and interdiction of pirates in the waters off of Somalia, Indonesia, and Nigeria.
Turtle Airships will also use "flying hospitals" to deliver worldwide humanitarian aid. Carrying doctors, foods, emergency equipment and other supplies, airships can avoid delays and complex delivery systems by flying to disaster areas and landing directly where help is needed. The airships will be made available to the United Nations, International Red Cross, Red Crescent, and other aid organizations.
"Turtle Airships is the only company in the world that is focused on creating a new aviation industry based on solar powered flight," says Campbell. "We can save over $100 billion each year on fuel costs alone, another several hundred billion dollars in airport construction, and eliminate a major source of carbon emissions. Airships are a trillion dollar industry, still in its' infancy, that will grow for decades."
In celebration of Canada's 150th birthday, the Citizen is rolling out one fact each day for 150 days until July 1, highlighting the odd, the fascinating and the important bits of Ottawa history you might not know about.
Jeanne Sauvé, Canada's first female governor general, was also the only governor general ever to close the grounds of Rideau Hall to the public. When the gates to the sprawling park that surrounds the official residence were locked in 1986, it created a storm of controversy. A group of local residents formed the Canadian Unlock the Gates Group; posters went up that lampooned Sauvé as “the selfish giant.” The National Capital Commission insisted the move was made for security reasons, although a CBC journalist said Sauvé reportedly confessed: “I'm worried about those crazy men out there.” Her successor, Ray Hnatyshyn, re-opened the grounds in 1990.
— Andrew Duffy
Protests in Minneapolis Thursday night continued after an election didn't go the way many would have preferred:
A line of squad cars set to meet protesters on I-94 in Minneapolis. Watch live: https://t.co/nnIB5Wo9Hp pic.twitter.com/tLOrfnvWfv — Jeremiah Jacobsen (@jcjacobsen) November 11, 2016
A look at the protest on I-94 pic.twitter.com/79t7S77laZ — FOX 9 (@MyFOX9) November 11, 2016
large anti-Trump protests shutting down traffic on I-94 in Minneapolis right now pic.twitter.com/jbiM0n6L4p — bengarvin (@bengarvin) November 11, 2016
During this particular “protest” of the result of a free and fair election, Republican Party headquarters in Minneapolis was vandalized:
Before making their way to I-94, protesters vandalized the Minnesota GOP headquarters. https://t.co/dYxoSKZTKV pic.twitter.com/nGIEQdp9fg — KARE 11 (@kare11) November 11, 2016
Stay classy!
Lock 'em up. That snowflake crowd doesn't look like it would do well w/ a night in jail. https://t.co/LMR7iYcVfg — SFK (@stephenkruiser) November 11, 2016
@stephenkruiser Trump's 2020 re-election campaign is ahead of schedule. — LiberalsREvil (@jtinfo) November 11, 2016
Gotta love the tolerance of the democrats. Pfft. https://t.co/l5fFfJ8ecM — EJ Haust (@erinhaust) November 11, 2016
The party if compassion. As long as they get their way. Losers. https://t.co/VyP1xWpycm — Jonathan Rich (@jonathandrich) November 11, 2016
The left is a mob of thugs and bullies. They are showing you now what they've always been. #copolitics https://t.co/P1ijgbn7JV — terriblezdog (@terriblezdog) November 11, 2016
I'm sure they vandalized peacefully though so it's ok https://t.co/jWtJo52wCN — Kevin Markling (@Kbzee21) November 11, 2016
They're on camera with their faces uncovered. Arrest & prosecute them. https://t.co/j6HW75Cj7G — Matthew J. Pagano (@mjp4liberty) November 11, 2016
***
Related:
Because TOLERANCE! ‘Die whites die' spray painted on Lee Circle Monument in New Orleans; MSM silent
Apple CEO Tim Cook will likely address issues such as immigration and encryption Monday during his White House meeting for “Technology Week,” Axios reported.
About 18 CEOs — also including Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos — and two dozen more business experts are expected to attend the event and help offer insight about how the government's information technology systems could be updated and modernized.
Cook is reportedly slated to attend a session called “H-1B/immigration.”
Cook has been a longtime advocate of the merits and economic value immigrants provide for the American economy, contrasting largely with President Trump and some of his top adviser's views that immigrants are taking jobs from American workers and hurting the economy.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Apple CEO is also a strong supporter of technology encryption.
Following the San Bernardino, Calif., shootings in December 2015, Cook refused to provide the FBI with a backdoor encryption to open the terrorists' iPhones. Cook argued that if he provided this opening, it would compromise customer's privacy and security and create a precedent.
Trump had urged people to boycott Apple at the time, pointing to Cook's lack of cooperation with the investigation.
Cook also is expected to bring up ways to improve how veterans receive medical care as well as human rights both in the U.S. and abroad.
Jared Kushner's Office of American Innovation organized these tech meetings.
Trump and Vice President Pence are expected to pop by the working sessions.
Kushner, his wife, Ivanka Trump, and many of President Trump's top aides like Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney are expected to attend.
Charlie, why don't you start by paying yours.
Via Washington Secrets:
New York Rep. Charles Rangel, censured by the House for ethics violations over squirrely financial dealings like failing to disclose hundreds of thousands of dollars in assets and failing to pay income taxes, today called President Obama's goal of killing some Bush tax cuts “paying your fair share!”
The 82-year-old's umbrage came in a tweet while he was in the Cannon Rotunda interview area. According to a picture he also tweeted, he was near House Majority Leader Eric Cantor who was in a discussion over the Bush tax cuts.
“My ears perking up to hear RepCantor saying taxes will go up under Pres Obama. It's called ‘paying your fair share!'” Rangel tweeted just after noon.
His picture shows Rangel waiting to be interviewed with Cantor off to the right, TV light shining off his face as he is being interviewed.
Keep reading…
Based on over forty years of adventure, this diary follows Indiana Jones from his earliest travels into the Cold War era.
This highly detailed prop replica is bound in genuine cowhide, professionally embossed and aged to look like a time-worn journal.
The cover shows an ibis, the symbol of the Egyptian god Thoth, the scribe of the gods, as well as various motifs including papyrus, from which we get the word paper, a fitting design for a personal journal of an archaeologist.
This diary contains almost 300 pages of stories, notes, drawing and photos. Indy's travels begin in 1908 with his father's European lecture tour. His adventures continue as a soldier in the First World War and into his career as a world-famous archaeologist and "finder of rare antiquities".
A Young Indy with Lawrence of Arabia
A sketch given to Indy by Pablo Picasso
Sketches and info from Africa
Indy steals the Cross of Coronado in 1912
Indy and Henry pose for a picture
The Jackal of Kha and a letter from Ned
Indy in the Congo, c1917
Indy flies with the Lafayette Escadrille
A reconnaissance photo of enemy territory, c1918
Mustafa Ataturk, whom Indy must track down
Entries from "The Hollywood Follies"
The Mask of Camozotz, c1926
A letter from Abner, asking Indy to join his dig
Indy and Abner find the Headpiece of Ra
Indy working on Easter Island, c1929
An article about "The Emperor's Tomb"
A German Police envelope and a Xi'an Warrior
Sketches from "The Temple of Doom"
Indy's research about a certain Golden Idol
A letter from Sam Spade and sketch of the Maltese Falcon
"The Last Crusade" for the Holy Grail
An Atlantean Horned Idol
A mysterious discovery, c1940
On the trail of "The Infernal Machine"
CHICAGO (MarketWatch) -- The Treasury Department is resisting General Motors' push for the government to sell off its stake in the automobile maker, The Wall Street Journal reports. Following a $50 billion bailout in 2009, the U.S. taxpayers now own almost 27% of the company. But the newspaper said GM executives are now chafing at that, saying it hurts the company's reputation and its ability to attract top talent due to pay restrictions. Earlier this year, GM GM, -0.07% presented a plan to repurchase 200 million of the 500 million shares the U.S. holds with the balance being sold via a public offering. But officials at the Treasury Department were not interested, as selling now would lead to a multibillion-dollar loss for the government, the newspaper noted.
Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.
Written by Skyler J. Collins. Modified from the original written in August 2011.
I am wont to harp on non-voluntaryist political philosophies because of their foundations in violence. I'd like to take just a moment to explain something that I haven't done a good enough job explaining.
Voluntaryism to me is about one thing: Love. I've said that the voluntaryist political philosophy can be summed up in one phrase: “Keep your hands to yourself.” Why should we do this? There're all sorts of reasons why we should practice voluntaryism, but I believe the primary reason should be out of love and respect for other people.
I want liberty for you as much as I want liberty for myself. I know that freedom is the only way that prosperity can be achieved, and I want you to have prosperity. I want you to pursue and find happiness. I want you to be free from the control of others. And I want you to be free to serve your fellow man.
Liberty implies responsibility. If the social contract exists, it exists as an implied contract between civilized people to keep their hands to themselves; to treat and behave towards each other how we want others to treat and behave towards us. We are not truly committed to the philosophy of liberty if we are not committed to allowing others the freedom we want for ourselves. Focus on loving your neighbor, and liberty and prosperity will naturally follow.
Jon Lovitz, good for you. The 55-year-old comedian has used Twitter to bring down a trio of teenage bullies who left anti-semitic graffiti and feces (pictured beneath this article) on the doorstep of their victim.
The three 14-year-olds drew swastikas and wrote the word ‘JEW' in maple syrup in front of their victim's house. Feces are left on the doorstep.
Unfortunately for these three skinwasters, their victim was the daughter of Lovitz's friend. When he heard his pal's daughter was being picked on, the comic took to Twitter. On April 5, the Jewish star tweeted a picture of the attack, with the text:
“Some coward idiot left this on a friend's doorstep, yesterday. This is an insult to all of us.”
Just a few hours later, Lovitz revealed a picture of the three bullies who were responsible (above, and don't they look like charming young ladies) to his 25,000 Twitter followers, asking for a retweet:
“The 3 girls who are bullying my friend's daughter. They want to be known. Let them be famous as Jew haters. Pls RT.”
The image spread rapidly, and just a few days later, Lovitz had news:
“UPDATE!!!! The three girls who vandalized my friends home with swastikas and dog crap, have been expelled from their school permanently.”
Yep, the three teens had been kicked out of their Northridge, Calif middle school for good, and could face ‘hate incident' charges. A bright future surely awaits them, har.
Mind you, while the girls themselves are plainly misguided and foolish, a special mention should go to the adult mother/piece of human excrement who drove the teens over to the girl's house in the middle of the night to commit the hate incident. She's also facing criminal charges now.
So we have come to the final installment of our postseason grades: the strikers and the front office. On Tuesday we laid the ground rules and assessed the goalkeepers and backline. On Wednesday we dove deep into the Timbers midfield and wingers.
But now it's time for the men up front both on the field and off.
The Strikers
Fanendo Adi, A-: After a frustrating spring and early summer, many questioned whether Adi was long for the Timbers. And yet, by regular season's end, Adi had shattered the MLS club record for goals in a season and put an otherwise struggling attack on his back. Just as important, however, as the season went along Adi began dominating physically and became an elite number nine in MLS. Throughout much of the Timbers' push in the fall, Portland's attacking play primary went through the big man's best-in-MLS holdup play. And it's no coincidence that the Timbers scored 18 goals in their final 8 games. If, as Adi's strong finish to the season indicates, the Nigerian striker is just now starting to come into his own (which, at 25 years old, would be right on schedule), Adi could be an elite striker for the Timbers for the foreseeable future.
Maxi Urruti, C: Coming into 2015, many wondered whether Adi or Urruti would step forward as the Timbers' primary option up top. Well, that race to the top of the depth chart turned out not to be close. Despite making the same number of appearances and starts as he did in 2014 (albeit with a modest decrease in minutes played), Urruti's production dropped significantly while Adi's ballooned. Urruti saved himself from a completely lost season with a season-saving goal in the 118th minute equalizer against Sporting Kansas City in the knockout round, but at this point we can no longer call Urruti Option 1b to Adi's Option 1a. And ultimately a genuinely backup role wasn't viable for Urruti in light of his high salary number for the Timbers.
Michael Seaton, INC: Nominally part of the first-team roster after his deadline-day acquisition, the Timbers rolled the dice on the Jamaican youngster to see what he could contribute at the T2 and, eventually, first-team level. That determination, however, will be made in 2016 and, with any luck, beyond.
The Bosses
Finally, the bosses: Caleb Porter and Gavin Wilkinson.
As usual, from the outside it is difficult to fairly assess exactly who gets credit for what, as Porter certainly has a significant hand in technical decisions. Accordingly, instead of grades specifically assigned to the individuals, it's probably best to think of Porter's grade as an assessment of how the Timbers did in 2015 from an on-field management perspective and Wilkinson's grade as an assessment of how the year went on the technical side.
Caleb Porter, A-: The Timbers' late-season run was the third consecutive appearance of Porter's fall magic, as each of his three Timbers teams have played far and away their best football in the month of October and, as it was this year, November and December. And while Porter's autumn surge arrived a little bit later in 2015 than it has in previous years - leading, admittedly, to some nervous moments down the stretch - it was also more pronounced and fruitful than any of the two previous years.
Before the Timbers righted the ship in October, however, things were touch-and-go. Some of the team's troubles, however, weren't altogether attributable to Porter. The coach, after all, can't put the ball in the net for his players. Still, it's hard not to point to Porter's more conservative tactical approach in this third season to explain at least some of the Timbers' dramatic goalscoring (as well as, to be fair, goal-conceding) dip in 2015. Even then, however, the Timbers dominated a lot of games in which they didn't find the result, something that was largely attributable to chronic difficulties in ripening half chances into full ones (something that a coach bears some responsibility for) and finishing (something that largely comes down to the players on the field).
On the whole, therefore, 2015 was a very good, but not-quite-perfect third season for Porter. The Timbers' late-season surge and MLS Cup victory, of course, had a significant effect on his grade, without which Porter likely would have been on the hot seat. The Timbers' late-season form looming large on Porter's assessment, however, isn't altogether surprising considering his consistent ability to get his team playing their best down the stretch is unquestionably among his biggest strengths as a coach.
Gavin Wilkinson, A-: The year started in borderline-spectacular fashion for Wilkinson and the technical team, as they used some roster-rules gymnastics to protect all of the Timbers' major pieces in the expansion draft, sold Jose Valencia at a considerable profit, exercised Alvas Powell's almost too-good-to-be-true option, and completed their major offseason moves by the end of December. And the acquisitions of Adam Kwarasey and Nat Borchers (the latter of whom cost the Timbers only marginally more in allocation money than they received in exchange for Michael Harrington) unquestionably lie on the spectrum of good-to-excellent. On the other hand, the Timbers' two 2015 flyers - Jeanderson and Ishmael Yartey - didn't pan out. That, though, is just sort of the nature of flyers.
But the Timbers' decision to go young with their other major moves probably hurt them during periods of the season in which they were looking (at times desperately) for somebody to step up in the attack. While Melano and Dairon Asprilla seem likely to bear more fruit for the Timbers in the future than they did in 2015 (as was always the reasonable expectation), there were times when Portland would have benefitted from using the resources expended to acquire Asprilla and Melano on more seasoned hands.
For two reasons, however, it's hard to come down too hard on the Timbers' decision to go young with a couple of their biggest acquisitions. First, the Timbers had a lot of firepower returning from a 2014 team that scored goals virtually at will. But for significant dips in the goalscoring production rate of Maxi Urruti, Rodney Wallace, and Diego Valeri, the Timbers could have easily absorbed the expected first-year turbulence from Asprilla and Melano. Had that been so, the moves would have been brilliant; the Timbers would essentially have their offseason impact additions already on the roster. With the benefit of hindsight, however, the decision to place a lot of chips on high profile but youthful players clearly cost the Timbers some points this season.
The second point, however, is that all is well that ends well. Simply put, the decision to go young looks a lot better after the strong finish to 2015 and the MLS Cup victory than it did during the depths of September. Indeed, much of that feeling of having next year's major moves already on the roster currently exists.
Thus, on the whole, 2015 has to be considered a very solid year for the Timbers' technical staff. Ultimately, it's the technical staff's job to pull whatever strings are necessary to give the coaching staff a team that can win. There is no question now that the technical staff succeeded in doing so this year.
If this Ducati 250 Scrambler seems familiar, it's because you've seen it on these pages before… kinda. Meet the ‘Super Duc,' the posh twin of Fuller Moto's ‘Dirty Duc.'
When Bryan Fuller had the idea for the Dirty Duc, he decided to build a pair. And much as we love the first bike, this second version is even more shareworthy—especially with Matt Jones' stunning photos.
“I wanted two custom dirt bikes to ride at the 6000-acre Durhamtown off road resort, and around the streets of downtown Atlanta,” he explains.
“One for me, and one for a friend to come with.”
The first bike was based on a 60s-model, bevel-driven Ducati 250 Scrambler. Bryan picked it up at the Barber Vintage Festival, and hauled the engine off to Rich Lambrechts at DesmoPro to rebuild. And as it turned out, Rich had enough parts in the shop to build a second, identical Scrambler—so the Super Duc was born.
The two chassis are the same too, right down to the center-mount twin rear shock arrangements. The tail sections are new, and the swingarms extended by two inches. That meant also fabricating a custom chain guide and tensioner arrangement.
Both engines were meticulously rebuilt, right down to the very last detail. Upgrades included electronic ignitions and 12V conversions, Speedcell Lithium-ion batteries, K&N filters and ARP stainless steel fasteners.
Up front are vintage Ceriani forks. The wheels are Borrani shouldered rims, laced to stock hubs with Buchanan's stainless steel spokes. They're wrapped in Pirelli MT 21 RallyCross tires.
The exhausts for both bikes are custom: hand-made headers with Cone Engineering mufflers. Rounding out the package are bits like a Super Pratic throttle, repro Ducati grips, KTM foot pegs, and LED lighting.
When it came to the bodywork, Bryan hand-shaped a pair of identical headlight shrouds and tailpieces. But the project stalled when he couldn't find a suitable tank for the Super Duc.
“The Dirty Duc had the alloy tank already on it,” says Bryan. “To make its twin, we needed to find another one like it.”
“This turned out to be harder than we thought—most folks I asked didn't know. Two years went by, and finally Beno Rodi struck pay dirt. At Davenport, I believe, he found a NOS 1974 Penton tank that was a perfect match… and not a single dent.”
On went the Penton tank, along with a set of stainless steel fenders. But with Super Duc almost ready to hit the dirt, Bryan changed his mind about keeping it.
“Reality set in,” he says. “Handing people an expensive, right-side shift motorcycle to thrash wasn't the smartest idea. So we decided to sell it for someone to own and enjoy.”
Decent upholstery and a tidy paint job were in order.
John Whitaker covered the seat with perforated black leather, while Bryan and Chastin Brand tackled the paint.
“We wanted the bike to appeal to Ducati owners, so we stuck to the Italian red, white, and black theme. Chastin's pinstripes were inspired by the stripes on the Kiwi brand helmet I'm wearing in this shoot.”
Bryan loves his own 250 Scrambler, even though it's rough around the edges. “It's one of the few bikes I refuse to sell.”
With the same genes but a little more polish, looks like the lucky new owner of Super Duc will get just as much joy.
Fuller Moto website | Facebook | Instagram | Images by Matthew Jones
How exposed are the world's big banks to the Greece Debt crisis?
The crisis is tying up many of Europe's leaders in constant negotiations to agree a bailout deal.
Investment bank researchers at UBS have looked at which banks are the most exposed to the crisis.
The banks with the highest exposure to Greek's problems are not necessarily those with the most invested - the UBS figures also compare the banks' exposure to Greek debt to their total equity, to illustrate whether they have sufficiently strong reserves to handle a Greek debt default.
So, which banks are worst hit?
After the Greek banks, the hardest hit would be those from France and the 11 German banks with stakes in the country.
There is also some €2.3bn invested by British banks too.
The full data is below. What can you do with it?
Data summary
Bank exposure by country Click heading to sort table. Download this data Country Total €m Austria 2 665 Belgium 2 4,070 Cyprus 1 2,000 Cyprus/Greece 1 2,943 Denmark 1 92 Finland 1 21 France 4 9,362 Germany 11 7,902 Greece 6 45,971 Holland 3 3,161 Ireland 1 41 Italy 5 1,150 Malta 1 9 Portugal 3 1,275 Slovenia 1 25 Spain 6 746 Sweden 1 57 United Kingdom 3 2,276 Total 54 91,766
Exposure by bank to Greece Click heading to sort table. Download this data €m Country Net Sovereign Exposure to Greece % of equity % of total assets Agricultural Bank Greece 10,000 na 31 Hellenic Postbank Greece 5,371 590 31 Piraeus Greece 8,700 248 15 NBG Greece 19,400 218 16 EFG Eurobank Greece 7,900 196 9 Alpha Bank Greece 4,600 110 7 Marfin Popular Cyprus/Greece 2,943 72 7 Bank of Cyprus Cyprus 2,000 73 5 Dexia Belgium 3,470 39 1 BPI Portugal 501 29 1 DZ Bank Germany 1,195 11 0 Commerz Germany 2,900 27 0 Postbank Germany 1,200 21 1 BPCE France 1,185 14 1 BCP Portugal 718 13 1 BNP Paribas France 5,046 8 0 Landesbank Baden Germany 1,389 7 0 Soc Gen France 2,500 6 0 ING Holland 2,425 6 0 HSH Nordbank Germany 196 5 0 Erste Austria 550 4 0 Norddeutsche Landesbank Germany 197 3 0 KBC Belgium 600 3 0 NLB Slovenia 25 2 0 Raiffeisen Austria 115 2 0 Rabobank Holland 638 2 0 Landesbank Hessen Germany 78 2 0 Royal Bank of Scotland United Kingdom 1,088 1 0 Casa France 631 1 0 Bayer Landesbank Germany 198 1 0 Unicredit Italy 801 1 0 West LB Germany 103 1 0 Dekabank Germany 46 1 0 Deutsche Germany 400 1 0 Caixa Geral de Depositos Portugal 56 1 0 BBVA Spain 293 1 0 HSBC United Kingdom 800 1 0 Banco Popolare Italy 89 1 0 Jyske Bank Denmark 92 1 0 Barclays United Kingdom 388 1 0 SEB Sweden 57 0.5 0.02 Allied Irish Banks Ireland 41 0 0 Santander Spain 300 0 0 Intesa Italy 200 0 0 OP-Pohjola Finland 21 0 0 Monte dei Paschi Italy 35 0 0 UBI Banca Italy 25 0 0 SNS Bank Holland 98 na na Jupiter Spain 64 na na Breogan Caixanova Spain 41 na na BASE Spain 40 na na Bank Of Valletta Malta 9 na na Banca Civica Spain 8 na na
• DATA: download the full spreadsheet
More open data
Data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian
World government data
• Search the world's government data with our gateway
Development and aid data
• Search the world's global development data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data?
• Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group
• Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
• Like us on Facebook
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Apple's computers and mobile devices could be targeted more heavily by hackers in 2016, experts predict
Cybercriminals are increasingly targeting Apple devices and 2016 will see a rise in attacks on its operating systems, security experts suggest.
According to security firm Symantec, the amount of malware aimed at Apple's mobile operating system (iOS) has more than doubled this year, while threats to Mac computers also rose.
Security firm FireEye also expects 2016 to be a bumper year for Apple malware.
Systems such as Apple Pay could be targeted, it predicts.
Apple is an obvious target for cybercriminals because its products are so popular, said Dick O'Brien, a researcher at Symantec.
While the total number of threats targeting Apple devices remains low compared with Windows and Android, Symantec is seeing the range of threats multiply.
Last year, it was seeing a monthly average of between 10,000 and 70,000 Mac computers infected with malware.
"This is far fewer than Windows desktops and we don't want to scaremonger. Apple remains a relatively safe platform but Apple users can no longer be complacent about security, as the number of infections and new threats rise," said Mr O'Brien.
The number of unique OS X computers infected with malware in the first nine months of 2015 was seven times higher than in all of 2014, its research found.
A significant amount of this spike is accounted for by so-called greyware - applications that may not have malware attached but can still be annoying to users, by serving up unwanted ads or tracking their web-browsing habits.
Symantec also found seven new threats aimed at Apple's mobile iOS platform, with jailbroken devices - those that have been unlocked - being particularly vulnerable.
And hackers are also increasingly targeting corporations, where Mac use is now more prevalent.
A corporate espionage group known as Butterfly which attacked multi-billion dollar companies in 2015 developed malware tools that attacked both Windows and Apple computers.
Walled garden
Traditionally iOS has been seen as a more secure platform than Android because of the more closed community that Apple runs for its apps but that is changing, according to FireEye.
While it found that the vast majority - 96% - of mobile malware is targeted at Android devices, iOS is no longer immune.
According to Bryce Boland, chief technology officer at FireEye, attackers are increasingly "finding ways into Apple's walled garden, and that will ramp up next year".
FireEye recently discovered that XcodeGhost, iOS malware that Apple acted quickly to remove from its app store, had found its way into the networks of 210 US businesses.
The attack was thought to be the first large-scale attack on Apple's app store.
The introduction of new payment systems, such as Apple Pay, will add a financial incentive for hackers, making it worth their "time and effort" to develop new malware, FireEye said.
Mr O'Brien said: "We haven't yet seen any threats targeting Apple Pay but anything that involves a financial transaction will be of interest to hackers."
Image caption Steinway's pianos are used by famous pianists, including Sviatoslav Richter, pictured here
Steinway Musical Instruments, the US company famous for its grand pianos, has agreed a buyout deal with hedge fund firm Paulson & Co.
The deal values the firm at $512m (£330m) and trumps an earlier offer made by rival firm Kohlberg & Co.
Steinway still has 25 days to accept better offers, but Kohlberg has already said it will not bid again.
The 160-year-old firm piano maker has struggled to maintain its profit margins in recent years.
Shares rose 6% to $40.51, close to the offer price.
Steinway's sales grew just 2% last year.
It sells a selection of brass and other instruments alongside its range of pianos.
It has been looking for a buyer since December 2012, after concluding a 17-month strategic review.
The purchase is seen as an unusual move for John Paulson, who heads the Paulson & Co fund.
He rose to prominence in the financial world in the wake of the crisis in 2007 when he bet against the subprime mortgage investments at its centre.
international
US President-elect Donald Trump has hinted at lifting sanctions against Russia and said he was not committed to the longstanding ‘One-China' policy
Donald Trump speaks during a press conference on Wednesday at Trump Tower in New York. Pic/AFP
Washington: US President-elect Donald Trump has hinted at lifting sanctions against Russia and said he was not committed to the longstanding ‘One-China' policy.
The incoming President, who is scheduled to take office on January 20, suggested he would be open to lifting sanctions against Russia if Moscow proved helpful in battling terrorists and reaching other goals important to the US.
Trump said he will keep the sanctions, imposed by the Obama administration on Moscow for its alleged cyberattacks to influence last year's US presidential election, “at least for a period of time”.
He said he would not commit to ‘One China', until he saw progress from Beijing in its currency and trade practices.
Two more VendCafes will also open in the heartlands of Rivervale and Pasir Ris by mid-2017, reveals JR Group founder Jocelyn Chng who is profiled on the series Game Changers.
SINGAPORE: Months after Singapore's first all-vending machine café opened in Sengkang to much fanfare and public curiosity, two more are set to open their doors come April – this time at two public transport hubs.
The second and third VendCafes will be located at the Ang Mo Kio and Lakeside MRT stations.
Advertisement
Operator JR Vending had previously announced plans to open their unmanned cafés in Rivervale and Pasir Ris next month, but these were pushed back when the opportunity to work with SMRT came up, said the company.
“We wanted to try out the VendCafé concept in a more mass, fluid audience group,” said JR Group CEO and founder Jocelyn Chng. Residential estates by comparison have a more “captive audience”, she said.
The first VendCafé opened at Anchorvale Drive in August 2016, and drew long queues of those curious to try the three-minute hot meals dispensed by Chef In Box machines, such as claypot chicken rice, nasi briyani, salted egg yolk pasta and hor fun.
WATCH: Behind the scenes of your meal (2:12)
Advertisement
Advertisement
The idea for the vending machine café – an example of how to leverage technology in a manpower-lean F&B sector – was conceived by Ms Chng. She is featured in Monday's (March 20) episode of Game Changers, a documentary about Singaporean entrepreneurs who shake up their industries.
Apart from detailing Ms Chng's journey as an entrepreneur, the episode also reveals some interesting insights into what goes into vending machine meals.
IT TAKES A TEAM TO CREATE A DISH
JR Vending's chefs come up with new dishes which are then tested by Ms Chng and her colleagues.
This is how serious the taste-testers are about their job: They sit in isolated booths and, after trying out the sample that appears through a hole in the wall, they rate the dish using detailed forms.
After a dish is developed, it's sent for bacterial count tests, and a nutritionist weighs in on making it a more balanced meal such as by adding more protein-based ingredients.
“From research of the product till we launch the product, it will take us maybe two to three months,” said Ms Chng. A more complex dish could take up to six months.
FRESHNESS IS IMPORTANT
“We don't add any preservatives or additives,” Ms Chng said.
To ensure that the dishes remain fresh when they pop out of the vending machines, after each batch of food is cooked, it gets sent to a blast-chilling machine to quickly bring down the temperature. This is to prevent bacteria growth, according to Ms Chng.
After this, individual portions are weighed out, sealed into trays and put in the freezer, ready to be sent out to more than 100 Chefs In Box machines around Singapore.
REHEATING FOOD IS AN EXACT SCIENCE
Reheating a frozen meal is not just about popping it into a microwave and zapping it on high for a minute – in fact, every second matters.
“If the proportion is wrong, or the placing of ingredients is wrong, sometimes it may turn out to be not properly heated up or sometimes it may be over-cooked,” Ms Chng explained.
One of the more challenging dishes to heat up is hor fun, a stir-fried flat noodles dish, “because there are many different components” such as vegetables and prawns. She said: “It took us a while to understand the properties, the moisture, in order to come up with a perfect dish.”
Each Chef In Box machine has the capacity to heat up some 480 meals a day, if run continuously for 24 hours.
LOCATION MATTERS
While scouting for a location for the first VendCafé location, Ms Chng spotted an opportunity in Anchorvale.
“In the younger housing estates, there (aren't) as many amenities as the more mature estates,” said Ms Chng, who set up the first café for “about a quarter million” dollars.
JR Vending plans to open two more cafes in Rivervale and Pasir Ris in mid-2017.
Meanwhile, Anchorvale's younger residents are enjoying the convenience of having hot meals and freshly-squeezed orange juice close by.
A student who was buying food at the VendCafé at the void deck said: “If I want to buy from the hawker centre, I'll have to cross the street. It's more convenient for me to buy from here.”
With no lack of hawker centres, coffee shops and restaurants in food haven Singapore, Ms Chng is out to convince sceptics who wonder if vending machine meals are as good as the so-called real thing. “We have been educating the customers that all the food that comes out of the machines is actually ‘real food',” she said.
And why does she bother? As a business, she said: “It's change or be changed … The only way to remain very competitive is to be the trendsetter.”
Catch the story of Jocelyn Chng on Game Changers on Monday, March 20, 8pm SG/HK.
Alan Rousseau climbing on the east side of the ridge early on day three. Rousseau and Tino Villanueva had to traverse east to sneak around the very steep sections on the first step above Camp 1. Photo: Tino Villanueva.
IFMGA guides Tino Villanueva and Alan Rousseau just made what they believe to be the first ascent of Rungofarka (6,495m) in the Northern Indian Himalayas. The pair completed the climb in five days from their base camp (3,900m), and had three bivies on route.
“Our route, which was on the North Ridge of the peak, had difficulties around VI WI4+ M6 1,200m and was fairly sustained at that,” Villanueva writes in an email to Rock and Ice. “Our expedition was supported by the Copp-Dash Inspire Award and the Mugs Stump Award.”
After winning the awards this year, the climbers chose Rungofarka off of a list of peaks that were opened to climbing by the Indian government in 2009. According to Villanueva, the list of peaks are predominantly in Jammu and Kashmir, an area that has been the political and military scene of conflict between Pakistan and India.
“Rungofarka looked steep, technical and had the prominence and aesthetics of a mountain that stands alone,” Villanueva writes. “Challenging, complex terrain and technical climbing; the mountain appeared perfect for an alpine-style ascent.”
Villanueva, from Seattle, and Rousseau, from Salt Lake City, have been climbing together for more than 10 years. “We started climbing together in the Cascades and moved on to climbing El Cap, hard classics in Washington and eventually new routes both in the US and abroad,” Villanueva writes. They both work for Mountain Madness, a guide service based in Seattle.
After two flights and two days of driving, Villanueva and Rousseau made the trek to Base Camp. Their primary objective was a route up the north face. On September 24, they started up the face.
“However, after climbing 500 meters (nearly half the vertical distance up the face) the climbing was very sustained and there were no options for a bivy,” Villanueva writes. “It actually felt kind of like big wall climbing—hanging belays, nowhere to rest, nowhere to even chop a foot ledge to rest calves.”
The climbing was more difficult and sustained than they had anticipated: thin ice over compact rock, aerated cauliflower ice and overhanging steps. “Continuing into darkness through difficulties up to AI5+ M5, and still finding nowhere to stop,” Villanueva writes, “we decided to pull the plug and rappel into the night back to a bivy in the bergschrund.”
Villanueva and Rousseau have plenty of experience weighing risk in the mountains. In 2012, they went on their first alpine climbing trip abroad, focusing on the Rolwaling Valley of Nepal. During a rappel off a waterfall ice climb, their third partner was hit by rockfall and broke every bone in his right hand.
“Alan and I had to change our mindset and adjust to having our friend almost get killed in the most benign terrain we were planning to encounter,” Villanueva writes. “We were able to get our heads back in and climb a first peak ascent (Langmoche Ri 6,611m), as well as five new waterfall ice routes and a new variation on an unnamed 5,000 meter peak.”
So, no strangers to getting back into a rhythm after major setbacks, Villanueva and Rousseau decided to rest for three days after their failed attempt on Rungofarka's north face. They decided they would try the north ridge instead and trekked up to Advanced Base Camp on September 30. On October 1, the climbers left Base Camp, and climbed mostly in the M5-M6 range with solid belays, runouts and sections of poor gear and loose rock until October 3, which Villanueva describes as a turning point.
“Honestly, this day was kind of a blur for me,” he writes. While he recalls a few quality pitches, “There were also some horrific pitches. Rock the quality of dirt, a couple of tension traverses to link rock slabs to climbable features, and finally a six-inch unprotected offwidth crack.” Their biggest piece on the offwidth was a #3 Camalot and it was in the anchor.
“Alan worked his way up the crack, placing a couple pitons for protection which I removed with fingertip pressure,”Villanueva writes.
After about 20 pitches, they climbed through one more slabby crux before finding a less-than-optimal bivy spot where winds demolished their platform and tent.
With calm, clear skies the next day, October 4, Villanueva and Rousseau simul-climbed a handful of rope lengths up 60-degree ice to the summit ridge. They reached the summit at noon.
Getting off the mountain was an adventure as well, Villanueva remembers. “We were forced to rappel through a ton of overhanging serac-ed terrain, with evidence of recent icefall and overhead exposure for most of the descent. After 20 rappels, some brutal trail breaking through shin bashing wind crust, nine hours and 2,700 meters of descent we were back in Base Camp.”
Before receiving the awards to support this expedition, Villanueva and Rousseau also received the Lyman Spitzer (now the Cutting Edge Award) in 2014 from the American Alpine Club, also to climb in the Rolwaling Valley in Nepal. “Warming up” on Pachermo (6,275m), Villanueva and Rousseau established the first ascent of the West Face. “Later, while attempting 6,938m Tengi Ragi Tau, we were forced to turn 300 meters from the top due to a constant stream of debris falling down the face and a lack of safe places to spend the night,” Villanueva recalls.
In between climbing together, Villanueva and Rousseau also guide trips around the world. Highlights for Villanueva include guiding 7,000 meters in Kyrgyzstan, 800 meters of rock climbing on Mt. Kenya at 5,000 meters and the remote Mt. Logan in Canada's Yukon Territory (which Rousseau and Villanueva guided together). According to Villanueva, Rousseau's highlights would probably include the guided trips he has done in Alaska (Peak 11,300 and the Moose's Tooth via Ham and Eggs (V 5.9 AI4)), as well as guiding in the Cordillera Blanca mountain range in Peru.
Also read Dazzling New First Ascent on Cerro Kishtwar by Huber, Siegrist and Zankar
Britain has been accused of waging a behind-the-scenes PR offensive aimed at neutering United Nations criticism of Bahrain for its human rights record, including the alleged use of torture by its security forces.
Bahrain's young people mark fifth anniversary of Arab spring Read more
Documents shared with the Observer reveal that the UN's criticism of the Gulf state was substantially watered down after lobbying by the UK and Saudi Arabia, a major purchaser of British-made weapons and military hardware.
The result was a victory for Bahrain and for Saudi Arabia, which sent its troops to quell dissent in the tiny kingdom during the Arab spring.
But the UK's role has prompted concern among human rights groups. According to the international human rights organisation, Reprieve, two political prisoners in Bahrain are facing imminent execution and several more are on trial, largely due to confessions obtained through torture.
The situation in the kingdom was under acute scrutiny last September, when the UN's human rights council met to discuss issuing a high-profile statement raising concerns about possible human rights abuses. Before that meeting, the UK held discussions with officials from a large number of UN member states, as well as diplomats in the Middle East, representatives from the office of the UN's commissioner for human rights and international campaign groups.
According to a source familiar with the initiative, the UK sought to convince other states “that things were improving” in Bahrain and to dissuade them from issuing a damning diplomatic statement that would have had an impact on the kingdom's international reputation. Traditionally the UN statements are issued by Switzerland and then signed off by other member states who, on this occasion, appear to have been convinced by the representations made by the UK and the Saudis. The original draft was watered down heavily, according to those familiar with its contents. “The first draft contained many more condemnatory elements than the final outcome,” a source said. “The UK managed to significantly weaken the contents of the text.”
A comparison of the second and final, third draft issued on 14 September and obtained by the Observer, shows significant further amendments were made to remove embarrassing references to Bahrain and its security forces. The second draft read: “We are concerned by reports of excessive use of force by the riot police forces.” This was changed to: “We are concerned that there is insufficient accountability for human rights violations.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Saudi Arabian troops arrive in Bahrain on 14 March 2011. The force crossed into Bahrain to prop up the monarchy against widening demonstrations. Photograph: APA images/Rex Shutterstock
Another key section of the second draft read: “We are concerned about reports of torture and ill-treatment in detention including reprisals against victims reporting human rights abuses.” This was altered to: “We are concerned about reports of reprisals against victims reporting human rights abuses.”
Nicolas Agostini, representative to the UN at the International Federation for Human Rights, based in Geneva, said: “It is very unusual for states to engage in massive PR efforts to support their allies on the human rights council. What we witnessed last September was basically an attempt by the UK to shield Bahrain from any kind of international scrutiny. At the same time as the UK was engaging in this PR exercise on behalf of the Bahraini government, Saudi Arabia was mobilising its foreign service to bully states so that they would not support the statement on Bahrain, which is very sensitive to international pressure and cares about its image. In that sense, managing to have a joint statement on Bahrain, despite the efforts from the UK and Saudi Arabia to prevent it happening, was very important.”
Bahrain charges and releases American journalists held during protests Read more
Maya Foa, director of the death penalty team at Reprieve, said allegations that the UK had sought to water down criticism of Bahrain in the UN Human Rights Council were deeply worrying.
“It is right that the UK government works to improve other countries' human rights records,” Foa said. “But its work with Bahrain appears to have crossed the line into whitewashing.
“This behaviour is especially troubling in light of the potentially imminent resumption of executions in Bahrain and the role of confessions extracted through torture in obtaining death sentences in Bahraini courts,” she added.
A spokesman for the Foreign Office said: “As with all negotiations, a balance has to be struck between the content of any statement and ensuring that it gains the widest possible support from the international community. We don't shy away from raising issues of concern, including human rights, at all levels within the government of Bahrain.”
Puppy in backpack stolen after S.F. Muni assault
Police are looking for a suspect they say punched a man and stole his puppy, Chester, on a Muni bus in San Francisco on Jan. 22. Police are looking for a suspect they say punched a man and stole his puppy, Chester, on a Muni bus in San Francisco on Jan. 22. Photo: Courtesy / San Francisco Police Department Photo: Courtesy / San Francisco Police Department Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Puppies in backpack stolen after S.F. Muni assault 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Police in San Francisco are hoping the public can help them identify a suspect who punched a man in the face on a Muni bus and stole his backpack, which contained a 4-month-old puppy.
On the evening of Jan. 22, officers responded to the area of Mission and Sixth streets after a Muni rider on the 14-Mission bus line reported being assaulted on the bus, said Officer Grace Gatpandan, a police spokeswoman.
The victim told police that he was assaulted and had his bag stolen. In the bag was Chester, a blackish-gray pit bull pup.
The suspect is described as about 26 years old, standing 5 foot 9, wearing a “black vest shirt” and a gray sweatshirt, according to Gatpandan.
Police asked anyone who has seen Chester or the suspect, or anyone who witnessed the attack, to contact Sgt. Maris Goldsborough at (415) 734-3117 or call the anonymous tip line at (415) 575-4444.
Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfkale
WASHINGTON, D.C. --- A source close to Bernie Sanders confirms that the Vermont Senator purchased his first new suit in eight years to celebrate the occasion of the inauguration of his former competitor and fellow progressive, President Hillary Rodham Clinton.
The source, who chose not to be named, said it was the first new clothing Sanders had purchased since Barack Obama's inauguration in 2009.
Eyewitness testimony places Sen. Sanders at a Men's Warehouse in Burlington, Vermont in early January, making it possible that he bought the suit there. Another witness says he “left with at least one large bag”, and that he “spent a large amount of time in the clearance section”.
The source also confirms that Sanders, who is notoriously frugal, also purchased a new shirt from Costco Wholesale for $19.99.
When questioned, Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), confirmed that this behavior was in line with Sanders' character, and said she hoped Sanders would be browsing clearance racks again in 2025.
“I hope, for more reasons that just one, that Senator Sanders will have many more suit purchases to come,” Warren said, “When the most frugal man in the government buys a suit in celebration, you know you're headed in the right direction.”
CARSON -- The expansion Montreal Impact got a lot of work done in a nearly two-week stay at Home Depot Center, a good deal of it away from the field.
They finished this swing of their preseason camp Friday with 90-minute games against UCLA (a 0-0 draw) and Ventura County Fusion (a 3-1 victory), but what's been going on off the field has been far more interesting.
The Impact on Thursday traded veteran striker Brian Ching back to the Houston Impact for a conditional first-round selection in next year's SuperDraft. They topped that Friday, shortly after their games on one of Home Depot Center's training fields, by taking former U.S. national team forward Eddie Johnson through the league's allocation dispersal process, then trading him to Seattle for top young attackers Mike Fucito and Lamar Neagle.
It wrapped a wild week that started with Montreal's announcement that Ching, who played last week at HDC against his former Houston teammates, had departed camp for “personal reasons.” Turned out he was in Houston negotiating a new deal, one that would significantly trim his salary -- he'll make $250,000 rather than $450,000, The Houston Chronicle reported -- but allow him an expected final season with the club he's identified with as they open a long-awaited stadium.
“This is where I want to be, where I want to retire ...,” Ching told The Chronicle. “I know how old I am, and I've been around the league long enough to know my value. I have no problem. I just want this team to be successful, and I'll do what it takes. If that means less money, that means less money. Me taking less money allows me to be here where I want to be, allows me to open up a stadium that I've always dreamed of doing. That's rewarding enough for me.”
Ching, 33, considered retirement after Montreal surprisingly took him in November's expansion draft. Trade talks between the Dynamo and Montreal began almost immediately, and the Hawaii-born forward reported to the Impact's camp last month and last week said the idea of playing for Canada's third Major League Soccer franchise was “definitely growing on me. Obviously, it was a very emotional time when it all happened. But I've been with the team for about a month now and enjoy playing with the guys, enjoy the project of trying to build a competitive team here.”
Impact coach Jesse Marsch was asked if the Impact had received enough in the trade with Houston.
“I don't think it went the way we all thought it was going to go, whether he was going to stay or go. But in the end, it was just so difficult,” the former Chivas USA captain told ESPN Los Angeles. “He committed himself wholly, professionally to being here, but you also could see that his mind was still in Houston.
“In the end, I don't know if we got enough for him, but he served a purpose with our group, because he helped establish what real professionalism and what competitiveness is and the battling and coming to training every day. So that side, I think he still was very valuable for us.
“In the end, I think it makes sense from everybody's perspective for him to go back to Houston.”
Johnson, 27, a former FC Dallas and Kansas City forward who played two games for the U.S. at the 2006 World Cup, signed Thursday with MLS after four years bouncing around Europe (Fulham, Cardiff City, Aris in Greece, Preston North End) and Mexico (Puebla) without much success. He was made available through allocation, and Montreal, atop the table, selected him and began listening to trade offers. Neagle, 24, and Fucito, 25, made huge steps forward last year for the Sounders.
The day began with a good test from UCLA, which had the skill to play with the Impact and the organization to deny them many opportunities. In the second game, against the Fusion, Miguel Montaño scored one goal, assisted another by Sinisa Ubiparipovic and should have scored yet another -- his first-half penalty kick was slapped away by Cal State Dominguez Hills goalkeeper Markus Dickerson. Steven Miller also scored for Montreal.
The day's best goal was by former UC Santa Barbara star Danny Barrera, back with the Fusion after spending the past week and half in Chicago's camp -- and due to return to his Serbian club, FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda, in the next week. Barrera hit a brilliant free kick from about 28 yards into the upper-left corner of the net, as perfectly placed as can be.
WORTH NOTING: The Fusion's starting lineup included three MLS Supplemental Draft picks who have been released from camp: former UC Santa Barbara defenders James Kiffe (San Jose) and Tim Pontius (Seattle) and San Diego State defender/midfielder Daniel Steres (Chivas USA). ... Galaxy coach Bruce Arena watched most of the first game, and U.S. under-23 national team coach Caleb Porter caught the second game. ... The Fusion play one group of Chicago Fire players on Saturday at Oxnard College, on a side field, while another Fire XI takes on the San Jose Earthquakes in the main stadium. Both games begin at 9 a.m.
ELSEWHERE: In other MLS news ...
Vancouver signed a Designated Player pre-contract with Scottish midfielder Barry Robson , 33, who will arrive in July after his contract with English second-tier side Middlesbrough expires.
Colorado signed Argentine attacking midfielder Martin Rivero , 22, from Rosario Central.
San Jose reached an agreement with English Premier League club Tottenham for midfielder Simon Dawkins , 24, to return on loan for a second season.
New York waived defender Sacir Hot, 20, and midfielder Matt Kassel, 22, Homegrown Players developed in the club's academy. The Red Bulls' attempt to sign one-time U.S. national team goalkeeper Luis Robles, who plays in Germany for Karlsruhe, was scuttled when he leagues ruled he'd have to go through an allocation process, The Washington Post reported.
SUMMARY 1
Home Depot Center Field 4 (Carson)
Montreal Impact 0, UCLA 0
Montreal Impact: Greg Sutton; Calum Mallace, Nevio Pizzolitto, Tyson Wahl, Simon Gatti; Evan James, Collen Warner, Patrice Bernier, Juan Jose Peña (Gerson Mayen, 46); Davy Arnaud (Eduardo Sebrango, 46), Aaron Schoenfeld.
UCLA: Earl Edwards; Patrick Matchett, Joe Sofia, Matt Wiet, Chris Cummings (Ryan Lee, 46); Fernando Monge (Zack Foxhoven, 64); Evan Raynr (Chris Cummings, 64), Andrew Tusaazemajja, Victor Muñoz (Reed McKenna, 46); Ryan Hollingshead (Victor Muñoz, 64), Victor Chavez (Reed Williams, 46).
Yellow cards: None.
Referee: Steve Elliott. Att.: c. 50.
SUMMARY 2
Home Depot Center Field 4 (Carson)
Montreal Impact 3, Ventura County Fusion (PDL) 1
M -- Miguel Montaño 18
M -- Sinisa Ubiparipovic (Miguel Montaño) 44
M -- Steven Miller (Felipe Martins) 64
VCF -- Danny Barrera 83
Montreal Impact: Evan Bush; Jeb Brovsky, Shavar Thomas (Zarek Valentin, 46), Matteo Ferrari (Calum Mallace, 69), Gienir Garcia; Sanna Nyassi, Felipe Martins, Bryan Arguez, Gerson Mayen (Steven Miller, 46); Sinisa Ubiparipovic; Miguel Montaño.
Ventura County Fusion: Markus Dickerson; Jeffrey Quijano (David Walker, 76), Mickey Daly, Tim Pontius, James Kiffe (John Lopez, 76); Hagop Chirishian (Gabe Gonzalez, 46; Gor Kirakosyan, 90), Manny Guzman (Miguel Sanchez, 68), Daniel Steres (Sergio Castillo, 46), Jack Avesyan (Diego Barrera, 46); Rosario Bras (Danny Barrera, 46), Milton Blanco (Jaime Chavez, 46).
Yellow cards: Kiffe 71.
Referee: Ramon Hernandez. Att.: c. 50.
On 2010 I worked on this Nanosuit 2.0 paper model commissioned by Crytek, the award winning game producer of Crysis.. These 10 pages template eventually was not used by Crytek in their promotion campaign during Crysis 2 game launching. Although it is good for their promotion in figure modeling and paper model community, I was the only one outside Crytek that have this template. I always exhibit the assembled 1/6 Nanosuit 2.0 paper model in every occasion whenever I had the chance, people keep asking me where did I get this template, I always said "It's just for private use, not for share". Also I once post the built photo on Paper Replika Facebook page, the same thing happened. But recently I stumbled upon an image of Nanosuit 2.0 equipped with his tactical bow and in ready to shoot pose (Crysis 3 teaser image). That was so cool, so I try to modify the existing Nanosuit 2.0 3d model for paper model that I already made to pose like that image and post it on Facebook. That image was seen by Crysis team on Facebook and they gave me a green light to continue the work, so I think It's okay too to share the standing pose model. This template is 'different' from many of my template designs, the texture was carefully drawn in scalable vector image, every detail was drawn manually not from image or photo. So here it is Nanosuit 2.0 paper model, and this is a fan work and not an official paper model.
ASSEMBLY INSTRUCTIONS
Dim lights Embed Embed this video on your site
You must agree on Document License agreement page first, choose agree on the radio button then you will proceed
Download
Open the PDF file with Adobe Acrobat Reader (recommended software)
PDF security password : paper-replika.com
-
-
-
-
Jeremy Corbyn has hit out at the Government's decision to spend £9.3 million of taxpayers' money on a pro-EU leaflet being sent to every home in Britain.
The Labour leader's spokesman said ministers should be taking "an even-handed approach" to informing the public about the decision they will take on 23 June.
His comments suggest Mr Corbyn wants to see the same amount of public money given to the pro-Brexit campaign.
The spokesman said: "Jeremy is of the view that there should have been an even approach to the information so people can make an informed decision."
The surprise intervention comes as the Labour leader prepares to make a major pro-EU speech in London tomorrow.
His spokesman's comments also mark a change in tack by Mr Corbyn, who turned down the chance to criticise the controversial advertising blitz when asked about it on Sunday.
He would only say: "I think everybody should be fully informed before a vote is taken. There should be a proper debate on everything that is taken and I hope there will be an equality of airtime and debate so everyone can understand the implications of what is of course a very important decision and I hope labour supporters will hope to remain."
Fury erupted last week when the Government announced the leaflet plan, with the anti-EU camp claiming it was an abuse of power which gave their opponents an unfair advantage.
In Prime Minister's Questions today, David Cameron was again forced to defend the leaflets under pressure from Jacob Rees-Mogg.
The Tory MP said: "Over 200,000 economic migrants came from the European Union in the period for which we've got figures. And yet the propaganda sheet sent out to the British people claims we maintain control of our borders. Have we withdrawn from the free movement of people, or is that sheet simply untrue?"
Mr Cameron said: "The truth is this, economic migrants that come to the European Union do not have the right to come to the UK, they are not European nationals, they are nationals of Pakistan, or nationals of Morocco or nationals of Turkey. None of those people have the right.
"And so this is very important, and frankly this is why it's important we do send information to households, so they can see the truth about what's being proposed.
"What my Right Honourable Friend has just put forward is classic of the kind of scare story we get. Britain has borders, Britain will keep its borders, we've got the best of both worlds."
Elsewhere, eurosceptic Tory MP James Wharton told the BBC's World at One a colleague had lamented that the leaflet was not “sufficiently absorbent for the use to which they wanted to put it”.
In the early 15th century, there was a major literary debate at the French court. Featuring crude language, naughty metaphors, courtly love, misogyny, poetry and early humanism, this debate was inspired by a text in some illuminated manuscripts which have just been loaded to the British Library's Digitised Manuscripts site. The controversial text was the continuation of the medieval best-seller, the Roman de la rose by Jean de Meun, written 40 years after Guillaume de Lorris wrote the first part of the Roman (c. 1230). Some writers, like Christine de Pizan, saw Jean de Meun's conclusion of the Roman de la Rose as highly provocative, crude and misogynistic. For others, such as Jean de Montreuil, the continuation's themes and naughty metaphors were just stylistic devices and an improvement of the poetic genre.
The Lover and la Vieille, Le Roman de la Rose, c. 1490-1500, Harley MS 4425, f. 129v
The debate took place between the king's secretaries, clerks and Christine de Pizan between 1401 and 1405. It began with a short treatise composed in 1401 by Jean de Montreuil, the humanist and secretary of Charles VI and Provost of St Peter of Lille. In this text, now lost, Montreuil praised the Roman de la Rose and more particularly the part written by Jean de Meun. Jean de Montreuil was supported by his close friend Gontier Col, another secretary of Charles VI, and by Gontier's brother, Pierre Col, canon of Notre-Dame.
Christine de Pizan writing in her study, from the Book of the Queen, France (Paris), c. 1410-1414, Harley MS 4431 , f. 4r
By contrast, Christine de Pizan, a famous author at the court of Charles V and Charles VI, was a fierce opponent of the continuation of the Roman de la Rose by Jean de Meun, partly because of its misogynistic passages and lack of decency:
Mais en accordant a l'oppinion a laquelle contrediséz, sans faille a mon avis, trop traicte deshonnestment en aucunes pars – et mesmement ou personnage que il claime Raison, laquelle nommes les secréz membres plainement par nom.
'According to the viewpoint you oppose, in my opinion, he writes in several places in an indecent manner, even when he speaks as the character he calls Reason and names the secret parts explicitly.'
The monologue of Raison is one of the problematic passages Christine de Pizan underlined. She also objected to the story of the castration of Saturn and the explicit metaphor of the picking of the Rose. She also defended women, who were depicted by Jean de Meun ­­in passages involving allegorical figures like le Jaloux (the jealous one) and la Vieille (the old woman), as keepers of several sins:
Regardons oultre un petit : en quel maniere puet estre vallable et a bonne fin ce que tant et si excessivement, impettueusement et tres nonveritablement il accuse, blame et diffame femmes de pluseurs tres grans vices et leurs meurs temoingne estre plains de toute perversité.
'Furthermore, let us consider a little bit: what can be of value and of good quality when he excessively, impetuously and most untruthfully blames and accuses women of several serious vices and he claims their behaviour is full of perversion.'
According to her, this was not representative of the allegorical character of the Roman de la Rose but was rather the author's opinion.
During the quarrel several letters were exchanged between Jean de Montreuil, Christine de Pizan, Pierre Col and Jean Gerson and others including a high-ranking prelate and a poet. Pizan was supported by Jean Gerson, chancellor of the University of Paris. The debate was an epistolary exercise within a changing literary movement: more than a simple quarrel, it was a literary controversy. On one side, there were the supporters of morality and of courtly love, including Christine de Pizan and Jean Gerson. On the other, there were the first French humanists such as Jean de Montreuil, promoting a new vernacular poetry. In the background, there was a literary movement for the codification of courtly literature initiated by the Burgundians under the patronage of Charles VI. Known as the Cour Amoureuse (1400), this movement took the form of a gathering of ecclesiastics, nobles and bourgeois at court, who advocated ‘joieuse recreacion et amoureuse conversation' (‘happy recreation and lovely conversation') with poetical plays and courtly songs.
Garden of pleasure, from the Roman de la Rose, Low Countries (Bruges), c. 1490-1500, Harley MS 4425, f. 12v
The participants took this literary debate very seriously. In 1402, Christine de Pizan gathered together all the letters involved in the debate and submitted them to Queen Isabeau of Bavaria and Guillaume de Tignonville (Provost of Paris) for arbitration under the title, Epistres sur le Roman de la Rose. In the same year, she wrote the Dit de la Rose, a poem of 650 lines dedicated to Charles VI's brother, Louis d'Orléans, duke of Orléans. The allegorical character Loyauté, under the tutelage of Amour, founds the movement the Ordre de la Rose (which was based on the Cour Amoureuse of Charles VI). This Ordre de la Rose aims to defend women against slander. However, the Ordre de la Rose was designed as a circle where women played a central role, as opposed to the Cour Amoureuse which had the same purpose, to honour women, but was almost exclusively composed of men.
The quarrel finally came to an end with a new work by Christine de Pizan, La cité des Dames (1403-1404), which told the stories of virtuous women in the Bible and in French history. In addition to this, Jean Gerson produced several sermons on deadly sin and especially lust, which he used to condemn the Roman de la Rose.
Christine de Pizan presenting her book to Queen Isabeau of Bavaria, from Harley MS 4431, f. 3r.
The quarrel was relatively short-lived, lasting only a few years; however, it had a major impact on literature and manuscript production. Not only did it inspire one of the most enduring works of medieval literature—the Cité des Dames – it also impacted manuscript production. Later, Christine de Pizan solicited the help of the Queen once again, this time for a highly illuminated book that Christine supervised (now Harley MS 4431) which is mainly a compilation of her own works. She presented this manuscript to Isabeau of Bavaria in 1414. Ironically, the above controversy drew attention to the second part of the Roman de la Rose, the part by Jean de Meun. It had been generally neglected by illuminators but from that period onwards it was illuminated more frequently.
Laure Miolo
@BLMedieval
Photo
When Bevil Conway and his partner brought their premature twins home from the hospital, the two fathers felt it was important to keep them on a diet of breast milk . So the new parents purchased a couple of coolers and an extra freezer, and they started scouring Web sites for mothers with extra milk to share.
They found a physician who was moving away; she gave them a stash of frozen milk she had pumped but never needed. They stopped by a fire station in Lexington, Mass., to retrieve milk from a firefighter's wife. They picked up 100 ounces from a woman whose husband wanted his freezer back before hunting season, and they made regular visits to a woman in Maine who became a close friend and produced startling, prodigious amounts of milk.
And all of it was free.
“It was amazing, absolutely amazing,” said Dr. Conway, 38, a neuroscientist and artist in Cambridge, Mass. “We managed to feed the twins continuously without any formula for 14 months.”
Wet nursing has moved into the Internet age. Where once new parents desperate for breast milk recruited a local mother or, more recently, turned to milk banks or made do with formula, now they rely on informal networks of donors, mostly strangers, hosted on Web sites like Eats on Feets and Human Milk 4 Human Babies.
But some physicians and public health experts fear that in their quest to provide infants with the benefits of breast milk, new parents may inadvertently be exposing their babies to potential harm.
Breast milk confers enormous health benefits. It's considered the ideal nutrition for infants, and it contains antibodies and other protective immune factors that appear to reduce colds, ear and gastrointesintal infections, asthma and eczema, as well as diabetes and even leukemia, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics. Neonatal intensive care units insist on breast milk for the smallest babies because it drastically improves their prospects.
But it is also a bodily fluid that can harbor harmful bacteria and viruses, including H.I.V., and H.I.V.-positive mothers can transmit the virus to their babies through their milk.
Established human milk banks carefully screen donors, test them for diseases and pasteurize the breast milk they provide. But there is a huge demand for milk — in 2012 the banks dispensed 2.5 million ounces of milk, up from 2.1 million ounces in 2011 — and the banks must prioritize the smallest and sickest babies.
And the prices are steep. Breast milk can cost up to $5.50 an ounce, more than the cost of formula. A 3-month-old can drink anywhere from 20 to 40 ounces a day or more.
As a result, many new parents are turning to the Web, despite the Food and Drug Administration's recommendation against feeding babies breast milk acquired directly from individuals or online.
“You don't know what you're getting on the Internet,” said Dr. Susan Landers, a neonatologist in Austin, Tex., one of several experts who in 2010 urged the Food and Drug Administration to step in and start regulating human milk banks. (The F.D.A. declined.)
Dr. Landers noted that even if donor mothers have tested negative for viruses and bacteria, they may drink alcohol, smoke marijuana or use medicine that can be passed on through breast milk.
When researchers reviewed the blood tests of 1,091 potential milk donors who had approached one milk bank over a recent six-year period, they found that 3.3 percent tested positive for a virus or bacterium on screening tests (some may have been false positives). Six were infected with syphilis, 17 with hepatitis B and three with hepatitis C. Six tested positive for human T-cell lymphotropic viruses (HTLV-1 and HTLV-2), and four were H.I.V.-positive.
Officials with milk banks also worry that informal milk sharing is robbing them of potential donors and could curtail the supply to premature babies. “Their lives can depend on receiving human milk,” said Kim Updegrove of the Human Milk Banking Association of North America. “And we don't have enough. We are constantly cutting back on requests from hospitals.”
But many parents don't even want pasteurized milk of the sort banks provide, because the heating process destroys some of the very substances — some of the milk's immunoglobulin A, for example — that they are seeking in breast milk.
“We use it straight up,” Dr. Conway said. “We want all the antibodies.” He noted that the donors he encountered were always willing to provide their medical records and were always nursing their own babies.
So what's a parent-to-be to do?
Pregnant women who want to breast-feed should plan for it, making sure their hospitals' policies facilitate breast-feeding and allow a baby and mother to share a room. Pacifiers should be avoided.
If a baby is born prematurely and can't nurse, breast milk should be pumped 10 to 12 times a day to establish a supply.
Parents who use donor milk from informal channels should ask about the health histories of the donors and for recent blood tests and medical records.
Dr. Landers suggested new parents also consider flash-heating donor milk, a technique that can inactivate H.I.V. and destroy bacteria while retaining much of the milk's nutritional and antimicrobial properties and important antibodies.
The respect the Red Bulls still maintain for their ex-captain Dax McCarty was evident Saturday night in the lingering handshakes and hugs McCarty exchanged with his old teammates after the match.
Yet, despite another outstanding performance from the Fire captain alongside the expert passing of German international Bastian Schweinsteiger, the final whistle found the Fire conceding to the Red Bulls in yet another road loss.
Nemanja Nikolic's tying goal in the 59′ seemed to be making for a dramatic comeback win for the Men in Red, led by Fire captain McCarty and his first return to Red Bull Arena since his controversial trade to Chicago in January.
Indeed, McCarty's deft maneuvering as he dribbled between two defenders and dished a perfect through ball to Nikolic for the goal seemed to give the Fire all the momentum in the second half. Even after a sleeping Fire back line gave N.Y .back the lead in the 71′, Chicago's consistent attacking surges led by McCarty and Schweinsteiger seemed it impossible that the Windy City club wouldn't score.
Yet, even five minutes of stoppage time after 90 minutes wasn't enough for the Fire to level the scoreline. Still, in the face of their eleventh MLS road game without a win, the Fire looked undoubtedly more dangerous than last week's loss at Toronto.
David Accam was finally in full physical form and back to his place in the starting lineup, fulfilling his increasingly more common role as a facilitator for the rest of the offense. On more than a few occasions, his vision and pin-point passing accuracy led to sure-to-score opportunities for the Fire, particularly for emerging goal-scorer Nemanja Nikolic.
Nikolic alone fired off seven shots, and although one found the net in his fifth goal of the season, there were enough missed opportunities from the Hungarian striker that his lone goal seemed to be an underwhelming disappointment. Nikolic's exasperated look at the end of the match as he sat in the middle of pitch signaled his own frustration with himself, despite his goal being the first home-goal the Red Bulls have conceded this 2017 season.
Some will say that the Fire look as though they are still missing a critical piece, even after the addition of Schweinsteiger from Manchester United. However, the statistical sheet – which shows the Fire's edge in both possession, passing accuracy, and shots on goal – will tell not the story of an incomplete puzzle, but one of missed opportunities.
Advertisements
Share this: Tweet
Email
Starting right now and running until May 4th at 10am PST, PlantSims are out wandering in the world, ready and waiting to meet your Sim. Play your cards right and you'll be able to convince them to hand over one of their Magic Beans. Depending on the PlantSims' mood at the time, you can gain one of six different colored beans, matching the PlantSims' mood.
Your Sim can call up Jasmine and receive a stump to place the beans in. With a little water, this will grow in to a tree which has a portal, taking your Sim to uncover new seeds, rare items, and even a Forbidden Fruit! Should your Sim choose to try eating it, they'll turn in to a green and leafy PlantSim for five Sim days. While in PlantSim form, your sims will not only take on a new look, but become more skilled at gardening and have slightly different needs as well. Don't worry, if you're enjoying the PlantSim life you'll be able to keep the tree after the challenge ends, and continue transforming in to a PlantSim!
Excited to try it out? Head on over to social media and tell us all about your adventures with the new PlantSims! You can find us on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.
*Requires The Sims 4 game (sold separately) and all game updates to play.
It's just about summer time, and there's seemingly no shortage of bitcoin-related events going on in the community.
Case in point: Coin Congress. Following the Singapore launch of the event, the Congress is coming to the western coast of the United States. Specifically to San Francisco, when the event is held from July 23rd to the 24th at the Hilton Hotel Union Square.
The event is being held alongside the Casual Connect conference, and will feature nearly thirty of some of the most notable speakers in the crypto-currency community, which includes Litecoin founder Charlie Lee and Robocoin CEO Jordan Kelley.
“The Bitcoin platform is creating an upheaval in financial services, and we are just beginning to grasp how the world will change because of it,” said Brock Pierce, who serves as an advisor for Coin Congress (among other things). “Coin Congress brings together the industry's top thought leaders to share their insights on the overall state of digital currencies, and provides attendees with actionable takeaways for their businesses.”
Here's a full list of confirmed speakers at the event:
Confirmed Speakers:
Vinny Lingham, CEO, Gyft Charlie Lee, Creator, Litecoin Steve Beauregard, Co­Founder and CEO, GoCoin Joe Hsieh, Expresscoin Michael Terpin, CEO, Transform PR Sean Percival, Venture Partner, 500 Startups Ken Feldman, CEO, BlockStreet Ryan Singer, Co­Founder, CryptoCorp Marshall Hayner, Co­Founder, QuickCoin P. Bart Stephens, Co­Founder & Managing Partner, Stephens Investment Management Brandon Goldman, Co­Founder, FreshPay Anthony Di Iorio, Founder, Bitcoin Decentral Jason King, Founder, Sean's Outpost Jake Benson, Founder and CEO, Libra Services, Inc. Steven Sprague, CEO, Rivetz Dan Held, Co­Founder, ZeroBlock Jordan Kelley, CEO, Robocoin Harry Yeh, Managing Partner, Binary Financial Craig Sellars, CTO, Mastercoin Foundation Alyse Killeen, Early Stage Venture Capital Investor Malcolm CasSelle, CEO, Timeline Labs Joel Dietz, Founder, Swarm Matthew Roszak, Founder, Tally Capital William Quigley, Clearstone Venture Partners Scott Robinson, Bitcoin Lead, Plug and Play Tech Center Tom Longson, CEO, Gogocoin James Robinson, Managing Partner, RRE Ventures Jonathan Teo, Co­Founder, Binary Capital Adam Draper, CEO & Founder, Boost
Registration for the event is now open at usa.coincongress.org.
Iran's seizure of the Marshall Islands' flagged Maersk Tigris cargo ship has lead to important discussions about the United States' legal responsibilities to respond, under treaties with its one-time trust territory and current protectorate.
But first one must address the legality of Iran's arrest of the vessel. The Islamic Republic makes a very legalistic case for the detention, arguing it results from a decade-old Iranian court judgement against Maersk, the which chartered the vessel.
Maritime law in fact allows nations to arrest foreign vessels for certain kind of claims, or maritime liens, and the cargo dispute between Iran and Maersk qualifies. However, the arrest of ships transiting international status is limited under the United Convention of the Law of the Sea, and general custom, to a limited set of claims involving the vessel itself. As UNCLOS Art. 28 states:
The coastal State may not levy execution against or arrest the ship for the purpose of any civil proceedings, save only in respect of obligations or liabilities assumed or incurred by the ship itself in the course or for the purpose of its voyage through the waters of the coastal State.
This reflects the in rem nature of admiralty and maritime proceedings. In short, there is simply no basis under UNCLOS for arresting a ship for any debts incurred during prior voyages, and certainly not for those incurred by other ships.
There is a broader and somewhat complicated doctrine that allows for the arrest of “sister ships,” that is ones that are owned by the same person that owns the ship against which the lien has been levied. This kind of cross-attachment is permitted by the 1952 International Convention Relating to the Arrest of Seagoing Ships (“Brussels Convention”), but neither Iran nor the Marshalls are parties (nor are they parties to the slightly more permissive 1999 updating of that treaty, which only has 11 parties.)
The “sister ship” rule can be difficult to apply in an era when ownership, chartering and operation of ships are routinely separated, and ownership itself is often through single-ship companies in turn owned by other companies. But under the Brussel Convention, the “sister ship” concept is defined narrowly, applying only “when all the shares therein are owned by the same person or persons.” Art. 3(2).
Iran's claims clearly do not satisfy any version of the “sister ship” rule. The Tigris is owned by Oak Tree Capital, and merely chartered by Maersk. The Iranian court judgement is apparently against Maersk itself, regarding the operation of a vessel with totally different owners. Instead, they are at most “associated ships.” Such vessels cannot be arrested under the Brussels Convention, or apparently under Iranian maritime law. To be sure, many countries now apply modern corporate veil-piercing doctrines to allow the attachment of vessels with a common “real” owner, but again, the common party here appears to only be the time-charterer.
The discussion of sister ships is quite arcane, and ultimately besides the point. The arrest of vessels applies typically to those that have come into port. There is no right to arrest for prior or collateral obligations during an passage through territorial waters. That is, in waters where ships have a right of transit passage through straits – such as the Gulf – they may not be molested at all by coastal states for the enforcement of outstanding maritime liens.
Thus the ownership of ships, the scope of the sister ship/associated ship doctrine, and so forth are entirely besides the point. Iran's seizure clearly violates international law, and one might add, a branch of international law that is ordinarily well-respected, and quite fundamental for global commerce. Moreover, no maritime lien gives Iran any authority to detain the crew.
Given the flagrant breach of international law, there seems to be a surprising silence from the “international community” and proponents of global governance. Recall that Russia's unlawful seizure of a Greenpeace vessel in 2013 lead to an outcry from NGOs, Nobelists, and numerous governments. To be sure, Arctic Horizon incident was more aggravated in some sense (the absurd piracy charges against the crew), but the Tigris incident is more aggravated in other ways (the Maersk ship was not engaged in any arguably illegal or dangerous activities when arrested, unlike the Greenpeace vessels).
You might not have noticed, but Toronto has changed a lot since the 1990s. A collection of photos I posted just before Christmas underscored the point for me. Minus countless key landmarks, images of what should have been familiar locations looked bizarre and alien. The Distillery was still an abandoned industrial complex, Liberty Village was still a brownfields site in need of clean-up, and Yonge-Dundas Square didn't exist yet.
To illustrate the drastic change Toronto has undergone in the last twenty years, here are five comparisons of photos from the 1990s and today.
The Skyline
In the mid-1990s, the Toronto skyline was still dominated by the bank buildings of the 1960s and 70s. A real estate downturn in the early part of the decade put the kibosh on several new buildings, including most famously the original Bay-Adelaide Centre, but things began to come good closer to the millenium. The last two decades have seen First Canadian Place, TD Centre, and Commerce Court crowded out by the Trump International Hotel, the Bay-Adelaide Centre, Shangri-La (to name only a few).
The Distillery District
Once the largest whiskey distillery in the world, the old Gooderham and Worts factory complex closed in the early 1990s and fell into dereliction. When this photo was taken, the cobblestoned streets and red-brick Victorian buildings were making occasional cameo roles in Hollywood movies (in 2000, the Distillery was a Polish concentration camp X-Men.) A developer bought and transformed the site in the early 2000s and the finished product was unveiled in May 2003.
Liberty Village
Another dereliction to development story, the former industrial area near King and Strachan was once dominated by the manufacturing plants of the John Inglis Co. and Massey Harris Company. 20 years ago, before a real estate team dreamed up the the "Liberty Village" name, the area was a brownfields site in need of extensive remediation. Now the major challenge facing the neighbourhood is a lack of public transit options.
Roundhouse Park
One of the few conspicuous remnants of the once dense railway infrastructure south of Front, the old Canadian Pacific turntable and storage shed was given an extensive makeover in the 1990s. The photo above, taken looking southeast towards the foot of Yonge, shows the Air Canada Centre when it was still a Canada Post facility and, in the distance, the Gardiner. The area has been given a new lease on life thanks to Steam Whistle Brewing and the Toronto Railway Historical Association museum.
Yonge-Dundas Square
Toronto's answer to Times Square was created in 1998 by demolishing a cluster of buildings at the southeast corner of Yonge and Dundas. The entertainment complex on the north side of the street, previously known as Toronto Life Square, didn't arrive until 2007 when it replaced a three-storey retail building, a parking lot, and a neat piece of concrete public art. Today, the square claims to be the busiest in Canada.
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow him on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Image: City of Toronto Archives, Michael Monastyrskyj, Ferit Onurlu, Olga S, Grant D, Jack Landau/blogTO Flickr pool.
Captain Harris — a salty, bearded fisherman who became a bona-fide TV star thanks to “Deadliest Catch” — had instructed cameramen to keep filming if anything were to happen to him, according to his son Josh and Discovery Channel executives. Out at sea the captain and his longtime cameraman and friend, Todd Stanley, had many conversations about storytelling.
“We always talked about having a beginning, a middle and an end,” Mr. Stanley said. “Without one of those three things, you don't have a story.”
Several days after the stroke, when Captain Harris awoke from a medically induced coma and was still unable to speak, he wrote a note to Mr. Stanley that doubled as approval for the producers to stay at the hospital.
“Keep filming,” the note said, according to Mr. Stanley and Josh Harris. “There has to be an end to this story.”
Having six seasons' worth of footage of the captain doing what he loved is “priceless,” Josh Harris said in an interview last week. But by the same token, there is footage of his father in pain and paralyzed. He asked, “How many people do you know that have to relive all that pain, all that stuff that I blocked out?”
Photo
Josh Harris said he was adamant that the consequences of the stroke should be shown, adding that the producers “were very sensitive” about filming. Asked if there were any scenes that he or his brother asked the network not to show, he said, “No, because we want it to be as real as it can get.”
In the world of scripted television, it is not unprecedented for a star to die in the midst of a season. Occasionally, the death of an actor is written into the script. But in reality TV, which came to the fore 10 summers ago when “Survivor” had its premiere, there has never been a situation like this one.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The closest parallel might have come in 1994, when “The Real World” on MTV, one of the few documentary-style shows of its time, featured an openly H.I.V.-positive cast member, Pedro Zamora. When he died, five months after filming wrapped, MTV produced a memorial tribute to him.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Already this season on “Deadliest Catch,” portions of the episodes have been hard for some viewers to watch, given the foreknowledge of the captain's death. In an episode last week it was revealed that Jake Harris had been stealing his father's prescription pain medication, sparking a confrontation that ended with the Captain Harris saying, “I don't ever want to see you again.”
The fight is resolved in Tuesday's episode, just hours before the stroke.
As prescribed by the title, programs like “Deadliest Catch” “actually use death as both a threat and a promise to viewers,” said Susan Murray, a New York University professor who was the co-editor of “Reality TV: Remaking Television Culture.” “They track people engaged in dangerous tasks, and although the assumption is that all or most of those people will survive, we watch — at least in part — because there is a chance that they won't survive.”
What killed Captain Harris, according to Josh, was his addiction to cigarettes, a common habit among fishermen. The episode on Tuesday lingers on shots of the captain smoking.
Josh Harris, who said he was struggling to quit the same habit, said his father was recovering from the stroke surprisingly well when he suffered a pulmonary embolism, killing him suddenly.
Mr. Stanley, the cameraman, said he wanted to be tasteful about filming, avoiding what he called the “dehumanizing things” like the changing of a bedpan. Cameras were allowed in the hospital room for only a couple minutes at a time, Josh Harris said, to limit stress on the patient, and were not present at the time of death.
“That was a time to not have the cameras going,” Mr. Stanley said matter-of-factly.
Professor Murray said that the captain's death was “a loss for the audience too,” and suggested that by watching the episodes, viewers are “engaging in a sort of grief process,” a point borne out by the outpouring of emotion on fan Web sites and forums.
The show is leaving out one aspect of the family's mourning: Captain Harris's remains were cremated and in a private ceremony half were placed with the remains of his mother.
It is not lost on anyone involved in the show that “Deadliest Catch” remains a critically important and lucrative franchise for Discovery. The fishermen all double as paid reality-show stars. Josh Harris said he expected to be back on the Cornelia Marie next winter. Perhaps foreshadowing the next season of “Deadliest Catch,” he said, “We got to spread the other half of the old man's ashes out at sea.”
It's the holiday season! For many of us that means taking a roadtrip to see friends and family. That also means a long, arduous journey that quickly turns us into weary travelers. Instead of booking an expensive hotel room or binging on caffeine to stay awake while driving, try car camping (yes, camping inside your car)! Car camping is an economical and fun alternative to typical accomodations while you're on the road. With some foresight and a few additions to your vehicle, you too can enjoy the benefits of car camping.
Why camp in your car?
It's cheaper than a hotel room – and no reservations needed!
It provides flexibility on long trips and allows for spontaneity.
If you've been drinking, it's safer than driving home.
It's adventurous and fun!
Car Camping Tips and Considerations
Car camping at a rest stop (with bonus sleepy puppy)
Since you will be more exposed to the elements and public places, there are some things you'll need to take into account to make sure you can camp safely and successfully.
Know where you can and can't park. These are some locations that are typically safe for car camping: Big box store parking lots. In large parking lots that don't have pay parking, you're likely to not be bothered. The more discreet you are, the better. Plus, if you park at a 24 hour store like Walmart, you will have bathrooms right nearby. For more tips on this, check out A Guide to Car-Camping – in Walmart Parking Lots from The Morning Fresh. Rest stops. That's what they're for! Public parks. Beware of parks that close at sunset. Churches and other religious buildings. Residential neighborhoods. Don't park too close to any houses – you don't want homeowners to notice you and get concerned. Pick the most inconspicuous spot you can. Always check signage and be aware of laws or policies related to car camping before settling in for the night.
These are some locations that are typically safe for car camping: Always check signage and be aware of laws or policies related to car camping before settling in for the night. Locate the nearest bathrooms. You won't want to search for them in the middle of the night, so know where they are ahead of time. It's always a good idea to keep toilet paper packed in case there are no facilities.
You won't want to search for them in the middle of the night, so know where they are ahead of time. It's always a good idea to keep toilet paper packed in case there are no facilities. Ventilation is crucial. Keep the windows cracked slighty, even if it's really cold. Airflow will prevent you waking up to a damp, muggy cabin. Keeping a small battery operated fan on also helps, especially during warmer months.
Keep the windows cracked slighty, even if it's really cold. Airflow will prevent you waking up to a damp, muggy cabin. Keeping a small battery operated fan on also helps, especially during warmer months. Sleep in the back seat OR fold your back seats down to sleep in the back of the car. Take advantage of lying down if you can – it will be more comfortable that sleeping upright in a seat. Also, make sure that your head is positioned at whichever end of the car is higher up to prevent waking up with a headache.
Take advantage of lying down if you can – it will be more comfortable that sleeping upright in a seat. Also, make sure that your head is positioned at whichever end of the car is higher up to prevent waking up with a headache. Roof storage is a lifesaver. If you have room in your budget, invest in rooftop storage, like a Thule or another type of rack. It will keep your extra supplies out of the way, leaving you with more room to get comfortable.
If you have room in your budget, invest in rooftop storage, like a Thule or another type of rack. It will keep your extra supplies out of the way, leaving you with more room to get comfortable. Carry a method of self-defense. I keep a form of self-defense with me for peace of mind and in case any snoopers come along. Setting off your car alarm at the first sign of danger is also effective to scare off any unwanted visitors.
I keep a form of self-defense with me for peace of mind and in case any snoopers come along. Setting off your car alarm at the first sign of danger is also effective to scare off any unwanted visitors. Be ready to flee quickly. If you end up in a place where you aren't supposed to park, be ready to leave to avoid trouble. Keep the driver's seat clear so you can take off immediately.
Car Camping Supplies
You can typically sleep in your car without too much equipment. However, I've found the following supplies to be quite helpful for camping more comfortably and conveniently.
Sleeping pad/mattress. There are many options here depending on your budget and the size of your car. I've tried out the following: Good: Blankets. Grab 2 or 3 blankets. Use a couple to line the area where you will sleep and the remaining ones as covers. Heated blankets for the car will keep you toasty in the winter. Better: A self-inflating mat, sleeping pad, or sleeping bag. Best: SUV air mattress. Yes, they make air mattresses designed specifically for cars! I highly recommend this SUV air mattress on Amazon. It fits perfectly in my Subaru Crosstrek, and I've also leant it to friends with smaller cars who say it's been a good fit for them too.
There are many options here depending on your budget and the size of your car. I've tried out the following: “Car-go” Net. This is a little trick I came up with to create extra storage that's easily accessible while sleeping in the car. Take a small cargo net (15" x 30" works well) and hook it to the ceiling handles of your car. You now have an instant storage area for light items such as pillows, clothes, or water bottles. “Car-go” net for extra storage
This is a little trick I came up with to create extra storage that's easily accessible while sleeping in the car. Take a small cargo net (15" x 30" works well) and hook it to the ceiling handles of your car. You now have an instant storage area for light items such as pillows, clothes, or water bottles. Warm clothes. Even during the warmer times of year, don't underestimate how low the temperature can dip at night. Keep one more layer than you think you'll need – you may thank yourself later.
Even during the warmer times of year, don't underestimate how low the temperature can dip at night. Keep one more layer than you think you'll need – you may thank yourself later. Window shades and/or privacy curtains. Privacy is a compromise made when car camping, but using sunshades or curtains can help create a private space. You can also hang sheets or towels. Sunshades and ShadeSox for privacy
You're now ready to hit the road. Have fun, be safe, and enjoy the adventurousness and sponteneity of car camping!
Despite the release of Windows Phone 8 in October, Microsoft still has long way to go to catch up to Apple and Google in the mobile market. And in the firm's latest ad campaign, it shows.
In a new series of videos posted on YouTube Monday, Microsoft rep Ben Rudolph hits the streets and pitches Windows Phone 8 individually to iPhone and Android lovers, in an effort to convince them that their phones are just terrible.
For example, Rudolph shows a woman named "Melissa" that the HTC 8X posts on Facebook and Twitter faster than the iPhone 4S, thanks apparently to Window Phone 8's nifty live tile feature. He shows "Sarah" that the Nokia Lumia 920 takes brighter and crisper pictures than Apple's phone. And he shows a whole group of parents with various smartphones how Windows Phone 8's "Kid's Corner" lets children play on their phones without being able to accidentally delete apps or search for anything inappropriate.
Unsurprisingly, every "participant" in the ad campaign decides to switch to Microsoft.
The thrust of the videos is that consumers will just love the Windows Phone 8 experience -- if only they could get their hands on it. But that calls to mind an unfortunate fact for Microsoft: Windows Phone's share of the worldwide smartphone market was a slim 3.6 percent in the third quarter of 2012, according to research firm IDC. Together, Apple and Google own 89.9 percent of the market with their iOS and Android operating systems, respectively.
Against those odds, maybe Microsoft needs to recruit new customers one by one.
Watch the ads below:
What if I told you that one pick could change the entire 2016 Draft?
Dolphins Sideline Report and 30 for 30 present: The Pick that shook the 2016 Draft.
Within the last five days, the entire draft as we know it may have hit its first monumental landslide. It's name? Robert Griffin III.
According to contract details obtained by USA TODAY Sports' Tom Pelissero, the deal is worth an estimated $15 million over two years, with a max value of $22 million.
Though there is one catch; 10 percent of his pay is tied to being on the game-day roster.
In Griffin's $7.5 million base salary, $750,000 is tied to Griffin's ability to suit up every Sunday as part of the active 46-man roster. For each game that he's not on the active, $46,875 is deducted.
While the next part is completely hypothetical, if the Browns and new head coach Hue Jackson believes the former second overall pick from Baylor can be resurrected in Cleveland, would that pull Carson Wentz off the Browns' board? What exactly would this move do for the rest of the top-10? Would Cleveland trade down?
Most importantly what would this mean for the Miami Dolphins, who now sit at 13?
In two Mocks Drafts posted below, I will break down the consequences this possible draft option “could” have on the Miami Dolphins.
Mock With QB At Two:
Rob Rang CBS Sports Mock Draft
1.Tennessee Titans: Laremy Tunsil, T, Ole Miss
2.Cleveland Browns: Carson Wentz, QB, North Dakota State
3.San Diego Chargers: DeForest Buckner, DE, Oregon
4.Dallas Cowboys: Jared Goff, QB, California
5. Jacksonville Jaguars: Myles Jack, LB, UCLA
6.Baltimore Ravens: Ronnie Stanley, T, Notre Dame
7. San Francisco 49ers: Jalen Ramsey, CB/S, Florida State
8.Philadelphia Eagles: Ezekiel Elliott, RB, Ohio State
9.Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Joey Bosa, DE, Ohio State
10. New York Giants: Jack Conklin, OT, Michigan State
11. Chicago Bears: Jarran Reed, DL, Alabama
12. New Orleans Saints Darron Lee, OLB, Ohio State:
13. Miami Dolphins: Vernon Hargreaves III, CB, Florida
19. Buffalo Bills: Robert Nkemdiche, DE, Ole Miss
20. New York Jets: Leonard Floyd, OLB, Georgia:
Now let's compare this to a mock not taking Wentz at the No.2 spot overall.
Mock Without QB at 2:
Dan Thomas FanSided Mock Draft
1.Tennessee Titans: Laremy Tunsil, T, Ole Miss
2.Cleveland Browns: Jalen Ramsey, CB/S, Florida State
3.San Diego Chargers: Ronnie Stanley, T, Notre Dame
4.Dallas Cowboys: Joey Bosa, DE, Ohio State
5.Jacksonville Jaguars: Myles Jack, LB, UCLA
6.Baltimore Ravens: DeForest Buckner, DE, Oregon
7.San Francisco 49ers: Jared Goff, QB,California
8.Philadelphia Eagles: Vernon Hargreaves III, CB, Florida
9.Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Shaq Lawson, DE, Clemson
10.New York Giants: Laquon Treadwell,WR, Ole Miss
11. Chicago Bears: Noah Spence, DE, Eastern Kentucky
12. New Orleans Saints: A'Shawn Robinso, DE, Alabama
13. Miami Dolphins: Ezekiel Elliott, RB, Ohio State
19. Buffalo Bills: Darron Lee, OLB, Ohio State:
20. New York Jets: Mackensie Alexander, CB, Clemson
Why this works for Cleveland
The Browns gave up 34 passing touchdowns, and averaged an opposing quarterback rating of 101.8 in 2015 (third worst in the NFL). With safety Tashaun Gipson now in Jacksonville, veteran Tramon Williams' weekly struggles in coverage, and the possibility of Pro-Bowl corner Joe Haden being unavailable due to injury come week-one, the addition of Florida State star Jalen Ramsey actually makes a lot more sense then many would think.
In drafting Ramsey the Browns get a prototypical sized press­ cover corner, who can also play safety. His size, (HT: 6'1″ WT: 209LBS) elite leaping abilities, and instincts in press coverage are unmatched in this 2016 class. Ramsey's tackling abilities and insane completion rate of just 38.5 percent will greatly help a team that allowed opposing QB's to complete 63 percent of their passes.
What this means for Miami
In the Mock Drafts shown above, the Miami Dolphins' actually select exactly who they want: Vernon Hargreaves III or Ezekiel Elliott.
After swapping draft picks with the Philadelphia Eagles(Dolphins moved from 8 to 13) for Byron Maxwell and Kiko Alonso, it seemed need finally exceeded want and Football Czar Mike Tannenbaum seized the opportunity to add quality starters into the Dolphins' defensive line-up.
The Problem?
Mock Drafts aren't reality!
Like Todd Gurley in 2015; the smoke screens have been set for both VH3 and Elliott . Do the Miami Dolphins want/need Ezekiel Elliott and Vernon Hargreaves? Absolutely, and other teams know that.
The Eagles who currently sit at the 8th overall pick, could be a possible suitor for the Ohio State running back. After moving on from both LeSean McCoy and Demarco Murray, the Eagles are now left with a vital decision. Start Ryan Matthews (12 starts in 2 seasons) or take the best running back in draft. By trading picks with the Dolphins, the Eagles can now comfortably select without the risk of Miami stealing their pick.
Other Suitor for Elliott: New York Giants
Then there are the Buccaneers.
Vernon Hargreaves stated in a 2016 combine interview that his favorite cornerback in the NFL is Brent Grimes; “His tenacity, and he can do anything. He can press, he can play off, he's fast, and he makes plays and gets the ball out.”
Grimes, who now plays for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, is in dire need of a CB2. Who better to pair Brent Grimes with then a player who play much like the 33-year old veteran?
Hargreaves, like Grimes uses his polished skills and smooth controlled coverage to beat stronger, more physical receivers. Hargreaves was spotted in the cleats in photo below at his Pro-Day, and
the fact that Hargreaves is from Tampa, Florida also adds incentive for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to draft their future star corner.
Other Suitor for Hargreaves: Baltimore Ravens
In multiple draft scenarios, Miami's decision to trade down, could greatly effect the outcome of who gets selected. While there is a chance that either falls to 13. You should remember that anything can happen on draft day, and there's a strong possibility the Miami Dolphins' may be left with best case-scenarios.
Recently, I got a database MySQL dump and I was thinking of importing it into elasticsearch.
The first idea which pops up was:
install MySQL
import the database
read the database with Logstash and import into elasticsearch
drop the database
uninstall MySQL
Well. I found that some of the steps are really not needed.
I can actually use ELK stack and create a simple recipe which can be used to import SQL dump scripts without needing to actually load the data to a database and then read it again from the database.
Let's do it!
Parsing SQL script with logstash
I exported some data from a MySQL example database I have. You can download the same data.
SQL Insert script
Our objects are split on 3 tables but we are not going to do joins here. We will only import data from Person table.
Let's look at the important lines of the script:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 -- -- Table structure for table `Person` -- DROP TABLE IF EXISTS ` Person ` ; /*!40101 SET @saved_cs_client = @@character_set_client */ ; /*!40101 SET character_set_client = utf8 */ ; CREATE TABLE ` Person ` ( ` id ` int ( 11 ) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT , ` children ` int ( 11 ) DEFAULT NULL , ` dateOfBirth ` datetime DEFAULT NULL , ` gender ` varchar ( 255 ) DEFAULT NULL , ` name ` varchar ( 255 ) DEFAULT NULL , ` reference ` varchar ( 255 ) DEFAULT NULL , ` address_id ` int ( 11 ) DEFAULT NULL , ` marketing_id ` int ( 11 ) DEFAULT NULL , PRIMARY KEY ( ` id ` ), KEY ` FK_tagx64iglr1dxpalbgothv83r ` ( ` address_id ` ), KEY ` FK_j4ifv49erkwul9jruu15o40r4 ` ( ` marketing_id ` ), CONSTRAINT ` FK_j4ifv49erkwul9jruu15o40r4 ` FOREIGN KEY ( ` marketing_id ` ) REFERENCES ` Marketing ` ( ` id ` ), CONSTRAINT ` FK_tagx64iglr1dxpalbgothv83r ` FOREIGN KEY ( ` address_id ` ) REFERENCES ` Address ` ( ` id ` ) ) ENGINE = InnoDB AUTO_INCREMENT = 10001 DEFAULT CHARSET = utf8 ; /*!40101 SET character_set_client = @saved_cs_client */ ; -- -- Dumping data for table `Person` -- LOCK TABLES ` Person ` WRITE ; /*!40000 ALTER TABLE `Person` DISABLE KEYS */ ; INSERT INTO ` Person ` VALUES ( 1 , 4 , '1944-07-21 00:00:00' , 'male' , 'Joe Smith' , '0' , 1 , 1 ),...,( 10000 , 0 , '2009-09-10 00:00:00' , 'female' , 'Stephanie Rebecca' , '9999' , 10000 , 10000 ); /*!40000 ALTER TABLE `Person` ENABLE KEYS */ ;
Two important sections in this file:
CREATE TABLE gives us all column titles
gives us all column titles INSERT INTO are our data
In a real backup with much more data than that, you will probably have more than one single INSERT INTO line.
We basically need here to ignore the first 108 lines of our backup at first.
Let's look then at the first line:
1 cat person.sql | head -109 | tail -1
1 INSERT INTO ` Person ` VALUES ( 1 , 4 , '1944-07-21 00:00:00' , 'male' , 'Joe Smith' , '0' , 1 , 1 ),...,( 10000 , 0 , '2009-09-10 00:00:00' , 'female' , 'Stephanie Rebecca' , '9999' , 10000 , 10000 );
Read it with logstash
What we need to do here is to split each line with the following pattern:
1 INSERT INTO ` Person ` VALUES ( DATA ),( DATA ), *** ,( DATA );
We can create a mysql.conf for logstash to parse this. As usual, start with an “empty” one:
1 2 3 4 5 6 input { stdin {} } filter { } output { stdout { codec => rubydebug } }
Then, let's ignore the INSERT INTO ... part and extract the data in a new field named extracted_sql . Let's use a grok filter for that:
1 2 3 4 5 6 grok { match => { "message" => "INSERT INTO \`Person\` VALUES (%{GREEDYDATA:extracted_sql})" } remove_field => "message" }
Execute it:
1 cat person.sql | head -109 | tail -1 | bin/logstash -f mysql.conf
It gives something like this:
1 2 3 4 5 6 { "@version" => "1" , "@timestamp" => "2015-09-14T07:32:43.495Z" , "host" => "MacBook-Air-de-David.local" , "extracted_sql" => "(..),..(..); }
We now need to split extracted_sql in multiple events. Let's add a split filter:
1 2 3 4 split { terminator => "),(" field => "extracted_sql" }
Launch again and it now gives one event per table line:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 { "@version" => "1" , "@timestamp" => "2015-09-14T07:38:34.489Z" , "host" => "MacBook-Air-de-David.local" , "extracted_sql" => "1,4,'1944-07-21 00:00:00','male','Joe Smith','0',1,1" } // . . . { "@version" => "1" , "@timestamp" => "2015-09-14T07:37:25.729Z" , "host" => "MacBook-Air-de-David.local" , "extracted_sql" => "8906,3,'1958-12-17 00:00:00','male','Gautier Titouan','8905',8906,8906" } // . . . { "@version" => "1" , "@timestamp" => "2015-09-14T07:38:34.489Z" , "host" => "MacBook-Air-de-David.local" , "extracted_sql" => "10000,0,'2009-09-10 00:00:00','female','Stephanie Rebecca','9999',10000,10000" }
Sounds like we have now a CSV structure… We can either use a CSV filter or a GROK filter.
Grok gives more flexibility because it helps to define the right data type you want for each field. The CSV filter can not directly do it at the moment. Grok can do it but it's based on regular expressions and it's a way slower than the CSV filter which is optimized to parse CSV content. So I'm trading here flexibility and ease to use for performance.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 csv { source => "extracted_sql" quote_char => "'" columns => [ "id" , "children" , "dateOfBirth" , "gender" , "name" , "reference" , "address_id" , "marketing_id" ] remove_field => "extracted_sql" }
Deal with NULL
If you have to deal with NULL values, just add before the CSV filter:
1 2 3 4 5 mutate { gsub => [ "extracted_sql" , "NULL" , "" ] }
Select a timestamp
We also have some dates in various formats:
1 2 "@timestamp" => "2015-09-14T07:38:34.489Z" , "dateOfBirth" => "2009-09-10 00:00:00"
dateOfBirth is obviously the creation date. @timestamp is as always the internal logstash timestamp. We want dateOfBirth to become our event date.
1 2 3 4 date { match => [ "dateOfBirth" , "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss" ] remove_field => "dateOfBirth" }
Drop the header
Nice so far. But what about the header part?
Well we have our first grok pattern which tries to parse INSERT ... so if it fails, it will generate a _grokparsefailure tag. We can drop each line which contains that:
1 2 3 4 # Just after the grok filter if "_grokparsefailure" in [ tags ] { drop { } }
We can now run our logstash configuration on the full file:
1 cat person.sql | bin/logstash -f mysql.conf
Cleanup
We output for now:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 { "@version" => "1" , "@timestamp" => "1967-01-17T23:00:00.000Z" , "host" => "MacBook-Air-de-David.local" , "id" => "9999" , "children" => "1" , "gender" => "female" , "name" => "Laetitia Lois" , "reference" => "9998" , "address_id" => "9999" , "marketing_id" => "9999" }
We don't need to keep @version and host fields:
1 2 3 mutate { remove_field => [ "@version" , "host" ] }
It gives:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 { "@timestamp" => "1967-01-17T23:00:00.000Z" , "id" => "9999" , "children" => "1" , "gender" => "female" , "name" => "Laetitia Lois" , "reference" => "9998" , "address_id" => "9999" , "marketing_id" => "9999" }
Connect to elasticsearch
Not the hardest part. But may be because I'm practicing elasticsearch for almost 5 years :)!
For new comers, you have to:
download. 1.7.1 was the latest at this moment.
unzip: tar xzf elasticsearch-1.7.1.tar.gz
install marvel: bin/plugin install elasticsearch/marvel/latest
launch: bin/elasticsearch
And connect logstash…
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 output { elasticsearch { host => "localhost" port => "9200" protocol => "http" index => "persons-%{+YYYY}" document_type => "person" document_id => "%{id}" template => "person.json" template_name => "person" } stdout { codec => "dots" } }
Note that we send documents grouped by year in an index named persons-YEAR4DIGITS , using type person and with the original id as the document _id .
person.json file contains our template. We define that we use 1 single shard, that we don't need _all field and some other settings:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 { "template" : "persons-*" , "order" : 1 , "settings" : { "number_of_shards" : 1 }, "mappings" : { "_default_" : { "_all" : { "enabled" : false }, "dynamic_templates" : [ { "string_fields" : { "match" : "*" , "match_mapping_type" : "string" , "mapping" : { "type" : "string" , "index" : "analyzed" , "omit_norms" : true , "fields" : { "raw" : { "type" : "string" , "index" : "not_analyzed" , "ignore_above" : 256 } } } } } ] }, "person" : { "properties" : { "id" : { "type" : "long" , "index" : "no" } } } } }
Launch!
1 cat person.sql | bin/logstash -f mysql.conf
If you want to increase the injection rate, just add more workers to logstash:
National security adviser Michael Flynn sits in the front row before the start of a news conference in the White House on Feb. 10. (Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press)
Michael Flynn's real problem isn't the Logan Act, an obscure and probably unenforceable 1799 statute that bars private meddling in foreign policy disputes. It's whether President Trump's national security adviser sought to hide from his colleagues and the nation a pre-inauguration discussion with the Russian government about sanctions that the Obama administration was imposing.
“It's far less significant if he violated the Logan Act and far more significant if he willfully misled this country,” said Rep. Adam B. Schiff (Calif.), the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, in a telephone interview late Friday. “Why would he conceal the nature of the call unless he was conscious of wrongdoing?”
Schiff said the FBI and congressional intelligence committees should investigate whether Flynn discussed with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in late December the imminent imposition of sanctions, and whether he encrypted any of those communications in what might have been an effort to avoid monitoring. Schiff said that if some conversations were recorded by U.S. intelligence agencies, “we should be able to rapidly tell if Gen. Flynn was being truthful” when he told Vice President Pence and other colleagues that sanctions weren't discussed.
Flynn's contacts with Kislyak were first disclosed in my Jan. 12 Post column, so I have a window on the events surrounding that disclosure. I reported that, according to a senior U.S. government official, Flynn had phoned Kislyak several times on Dec. 29, the day the Obama administration announced the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats in retaliation for the Kremlin's hacking attack during the 2016 presidential campaign.
“What did Flynn say, and did it undercut the U.S. sanctions?” the column asked. We still don't know the answers to those questions — but new reporting has made them more pertinent than ever. Flynn needs to clarify what happened, or risk losing his credibility with National Security Council colleagues and the public.
White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller on Feb. 12 declined to say if President Trump still trusts national security adviser Michael Flynn. Meanwhile, Democrats scolded Flynn after The Washington Post reported that Flynn discussed sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. during the transition of power. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
The Flynn-Kislyak contacts gained new attention when The Post reported Thursday that the FBI was continuing to examine Flynn's communications with the Russian official, and that the two men had discussed U.S. sanctions, contrary to the Trump team's denials.
The possibility that Flynn violated the Logan Act was noted in that January column. But Flynn's defenders reasonably countered that there were good public-policy reasons for a future national security adviser to talk with the ambassador of a major power about future policies. That's one reason the Logan Act has never been enforced.
The harder question is whether Flynn was open about his conversations, which Flynn should have known would probably be controversial, especially given his past interaction, including a paid speech, with Russia Today, a Kremlin mouthpiece.
The White House needs to clarify several anomalies. Perhaps these are just the missteps that afflict any new White House team, but they're puzzling, at best.
Why did the Trump team give slow, initially conflicting and apparently incomplete accounts of the conversation? A Trump campaign spokesman forwarded my request for comment to Flynn's team on Jan. 12, about seven hours before the column appeared. But there was no response until the next morning, when a colleague of Flynn's said the retired lieutenant general had talked with Kislyak sometime between Dec. 27 and Dec. 29.
About an hour later, Trump press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed the Flynn-Kislyak contacts in a public briefing, but said they had come in texts on Dec. 25 and in a phone conversation Dec. 28, when it was widely reported sanctions were imminent. Sources continued to tell the Associated Press that day that there had been a call on Dec. 29.
The crucial question is what Flynn and Kislyak discussed. The Flynn associate told me initially that the two explored timing of a future conversation between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin. A Trump campaign spokesman told me several hours later that Kislyak had also told Flynn that a Trump representative should attend a peace conference on Syria that would take place after the inauguration in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Various Trump team members said Flynn hadn't talked to Kislyak about the sanctions that were being announced near-simultaneously with the communications, whichever date you choose. That's apparently what Flynn told Pence, too. But this denial became inoperative Thursday, when a spokesman said Flynn “indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up.”
A national security adviser's success depends on maintaining trust, especially with his White House colleagues. After Flynn's changing statements about a sensitive issue, he has a trust deficit that can only be filled with a full accounting of what happened — one that is consistent with any record that was compiled by U.S. intelligence agencies of his calls with Kislyak.
HSBC faces a massive fine for failing to properly implement anti-money laundering controls in the US, following an explosive hearing in which the bank's head of compliance for around a decade, David Bagley, resigned in front of the Senate.
The Senate's subcommittee on investigates had focused on five areas of abuse by the bank:
"Servicing High Risk Affiliates". HSBC's US subsidiary, HBUS, took some responsibilities from its Mexican one, and "treated it as a low risk client, despite its location in a country facing money laundering and drug trafficking challenges", as the Senate put it. As just one example of a red flag which ought to have been raised, the Mexican bank shipped $7bn in physical U.S. dollars to HBUS from 2007 to 2008, outstripping banks even twice its size. The Senate alleges that HSBC should have known that this money was likely to come from drug sales.
"Circumventing OFAC [Office of Foreign Assets Control] Safeguards". Non-American HSBC subsidiaries actively circumvented government-imposed safeguards "designed to block transactions involving terrorists, drug lords, and rogue regimes", by, for example, sending "nearly 25,000 transactions involving $19.4 billion" through HBUS accounts over seven years without disclosing those transactions' links to Iran.
"Disregarding Terrorist Financing Links". The Senate argues that HBUS shouldn't have been banking in Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh due to the high volume of terrorism-related financing that occurs there.
"Clearing Suspicious Bulk Traveler's Checks". Over four years, HSBC cleared $29m in "obviously suspicious" traveler's cheques for an unnamed Japanese bank, for the aid of Russians "who claimed to be in the used car business".
"Offering Bearer Share Accounts". HSBC offered thousands of accounts to companies which practice "bearer share dealing", where the equity in the company is legally owned by whoever holds ("bears") the share certificate. For obvious reasons, these stocks are hugely useful for money laundering because their ownership can be transferred without creating any sort of trail.
On the one hand, it is impossible to actually say whether or not HSBC engaged in money laundering themselves. The circumstantial evidence makes it seem highly likely that customers of theirs did, and their failure to perform proper checks means that those customers got away with it for much longer than they ought to, but it remains unclear if HSBC actually knew that they were doing it.
Of course, what HSBC did know is that they weren't properly checking. And if you want to allow something without actually allowing it, the best way to do so is loudly announce "I'll just be closing my eyes and sticking my fingers in my ears for the next five minutes, and I certainly wouldn't want anyone to do anything illegal in that time".
Just like the Libor scandal, most of what HSBC is in trouble for actually happened half a decade ago. The bank itself was aware of problems with its Mexican subsidiary in 2007, when it sent in a high-level executive, Paul Thurston, to clear up the mess, but its taken a full decade for the Senate's investigations to bear fruit. Now that they have broken cover, though, HSBC is in for a rough ride indeed.
Canada's oil and gas industry is “losing the war” against anti-hydrocarbon activism as the balance of power tilts in favour of project opponents, says the head of Quebec's Oil and Gas Association.
Limits-to-growth and other social movements that sprouted out of such events as Niagara Falls, N.Y.'s Love Canal disaster in the 1970s have been “hammering away” at industry and government over three decades, Michael Binnion said Monday in an interview at the association's annual meeting in Montreal.
“I think they are doing some good, getting us focused on what we could do better and should do better,” Mr. Binnion said. “But when we let the power oppose become bigger than the power to propose, we have a problem in society. And [that is happening].”
When we let the power oppose become bigger than the power to propose, we have a problem in society
From pipeline proposals in British Columbia to efforts to develop Quebec's shale gas deposits in the St. Lawrence lowlands, there is no shortage of oil and gas-related projects that have drawn the attacks of activists in Canada. Even the least problematic are now assailed, Mr. Binnion said.
One investment banker added that investors are “more comfortable” putting money into oil and gas projects in Iraq and Africa than into Quebec projects.
“We have a real problem in our industry,” Mr. Binnion said. “We are losing the war and we are losing the winning conditions that we have taken for granted for 100 years or more. [By] winning conditions I mean that you have a political culture and a political environment where your projects are welcomed and succeed subject to being good projects.
“We do not have those conditions in Quebec. Even a very good project three years ago was not welcomed. And I think we're seeing across the country some very good projects that are not welcome.”
Mr. Binnion's comments come one year after his predecessor as Quebec Oil and Gas Association president, former Quebec premier Lucien Bouchard, shared similar thoughts on the growing power of environmental activists and the increasing difficulty companies have winning social licence for their resource development plans. “Society has invented a new religion,” Mr. Bouchard said in October 2012, namely the belief that man is wrecking the planet and the world should return to a more natural state.
Mr. Bouchard is a lawyer and former politician. Mr. Binnion, as chief executive officer of Calgary-based exploration and production company Questerre Energy Corp., is a business executive. But their fear is the same: That billions of dollars worth of economic value and spinoff taxation will lie stranded in Canada, and particularly in Quebec, if current trends continue.
Quebec has immense pools of oil and natural gas, but almost all of it remains untapped. There's an estimated 155 trillion cubic feet (tcf) of natural gas lodged in shale rock alone, of which about one-fifth is recoverable. Questerre's share is pegged at 4.43 tcf.
When the Quebec government imposed a de facto moratorium on shale gas drilling and fracturing two years ago after significant public protest over environmental and safety concerns, several producers active in the province decamped. Millions in market capitalization were destroyed.
What remains today is a collection of junior companies waiting for the government go-ahead to drill, on a largely exploratory basis, for conventional and unconventional oil on Anticosti Island and elsewhere; and a shale gas sector that's given up on near-term development and moved on.
“Investors are very used to the risk of exploration,” said Thomas Korsdalen of Norwegian investment bank Pareto Securities, which helped Questerre raise about $200-million for projects including shale gas in Quebec. “I mean often times you don't find the gas or oil. But we have never experienced this: That you find what you are looking for [and then it doesn't get developed]. You find a pot of gold and you're not allowed to touch it.”
Mr. Korsdalen said Pareto is involved in raising money for oil companies working in Iraq, Kurdistan and Africa. “That feels a lot more comfortable [for investors] than putting in any more money in Quebec right now,” he said. “I think it would be very hard for me today to go out and raise any money for any project in Quebec.”
National Post
• Email: nvanpraet@nationalpost.com
FREMONT (CBS SF) – Todd Myers could hardly believe his eyes.
There sitting on a rock in a creek off a hiking trail in Niles Canyon was a 4 1/2-foot-long alligator sunning itself.
“This is crazy,” he said of the encounter as he walked with his two teenage daughters. “Craziest thing I've ever seen.”
To make sure others would believe him, Myers shot cellphone video of the gator.
“He was kind of looking at us and every once in awhile he would move his right leg,” Myers said. “I got a video of it. And we just watched him for about 20 minutes. And then he slithered off.”
Myers called the authorities and led them back to the creek bed.
“I brought them back,” he said. “The alligator was back on the rock. So then we went to the other side of the bushes … We went the long way around and then we tried to hike back inside and come in behind it. And soon as we came up behind him, he moved back into the water.”
A city of Fremont Animal Services officer confirmed the sighting to KPIX 5.
Alligators are not native to California so the gator may have been set loose by someone who kept it as a pet.
Alameda County Sheriff's Office taking over the search for the gator and it was located at 11:30 a.m. Tuesday and turned over to agents from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
1) Derby County 2-0 Nottingham Forest (FA Cup third round, 8 January 1983)
Probably the best place to start, trying to get some context about the level of spite that surrounded this match, is afterwards in the dressing room when Brian Clough is jabbing a finger at one of his players and accusing him of taking a bribe from Peter Taylor to throw the game.
Clough's relationship with Taylor, a 17-year working association that began under the leaking rafters of Hartlepools and took them to two European Cups with Forest, had already broken down, irretrievably. The laughter had stopped. Taylor was supposed to have retired, taking his leave from Forest, only to turn up at Derby. In Clough's mind, Derby was his territory. Taylor was suddenly a menace. He called him a "rattlesnake" and a "snake in the grass". He tore him to shreds in various newspaper columns. "If I was driving along the A52 between Derby and Nottingham and saw Taylor broken down, thumbing a lift, I wouldn't pick him up," he said. "I'd run him over."
Years later, he regretted those remarks. Standing in the church for Taylor's funeral, he wished he could take them all back. Yet back then, Clough's obsession with his old pal could be measured by what he said to Willie Young, the Forest central defender. "Just do one thing for me, Willie. Play well in this match and I won't ask another thing of you."
Forest, fourth in the First Division, were abysmal. Derby, 22nd in the league below, caused the shock of the third round, with a former City Ground great, Archie Gemmill, curling in a beauty direct from a free-kick.
Afterwards the Forest players remember it being the angriest they have ever seen Clough. "It had completely blown his mind," Young would say. "I've never seen him under so much pressure."
It didn't help that Clough left the ground at the same time that Young was talking to Taylor outside. "His face was purple," Young said. "I shook hands with Pete and then got on the coach. Clough ran to the back where I was sitting and wagged his finger at me: 'Did you shake hands with that shithouse Taylor?'
"He ran to the front of the bus repeating those words then ran to the back again. Then he got off the bus and ran round the back pointing up at me through the window: 'That's the last thing you ever do at this club.' He was a like a man possessed."
2) Nottingham Forest 2-1 Derby County (First Division, 30 August 1989)
Stuart Pearce understood the rivalry. "No disrespect to Derby," he said once. "But I have to say I could never work for that club in any capacity. And I mean never. People might say I'm being ridiculous but that's just the way it is. Even if I was desperate. Even if they were the only club around, I couldn't do it. I'd rather go on the dole and take my chances."
All of which brings us to the start of the 1989-90 season. The previous year Pearce had clattered into Ted McMinn and, as they lay in a heap, the temptation was too much for old Psycho. "I bit him right on the nipple." So it's fair to say there was lingering bad blood. And Pearce being Pearce, he made sure to get his retaliation in first.
It wasn't the worst tackle he ever committed. For that, you would probably have to refer to a home game against Arsenal when he almost snapped David Rocastle in two. But it was in the top five definitely – late, scything, old school, one for the crowd. Get the physio on.
McMinn had been expecting it. His team-mate Mark Wright had already tipped him off. "He'd warned me I'd better watch my back as Psycho was bragging at a recent England game he was going to take me out."
What nobody had really expected was Brian Rice getting in on the act. Rice, for those who may not remember him, was often seen as a weak link in Clough's second great team, thin and gangly with a shock of ginger hair and a capacity for drifting out of matches he had never really drifted into.
He played on the left wing, rarely liked to tackle and for a couple of years was the player the crowd liked the least. And yet he grew to have cult-hero status, whereby they still sing his name now. One, because of an exquisite chipped goal he scored at Arsenal in the 1988 FA Cup quarter-final. And, two, because of that game against Derby. Of everything that has happened between these clubs over the years, it is difficult to think there has even a more calculated, cynical and X-rated challenge than the one Rice perpetrated on poor McMinn. The Derby player was forced off in the end. "Battered and bruised," he remembers.
3) Nottingham Forest 2-3 Derby County (FA Cup fourth-round replay 4 February 2009)
You may have noticed the common theme so far: a fair bit of aggro and not a great deal about actual football. It's not deliberate. There have just been very few classics between these sides over the years.
This, however, was a humdinger of a match and, for Derby, perhaps their most satisfying win against the old rivals. A 4-1 rout at the Baseball Ground in 1979, when Forest were the champions of Europe, pushes it close. Yet Derby were relegated that season, which tends to tarnish the memories of Peter Shilton's flapping that day and the 3-0 lead they put together in the space of five minutes.
In 2009, however, they had not won at the City Ground since October 1971. They were behind after 57 seconds and it was 2-0 after 13 minutes. Forest were all over them.
Then Derby cleared their heads and turned the game upside down.
Rob Hulse's header gave them hope before half-time. Paul Green equalised on the hour and then Kris Commons, of all people, completed the recovery with a deflected left-footer. Commons used to boast of being an avid Forest supporter. Of all the ways for Forest to lose, it's difficult to imagine one more harrowing than one of their own inflicting the final, decisive blow.
4) Derby County 0-2 Nottingham Forest (Football League First Division, 27 April 1994)
One of those nights that reminds you that the Baseball Ground, at night, under the floodlights, was a great place to watch football compared to some of the soulless bowls we get now.
It was the year after Brian Clough, face bloated and pockmarked through the ravages of drink, had retired and Forest were now under the management of Frank Clark, looking good to get straight back into the Premier League. A win would virtually guarantee it. Derby, however, were in the playoffs and trying to stop their arch-rivals from getting automatic promotion.
They also had a right-back, Gary Charles, who had joined them from Forest the previous summer. Charles made 56 appearances in the Garibaldi red. Yet he also had a habit in his early years of making dodgy back-passes – and he took it with him to his new club.
Forest were leading through Colin Cooper's free-kick when Charles turned to play the ball back to his goalkeeper, Martin Taylor, and found himself under pressure from Steve Stone. Suddenly a routine piece of defensive work had turned into something very different. Stone used to be known as "Bulldog" because of the way he chased down opponents.
Charles would have known all about that. But he was too casual. That was always his problem at Forest – and Stone stuck out a foot. Charles wasn't looking precisely where he was aiming the ball and, suddenly, everything went into slow motion … the ball had gone over Taylor's head and into the net. Two-nil. As own goals go, a beauty.
The 5-2 thumping in 2010 might be Forest's stand-out result in the post-war era but that night at the Baseball Ground had far greater consequence. It was Forest's last win on that muddy old pitch before it closed for business. Their promotion was confirmed three days later.
5) Nottingham Forest 3-2 Derby County (Championship, 29 August 2009)
We can blame Nathan Tyson for this one – though there are people at Forest who still argue to this day there is a crucial difference between someone waving a corner flag as he runs past the away end and someone doing it directly at the away supporters.
Either way, Tyson landed a £5,000 fine from the FA despite his protestations that he had merely intended to go over to the A-block section of the City Ground, where the most boisterous Forest supporters are housed.
He never got that far, of course, because once he picked up the flag all hell broke loose.
Robbie Savage accused him of "mindless incitement", saying the striker was lucky not to start a riot. Forest's response was that Savage had been pretty provocative himself with his own celebrations after a Derby win at the City Ground the previous season. These clubs, you quickly learn, do tit-for-tat pretty well. The FA fined the two clubs. Tyson, meanwhile, joined Derby two years later.
6) Derby County 1-0 Nottingham Forest (Championship, 30 January 2010)
Nigel Clough – lovely, polite, smiling Nigel Clough. Most of the time, anyway. A few years ago I made the mistake of writing that Nigel took more after his mother, Barbara, than his father. A colleague of his at Pride Park picked me up on it a while back. "Absolute rubbish," he said. And all things considered, he was probably right. The young man, or "the centre-forward" as Brian referred to him, has just been very good at keeping it from us sometimes.
Forest-Derby can bring out the worst in him, too. The McMinn game (see above) ended with Derby's winger fighting with Clough in the tunnel. McMinn had heard Clough shouting: "Go on, piss off!" when he was substituted. He waited for him, the police got involved and when Clough senior heard what had happened he went to find the guy who had been grappling with his son.
"He marched me into the Forest changing rooms where the players were downing beer and Stuart Pearce was standing on one of the lockers leading Ian Woan, Steve Hodge and Des Walker in an anti-Derby song," McMinn recalls.
"Nigel had retreated to the shower but was ordered out by his old man. He bowed his head like a pupil in front of the headmaster and complained about what I'd called him. But much to my amusement, Clough senior immediately took my side. 'Well,' he said. 'You are a daddy's boy and I think you should apologise to Mr McMinn. He deserves some respect after coming all the way from Derby to play a game of football.' Nigel went bright red, mumbled an apology and shook my hand. His father then ushered me back to the away dressing room and wished me a pleasant trip back down the A52 … what a man!"
All of which is a far cry from what we have now. The politics have certainly had an effect on Nigel. Perhaps some of it goes back to the shabby way his father was pretty much forced out of the City Ground. Maybe it's a lingering grievance about the chain of events that started with a director leaking stories to the Sunday People about Brian having a drink problem. It's difficult to be certain. When he was at Burton Albion Nigel used his old contacts to make sure Forest were very aware he was open to the idea of managing the club.
It never happened and, since then, the man who decorated the Forest team with so many goals – an integral part of the side that reached Wembley six times from 1989 to 1992 – has given the distinct impression he has absolutely zero affection left for his old club. Derby, he has said, are the only club that could have persuaded him to leave Burton. One interview comes to mind a few years back when he could barely bring himself to mention Forest by name (all "the club down the road" etc).
Billy Davies, in his Forest days, used to have a theory that Clough was too wrapped up in it all, that it wasn't the normal, likeable Nigel when this fixture came around. "I've got great respect for the guy and got on very well with him before he became Derby manager, but something has changed and it may be the pettiness of Forest-Derby and what goes around it." It's not the worst theory.
Anyway, it's a crisp January afternoon … Derby is on their way to a scrappy 1-0 win when the two sides became embroiled in one of the shoving matches for which this fixture has become synonymous in recent years. It takes place by the dugouts and Davies goes in to try to pull his players away. Clough also heads into the scrum, just behind Davies, and with so many bodies around it isn't particularly easy to see precisely what happens next.
The footage does show, however, Davies look behind him and the expression on his face turn to a mix of anger and, possibly, pain. Afterwards, he accuses the Derby manager of delivering a knee into the back of his leg. "I told him I wouldn't have minded him doing it to my face but to do it when my back was turned was cowardly."
Davies, it should be noted, played his own considerable role when it comes to the deterioration in relations between the two clubs over recent years.
On this occasion he was so angry he refused to shake Clough's hand at the final whistle. "I said to him he was out of order. He tried to claim it was an accident but he knows, as well as I know, that it was no accident. If he's happy to sit on an electric chair and tell a truth or a lie then I'm happy to sit on an electric chair and we'll see what the outcome is."
The FA opened an investigation but decided there was not enough evidence to proceed. Both clubs, just for a change, were fined for failing to keep their players under control. "There's a lot of poison in and around this fixture," Davies said. "I've played in Old Firm games and I've never come across anything like it – not what happens on the field but the stuff that goes around it. The Old Firm game is the worst in the world, but what goes on here is petty. I've been involved in Old Firm games that have never had this kind of pettiness and I'm quite surprised, to be honest."
A.J. Green should be getting set to play in his final game of the 2016 NFL season.
Instead, the All-Pro receiver is being held out for a reason he seems to disagree with. Green suffered a partially torn grade 2 hamstring injury, which he was hoping had healed enough to allow him to play in Houston last week. But, on the morning of the game, Green was told by the team that he would not play. Immediately, he left Houston and went home to spend Christmas Eve with his wife and three-month-old son.
ESPN's Bob Holtzman reported that Green was pulled from a team meeting in Houston, told he wouldn't be allowed to play and that the decision was made by ownership, not the coaches. The medical staff reportedly helped the Bengals' ownership come to this decision.
This occurred after Green had been adamant he was ready to play against the Texans, a game Cincinnati would have been much more likely to win with Green on the field. Instead, the Bengals lost 12-10, and Green isn't happy that he wasn't able to help his team notch their sixth win of the season.
Now, Holtzman reports that Green hasn't even been around the team this week.
WR A.J. Green hasn't been around much this week. One player told me he hasn't seen Green in a single meeting since the wide receiver left Houston on Saturday. I'm told that's rare, even for an injured player.
It sounds like Green is really angered by this controversy, which was clearly mishandled by the Bengals' coaches, medical staff and ownership. If the Bengals weren't going to let Green play, that decision should have been made prior to the team plane leaving for Houston, one day prior to Christmas Eve. The other players who were injured last week didn't make the trip to Houston.
Green is 36 yards away from joining Randy Moss as the only two NFL players to generate 1,000+ receiving yards in each of their first six NFL seasons. It appears he will not have the opportunity to hit that mark and make history.
I'll defend Brown and his decision to sit Green for several reasons:
This is a meaningless game in which Green, even at 80-percent health, should not be playing. Risking an injury in a game that's essentially as important as a pre-season game is not necessary, especially when you're already injured and that injury is not 100% healed. Green admitted he knew his injury would not be 100% healed this season. Green reportedly has a torn hamstring tendon, in addition to the partial hamstring tear. That's not something he needs to risk injuring further unless it's a playoff game, and even then it would be iffy. If this injury worsens, what can happen becomes far-too-scary. The Bengals just went through an offseason marred by Tyler Eifert's ankle injury in the Pro Bowl, which eventually led to surgery and helped knock him out for the first six games of 2016, a stretch of games during which the Bengals went 2-4. He doesn't want something similar to happen to Green in a game that has about as much relevance as the Pro Bowl. Per the team, there would be an “inordinate risk” should Green play again this season before his hamstring is fully healed. No one wants to see Green further injured, especially in a meaningless Week 17 game with more to gain from a loss than a win. Brown wants a better draft pick and a win on Sunday could be the difference between the No. 7 pick and the No. 1 1 pick.
Regardless of everything else, there's no question that it's really unfortunate Green is going to miss out on that receiving record by such a slim margin. That said, this sport isn't about stats and records. It's about wins and losses, and wins are something the Bengals didn't get enough of this year, thanks in part to untimely injuries. Injuries in the NFL are inevitable but the Brown family and Bengals fan don't want to see Green further injured or have a season full or rehabbing.
Above all else, the Bengals should make sure Green isn't actually upset with the team heading into the offseason. He is the franchise (or at least a big part of it) and having your star player upset with your organization would be a huge issue for the long run. The Bengals ownership and coaches should be doing everything necessary to ensure Green is on the same page as they are and that he's content heading into the offseason.
The seaside town of Bournemouth might seem an unlikely setting for a high-octane confrontation with the Russian military. But last week, the south coast resort became the focus of a major security alert, with RAF jets scrambled to intercept two Russian long-range bombers as they flew close to British airspace.
In the event, the emergency – which saw Typhoon interceptors launched from RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland and RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire – passed without incident, as the British fighters closely tracked Tupolev “Bear” bombers, which are designed to carry nuclear weapons, from a distance of 1,000ft as they passed through the Channel.
The incident was nevertheless deemed to be of sufficient severity that Alexander Yakovenko, the Russian Ambassador, was summoned to the Foreign Office to explain the Kremlin's actions.
The frequency with which Russian warplanes are challenging British airspace has provoked concerns in Whitehall that Vladimir Putin wants a new era of Cold War-style confrontation with the West. According to figures released by the Ministry of Defence, more than 100 Russian warplanes were intercepted last year by RAF fighters – three times more than in 2013. This surge in activity has taken place at the same time as Moscow has attracted international condemnation for its illegal annexation of the Crimea, and its military support for pro‑Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.
The fact that Russian warplanes are now regularly and deliberately testing Britain's air defences inevitably raises the question of whether, following the drastic cuts the Coalition has made to the defence budget, the British military is properly equipped to defend the nation's interests.
At the height of the Cold War, there was no shortage of aircraft and warships to keep foes like the Russians at bay. The RAF boasted more than 30 combat squadrons; the Army was more than twice its current size; and the Royal Navy had more than 50 warships, as well as two fully operational aircraft carriers.
But that was before a succession of governments – both Tory and Labour – undertook a series of dramatic cuts. They have reduced our Armed Forces to a lamentable state, with serious questions now being asked about their ability to deal with the many threats we are likely to face in future years, whether that be the Kremlin's new-found spirit of military adventurism, or the rise of well-organised Islamist terror groups, such as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil), which has seized control of large swathes of northern Iraq and Syria and is once more dominating the headlines after the murder of the Japanese hostage Kenji Goto over the weekend.
With the Coalition's most recent defence cuts, following the 2010 Strategic Defence and Security Review (SDSR), the Army's strength now stands at a modest 82,000 men. The total number of RAF combat squadrons is due to fall to a paltry six – hardly sufficient to protect Britain's airspace, let alone undertake overseas combat operations. The number of operational Navy warships stands at just 18 – five destroyers and 13 frigates – with the two new Queen Elizabeth-class aircraft carriers unlikely to enter service until well into the next decade.
The most recent cuts, moreover, have had a disastrous impact on our ability to undertake even the most basic military tasks. For example, the Coalition's decision to scrap the Nimrod maritime patrol programme means that we no longer have the ability to track Russian nuclear submarines operating close to British territorial waters. At the end of last year, when a Russian attack boat was spotted close to the Scottish coast, we had to ask Nato to help us by sending one of its anti-submarine patrol aircraft.
Similarly, delays to the RAF's upgrade programme for the Typhoon fleet, principally caused by the lack of funding available for the new equipment, have left RAF pilots relying on our ageing fleet of Tornado GR4 bombers to conduct missions against Isil positions in Iraq.
These are just two of the more glaring examples of how the defence cuts are having a direct bearing on the effectiveness of all three Forces. And yet, rather than facing up to the enormous damage that has been inflicted by successive governments, none of the main political parties appears to be at all interested in championing the needs of the Armed Forces.
Indeed, with politicians of all persuasions warning that the next government will need to make further cuts if it is to balance the books, there is already speculation that more defence cuts are being planned in the run-up to the next SDSR, which will take place after the general election. Last month Sir Nick Harvey, the former Liberal Democrat defence minister, warned that the MoD had drawn up plans to cut the Army by a further 20,000 to around 60,000, a number that would render it incapable of participating in any future coalition ground operations. Senior Army sources have downplayed the claim, pointing out that David Cameron has made a public commitment to keep the Army at its current, depleted strength if he is re-elected.
An alternative money-saving option, floated this weekend, was to merge the Royal Marines and the Parachute Regiment – an idea that Maj Gen Julian Thompson, who led 3 Commando Brigades during the Falklands War, describes as “barmy”. The thinking is that a single joint airborne and amphibious assault unit would be formed, stripping out duplication but also gravely weakening our capability to respond to global events.
There is something peculiar here. Already, those within the MoD are starting to wrangle over what to cut. But that implicitly accepts that the cuts will inevitably happen.
Indeed, while Mr Cameron has signalled his reluctance to make further cuts to the Army, he has been less forthcoming about whether a future Conservative-led government would maintain Britain's defence spending at the all‑important figure of 2 per cent of GDP – the sum that is required by Nato membership.
During last September's Nato summit in Wales, Mr Cameron lectured the other European members on the need to meet that benchmark. Yet even without further cuts, our defence spending is due to fall to around
1.7 per cent of GDP by 2018 – well below the designated threshold. When challenged in the Commons last month about his intentions, Mr Cameron avoided making a firm commitment, preferring to give assurances that he would make sure the Armed Forces had the funding needed to fulfil Britain's defence requirements.
It is the same story with Labour, where Vernon Coaker, the shadow defence secretary, says his party cannot make a firm commitment to the 2 per cent threshold so long as tackling the deficit remains a top priority. And the Liberal Democrats, who could still hold the balance of power, have no interest in increasing the defence budget. On the contrary, most would like to divert even more of it towards international aid, even though the Department for International Development is said to have spent a staggering £60 billion over the past four years on projects that have done nothing whatsoever to ameliorate the threat to British interests – which was Mr Cameron's argument for ring-fencing the aid budget in the first place.
All of which means that, as the election campaign gets under way, none of the main political parties is prepared to champion the cause of the Armed Forces. Indeed, if the politicians get their way, defence will be a non‑subject for the campaign's duration.
Whether they can get away with this woeful and deliberate neglect will depend, to a degree, on whether any major international crisis emerges before May. But what is certainly true is that, unless there is a radical change in the way the next government funds defence, Britain's Armed Forces could go from being a source of pride to a national embarrassment.
New Hampshire's groundbreaking approach to addiction treatment has set a new record. Safe Station in both Manchester and Nashua saw their highest traffic in a single day: 15 people in Manchester and 11 in Nashua.Officials say a jump in overdoses could be the result of a recent drug sweep just over the state line in Lawrence, Massachusetts. "Our theory, if you will, is that people are using different suppliers with a different potency," says Chris Stawasz, the regional director for American Medical Response. 30 alleged drug dealers were arrested in the Lawrence sweep. But no matter the source, Stawasz says there's always a risk."There's no quality control at the heroin factory," he says. "You never know what's going to be in that dose. It could be carfentanil, it could be fentanyl, could be heroin. It could easily kill you. It's Russian roulette."
New Hampshire's groundbreaking approach to addiction treatment has set a new record. Safe Station in both Manchester and Nashua saw their highest traffic in a single day: 15 people in Manchester and 11 in Nashua.
Officials say a jump in overdoses could be the result of a recent drug sweep just over the state line in Lawrence, Massachusetts. "Our theory, if you will, is that people are using different suppliers with a different potency," says Chris Stawasz, the regional director for American Medical Response.
Advertisement
30 alleged drug dealers were arrested in the Lawrence sweep. But no matter the source, Stawasz says there's always a risk.
"There's no quality control at the heroin factory," he says. "You never know what's going to be in that dose. It could be carfentanil, it could be fentanyl, could be heroin. It could easily kill you. It's Russian roulette."
AlertMe
Published: December 6, 2016 Updated: December 9, 2016
What do you do when you see a rat? Do you grab your skirt and jump on the highest point inside your house, screaming at the top of your lungs for someone to come and rid you of your misery? Or do you grab your broom/shovel/other cold weapon of choice and go after the sneaking little bugger, letting him know that he shall not pass?
These gibbons definitely went the courageous way when they one very rude and intrusive rat in their enclosure at the Dudley ZOO in England. The lar gibbons went absolutely bananas when they saw the rodent casually nibbling on something in the grass. One of them was catching some sunshine, while the others were poking through the grass, but when the rat started moving, everyone went ballista on the rodent. One of the monkey did what every cartoon character would do in its situation - it took to the ropes to get the hell out of there!
“Hilarious lar gibbons are getting all panicky about the rat in their enclosure,” is written in the description of the original video. “Penny, the baby is trying to shoo the rat away with its long arms when his mom, Meo, comes to help and they both run the rat out of the enclosure.”
While the babies ran away, the mom took on a protective posture, as any mom would and darted after the rat to scare it away. Another gibbon joined forces, ultimately rushing the uninvited guest out.
CLEVELAND, OHIO - OCTOBER 15: A Frontier Airlines plane lands at Cleveland Hopkins Airport on October 15, 2014 in Cleveland, Ohio. Recently diagnosed Ebola patient, health care worker Amber Vinson, traveled on Frontier Airlines from Dallas to Cleveland with a low fever on October 10, and returned to Dallas on October 13. The aircraft has since been decontaminated and put back in service. Nurse Amber Vinson joins Nina Pham as health workers who have contracted the Ebola virus at Texas Heath Presbyterian Hospital while treating patient Thomas Eric Duncan, who has since died. (Photo by Michael Francis McElroy/Getty Images)
NEW YORK, Oct 16 (Reuters) - Frontier Airlines said six crew members were placed on paid leave for 21 days "out of an abundance of caution," after learning that a nurse who had treated an Ebola victim may have been symptomatic when she flew on the airline earlier this week.
The leave affects two pilots and four flight attendants aboard flight 1143 from Cleveland to Dallas/Fort Worth on Oct. 13, which carried a Texas nurse who later tested positive for the deadly virus, Frontier said in statement late Wednesday.
The Centers for Disease Control had informed the airline Wednesday that the nurse "may have been symptomatic earlier than initially suspected, including the possibility of possessing symptoms while on board the flight," the statement said.
About
WE WILL BE RELAUNCHING SOON!
Until then, keep up with MONSTERS! MONSTERS! MONSTERS! HERE
(www.monsterscardgame.com)
MONSTERS! MONSTERS! MONSTERS! is a take that! style card game that features a swarm of malodorous, junk food addicted monsters with a bad attitude and an affinity for grossing each other out. The game takes place in a world where monsters are a highly sought-after commodity. However, the monsters must be extremely powerful to be worth anything. Monster dealing is a tough gig, but the payout is worth it! Each player uses their own monsters to thwart the efforts of the others. Be the first to send 3 monsters to market and be crowned the monster master! Lose too many monsters and your monster dealing license will be revoked!
During your turn, you have the opportunity to feed your monsters with junk food such as “THE double-cheese slopper”, or give your monster items to help them out like a bottle of ketchup, then attack and curse other monsters with devastating cards like “hot sauce aftermath”, or the ultimate “The liquid bummer” to which there is no known cure.
MONSTERS! MONSTERS! MONSTERS! Will include 50 uniquely oversized cards featuring 20 different little creeps, 78 action cards that include a feast of junk food and enough bodily functions to make even the most battle-hardened stomach turn. The game will also include 12 power cubes to keep track of your monsters' progress, and a full color instruction booklet. All of these oafishly refined components tucked tenderly into a luxurious 2 piece box.
My name is Chance Harris and I'm a graphic designer/illustrator from North Texas who loves card games. I wanted to create a game that was quick to learn, fun to play, and expandable. I have a vision of creating new editions in the future that can either be played on their own, or added to the original to enhance and change the game. I've always loved drawing monsters – and I love junk food – so it seemed only appropriate to make my first game about the things I love.
Every penny that is pledged will be used in creating this game. I have partnered with Panda Game Manufacturing to print MONSTERS! MONSTERS! MONSTERS! Panda is one of the leading manufacturers of board and card games in the United States and has a reputation for producing some of the highest quality games on the market. I have been working with them already to get my game set and ready to print!
The mega monsters expansion will feature 10 new MEGA MONSTERS (meaning bigger, smellier, and more disgusting) along with a deck of all new actions! The expansion can be played on its own, or be interlaced in the original game to make things even more interesting!
A NOTE ON SHIPPING
Shipping will be charged when you back the project. If you do not see your country as an option, message me and I can get you a custom shipping price and get you on your way.
The Chain Bridge is a viaduct which crosses the Potomac River at Little Falls in Washington, D.C. It carries close to 22,000 cars a day.[1] It connects Washington with affluent sections of Arlington and Fairfax counties in Virginia. On the Washington side, the bridge connects with Canal Road. Left turns onto the Clara Barton Parkway from the Chain Bridge are prohibited, but the reverse is permitted. On the Virginia side, the bridge connects with State Route 123 (Chain Bridge Road), which provides access to the George Washington Memorial Parkway.
The Chain Bridge has three lanes (of which the center is reversible) and can be safely accessed by pedestrians and cyclists. The pedestrian sidewalk provides access to the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal towpath via a ramp.
History [ edit ]
Chain Bridge during Civil War
1839 drawing of the Chain Bridge
Underside of the Chain Bridge
The first bridge at the location was opened on July 3, 1797. It was a wooden covered bridge, and rotted and collapsed in 1804.[2][3] The second bridge, of similar type, burned six months after it was built.[2]
The third bridge was built four years later in 1808, and is where the bridge received its name. It was a chain suspension bridge, using 1¼ inch bars. It was designed by Judge James E. Finley, and was 136 feet long by 15 feet wide.[3] It was destroyed by flood in 1810 or 1812.[2][3] The fourth bridge was also a chain suspension bridge, and though damaged by floods in 1815, it lasted until 1840.[2] The fifth bridge was built in 1840, and made of chain and wood.[2] This span collapsed in 1852.
It was replaced by a crossbeam truss structure that resembled a long garden arbor or pergola, but retained its historical name. During the American Civil War, the Chain Bridge was a popular place for the Union Army to access the countryside encampments from Fairfax County. The bridge is the site of the first Union Army Balloon Corps balloon crossing, which took place overnight on October 12, 1861, conducted by Professor Thaddeus S. C. Lowe and a band of handlers who had to precariously traverse the outsides of the fully trellised bridge. In a nine-hour ordeal, the balloon Union was fully inflated in Washington and walked out to the battlefield at Lewinsville, Virginia.[2]
The truss bridge was swept away in an 1870 flood, and a lightweight iron truss replacement was erected in 1872-1874. Traffic restrictions were placed on the bridge in the 1920s, and it was fully closed following the record flood of 1936.[2]
The eighth and present version of the bridge is a continuous steel girder structure, completed in 1939 on piers dating from the 1870s.[2]
Photo gallery [ edit ]
If you've ever wanted to see life through Nate Diaz's eyes, you could do a lot worse than what shall henceforth be known as “The Allegory of the Cafeteria.” It goes a little something like this:
“You're in the school cafeteria, right? Lunch time. Remember high school? And somebody's like, ‘Hey, look around the room. Who do you want to fight? Who do you want to fight in here?' Random Tuesday. Week is going fine. Who do you want to fight in this cafeteria? Remember the cafeteria? There's 300 people in there, right? You look around the room like, ‘(Expletive) man, I don't really want to fight anybody.' Will I fight anybody? Yeah, I guess. Do I want to? No. First of all, that's rude.”
The first thing I should admit here is that I've never been in this cafeteria. But now, thanks to Diaz's eloquence on his very own mid-week episode of “The MMA Hour,” I feel like I have. I can picture it. I can put myself right there at a table with young Nate Diaz, both of us minding our business, dreading fifth period Algebra, just trying to finish our sandwiches and get through the day.
But in this one overcrowded room the threat of violence is never far from our minds, apparently. We don't seek it out, but we're ready for it. We have accepted it as a fact of life. We are not particularly happy about it.
To the Diaz brothers, the MMA world is that cafeteria. It always has been. It's why they keep trying to leave, because they know that while they're here we won't ever leave them alone. They keep trying to eat their Cheetos, and we keep poking them in the ribs, saying, “How about that guy over there? Would you fight him?”
It never occurred to us that each time they said yes it might have only been because, for one reason or another, they felt like they couldn't say no.
This seems especially relevant for Diaz (19-11 MMA, 14-9 UFC) now. Two fights with Conor McGregor brought him a lot of money, according to UFC President Dana White, but as he tries to enjoy it the powers that be keep poking him and then pointing across the room at one lightweight or another. How about him? Would you fight him?
The answer lately has been the same: no, no, no. At least not without a significant bump in pay, and therein lies the rub.
Diaz, we're told, wants too much money. And the UFC remains committed to the idea that he's a nobody who is powerless to move that stubborn needle, so why should he get a raise? It's an idea undermined by the continued fascination with him in spite of – or maybe even because of – his inactivity.
Diaz is 3-4 in his past seven fights, and still he gets an “MMA Hour” episode all to himself just to announce that he's got nothing to announce. What's more, people actually watched. Why wouldn't they? How many other fighters could compare this sport to a cafeteria that's part “Breakfast Club” and part “Shawshank Redemption” and have it all make a strange sort of sense? Who else could entertain fight fans just by explaining why he's not going to fight?
If you ask fans of theirs to explain the enduring appeal of the two Diaz boys, chances are that at some point they'll hit on the topic of “realness.” Nick and Nate? Those guys keep it real. There's something undeniably authentic about them. Even when they don't make complete sense they somehow make more sense than anyone else.
“If anything I'm like the superhero coming in with this anti-bull(expletive),” Nick said in the lead-up to his fight with Georges St-Pierre. And though we didn't know exactly what he meant, come on – we knew what he meant.
It's the same thing now. The UFC offers Nate fights. He turns them down in part because he can, but also because he's tired of being goaded into cafeteria combat for the benefit of others. He's tired of being used, in one way or another, and unlike a lot of his peers he recognizes that using people is one of the things the fight game does best.
Why keep playing a game like that if you don't have to? What do you think he is, crazy? Well, OK, maybe a little crazy, but he's not nuts. And if you think that alone makes him ill-suited for the world of MMA, what have you just admitted?
For more on the UFC's upcoming schedule, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
It was found 1.5miles away from his grandmother's house
Autopsy results released Monday indicated no foul play in the death of 2-year-old Noah Chamberlin
The desperate search for two-year-old Noah Chamberlin (pictured far right with his family) has ended in tragedy after the boy's body was found just outside the search area in Chester County, Tennessee
The tragic death of a 2-year-old Tennessee boy who was found dead in the woods near his home last week has officially been ruled an accident.
On Monday, officials released preliminary autopsy results showing little Noah Chamberlin died of hypothermia.
The toddler's disappearance during a walk with his grandmother and 4-year-old sister launched a desperate week-long search that ended in sadness last week when his body was found in a wooded area just a mile from his Pinson home.
District Attorney General Jerry Woodhall released the autopsy results on Monday as public speculation mounted over the boy's death.
Since the beginning of the search, law enforcement have said there was nothing suspicious about the boy's disappearance, but that hasn't stopped several people from starting online campaigns, demanding a thorough investigation.
'Upon the recovery of the body of Noah Chamberlin it was sent for an autopsy. This autopsy was performed at the State Medical Examiner's Office in Nashville, Tennessee.
'The preliminary results of this autopsy are that his death was the result of hypothermia and there were not signs of foul play.
'My office maintained constant contact with the agencies involved during the search for Noah. Based upon the information received, it is my opinion that there are no criminal acts,' Woodhall said in a statement.
Final autopsy results will be finished in eight to 16 weeks.
Meanwhile, family spokesman Andy Morris issued a statement.
'Noah got done playing so he laid down and took a nap and he woke up in front of his creator.If you have to pick a way to go, that's the best way,' Morris said.
The Chamberlin family has scheduled a funeral for Wednesday.
Scroll down for video
Police say his death was a 'tragic accident' and said he was found in a clearing. Pictured above with his mother and father and 4-year-old sister
Little Noah's body was found on Thursday, about 1.5miles from his grandmother's house in Chester County, Tennessee.
Police say his death was a 'tragic accident' and would only reveal that his body was found in a clearing.
Just hours earlier, investigators said they were adamant he was still alive, insisting they had found crucial evidence in woods near where he had last been spotted.
Desperate search: The search for the boy drew hundreds of volunteers from around the state
Headquarters: Above, search crews are parked on the side of the road searching for the boy after he went missing earlier this month
Sheriff Weaver and Madison County Sheriff John Mehr believe Noah's death is a tragic accident.
'Just like grandma said, she turned her head for a minute and he was gone. There were trails everywhere,' Weaver said.
'Everybody we talked to talked about how he ran all the time, jumped over tables, ran, just nonstop,' Mehr added. 'He loved to hide. We had people tell us that even adults would run after him, and they couldn't catch him.'
According to WBBJ, his remains were found just outside a grid searchers had spent days scouring.
Law enforcement had covered roughly 1,000 acres of land searching for the little boy and expanded their efforts every day in a bid to track him down.
Investigators hit out at conspiracy theorists who speculated that the boy's parents, Jacob and Destiny Chamberlin, were behind the disappearance.
Skeptics have been calling on officers to raid the family's home, with wild accusations claiming the child was covered in wet concrete or buried under an outhouse on the family property.
'We have interviewed the entire family multiple times. We can find no reason, none whatsoever, to discredit them,' Chester County Sheriff Blair Weaver said at a press conference on Tuesday, according to the Jackson Sun.
Madison County Sheriff John Mehr added: 'The family has been cooperative and supportive. The FBI and TBI have been doing background and support (operations) for us. A behavioral science unit has been called in to assist.'
Noah (pictured in his father's arms as a baby) was reported missing at 1.19pm last Thursday after he disappeared while on a walk in the woods behind his grandparents' Pinson home
Chester County Sheriff Blair Weaver hugs a member of the community at the conclusion of a prayer service for Noah Chamberlin at Chester County High School on Wednesday
Noah was reported missing at 1:19pm last Thursday after he disappeared while on a walk in the woods behind his grandparents' Pinson home, law enforcement officials said.
His grandmother had taken him and his four-year-old sister on a nature hike when she said she lost sight of him.
Authorities said the trio had sat down to talk while in the woods and when the grandmother turned around, he was gone.
Eileen Brown
Social network ETER9, still in beta, proposes an interesting concept of digital immortality. Bringing AI to your social interactions, it promises to be the elixir of eternity for its users.
Due to an exponential increase in demand from a growing user base, ETER9 has partnered with 100TB, the infrastructure-as-a-service company from UK2 Group.
100TB offers 100TB of monthly bandwidth on a global scale, and servers with CDN and R1Soft Storage.
This partnership will enable ETER9 to help "drive growth in user numbers globally through a high-performance network" according to ETER9 founder and CEO, Henrique Jorge.
ETER9 is not a social network in the traditional sense, since it relies on an Artificial Intelligence system that continuously learns from its users.
What makes ETER9 different from other existing social networks is the fact that each user has a virtual self. This virtual self, called a "Counterpart" is fully configurable and responsible for memorizing all the user's actions.
The larger the number of actions you make, the more the Counterpart will act as a 'conscious complement' of the user.
Even when you are offline or not physically present, your Counterpart can keep virtually interacting with other users.
In August 2015 when I first reported about the AI platform, ETER9 had 7,000 users. Now there are over 50,000 users from across the world who post on a variety of topics.
Posts can be 'Eternalised' into one of ten categories such as Technology, Science, Art, Travel, Music, Sport and Travel. Users can see posts that others have eternalised.
The site is divided into two sections; the cortex, which shows your personal profile, and posts you have eternalised; and the bridge, which is essentially your social network feed.
I have an account on the network and, although the site is still a little clunky, engagement is good.
One of the downsides for me is that it is not possible to search eternalised categories across all users (like using a hashtag to search across Twitter for a theme).
Instead you have to visit a user, view their profile and see their eternalised posts for each category.
If I have had a lot of activity on the site, my own feed shows who I have connected to and which posts I have eternalised which makes my feed noisy.
The Future of IT: A Strategic Guide ZDNet and TechRepublic draw on their community of C-level executives and business thinkers to prognosticate where business technology is headed. Read More
The platform is one of a growing list of AI-driven services that are seeking to address, in one way or another, the question of: 'When I am gone, what will become of my social media profile, my legacy, and my online content'?
ETER9 was created to 'explore AI potential and take it one step further'.
The social network was created for the 'new generation', where it is possible to establish connections with both human and virtual beings.
Users are supported by ELiZA NiNE, a virtual being which they can turn to for assistance.
Inside this 'Living Cyberspace', other virtual beings, called "Niners", can be adopted by users to interact with each other.
Jorge, said: "2015 has been unbelievable for ETER9; it has shown us that people are interested in ways of becoming immortal and that the idea of having a virtual self is the next step in terms of social media".
Perhaps ETER9 does iindeed fulfil the promise of the "new reality, created, where the impossible can happen and eternity is within reach".
Related content:
TEST MODE Set-up: Put the "Mode" switch at Test position. Function: Light turns on for only 5 seconds during daytime or night once it detects motion.
This mode is used for checking whether the sensor is working properly.
Test Mode can work during daytime and night. Except Range, the Lux and Time Setting doesn't work while using this mode.
AUTO MODE Set-up: Put the "Mode" switch at Auto position. Function: When sensor detects motion, it lights up for 1-10 minutes according to the time it has been set.
While using auto mode, toggle switch off and 2 seconds later on again. Light turns on continuously for ca. 8 hrs and goes off at daytime.
Auto Mode only works at night. When it's bright (> 100-150 LUX) around the sensor, light goes automatically back to Auto Mode.
ON TIME MODE Set-up: Put the "Mode" switch at On Time position. Function: Light can work as a standard LED light without motion sensing.
Light turns on when switch on, turns off when switch off.
On Time Mode can work during daytime and night. The Lux, Time and Range Setting doesn't work while using this mode.
We have developed the rules and lore of Song of Swords in collaboration with dozens of like-minded gamers. Their input has shaped everything, from combat design and weapon balancing, to racial abilities and the character and tone of Vosca. This project has been a true community effort: we invite you to join us!
Your support of this project will go towards:
Refinement of rules and content in the Core Rulebook
in the Core Rulebook Artwork that will breathe life and context into the game
that will breathe life and context into the game Design and layout of the Core Rulebook and other project materials; and
of the Core Rulebook and other project materials; and Most importantly, getting Song of Swords in print.
Song of Swords isn't your run-of-the-mill RPG. We want to deliver the best product we can, which means high-quality art, accurate depictions of weaponry and armor, and a beautiful printed product.
We have long-term goals of turning Song of Swords into a much more expansive game in the coming years, but this is the first step—and we need you to make it happen!
THE TEAM
We are a group of friends, all avid gamers, who share a passion for creating new tabletop experiences for our friends and fellow enthusiasts!
Zach aka Claymore: Zach is the President and co-founder of Opaque Industries. He is a former employee of Chaosium (Call of Cthulhu) and has worked in the gaming industry for five years. Zach works alongside James to design the rules for Song of Swords.
James aka Jimmy Rome: James is Lead Game Designer and co-founder of Opaque Industries. He has been running iterative tests on Song of Swords with our robust community for years, and brings the creative vision of Vosca to life.
Taylor aka Bones: Taylor works in the mobile game industry, and serves as Art Director and Project Manager for Song of Swords. He works with our artists and layout team to deliver high-quality visuals for the game.
Backer rewards are outlined in detail below. Feel free to reach out to us if you have any questions!
Add these items on to your existing pledge level for the costs outlined below. There is no pledge level minimum for including add-ons! We will send out a survey after the Kickstarter to determine which add-ons you intended to get.
$15 Printed Core Rulebook (black & white, softcover, 6x9)
Printed (black & white, softcover, 6x9) $39 Printed Core Rulebook (color, softcover, 8.5x11)
Printed (color, softcover, 8.5x11) $59 Printed Core Rulebook (color, hardcover, 8.5x11)
Printed (color, hardcover, 8.5x11) $15 Printed NPC Army Deck 1 (60 cards)
Printed (60 cards) $15 Printed NPC Army Deck 2 (60 cards)
Printed (60 cards) $15 Printed Armor & Weapon Deck (60 cards)
Printed (60 cards) $15 Printed Monster Deck (60 cards)
Printed (60 cards) $10 Printed Gamemaster Screen Inserts (color, 8.5x11)
Printed (color, 8.5x11) $6 Printed Map (color, 18x12)
International Shipping for Add-Ons
Shipping is included for US Backers, however for international Backers, each printed add-on will need an extra USD $10 added to the pledge.
How to Change Your Pledge Level
To change your pledge amount, visit the project page and click the blue “Manage" button that appears next to your pledge amount and then select "Change your pledge" on the following page. Click here for more information!
Shipping and Fulfillment
Song of Swords will be printed and fulfilled by our partners at DriveThruRPG!
Backer tiers and add-on costs have factored in shipping to the United States, which means that you do not need to pledge extra if you are shipping domestically.
We have tried to absorb international shipping as much as we can. Most Backer tiers have very low additional shipping costs to international destinations. As it's a little more difficult to know how many international Backers plan to purchase add-ons, we have requested a flat USD$10 rate for EACH individual printed add-on.
However, if you really want 10 copies of the hardcover Core Rulebook, please get in contact with us! During the campaign, we can open up pledge levels for popular bundles that may have significantly reduced shipping costs than if you purchased the items individually.
It's possible you've heard FX's spy drama The Americans described as "the best show on television" by publications like, say, Vox — America's most trusted source when it comes to determining the best show on television. It's also possible the show's acclaim has made you curious about checking it out.
But there's one big hurdle: At this point, if you've never watched a single episode of The Americans, you have 47 hours of television to catch up on.
That's a lot! And it's an especially heavy lift with a show that can be as emotionally harrowing as The Americans, which centers on KGB spies pretending to be a normal American couple in early '80s Washington, DC.
The series features all the plot twists and shocking moments you'd expect from a spy drama, but it's mostly a small-scale story of two people trying to advance their cause while staying true to each other and themselves. It's a spy story, a love story, and something of a moral parable. And that means there are a lot of details to keep track of.
Enter this graphic from FX — making its debut on Vox — which you can use as a guide to virtually every element of The Americans. Start in the center with Philip (Matthew Rhys) and Elizabeth Jennings (Keri Russell), then trace their various relationships outward to see all of the characters whose lives they've intersected with over the years. (Of particular importance: their daughter, Paige, and their FBI agent neighbor, Stan.)
You can look at the full graphic here, or you can simply hover over it to zoom in.
It does not take much in the way of powers of observation to see that anger against what we called “the Establishment” in the 1960s is rising. A good deal is correctly focused on how banks have looted the taxpayer; a lot of it is more inchoate but if anything even more virulent: anger about downward mobility, about the rising gap between the rich and everyone else.
Machiavelli warned that killing a man's father was a safer course of action than taking his partimony. The American dream has two core precepts: first, that if you work hard, you can do well, and attain at least a middle class standard of living, second that your children can attain a better standard of living than you had. Those are being turned on their head.
I met with a pollster yesterday, and he said he had never seen such a gap in attitudes in beliefs among those in the political elite versus those of the public at large, and he expected bad outcomes. So I'm not certain the news story du jour, courtesy Karl Denninger, would surprise him.
A plane crashed into a 7 story office building near Austin that had federal offices, including those of the IRS. Denninger reports that CNBC says that the owner of the plane had burned down his house. One website has a copy of what appears to be a lengthy note posted by one Joe Stack, who is reportedly suspected to be the pilot; Denninger checked out the domain registration of the original site and it appears to fit.
The entire note is worth reading, but here is are some key sections:
If you're reading this, you're no doubt wondering, “Why did this have to happen?”….The writing process started many months ago, was intended to be therapy in the face of the looming realization that there isn't enough therapy in the world that can fix what is really broken……. We are taught to believe as children that without laws there would be no society, only anarchy. Sadly, starting at early ages we in this country have been brainwashed to believe that, in return for our dedication and service, the government stands for justice for all. We are further brainwashed to believe that there is freedom in this place and that we should be ready to lay down our lives for the noble principals represented by its founding fathers. Remember? One of those was “no taxation without representation”…. Why is it that a handful of thugs and plunders can commit unthinkable atrocities (and in the case of GM executives, for scores of years) and when it's time for their gravy train to crash under the weight of their gluttony and overwhelming stupidity, the force of the full federal government has not difficulty coming to their aid within days, if not hours? Yet as the same time, the joke we call the American medical system, including the drug and insurance companies, are murdering tens of thousands of people a year and stealing from the corpses and victims they cripple, and this country's leaders don't see this as important as bailing out a few of their vile, rich cronies. Yet the political “representatives” (thieves, liars, and self-serving scumbags is far more accurate) have endless time to sit around year after year and debate the stat of the “terrible health care problem”.
Per Joe, his problems started with a run-in with the IRS, when he and some of his friends, with the advice of tax attorneys, began making use of exemptions “that make institutions like the vulgar, corrupt Catholic Church so incredibly wealthy”. Um, the Catholic Church IS a wealthy institution, but yes, tax breaks help keep it that way.
This proved to be a costly lesson. A tax law change in 1986 worked to the disadvantage of independent software contractors like him. He does not say precisely how, but he is clear that he spent a lot of time trying to get the new rule overturned. He also suffered in the economic downdrafts (the early 1990s recession and the dot-bomb era) and went through a divorce.
This is how his piece ends:
I know I'm hardly the first one to decide I have had all I can stand. It has always been a myth that people have stopped dying for their freedom in this country, and it isn't limited to the blacks, and poor immigrants. I know there have been countless before me and there are sure to be as many after. But I also know that by not adding my body to the count, I insure nothing will change. I choose to not keep looking over my shoulder at “big brother” while he strips my carcass, I choose not to ignore what is going on all around me, I choose not to pretend that business as usual won't continue; I have just had enough…..I am finally ready to stop this insanity. Well, Mr. Big Brother IRS man, let's try something different; take my pound of flesh and sleep well.
Note that he sees his violent response to his economic plight as a political act, a blow for freedom. I am certainly not advocating this course of action. But others start connecting at least some of the dots this way, seeing their financial stresses not as the result of bad luck or lack of sufficient effort, but as an indictment of the system. Given the breakdown of communities (for instance, the fall in involvement in local civic groups and shortened job tenures, both of which lead to weaker social ties and greater isolation), the odds that the disaffected will turn to violence is greater than in past periods of stress.
The original comic was a humorous way to make it easier for people to understand and deal with these kinds of situations, and I think the overwhelmingly positive response showed that it was effective. Any time that same situation played out, it was pretty much guaranteed that my comic would get posted, and people could laugh about it and leave the thread without being frustrated.
This rise in visibility led to the comic getting edited and reposted. People were particularly fond of the grinning face which, at the time, had no name. It eventually became a separate entity and has since come to represent the humorous and mischievous side of trolling.
*Whynne: It's hard to say. It means a lot of different things in various contexts, but the common theme among them is that people naturally enjoy toying with each other and looking for a certain response. Sometimes it can be funny, sometimes it can be downright frustrating, but the important thing to keep in mind is to learn to recognize it when it happens and laugh at it in hindsight. It's just the Internet, after all, and there's really only so much a troll can do. I hope that didn't sound like a public safety announcement.
*Whynne: Definitely not in the way that is has now. It's far from what I'd call a sensation, but it's safe to say that it has become a rather popular joke with Internet goers. Most of the time it shows up, I'm not credited, which is a mixed bag. On one hand, you really want people to know you made it, but on the other, there's no way to do it without seeming overly-possessive and self-important. After all, it wasn't a significant effort on my part. It was ultimately the userbase that made it popular, so in that sense, it belongs to everyone.
*Whynne: It's pretty validating to see the people I look up to find something I made worthy of re-rendering. Most recently, I saw The Incredible Hulk making a little Trollface on a recent issue of Deadpool, and prior to that, Edmund McMillen made a Trollface planet as his "Teh Internets" map select screen and title card in Super Meat Boy.
*Whynne: I can't really say where the former came from, though I'm pretty sure its origins aren't traceable to any one specific post or picture. "Problem?" on the other hand was from the "coolface" comic edit. I obviously wasn't involved, but I can say that those catchphrases are definitely better fits for the face when it's taken out of its original context.
Under all that material, the E-Class has fancy guts. Mercedes' stellar Air Body Control—heretofore reserved for the top-line S-Class—makes its way into this car, a first for the segment. In concert with a nine-speed transmission, that optional set-up ought to mimic the whooshy comfort of the bigger Benz. At launch, only the E300 will be available, featuring a 2-liter, 241-horsepower four-cylinder, though turbocharged V-6s, diesel and gasoline, plus a shouty AMG V-8 are surely in the pipeline.
Now, to the car's technological psyche—all that equipment that will allow it nearly to drive itself. Cruise control, at this point, is outmoded: It implies highways and clear roads, whereas today's systems duke it out on crowded city streets and winding country lanes. At the forefront of the E-Class's newness is “Drive Pilot,” a semi-autonomous system that not only maintains a selected distance from the vehicle ahead but can actually follow its movements up to an autobahn-ready 130 mph. Beyond braking and acceleration, the system will also provide what Mercedes is calling “plenty of steering assistance.” That is, the car will take the wheel. And, unlike older systems which require clear road lines, Mercedes' new computer takes account of surrounding vehicles and roadside features to determine a path. “Evasive Steering Assist” torques the steering wheel to help avoid pedestrians and subsequently straightens the car. In a move straight out of James Bond's Tomorrow Never Dies 1997 BMW 750iL, the 2017 E-Class will be able to be slipped in and out of garages and parking spaces remotely via an iPhone app. The days of sucking in your gut and smearing your tush across someone else's door as your attempt to duck into your car are, blessedly, over.
That's the 2017 E-Class: a car you pull out of the garage with your phone, a car whose interior lighting you set with a finger tap and whose path isn't determined so much by human hands and foresight as a roster of subcutaneous supercomputers and more radar than a Nimitz class aircraft carrier. In a testament to the power of our digital age, the least exciting part of this expensive German luxury car is its engine. As with the classic duck metaphor, though the surface of the E-Class is a glassy, unflustered homage to the model's half-century stolid ancestors, underneath is a riot of 1's and 0's clicking madly (silently) to thread the car down the one safest route. That's big. The new E-Class is what Mercedes is calling, without caveats, the “most advanced car” in its portfolio.
That means, in a rare upset, the S-Class will stand in the shadow of the E-Class. Mercedes wouldn't perturb such a balance unless this tech were too good to hold onto. Sounds like it is.
A group of anti-racist activists is upset with the Charlottesville Police Department. The self-proclaimed leftists feel Charlottesville officers are showing racial prejudice.
It all deals with the preparations for the upcoming Ku Klux Klan rally expected in Charlottesville on July 8.
Some group members went to the department to hand-deliver a letter to Chief Al Thomas Friday afternoon. The letter is a list of serious concerns they have with city police officers.
The group says officers have been appearing at the homes and businesses of several activists over the past few weeks asking for potential retaliation plans allegedly in the works for the rally. It says the in-person visits were to people of color, while white activists have received phone calls or emails.
The group also says, whether intended or not, officers are using intimidation through these visits and messages to prevent disruptive responses to the KKK's arrival.
"By escalating tensions and using aggressive tactics among the community you're claiming you're trying to protect, you are breaking down trust, making it impossible to build trust and sort of defeating a chance you would have of fostering that kind of collaborative working relationship for public safety,” Pam Starsia, group member, said.
Starsia, who wrote the letter, says she has spoken with a police captain more than once about concerns with officers visiting those houses. The letter also talks about the different ways police have treated other activists in recent months at various events. Starsia is among those concerned about potential bias in the department.
"Almost 80 percent of CPD stops in this town are of black people and the black population is about 19 percent. All of that evidence is bias, either of implicit or otherwise. There's no reason not to think that that's also being evidence here," Starsia said.
The police department says it has reached out to a number of organizations on all sides that may have plans for the rally. A spokesperson says they insist safety is their number one priority.
GARDAI drove a Junior Minister and his wife 200km to Dublin to catch a flight after their car broke down, it has emerged.
GARDAI drove a Junior Minister and his wife 200km to Dublin to catch a flight after their car broke down, it has emerged.
On-duty gardai drive minister and wife 200km to airport after his chauffeured car breaks down
Junior Minister Dara Murphy was travelling to Dublin Airport from Cork to catch a flight to Brussels for an EU meeting.
However his chauffeured car got into difficulty on the M8 close to Fermoy, The Irish Star reports.
The politician was told it would take over an hour for roadside assistance to arrive, and was unable to secure a taxi.
He also checked availability on afternoon flights to Brussels, however there were no seats available.
On-duty gardai then drove the Minister and his wife Tanya, who was with him in a personal capacity, to the airport.
Dara Murphy
A spokesperson for the Minister said there was sufficient garda cover for the area while he was being driven to Dublin during the incident, which happened earlier this month.
It is estimated that the journey would have cost almost €450 in a taxi.
There are conflicting reports on how garda assistance ended up coming to Mr Murphy's aid.
The Star reports comments from the Minister's spokesperson that the help was offered - however the Irish Examiner reports the Minister as telling the paper he asked Fermoy garda station to send help as it was an 'emergency'.
The spokesperson told the Star: “The assistance of Gardai was offered, not requested, and was only accepted after receiving confirmation that there was sufficient cover.”
However Cork Lord Mayor Chris O'Leary has slammed the Minister, and called for him to repay the cost of the lift.
“It is absolutely outrageous behaviour in today's climate, and I would call on Dara Murphy to account for, and pay back, the cost to the State”, he told the paper.
It is not the first time Mr Murphy has grabbed the headlines.
Just last month it was revealed he had hired a failed politician as his €630 a week chauffeur.
Read more: Minister hires former Fine Gael councillor as a chauffeur on wages of €630 a week
He was also criticised for charging supporters €85 to have breakfast with Justice Minister Frances Fitzgerald in a bid to raise funds for his General Election campaign.
Read More: €85 breakfast with minister to boost funds for election
Online Editors
Founders Story
The founders, Robin Quivers and Brendan Murphy, came together while working on another charitable event for the United Nations Girl Fund, in early 2009. After the event, Robin and Brendan realized that they shared similar aspirations and goals and agreed to come together to form the 15 Foundation. Both founders wanted to make the art of giving a fun process; one in which anyone could participate. Robin and Brendan agreed to combine their resources to maximize the exposure they could provide to worthy charities. Most importantly, Robin and Brendan agreed that the best way to be effective was to put together fun, dynamic events that would bring like-minded, charitable people together for exemplary causes.
FOUNDERS
Robin Quivers
Robin Quivers is best known as the witty, dynamic, female counterpart to Howard Stern on one of the country's most popular radio shows. Such success following her humble start makes giving back a priority for her. She says, "Seeing someone else blossom as a result of some little thing you do is an irreplaceable feeling." Previous charitable endeavors include rallying her girlfriends to raise money for women in a Sudanese refugee camp, sitting on the board of the Child Abuse Prevention Program and appearing on Celebrity Jeopardy to raise money for The Seeds School of Maryland--a non profit boarding school. With the founding of the 15 Foundation Quivers dreams of giving back just got a lot bigger.
STAFF
Vida Mulec - Director
After a professional career in tennis, a BA in Finance at Baylor University and an MA in International Affairs at the New School in New York, Vida chose to embark on an investment banking career at Deutsche Bank. While working on Wall Street, she started volunteering with the International Rescue Committee and seized opportunities that led to travel in several developing countries. During this discovery phase, she realized that her true passion was social change. In 2009 she was part of the international marketing team that launched the MASSIVEGOOD project, a major global fundraising initiative led by the Millennium Foundation and the billion dollar not-for-profit organization UNITAID. In April 2010, Vida took on another exciting challenge alongside Robin Quivers as Director at the 15 Foundation. Contact: vida1@15foundation.org
BOARD MEMBERS
Kris Braaten
Mr. Braaten is the owner and president of a chain of natural health food stores in the Midwest/Chicago area. In addition Kris is a successful real estate developer and expert in green building. Kris brings his expertise in organizational management and strong contacts in the retail business to the 15 Foundation board. Kris is the happy father of 3, a great athlete, and a valued member of the 15 Foundation board.
Jose Andino
Mr. Andino serves as the current Vice President at NBC Universal. Jose spends his time in New York, Miami, and Los Angeles and has developed very strong contacts throughout the broadcasting and television world. A native of Brooklyn, via Puerto Rico, and a graduate of Cornell University, Jose will play a vital role in helping the foundation develop its programs and will serve as the director of the nominating committee.
Neil Everett
Neil Everett is the host of the #1 watched sports program in the world ESPN SPortscenter. Neil brings years of experience and contacts in the sports and broadcasting sector. A former resident of Hawaii and current resident of Venice Beach, Ca., Neil brings a welcome” West Coast” energy to the 15 Foundation. Neil will serve as the voice of the foundation at all of our events and tremendous access to the world of professional sports.
Ken Sadowsky
Beverage industry expert who has been a director of Glaceau (vitaminwater) and his former family-owned distribution company Atlas Distributing of MA. He is currently a director of Vita Coco coconut water, Hint water, and a publicly traded company Millennium Biotechnologies. He also serves as Senior Beverage Advisor to Verlinvest, a Belgian family fund with ties to Anheuser-Busch InBev. He also serves on a Dean's Advisory Council at Tulane U. Ken brings his contacts, business acumen and philanthropic efforts to the 15 Foundation.
Kerry Egan
Kerry lives in San Francisco and owns and operated the Villagio Inn & Spa in Napa Valley, as well Kerry owns and operates the Vintage Inn and V marketplace, also in Napa. Kerry is well known for his creative hospitality and is considered an expert in fine wine as well. Kerry also brings a tremendous experience and success in the hotel and hospitality business and will serve as key member of the board in organizing some of the upcoming 15 events.
Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) took her dazed and confused act to prime-time TV on Monday night, joining CNN's Chris Cuomo for a town hall.
She did her same old tired schtick (more on that later), but the highlight of the night was when Jake Lee, a small business owner from West Hollywood, California, stood up to ask a question.
"Good evening, madam leader. Before the election on November 8, your side of the aisle were asking for the former head of the FBI to resign," said Lee. "Now that he has been let go, why the sudden and selective outrage from your side of the aisle?"
Pelosi was immediately befuddled. "Some people were asking to be let go," she said inexplicably (presumably she meant asking that former FBI Director James Comey be let go). But she went on, her hands flailing about wildly and her eyes growing wide as saucers:
"I said I thought that it wasn't a good — well suit — he wasn't well-suited to the heat that comes with the job, but I never said that he should be fired," Pelosi said.
Perhaps technically true, but you'd have to give her comments back on Nov. 2 a liberal reading. On CNN that day, she suggested Comey might soon be out. "Maybe he's not in the right job," Pelosi said. "I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way." Now if that's not a veiled threat, I don't know what is. And many people in her party were calling for him to be canned.
But back to our story, with Pelosi in mid-gesticulation: "And for the president of the United States to fire with his own self-admission that he didn't like — he was tired of the Russia-Trump probe, is, uh, is, uh, uh, distressing. It's distressing. We believe in the FBI as being an independent law enforcement agency, to be respected, and not to be fired by president because he's tired of an investigation they're doing."
We only see the back of Jake's head as Pelosi answers, but we're assuming he shared that same confused look Pelosi gets whenever she's asked a question.
The former House speaker delivered all her old talking points about how Trump is a danger and a menace to the world, about how great Obamacare is, all the rest.
But Pelosi did say something surprising: She doesn't agree with a lot of her colleagues that Trump should be impeached.
"You're talking about impeachment," she said, "You're talking about 'what are the facts?' Not, 'I don't like him,' and 'I don't like his hair,' what are the facts? 'I don't like what he said about this' — what are the facts that you would make a case on? What are the rules that he may have violated?" she said.
"If you don't have that case, you're just participating in more hearsay. And that's not the basis of a — and we owe the American people just some stability in all of this."
"This is the time where here's supposed to be having his honeymoon — what a marriage!" she said to laughter. "So we watch and see, what he's going to do, what is his vision, how is he going to implement the rest?" she concluded. "And it's been sloppy."
Watch the clip below.
Pelosi on calls to impeach Trump: "We owe the American people ... some stability in all of this" #PelosiTownHall https://t.co/DeLfY6XGCy — CNN (@CNN) May 16, 2017
Follow Joseph Curl on Twitter.
On the History Channel's Ancient Aliens series, they said aliens came to earth to mine gold in order to protect their atmosphere. On radio's Coast to Coast AM, they said our government is shooting gold into the atmosphere to protect us from gamma rays. How do they get the gold to stay up in the sky and not fall back down to earth?
Cecil replies:
The price of gold, last time I checked, was over $1,600 an ounce. So I respectfully suggest a more practical method of protection from gamma rays would be the traditional tinfoil hat. On the larger question of the government (or somebody) spraying things into the atmosphere, whether for good or for ill, the usual reaction is to dismiss such claims as drivel from the black-helicopter crowd, which I acknowledge for the most part they are. However, it's drivel with some basis in fact.
Here are the stories, from farthest to nearest fetched:
1. The source of the wacky yarns on Ancient Aliens is the late Zecharia Sitchin, an amateur archeologist and popular author. Sitchin claimed to have interpreted ancient Sumerian tablets telling of even more ancient astronauts from the planet Nibiru, just outside the orbit of Neptune, who arrived on Earth nearly half a million years ago and created the first humans via genetic engineering as the workforce for their terrestrial gold-mining operation. Why did the Nibiruans need gold? It seems their planet has an extremely elliptical orbit, orbiting the sun once every 3,600 years and periodically looping out to the most distant reaches of the solar system. During their long journey away from the sun, Nibiruans rely on geothermal heat to keep their butts from freezing. To conserve warmth, they inject gold particles into their atmosphere to create a greenhouse effect. This tells us that the notion of fooling with the atmosphere to control the climate goes back a long way — maybe not 500,000 years, but, judging from the publication date of Sitchin's first book, at least to 1976.
2. Psychic medium Christian von Lähr says gamma rays will bombard earth on December 21, 2012 because 2012 marks the “midpoint” of human existence, and ancient texts tell us that “when we reach this point it means that all the major lessons that were necessary for man to serve his purpose will have been learned.” (I get this from the Coast to Coast AM website.) Von Lähr recommends we shoot gold into the atmosphere to protect against the gamma rays — as far as I can tell he doesn't think the government is already doing this. Why gold? Presumably if it worked for the Nibiruans, it'll work for us.
3. What in the World Are They Spraying? is a 98-minute documentary produced by Michael J. Murphy. The gist is that jet contrails are evidence of a secret government project to combat global warming by spraying the atmosphere with aluminum oxide to reflect the sun's rays back into space. The stuff then drifts down and messes with life here on earth. Skeptics have criticized Murphy's evidence on technical grounds having to do with the significance of aluminum levels in water samples and such, but to broadly summarize, they think he's nuts.
Maybe he is. However, another way of looking at it is that he's just premature. Fact is, scientists have been talking for years about shooting aluminum oxide or other substances into the atmosphere to counteract global warming. For example:
4. A research team led by the physicist Edward Teller, better known as the father of the hydrogen bomb, proposed various methods for controlling solar radiation in a 1997 paper. One of them was launching aluminum oxide into the atmosphere.
5. Other scientists, as reported in this column, have proposed artificial volcanoes that would spew sulfur compounds into the air, blocking sunlight and leading to global cooling, as occurred following the eruption of Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines in 1991. Researchers in the UK are about to test a system that one day could use hoses hoisted by balloons to spray particulates into the stratosphere to mimic volcanic cooling.
6. There really is evidence that jet contrails have an impact on climate, although not a deliberate one. As also previously noted here, a study found temperatures were noticeably higher when U.S. aircraft were grounded following 9/11 than immediately before and after.
You're saying: don't encourage these people. I have to ask: which people are we talking about? The chemtrail conspiracy buffs, or the scientists who propose, apparently seriously, that having screwed up the planet by spewing crap into the atmosphere, we can fix things by sending up still more?
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
Image caption Hundreds of children attend the affected clubs
Hundreds of young players could miss out on trips to competitions due to "recreational vandalism" at their west Belfast grounds, a GAA club has said.
Officials at O'Donovan Rossa GAC say they cannot afford to keep replacing windows and fencing which are "constantly" being damaged.
Concerns have also been raised after evidence of night-time drug use on the Shaws Road site.
Two other clubs, Sarsfields and St Paul's, also use the same large site.
They have said they are facing similar problems.
"Recreational vandalism - there's no other way to describe it and these people have no social compass whatsoever," said O'Donovan Rossa trustee Joe McCormack.
"It's causing enormous difficulty to the three clubs that share this rather large site.
"We've got to really stand up to this, because this has the capacity to do enormous damage to the clubs involved."
The three clubs affected have a combined membership of about 1,000 people, hundreds of them children.
O'Donovan Rossa chairman Liam McAuley said: "We have a maintenance guy constantly running up here with a welder, replacing railings, replacing gates - it's just an endless battle and it's money we just can't afford to be spending.
"In a weekend in June we take our kids to Kilkenny to represent Antrim in the all-Ireland feile.
"It's a competition that kids will remember for all their lives.
"If this crime continues we are fighting to participate in this sort of competitions - we don't have the money."
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated. At the time of publication, it represented the best available science.
For most of the past century, the Jakobshavn Glacier, or Jakobshavn Isbræ, along the west coast of Greenland has extended out into the ocean as a long, narrow ice tongue. The glacier drains a large portion of Greenland's ice sheet, and consequently, the glacier has the potential to contribute more to sea level rise than any other single feature in the Northern Hemisphere. On July 6–7, 2010, the glacier retreated by roughly 1 mile (1.5 kilometers). By itself, this breakup was not dramatic, but it continued a pattern of calving and retreat followed by ice flow acceleration that began nearly a decade ago.
These images acquired by the Advanced Land Imager (ALI) on NASA's Earth Observing-1 (EO-1) satellite show Jakobshavn Glacier in 2001 (top) and 2010 (bottom). In 2001, Jakobshavn Glacier extends westward, showing typical features of a glacier, including flow stripes and crevasses. The yellow line in the 2001 image shows the part of the glacier that retreated by early July 2010. In the 2010 image, the same area is mélange—broken glacier ice and sea ice covered with snow.
In 2001, Jakobshavn was already the fastest glacier in the world, flowing from land to sea at 7 kilometers per year. By July 2010, it had accelerated to roughly 15 kilometers per year, and the leading edge had retreated nearly 10 kilometers (6 miles). The glacier withdrew inland to the region where its main two tributaries join, and for the last few years, there have been two fast-flowing glaciers where once there was one.
When an ice tongue such as the Jakobshavn calves, the glacier feeding that ice tongue typically accelerates. Reduced friction between the intact glacier and the bedrock, and reduced buoyancy from the seawater (which partially offsets the glacier's downhill flow) mean less resistance to glacier movement. A 2004 study concluded that, although Jakobshavn had slowed slightly between 1985 and 1992, by the year 2000, the glacier sped up significantly, and it continued accelerating. In 2000, Jakobshavn flowed at roughly 9,400 meters per year. By 2003, it had accelerated to 12,600 meters per year. Jakobshavn's current speed of flow is about 15,000 meters per year.
Warming conditions in the Arctic contribute to glacier acceleration in multiple ways. Warmer conditions can send meltwater to the glacier's base, increasing lubrication and consequently glacier speed. During the winter, the rate of iceberg calving usually slows significantly; the glacier tongue advances, and its flow speed drops. Warm winters, however, may allow iceberg calving and high flow rates to continue.
In the winter of 2010, Jakobshavn's ice front did not re-advance as it usually does, so it began the 2010 melt season in the same location as the 2009 summer melt season. As a result, the glacier had the potential to experience significant retreat during the summer of 2010. The breakup in early July 2010 occurred on the northern tributary to Jakobshavn Glacier. The southern tributary actually drains a larger portion of Greenland's central ice sheet, so a retreat there could lead to a more substantial ice discharge.
NASA Earth Observatory image created by Jesse Allen and Robert Simmon, using EO-1 ALI data provided courtesy of the NASA EO-1 team. Caption by Michon Scott and Ted Scambos, National Snow and Ice Data Center.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. The US will not recognise the outcome of Friday's presidential election run-off in Zimbabwe, a senior state department official has said. Jendayi Frazer said Robert Mugabe could not claim a credible victory while opposition members were being killed. Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has pulled out due to the violence but Mr Mugabe says it will go ahead. A group of southern African leaders are holding an emergency meeting in Swaziland to discuss the crisis. Presidents and senior officials from Swaziland, Angola and Tanzania - members of the Southern Africa Development Community (Sadc) peace and security committee - are expected to discuss the possibility of a transitional government for Zimbabwe. The BBC's Mike Wooldridge says there had been speculation South African President Thabo Mbeki might attend, as he is Sadc's chief mediator. But he has already spoken to some of those attending the meeting and that input will be added to discussions, our correspondent adds. We cannot, under these conditions, recognise the outcome if, in fact, this run-off goes forward
Jendayi Frazer
Assistant US Secretary of State
Zimbabwe and the axis of impunity Mugabe's remarkable comeback New media evades censors Cricket body to mull Zimbabwe ban Meanwhile, UK-based mining giant Anglo American is reported to be investing $400m (£200m) in a Zimbabwe platinum mine, a UK newspaper says. The project, in the central district of Unki, would be the largest foreign investment in the country, the London Times said. News of the investment comes amid mounting calls for increased sanctions on Zimbabwe's regime. Condemnation Mr Tsvangirai, who has been taking refuge in the Dutch embassy in Harare since late Sunday, has called for UN peacekeepers to enter Zimbabwe and protect MDC supporters until a new election can be held. Writing in Britain's Guardian newspaper, Mr Tsvangirai says the standard diplomatic approach has failed to resolve Zimbabwe's crisis and calls for a more "activist strategy". The opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) says some 86 of its supporters have been killed and 200,000 forced from their homes by militias loyal to the ruling Zanu-PF party. The government blames the MDC for the violence. Ms Frazer, Assistant US Secretary of State for African Affairs, said Washington would not recognise the result of any vote held on Friday. "People were being beaten and losing their lives just to exercise their right to vote for their leadership so we cannot, under these conditions, recognise the outcome if, in fact, this run-off goes forward," she said. Her comments came amid growing international condemnation of the political crisis in Zimbabwe. 'Open to talks' The Southern African Catholic Bishops' Conference issued a statement saying "the politically-motivated violence, intimidation and torture have made a just and fair run-off presidential election virtually impossible". "We are deeply concerned at this situation and warn that unless there is a unified effort from the International Community with the leadership of Southern African Countries, the hopeless situation of violence, famine and uncertainty will result in a vast humanitarian crisis that will engulf the whole Southern African region." ZIMBABWE AND ITS NEIGHBOURS Zimbabwe's opposition wants neighbouring countries to persuade Robert Mugabe to step down. So how are relations changing? South Africa's leader Thabo Mbeki remains the key mediator. He has not criticised Mr Mugabe, despite pressure from the ruling ANC. Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa called Zimbabwe a "regional embarrassment", before suffering a stroke on 29 June. Angola's President Jose Eduardo dos Santos is one of Robert Mugabe's closest allies. He has urged Mr Mugabe to end the violence. Botswana said Zimbabwe's 27 June run-off vote was so flawed by violence that it could not be considered legitimate. Namibia is an ally of Robert Mugabe. It wants to re-distribute white-owned farms to black villagers. It has not criticised the violence. Mozambique has hosted some white farmers forced out of Zimbabwe when their land was seized. It is seen as sympathetic to the opposition. Tanzania's ruling party has a history of backing Robert Mugabe's Zanu-PF party. Its foreign minister has condemned the violence. DR Congo's President Joseph Kabila is an ally of Robert Mugabe who sent troops to help his father, Laurent Kabila, fight rebels. Malawi is seen as neutral. But 3m people from Malawi are in Zimbabwe and many were badly hit by the farm invasions. BACK NEXT 1 of 9 Senegals President Abdoulaye Wade who discussed Zimbabwe with Mr Mbeki on Tuesday, said he hoped there could be a power-sharing deal in the form of a transitional government. Mr Mbeki has so far been keeping with his policy of "quiet diplomacy" towards Zimbabwe. Mr Mugabe has said he will be open to negotiations - once the poll has gone ahead. "We are open, open to discussion, but we have our own principles," The Herald newspaper quotes him as saying. No observers A network of election observers has decided that it will not observe the re-run. The Zimbabwe election support network - a grouping of 38 organisations - deployed more than 8,000 monitors during the election in March. But its vice chairperson, Irene Petras, told the BBC it had been struggling to get accreditation. The MDC won the parliamentary vote in March, and claims to have won the first round of the presidential contest - held on the same day - outright. According to official results, Mr Tsvangirai was ahead of Mr Mugabe but failed to gain enough votes to avoid a run-off.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
The House Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act has been handled like a state secret, and now we know why. According to estimates this week from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, about 14 million Americans would lose health insurance coverage in just the first year and 24 million by 2026.
The Affordable Care Act definitely has problems, as we've pointed out on these pages before. But it has provided since its inception health coverage to millions of Americans. The new budget report makes it clear this reform plan isn't the way to go. Stripping millions of Americans of health care is a lose-lose situation - for both struggling Americans and for Republicans, who would go down in history as responsible for a health-care catastrophe.
As President Trump recently acknowledged, reforming the Affordable Care Act is complicated. He pledged in his speech to a joint session of Congress just two weeks ago to replace it with a plan that would give people cheaper insurance, better coverage, more choices, and a continued guarantee that pre-existing conditions won't deny anyone.
It's a tough needle to thread. Republicans do themselves and their country no favors by rushing forward with a plan that could turn already problematic patient care into a chaotic mess.
I purchased ZODI Outback Gear Extreme SC Hot Shower so I don't need to tamper with the batteries. This is a decent bit of designing, exceptionally strong and well thoroughly considered.
See Product Details: ZODI Outback Gear Extreme SC Hot Shower
Some have whined about the time it takes to warm the water, well numerous people don't understand the amount of vitality it takes to make the water warm, so unless you have a framework that can yield this measure of vitality this is an extraordinary arrangement.
It's not difficult to arrange early and one full tank is sufficient for two persons if whatever you do is wash. We make the water hot and utilize a substantial stockpiling container to shower our infant in. I then re-utilize the same water, include a little hotness and have an extraordinary shower.
I utilize my ZODI Outback Gear Extreme SC Hot Shower for around 20 outdoor days a year. I normally fill it 2 times each day, so that is around 200 gives as such. I set the temperature a little higher than required, around 105. No issue. The seals work as if they are new. I simply include a capful of chlorine due to sterilize the water and make it hot to activate.
In the event, that you are utilizing the shower as a part of cool to chilly climate, make beyond any doubt you utilize a shower tent. I own two that I always walk with. One is a solid Paha Que for long stays in blustery climate. The other one is a moment shower tent for 2 days remains. .
ZODI Outback Gear Extreme SC Hot Shower is exceptionally decently fixed, so fare thee well to watch the wellbeing guidelines, especially the part about warming the water just while the hand pump is evacuated so the tank doesn't pressurize like a heater.
The tank is fitted with a security valve, yet you would prefer not to use it for thoughtless utilization. The security valve is valuable for venting the pneumatic stress so the tank can be opened before all the water is gone. Else, you need to open the shower valve, squandering water just to lessen the tank pressure.
We regularly utilized the shower without any warming when the morning is warm, as the cool shower was reviving. Since numerous campgrounds don't have advantageous showers, we truly put this to utilize.
Wearing bathing suits, it's simpler if a companion works the shutoff valve while you work the shower head. This saves water. Working in this way, we had the capacity give around 4 conventional showers from one filling of the water tank.
My just objection on ZODI Outback Gear Extreme SC Hot Shower is that the legs tumble off the base without cautioning, moving it a couple of feet.
They at first seem to stay put. However, they slide off. It would be more pleasant on the off chance that they had a coarse string or some other maintenance.
A few times we'd have the unit set up, need to move it a couple of feet, just to see the legs tumble off when lifting it up.
The tank-mounted thermometer is extremely useful for knowing how warm the water is, it additionally lets you know the surrounding temperature when you haul it out of the convey case.
Since 2003, TheCup.us has been covering the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup from the first qualifying game to the championship game. During that time, the site has done very little editorializing because I decided early on that we would stick to simply being a news outlet. However, now it seems like an appropriate time to share my thoughts on what could be an important, albeit minor, development in the tournament's coverage.
On Tuesday, Jeff Crandall, best known for the time he spent as a writer for the Chicago Fire website, shared on the radio show Soccer Morning (LISTEN HERE) that he is now working for the United States Soccer Federation and will be leading an effort to expand the federation's coverage for the US Open Cup, the tournament that they run. He announced that they have created a Twitter account (@opencup — not to be confused with our own @usopencup account which we launched in 2009) and will be writing stories for the USSF as they try to raise the profile of the competition that was launched back in 1913.
Many fans on social media expected some level of outrage from me, and other expressed their own frustration. The bottom line is I don't understand the outrage. For more than a decade since we launched this site, fans have complained that the Federation doesn't properly promote their own tournament. That's a fair criticism. However, by hiring someone of Crandall's quality (full disclosure: Jeff is a friend of mine, but he is a talented writer despite that) and trying to give the Open Cup more attention on social media, that clearly shows that some effort is being made. Sure, it's taken a while for these steps to be taken, but rather than looking back at what hasn't been done to this point, how about looking ahead at what they're planning to do. Anyone familiar with Crandall's past work and his passion for the Open Cup should feel no small measure of optimism about the sincerity of the effort that's being made.
In other words, you can't complain that the Federation doesn't promote the tournament and then continue to complain when they listen to you and finally start doing it. While we appreciate the support, and appreciate even more the devotion and loyalty that spawned the somewhat negative visceral reaction to what looks at first glance like competition, we are all in this together.
I feel that we do a great job covering the tournament considering our limited time (my twin daughters are now 3 and my son is 7) and resources, but we can't cover it all. If the goal is to create more awareness for the tournament, I'd much rather have two groups tackling it than just one.
I was laid off from my full-time job of managing newspaper websites in February (yes, even the digital side of the newspaper business isn't safe), and I've recruited some very talented people who share my passion and my vision for this tournament. We are in the final stages of a new website design and we will soon have sponsors on board who are looking to reach die-hard soccer fans across the country (you, most likely). The goal is to see if we can make this into a profitable enterprise so that we can expand our coverage even further.
Neither Jeff nor I will get rich from all this. He and the Federation are not taking money out of my pocket or depriving me of a livelihood. We're each doing this for the same main reason, to promote the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup to the best of our abilities.
Aside from the new site, nothing is going to change about the way TheCup.us operates, other than continuing to improve year-after-year as we always do. We have a lot of exciting things in the works for our coverage so don't worry about that. We aren't going anywhere.
The bottom line is, follow @opencup and follow @usopencup on Twitter, like us on Facebook, join the conversation on Reddit, use this year's hashtag #USOC2015 and support the tournament no matter who is covering it. Attend games, share stories on social media, tell your friends, and support the companies who sponsor Open Cup coverage (we'll have some coming soon!). Do what you can, just as you always have, to raise the profile of the tournament and hopefully it will eventually get the attention of the powers that be and give them the ammunition they need to convince a TV network of the vast potential of this competition. After all, there is nowhere to go but up from here.
Josh Hakala is the creator/senior editor of TheCup.us and a freelancer broadcaster who can be reached on his personal Twitter account @JoshHakala. Anyone interested in contributing to TheCup.us either as a writer, website designer or a graphics guru, email him here.
KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's prime minister on Thursday blamed ousted President Viktor Yanukovich for the deaths of dozens of anti-government protesters shot by police snipers and urged Russia to hand him over to face charges.
Arseny Yatseniuk made his comments to Reuters after Ukraine's security service (SBU) blamed the killing of more than 100 protesters in mid-February on the Berkut riot police but said Yanukovich had been involved in planning the operation.
The SBU also said representatives of Russia's FSB security force had been at the SBU headquarters in Kiev - under the previous government - during three months of protests, and that Russia had flown explosives into Ukraine as they worsened.
The hints of Russian involvement could further strain ties with Ukraine's former Soviet master, which annexed the Crimea region after Yanukovich's removal from power in what has become the worst East-West standoff since the Cold War.
Yanukovich has taken refuge in Russia and denied ordering the shootings. Asked in an interview whether he held the deposed president responsible for the protesters' deaths, Yatseniuk said it was a matter for the prosecutor general to decide.
“But as a politician I can state that the former president is personally responsible and we would like to bring ... (him) to justice,” he said. “It is unacceptable when the Russian Federation covers for a man who is under investigation for the charges of mass murder and crimes against humanity.”
The new government has faced pressure to identify and punish the killers in an event which was a turning point in the Moscow-backed Yanukovich's ultimately doomed struggle to retain power.
“The former government of the country gave criminal orders and a huge number of people suffered in the ‘mincer',” Interior Minister Arsen Avakov told a news conference that announced the initial findings of an investigation into the shooting.
Rooftop snipers picked off protesters and medical workers on February 20. Many died on the spot from shots to the neck and scores of bodies were left strewn on the ground in central Kiev.
One day after the killings, which followed three months of mainly peaceful protests over Yanukovich's decision to spurn closer trade and political ties with the European Union, the president fled Kiev. He was deposed by parliament on February 22.
The prosecutor general said 12 members of the Berkut had been detained on suspicion of shooting peaceful participants in the protests.
Acting Attorney General Oleh Makhnitsky said the detainees were members of a special force in the Berkut called the ‘Black Unit' and the head of the SBU said members of a special unit within SBU had also been involved.
In late February the Interior Ministry disbanded the Berkut, whose name means golden eagle.
Ukrainians look at a "Wanted" notice for fugitive Ukrainian President Victor Yanukovich, plastered on the window of a car used as barricade near Kiev's Independent Square, in this file picture taken February 24, 2014. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
RUSSIAN EXPLOSIVES
The presence of members of Russia's FSB, a successor of the KGB, at the SBU's headquarters in Kiev implied there had been active Russian involvement in events in Ukraine, SBU chief Valentyn Nalyvaichenko said.
“We have reasonable grounds to believe that these groups ... participated in the planning and implementation of the so-called anti-terrorist operation,” he said.
The FSB denied any involvement. Russia's RIA news agency quoted it as saying: “Let these statements be on the conscience of the Ukrainian Security Services.”
Nalyvaichenko also said that planes loaded with 5,100 kilograms of Russian-made explosives and other materials had landed at an aerodrome near Kiev from the Russian city of Chkalovsk in January.
“They brought the means of organizing the shooting and destruction of our protesters on Maidan,” he said, referring to the central Kiev square which became the heart of the protests.
Russia has denied any involvement in Kiev's unrest, suggesting that the protests were partly funded by the West.
Konstantin Dolgov, a Russian Foreign Ministry official responsible for human rights issues, said on Twitter it would be wrong to draw “hasty and politicized conclusions based on material and hypotheses that have ‘suddenly' surfaced'”.
The findings of Ukrainian security chiefs' investigation and the Berkut arrests go some way towards meeting demands for justice over the killings. But many Ukrainians, disillusioned with what they see as a corrupt and mismanaged political system, want more dramatic change.
Slideshow (7 Images)
“The authorities want to appease us with these arrests. They've not done enough and we see only cosmetic changes and we want radical reforms,” said Ivan Kochmar, a 37-year-old resident of Kiev.
Anatoly Dekin, from Crimea, welcomed the moves, saying it would be “nonsense” if the killers were not convicted as they were “monsters who killed ordinary people”.
Another Kiev resident, who gave his name only as Sergei, said the blame must be placed elsewhere: “The main people who gave the orders are from the Kremlin.”
She's a young girl in a serious battle with cancer. And on Saturday, her favorite rapper paid her a visit.
We first told you about 15-year-old Kennedy Brown on Thursday. The Carnegie Vanguard high school student is suffering from brain cancer. Her wish was to meet superstar rapper Drake; a dream that has come true.
Home video captured the hip hop star's visit to Houston Saturday to meet Kennedy, one of his biggest fans. Photos of his surprise visit were shared with Eyewitness News.
We first met some of Kennedy's friends earlier in the week.
"To see her go through this, it just makes me really sad," said classmate Lyric Baldridge through tears in our story on Thursday.
They told us about a big surprise they pulled off at their school for Kennedy.
"We only had like two days the plan," said Baldridge.
They threw her a 'high school in a day' experience, crowned her prom queen and congratulated her in a private graduation ceremony.
But there was one thing they couldn't do and asked for our help.
"We would ask all of your viewers to hashtag 'drakeforken,'" said Kennedy's friend Payton Campbell.
Within hours of airing our story, it went viral, trending in Houston and other US cities. Twitter lit up with #drakeforken.
People from across the country sent thousands of tweets to get Drake's attention.
"So we can get him to come see her or send something for her because that would mean the world to her," said Campbell.
Kennedy's father told us Drake called late Friday night to say he was going to make a trip to Houston just for Kennedy.
It's an unforgettable act of kindness and a smile from a girl who's fighting a difficult battle. Kennedy's father told us he wanted to thank everyone in Houston for their support and her classmates. It has meant the world to his family and Kennedy.
And we at ABC13, are honored to have been able to share her story.
Take ABC13 with you!
Download our free apps for iPhone, iPad and Android devices
A complete reorganisation of the Dublin Bus network, which could see decades-old bus routes axed and new ones introduced, is to get under way this summer.
The National Transport Authority (NTA) has engaged US-based transport consultants Jarrett Walker to undertake a full redesign of Dublin bus routes, the first complete overhaul of the network in its history.
The redesign has been sought to reflect the major transport changes in the city including the introduction later this year of the Luas Cross city line, the opening of the Phoenix Park Tunnel, as well as recent and upcoming changes to the road network.
The review is not a cost-saving exercise and no passengers will be left without a service, the NTA said.
“The objective of the review and redesign will be to increase bus patronage and improve the efficiency of the overall bus network across the Dublin area, as well as ensuring appropriate integration with the other imminent transport developments.”
Mr Walker will hold meetings with each of the four Dublin local authorities next month before a six- to eight-week public consultation process begins. The redesign of the network will be completed by the end of the year, with implementation to start in the first half of 2018.
‘Radial system'
The review will encompass all 99 Dublin Bus daytime routes, 13 “X” routes, which are limited-stop versions of certain daytime routes, and 18 Nitelink routes.
“There has been a lot of emphasis over the years on the overreliance of the network on the radial system with all routes leading to the city centre. A lot of our bus routes date from, and are based on, the route of the old trams, ” a spokesman for the NTA said.
“The review will focus on people's transport needs. Would people prefer buses with less frequent stops, which get them to their destination faster, to a bus nearer their front door? How can we facilitate transfers between bus routes and between buses and trains? Every bus route will be reviewed to see how its working.”
The redesign will be the first major review of the network since Dublin Bus announced its Network Direct programme in 2010. Unlike the new review, Network Direct was a cost-reduction programme designed to save the company €12 million. A number of routes were amalgamated leading to protests in some communities.
The network redesign is one of a range of measures designed to improve bus services the NTA plans to publish later this month. The authority plans to increase the number of bus “priority” routes, where buses have dedicated lanes or traffic light priority, to move to a cashless payment model, and to improve passenger information at stops.
It will also outline progress towards developing a Bus Rapid Transit system, first announced three years ago, which would see high capacity services on three routes: Blanchardstown to UCD, Clongriffin to Tallaght, and Swords to City Centre.
“Man must rise above Earth to the top of the atmosphere and beyond,
for only then will he fully understand the world in which he lives.”
– Socrates (469-399 BC) The realization of Socrates' vision was thousands of years in the making. On a summer day in 1969, the eyes of half a billion people around the world were glued to their television sets, and watched it happen. On July 20, astronaut Neil Armstrong planted the first human foot onto a world that wasn't our own, and declared it to be “one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.” And it was a leap into a new age of exploration. The realization of Socrates' vision was thousands of years in the making. On a summer day in 1969, the eyes of half a billion people around the world were glued to their television sets, and watched it happen. On July 20, astronaut Neil Armstrong planted the first human foot onto a world that wasn't our own, and declared it to be “one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.” And it was a leap into a new age of exploration. Since the earliest days of space exploration, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has been at the forefront. With some of the world's most brilliant engineers, mathematicians, and scientists the agency has led the way into uncharted territory. NASA has effectively opened up a new era of human spaceflight through its brave and relentless efforts to explore the infinite void. But when you launch human lives into the far reaches of our known galaxy, there is no margin for error, no room for distraction, and no place for careless mistakes. The 1975 NASA Graphics Standard Manual also played a role in that dedication to precision. The part it played—in the design of everything from letterheads to space shuttle signage—was one of many parts that helped unify the intergalactic institution as it journeyed into the outer cosmos, in the years following man's first steps on the moon. And leading the way in creating that aesthetic—one that would define a modernist vision for mankind's venture into the great beyond—was a designer from a small town in Oklahoma, who had a distinctive and optimistic vision of the future. “I think space exploration ranks at the very top of any human endeavor,” he says, overlooking his front yard at home in Napa, California. “It's almost the most stimulating challenge for man that I can think of.” His name is Richard Danne, and his vision would come to help push humanity onward and upward.
Man on the Moon Until the early 1970s, design standards across US government agencies and institutions were almost non-existent. NASA's first official insignia was determined, by a design competition among the agency's employees, in 1959—a full decade before Armstrong was to step off his ladder and onto the surface of the moon. The winning entry came from employee James Modarelli and incorporated a planet, stars, a chevron wing (a revolutionary concept at the time), and an orbiting spacecraft—an illustration that later became known as the “Meatball” logo. The insignia was a mashup of visual metaphors, and although it represented the goals of the agency, it was far from ideal. It was difficult to reproduce, and almost impossible to print accurately, due to the limitations of printing technology at the time. In 1971, after corporate identity design had been shown to have an important function in the world of modern business, President Nixon directed the heads of all federal departments and agencies to clean up their design standards. It was an initiative that became known as the Federal Design Improvement program. Like all other government agencies, NASA was long overdue for a design overhaul. But the task was unique—an ‘otherworldly' design challenge. After all, how does one even begin to craft an identity for an institution built upon the concept of exploring the unknown, with the possibility of encountering extraterrestrial life forms?
Feet in the Dirt Richard Danne was born in 1934, at the depth of the Great Depression. Raised on a farm in Oklahoma during the Dust Bowl, he grew up preferring the trumpet to the pencil. Even so, after attending Oklahoma State University, his penchant for hard work and a natural curiosity about the changing state of graphic communication led him to UCLA's Graduate School of Design. But the most important design work was being done in New York, so in 1963, in a leap of faith, he packed his suitcase and took a one-way trip across the country. Within months, Danne had established himself within New York's tight-knit graphic design scene. After a few years of various projects ranging from film titles to creating the identity for Harvard Business School, a mutual friend introduced him to Bruce Blackburn, a fellow New York designer. After discovering that they both shared a similar philosophy of design, they founded Danne & Blackburn and began to take on projects together. And how better to launch a design agency with a bang, than to redesign the visual identity of a space agency? With the recent success of the Mercury and Apollo space programs, NASA felt a growing need for a new ‘look'. It was one of the first federal agencies to call for proposals after the establishment of the Federal Design Improvement program. Although they didn't know it at the time, Richard Danne and Bruce Blackburn were about to embark on a project that would be one of the most iconic and timeless pieces in the history of graphic design.
Vertical Thrust “What we decided to do, after we'd done an awful lot of experimentation and looking at different kinds of symbols and logos and things, was done something radically different from what NASA had done before,” explains Danne. “What they had been doing previously was just sticking the Meatball logo on very cluttered materials. They were shockingly bad.” Danne and Blackburn's initial pitch presentation, held in a dark room with 8 NASA executives and a slide projector, was met with a mix of enthusiasm and restraint. While the agency was in dire need of a revamped design program, the original NASA employees were still very drawn to the nostalgia surrounding the original Meatball logo. “We went there with only this one solution, which today is almost unheard of, and back then it was very unusual for somebody to come to a major presentation with a single solution,” says Danne. “But what we did was do about 25 demonstrations of applications of our logotype to show that it was not just a badge, but it was a working and comprehensive system all done with paper, pen, and ink. It took a tremendous amount of investment on our part, but we did the signing, interior and exterior. We did aircraft. We did the shuttle. It was just coming into being. No one was quite sure what it was going to look like yet.”
According to Danne, the now-legendary presentation produced some of the most interesting exchanges he has ever heard in his professional design career. He specifically remembers one that took place between NASA's Administrator, Dr. James Fletcher, and the Deputy Administrator, Dr. George Low: Fletcher: “I'm simply not comfortable with those letters; something is missing.”
Low: “Well, yes, the cross stroke is gone from the letter A.”
Fletcher: “Yes, and that bothers me.”
Low: “Why?”
Fletcher: (long pause) “I just don't feel we are getting our money's worth!” But Danne and Blackburn pushed on with their futuristic vision for the agency. “After the initial showing of the logo, you could tell that they were stunned, but as we added to it and kept playing out the applications, you could see that the room was just warming up, because they quickly saw that this was a program and not just an ornamentation above.” In line with the nature of the Federal Design Improvement program, NASA wasn't required to give Danne and Blackburn a yes or no answer immediately. After they arrived back in New York, the designers continued working on the logo; adding various cross-strokes and color variations. After a few days of waiting, they got the call… “It's a Go!”
The Overhaul Described by Danne as “clean, progressive, legible from a mile away, and easy to use across all mediums,” the futuristic new logotype was the most distinguishable feature, and the central element, in NASA's 1975 Graphic Standards design program overhaul. In the logotype, the letters N-A-S-A are reduced to their most simplified form, and all are formed by a red stroke that has the same width throughout the entirety of the design. In doing this, Danne and Blackburn effectively captured two unique qualities that were paramount in establishing the character of the agency: unity and technical precision. They made the decision to eliminate the cross-strokes in each of the two ‘A's to suggest what they called a “vertical thrust” that reflected a space shuttle launch and the future-oriented character of NASA. “The new logotype is pleasing to the eye and gives a feeling of unity, technological precision, thrust, and orientation toward the future,” said NASA Administrator James C. Fletcher, as he formally introduced it to the agency. “Unity, technology, pioneering achievement—that's what NASA is all about.”
Combined with a dizzying array of applications ranging from letterheads and film titles to uniforms and the space shuttle, the comprehensive system covered every branch of the agency. “Whether it's used as a stem word or just a graphic guideline, it's simple almost to a fault, but it's still very technical, it's still very streamlined,” says Danne. “I think, having worked with applying it for over a decade, the greatest single feature is its flexibility. You can do so much with it, starting from that simple base, and you can certainly put it on much more competitive printed materials and things, whether that be on screen or on paper or whatever it is. It's incredibly flexible, and our system was intended to do that.” But in an agency rooted in the nostalgia and wonderment that had existed long before Armstrong made his giant ‘leap for mankind', not everyone would embrace the futuristic vision of the agency's new visual identity.
TBILISI, DFWatch–About 200 viral meningitis patients out of 400 have left hospital, according to Georgia's Health Minister, Davit Sergeenko.
He says the number of cases of viral meningitis has gone down in the large cities, after the outbreak peaked on May 23.
Classes will resume in schools and kindergartens from Monday. Teaching was suspended May 21 due to an increase in the number viral meningitis cases.
Sergeenko said on Friday that in the regions, the number of cases has not yet been reduced, but failed to put specify exactly how many such cases are confirmed as of May 30. He said, ‘about 200 patients' have been sent home from hospital in all of Georgia.
“[The number of] cases was reduced in Kutaisi and in Batumi, but in the regions there is no such trend yet. But the number of hospitalized patients are reduced there too,” he said.
According to the most recent data, there are 220 infected in Tbilisi, 63 in Kutaisi, 19 in Rustavi and 20 in Adjara.
0 Huskies linebacker suspended from UW football program after arrest
University of Washington star linebacker Azeem Victor was suspended indefinitely from the team on Wednesday, Nov. 15.
The senior was arrested for driving under the influence.
And this is the second time Victor has been suspended this season. He missed the season opener against Rutgers for an undisclosed reason.
"It's a pretty big shocker,” Brandon Gabor, a University of Washington sophomore, said.
According to King County Jail records, Victor was booked early Sunday morning for DUI and then released a few hours later.
Huskies head football coach Chris Petersen released this statement: "We take these matters very seriously, and have suspended Azeem from our team indefinitely as we continue to gather details about this incident."
"He's a good coach. He's an honorable man,” said Sara Moonka, a junior at UW, regarding Petersen's decision to suspend Victor. “He's like, 'I'm not gonna take that from one of my players.' I respect that."
The students at University of Washington are just crushed to hear the news about Victor. Here's a player who entered the year as a preseason All-American. The students know just what he meant to the Husky football program.
"I think he's one of the leaders on the team for sure, especially on defense,” Noah Thompson, a UW sophomore, said. “He's like the Jake Browning [Washington's starting quarterback] of defense I guess."
"He's one of the best in the Pac-12, and one of the best in the nation at what he does,” said Gabor.
"It's his last year [and you hate to see this happen]. He should be playing [right now],” said Moonka. “He should be thinking about like a future in the NFL, but instead this happens."
And it happened to a player that at one point was projected to be picked very high in the 2018 NFL draft.
But with all of these off the field issues, that's now in question.
Trending headlines
DOWNLOAD OUR FREE NEWS APP
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Epilepsy affects about 2.2 million Americans, according to the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences report. Onset occurs at any age; how ever is most common in children, the elderly and those with traumatic head injuries such as athletes and veterans.
Sofie was just 5 when her parents noticed the brief blank staring spells. “She would just check-­‐‑out for a second or two, cognitively she was gone,” Brad says. “We couldn't get a handle on it. We couldn't tell if she was playing with us. Then she lost speech and we knew something was wrong.” Three years and many treatments later, the seizures only intensified.
“Epilepsy is the fourth most common neurological disorder in the U.S. after migraine, stroke and Alzheimer's disease, yet it receives less than a tenth of the research funding of any one of them.” Fortunately, the Levys found that brain surgery was Sofie's best option, not last option. They headed to UCLA for testing and surgery, and the rest is now history.
With no big name celebrity spokesperson and with centuries of stigma, epilepsy is in the shadows. Too few talk about it, often doctors miss epilepsy until a convulsion occurs. Epilepsy is not well understood, is under diagnosed, and new treatments are slow to come to market, leaving over 30% of the children with uncontrolled epilepsy.
“Sofie was lucky, we could get to the source of the seizures. Stopping the seizures allowed the other parts of her brain to function well so she could live well. Since surgery she has been seizure free, doing great in school, learned Hebrew and sign language, and has started studying Neurodiagnostics, so that she can soon be a working EEG Tech. Sofie's father, Brad, now runs a private, in-­‐‑home EEG monitoring service, EEG TO GO catering to kids with Autism and Epilepsy. Sofie plans to follow that same road.
In addition to gathering folks this November, a new found focus for this event will be to spread awareness for the new International Epilepsy Day. “We're hoping that all of our guests will go back to their home towns and spread the word that there is now an international day for hope. We're just super excited.” said Brad Levy, event director.
Join over 2,500 anticipated ticketed participants us as we flood the Disneyland Park in our EADDL puprle event T-­Shirts on what would ordinarily be a slow day! Also check the website for more information and for links for ticket purchases and discounted hotel rates.
www.epilepsyawarenessday.org
The office of the Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen announced on Friday that the country may expand its anti-Daesh campaign in Syria by sending F-16 fighter jets, C130J transport aircraft and 400 military personnel to the war-torn country.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The decision is yet to be approved, with the parliament expected to vote on the issue next month, the prime minister's office said in a statement.
"The government wants to intensify the fight against the terrorist organization ISIL [Daesh]. We need a focus and great force to fight ISIL unscrupulously terrorizing and killing innocent men, women and children," Rasmussen said while commenting on the government initiative.
© AP Photo / French Army US-Led Coalition Launches 14 Airstrikes Against Daesh in Syria, Iraq
Denmark is part of a US-led anti-terrorist coalition, which has been fighting terrorists from the air since 2014, having contributed seven F-16 fighters to help the joint forces fight Daesh.
In November, a series of terrorist attacks occurred in the French capital of Paris, killing over 130 people. Daesh claimed responsibility for the Paris attacks.
Denmark was one of several European countries that stepped up security following the Paris attacks, in the wake of which Copenhagen stated to consider Danish airstrikes in Syria.
Takahashi Hisachika illustrates the concept of his From Memory project (all images courtesy Sean Kelly gallery) Famous artists draw maps of America from memory Takahashi Hisachika's "From Memory" project offers an abstract visualization of knowing and remembering
Jorge Luis Borges' well-known short story “On Exactitude in Science” describes a faded Empire in which a Cartographer's Guild had attained such fidelity in their trade that tattered maps were perfectly superimposed upon the mouldering ruin of the land itself. An exhibition opening September 13 at Sean Kelly gallery imagines the precise inverse, pairing memory and cartography to explore the abstractions produced when mental and physical space are entwined. The show, titled From Memory, presents a 1971–1972 project by Takahashi Hisachika in which the Japanese artist, then living in New York, asked 22 of his peers to draw the United States from memory.
That group included a number of significant participants, including Jasper Johns, Joseph Kosuth, Robert Rauschenberg, and Gordon Matta-Clark. Each respondent imbued their drawing with the kinks of their memory and the idiosyncrasies of their aesthetic expression, each map a depiction of physical territory as mediated by an indelible and highly personal process of knowing and remembering.
Advertisement:
[caption id="attachment_13470204" align="alignnone" width="640" caption="Cy Twombly"] [/caption]
[caption id="attachment_13470206" align="alignnone" width="640" caption="James Rosenquist (recto)"] [/caption]
[caption id="attachment_13470208" align="alignnone" width="640" caption="Dorothea Rockburne"] [/caption]
[caption id="attachment_13470209" align="alignnone" width="640" caption="Robert Rauschenberg"] [/caption]
[caption id="attachment_13470212" align="alignnone" width="640" caption="Gordon Matta-Clark"] [/caption]
[caption id="attachment_13470214" align="alignnone" width="640" caption="Mel Bochner"] [/caption]
Advertisement:
[caption id="attachment_13470217" align="alignnone" width="640" caption="Joseph Kosuth"] [/caption]
From Memory is on view at Sean Kelly gallery (475 Tenth Avenue, Chelsea, Manhattan) from September 13 through October 19, with an opening reception on September 12 from 6–8pm.
More Hyperallergic
BREAKING: MULTIPLE INJURED in Elementary School Shooting in San Bernardino
This story is developing currently.
Monday afternoon, at an elementary school in San Bernardino, a shooting occurred with multiple people allegedly shot, there was one shooter involved.
San Bernardino Live video Update 4 victims, possible Murder Suicide. pic.twitter.com/vbNy4ksXsz — M. Jennings (@RealFriscoKid) April 10, 2017
3 people confirmed shot 1 shooter/suspect is either in custody or dead Rest of children evacuated to safety in park#SanBernardino — Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 10, 2017
The suspect is down but we have no verification yet whether they are dead or in custody.
San Bernardino police believe the situation to be a murder-suicide.
Local KTLA reported:
At least four victims have been located after a shooter walked on to the North Park Elementary School campus in San Bernardino and opened fire in a possible murder-suicide, officials said. The shooter was also possibly down, according to a tweet from San Bernardino Police Department Chief Jarrod Burguan, who said the information was preliminary. Burguan later tweeted that the shooting was a suspected murder-suicide. Two students were transported to a local hospital after the incident, which took place in a classroom, he said. The San Bernardino County Fire first confirmed there were multiple victims at approximately 10:45 a.m., but did not provide a count.
(UPDATE: Nov. 4, 6:20 p.m. — Presley was waived Tuesday. He will likely be placed on the Panthers' practice squad.)
(UPDATE, No. 2: Nov. 5, 6:30 p.m. — Ogbonnaya was re-signed Wednesday.)
The Panthers made a couple roster moves on Monday, activating De'Andre Presley from the physically unable to perform list and releasing running back Chris Ogbonnaya.Presley, who had surgery in August for a stress fracture in his left shin, was put on the PUP list before the season. He returned when he was eligible to practice three weeks ago, and the Panthers had to make a decision about his status this week. His promotion to the active roster could be temporary. The team may release Presley in hopes of adding him to their practice squad, something that would have been tougher to do if they cut him from the PUP list.A former Appalachian State quarterback and defensive back, Presley was on the Panthers' practice squad last year as a cornerback. He switched to receiver this offseason, but he was back at defensive back the last two weeks, helping out the depleted defensive backfield.Ogbonnaya, who was added in late September after a rash of injuries at running back, had 14 carries for 50 yards and scored a 1-yard touchdown in Week 5 against the Bears.
Christmas is almost upon us, everyone! That sweet stretch of the calendar where board games take center stage, or at the very leastthe stage with potatoes and Jesus Christ.
Are you thinking about buying a new game to play with your relatives? Or are you wondering which game to buy for the stalwart board game collector in your life?
Either way, we've got you covered with the below holiday game guide. Enjoy, everyone!
Board Games to Play with your Family
The following list is made up of games that are fantastic fun, have simple rules, can be played with a variety of player counts and have accessible theming (meaning they don't feature orcs, killing, or the killing of orcs). In other words, they're the games that we'd take home to our own nervy mums and stressed siblings.
Paul: Oh my goodness, yes, we've picked this based on tempting people to the table, not turning them off with elf overload.
Quinns: Since I'm kicking off, I'm going to trumpet my top game first. Mysterium is a beautiful, broody box that challenges everyone to solve a murder together in a haunted mansion, using nothing more than the strikingly-illustrated dream cards handed out by the person playing the role of… the deceased. You can watch our extravagant, costumed playthrough here, and see our “Learn to Play” video here.
If you think your family would prefer a crime that's a bit more grounded in reality, Sherlock Holmes Consulting Detective: The Thames Murders and Other Cases offers all sorts of coyly written cases for your family to crack with real-world wit over several hours. Alternatively, Watson & Holmes (pictured above) offers the same thing but in a competitive format, with everyone running around London and scribbling notes separately, trying to solve the crime first. In other words, it's like Clue but good.
For a co-op puzzle that's a little faster and cheaper than either of these, pick up one of the fantastic EXIT series, which offer a memorable escape room in a tiny box. There are a few competing games that do this, but EXIT does so with by far the most style.
Paul: It's so very nice to think of everyone co-operating together over the holiday season, but what if you want to get a little more wicked? Spyfall and its sequel are still two of the best, funniest and easiest party games out there. Both have everyone trying to sniff out who in their midst has not been dealt the same location card as the rest of them, by asking oblique questions like “Hey you, what's the weather like here?” or “How would you get out if there's a fire?” Not only is it constantly hilarious, though the game has rules for how you track scores and time rounds, nobody I know cares. We just laugh as we try to catch a liar.
Similarly, Diamant (pictured above), aka Incan Gold, is such a divinely devilish push-your-luck game that I'm jealous that I didn't come up with it myself. You're all delving underground for ancient treasures, exploring tile by tile, with each new step revealing either more treasure or more danger. You can choose to cut and run at any point, but if other people leave with you, you split the spoils. Head onward and you may uncover more, but if you come across two dangers of the same type then everyone who hasn't left loses. Simple. Brutal. Greedy.
Quinns: If your family likes trivia, Wits & Wagers is the board game community's quiz game of choice. Rather than the uncomfortable pressure of having to publicly answer questions, everyone writes down their answers to impossible questions at the same time AND gets to bet on whose answer they think will be the closest to the mark. Wits & Wagers is, however, America-focused in its questions. For our UK audience I'd recommend the still-excellent Mr Lister's Quiz Shootout.
“My family will start frowning if I pull out a big box!” you cry? Not to worry! If your family are nervous about committing to large-scale fun, here are some smaller boxes that look significantly less intimidating…
Since we first discovered Skull this site hasn't shut up™ about it. If your family likes bluffing and catching one another out then you should buy it immediately. It packs a huge amount of game into hardly any rules at all, and players will soon find themselves honking and clapping like trained seals at clever or cruel plays. You could also get Cockroach Poker, which is just as good, just as mean but has some really cute illustrations of cheeky little bats, toads and (yes!) cockroaches.
Then there's Codenames, of course. This team game of sending codewords to your teammates took the board gaming scene by storm in recent years, and for good reason. A single game of it is very quick, plays up to 10 people, and is spectacularly tense.
Paul: Oh absolutely, yes, and the new pictorial version, Codenames Pictures, is arguably even weirder.
Quinns: Do you have to cater to kids? No problem. Flick ‘Em Up (seen below) lets you play out a wild west shootout on your dining room table, with players taking turns to nudge their cowboys around town and flick bullets at one another in a contest that is both very silly and absurdly evocative. It's also available in wood or a cheaper plastic edition. If the thought of rescuing tiny cowboys from under the fridge fills you with dread, Loony Quest is another great kid-friendly game that sees everyone trying to draw a line through a maze on a slip of transparent plastic, then popping it onto the maze to see how they did. It's fiendishly tricky and couldn't be simpler.
Paul: Also fun for all ages is Crossing, with it's almost painfully simple premise: Simultaneously point at piles of gems and win them… just as long as nobody points at what you want. Except there are fewer piles than there are players, so there's always going to be a clash. But what if you could also point at someone else's stash the round after they won it? It barely even sounds like a game, but it's marvelous.
Quinns: Finally, there are the two games that – full disclosure! – this very site has designed expansion packs for. Moniker offers the excellent public domain game where players have to get their team to guess the names of people against the clock, except with a couple of extra rounds and literally hundreds of funny pre-written cards.
And then there's The Metagame, which is really ten games in one box, all of which use the game's hundreds of beautifully-illustrated culture cards. It's really better seen than explained. Fortunately, you can see us playing it right here (and if you'd like to preorder our expansion here).
Double-finally, in the spirit of Christmas, here's SU&SD business manager Chris with a few suggestions of his own!
Chris: Holiday boardgaming goes back forever in my family, but it took very careful purchasing to take us from Hearts, Rummikub, and Scrabble to games I'll still enjoy when the card corners wear thin. But mention player aids or victory points and dad's not leaving the couch, and everyone better ‘get it' after the first round or it'll never be seen again. But that doesn't mean we haven't had a ton of success over the years!
Bohnanza is a weird and wonderful classic, and such a unique card game of bean farming and trading that you really shouldn't miss it. Which you probably haven't because it's been around since the ‘90s. And don't forget Sushi Go! (seen above), which Quinns once called “possibly a better 7 Wonders.” It is for sure faster, cuter, and more intuitive. It's also my sister's favourite game.
Does your family like numbers? If so, let's talk auctions. For Sale is a pocket sized card game where you bid on properties of varying decrepitude, and then sell them for all you can. It's quick and easy, which means everyone will want to play again the minute you finish. If this kind of game is your grandmother's jam then also check out the Canadianly named No Thanks! which turns the formula on its head and everyone bids to take the fewest points.
The Game of 49 isn't quite a card game like the last two – it's more or less bingo with bidding – but the new edition is cheap, and your family just might love it. But this year I'm excited to introduce the family to Modern Art (seen below), a game that is 4 different types of auctions in one box! Hmm. I wonder if we have a problem?
Moving swiftly along, I actually prefer Deception: Murder in Hong Kong to Mysterium. The magic that happens when the right combo is discovered, or just enough doubt has swayed the investigation away from the truth is a thrill for me every time, regardless of which side I'm on. And on the subject of collaborative puzzles, I still can't find a better co-operative puzzle than Burgle Bros.
Board Games for that Special Gamer
Quinns: Any of the games on the above family-friendly list would make awesome gifts, especially Watson & Holmes, a fantastic game that slipped a lot of the board game community by upon release. That said, as a species, board gamers tend to get excited by big boxes with lots of pieces and a worryingly long manual. If you want to buy that board gamer in your life something a little… stronger, here are some excellent new(ish) games. Lots more can be found by clicking the “SU&SD Recommends” button on our Games Page (it can take a bit to load, because it's just that bloated with Good Times).
Let's start with the big boy. The brand-new Twilight Imperium 4th edition (seen above) is essentially a space opera in a box. It's an absolutely enormous game with a price tag to match: $130 is the cheapest I could find it. That said, it's so impractically big that it's the sort of thing people won't buy for themselves, which makes it a good, extravagant gift.
If you wanted to buy something almost as generous as Twilight Imperium, but your friend is more into puzzles and management than EPIC LASER DEATH, A Feast for Odin is a game of managing a viking settlement, and an absolute labor of love from designer Uwe Rosenberg. There's not much interaction between players, but you're so wrapped up in your own problems that you'll hardly notice.
Chris: Another option if you're really looking to blow the budget, Crokinole is by no means new or complicated, but a Crokinole board is a lovely wooden centerpiece to any game collection, and I have yet to find a dexterity game I'd rather play. It's curling meets marbles with little wooden disks, and has always been a family favourite, coming out every Christmas since as far back as I can remember.
Paul: Moving onto games that are heavier while not being that expensive, the recent re-release of the Tigris & Euphrates (seen above) raised a lot of ears, eyebrows and hairpieces (don't ask). If someone important in your life really wants to chew over some deliciously deep decisions, really wants to bite into something maths-y and complex, this Knizia Classic should keep their brain busy well into the new year.
Quinns: Pandemic Legacy: Season 2 is another of the year's coolest releases. That said, the series starts with Pandemic Legacy: Season 1 so you might want to buy them that first, though it doesn't make a huge difference.
As for other affordable games (around the $40 mark), if you're buying games for a fan of deduction, Whitehall Mystery is a lovely little game of chasing your friend around London (because they've murdered someone, so perhaps “lovely” isn't the right word). If your friend or family member likes puzzles, Barenpark (seen below) is a fantastic game of designing bear enclosures. Great Western Trail is significantly more complicated, but it's a puzzle of profound beauty and depth.
Paul: Aha! We've flown full-speed into a zone where we can find a wonderful compromise between canny game mechanics and approachability, in the petite and pedalsome form of Flamme Rouge. Build your own cycle track and then enjoy deviously difficult races, judging just the right moment to play a particular card or slipstream another player. This is one of the best racing games ever, as fast and tight as any pair of cycle shorts.
Quinns: For around $30, I think you'll find the best bang for your buck in the older releases of SU&SD's favourite designer, Vlaada Chvatil. Board game prices tend to lower slightly with time, which means absolute belters like Galaxy Trucker, Space Alert, Dungeon Petz and Tash-Kalar can all be founder a little cheaper than you'd expect.
For $10-$20, we'd like to suggest some of this year's best small box card games. Pit Crew is fast-paced frenetic madness for up to 9 players. Not Alone (pictured below) is a fantastic little game where one player – an alien – stalks a whole table of players through the wilderness. And finally, H.M.S. Dolores is a startlingly tight and cruel game of bluffing and set collection.
Paul: Oh boy those are ALL GOOD.
Chris: Have a lovely holiday, everybody! I hope you, your friends and your family find the perfect game to play together this year. And if that game ends up being Hearts, Rummikub or Scrabble then know that you don't walk that road alone (and at least it's not Catan again).
Quinns: And for the board gamer in your life that truly has everything? You could do a lot worse than buy them a candle to add an olfactory element to to their favourite game, with a metal die hidden inside.
CTV Vancouver Island
A Vancouver Island chemist has invented a breakthrough material that will make computers and smartphones faster, more durable and more energy-efficient.
The new material, made from technology known as light induced magnetoresistive random-access memory (LI-RAM), uses light instead of electricity to store and process data.
“You'll be able to store a lot more data on a cellphone, on a computer, it will be a lot thinner,” said Natia Frank.
The University of Victoria materials scientist developed the item as part of an international effort to reduce the power consumption and heat produced by modern computer processors.
“It really is the holy grail of computing,” CTV tech analyst Carmi Levy said. “This could be the breakthrough we've been waiting for.”
Overheating won't be an issue with the LI-RAM because the light system could produce almost no heat.
“If you can design something that uses light instead of electricity and runs much cooler, you can make designs that go much faster,” Levy said. “Which basically means a super computer in your pocket.”
To make it even more revolutionary, the technology is also a lot greener.
The university estimates information communication technologies currently use about 10 per cent of the world's total electricity, LI-RAM would cut that energy consumption in half.
“If you can reduce the energy reduction, that amount of power used, which this material does dramatically, you can have a huge impact on the environment,” said Green Centre Canada's Andrew Pasternak.
Frank is working with international electronics manufacturers to optimize and commercialize the technology, and says it could be available on the market in the next 10 years.
US think tank report: Australia central to American war plans against China
By Peter Symonds
12 November 2013
A lengthy report released last week by the US-based think tank, the Centre for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments (CSBA), provides a detailed assessment of Australia's central strategic role in the Pentagon's preparations for war with China. The report's title itself—“Gateway to the Indo-Pacific: Australian Defense Strategy and the Future of the Australia-US Alliance”—highlights the critical geographical importance of the Australian continent for US naval and air operations in the Indian and Pacific oceans in any war against China.
The CSBA bills itself as independent and non-partisan, but is closely connected to the American military establishment, receiving the bulk of its funds through Department of Defense research projects. It was prominently involved in drawing up the Pentagon's AirSea Battle strategy for war against China—a devastating missile and air attack on the Chinese mainland aimed at destroying its communications and military infrastructure, supplemented by an economic blockade to cut off vital Chinese imports of energy and raw materials from Africa and the Middle East.
The US military build-up in the Indo-Pacific region is an integral component of the Obama administration's “pivot to Asia”—an all-sided diplomatic, economic and strategic offensive aimed at undermining Chinese influence throughout the region and encircling China militarily. Australia's importance was underscored when Obama chose to formally announce the “pivot” or “rebalance” in the Australian parliament in November 2011, and signed an agreement to station US Marines in the northern city of Darwin and open up Australian naval and air bases to American forces.
While the Australian and US governments speak of the American build-up in Asia in benign terms and deny any targeting of China, the CSBA report explicitly identifies China as the chief potential enemy. Other US think tanks have laid out the general strategy behind Obama's “pivot”, but the CSBA report is the first to focus exclusively on Australia's military importance. As it explains, “Australia has moved from ‘down under' to ‘top centre' in terms of geopolitical import. For the first time since World War II, Australian and American areas of strategic priority overlap. The strength of this rekindled convergence suggests that the US-Australia relationship may well prove to be the most special relationship of the 21st century.”
The CSBA later states: “The United States' decision to rebalance towards Asia has had a sizeable impact on the Australia-US alliance... Australia's strategic geography, well-trained armed forces, and highly regarded intelligence complex renders it an increasingly invaluable partner to the United States. Much as Washington's close alliance with London provided the United States with a strategic vantage point over Europe throughout the troubled 20th century, America's strong ties with Australia provide it with the means to preserve US influence and military reach across the Indo-Pacific.”
The report pinpoints the vital functions that US imperialism will require of Australia and its military forces in any conflict with China, including specific details of bases, infrastructure, and complementary Australian weaponry needed to support American operations in the Indo-Pacific. These are grouped under four headings:
* Supportive sanctuary: “As American forward bases in the western Pacific become increasingly vulnerable to Chinese missile threats, the Australian continent, with its solid infrastructure and local technical expertise, could fulfil an important role as logistical hub and bastion for the alliance,” the report states.
The CSBA notes the lack of regional US bases other than Guam in the western Pacific and Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean. Australia, it states, represents “something of a geographic ‘sweet spot'”—outside the reach of Chinese missile forces but relatively close to potential theatres of action in the South China Sea and “choke points” through the Indonesian archipelago: the Malacca, Sunda and Lombok straits. The report identifies air bases in northern Australia and the Stirling naval base near Perth in Western Australia as critical for US air and nuclear submarine operations. Such bases, however, would need to be significantly upgraded to support “high tempo” use in times of war.
* Indo-Pacific Watch Tower: The report notes the very close collaboration of the US and Australia in intelligence/surveillance throughout the Indo-Pacific. This includes the use of long-range, over the horizon radar “allowing Australia to monitor key maritime chokepoints and sea lanes to its north,” and electronic spying from bases such as Pine Gap, as well as agreement to establish a space surveillance radar in Western Australia. The CSBA writes approvingly of “Australia's signals intelligence expertise,” which, as Edward Snowden has exposed, is a vital component of the NSA's vast global spying operations, and adds that it could become “the foundation of a first-class cyber warfare capability.” The previous Labor government established an Australian Cybersecurity Centre earlier this year.
* Green Water Warden: “Australia's relative proximity to the southern Indonesian archipelago, when combined with the diversity and high level of jointness of its armed forces, mean it could play a vital role policing the Lombok and Sunda Straits,” the report states. It discusses in detail the types of warplanes, warships and weaponry needed to defeat China's forces and effectively cut off its essential imports of energy and raw materials from Africa and the Middle East. It speaks openly of the military advantages of deploying “forces on Indonesian soil or within Indonesian waters” and points to the need to overcome “Indonesia's history of non-alignment and continued attachment to neutrality.”
* Peripheral Launchpad: In the event that a war with China extends into the Indian Ocean, the CSBA suggests that the Australian military “could make a useful contribution by leading or participating in operations against isolated Chinese naval task forces in the Eastern and Southern parts of the Indian Ocean.” The report makes a complaint, which runs like a thread through the document, that Australian air and naval forces lack the range necessary to carry out long-distance missions. It again raises the call made repeatedly by US officials, including the former US ambassador to Canberra Jeffrey Bleich, for Australia to purchase American nuclear submarines, rather than construct its own diesel-powered vessels.
Far from being simply a military document, the CSBA report deals with the differences that have emerged in the Australian political and strategic circles over commitment to the Obama administration's “pivot.” It points obliquely to the fundamental dilemma facing Australian imperialism, which relies heavily on trade with China, but depends on the US military alliance to prosecute its own neo-colonial interests in the Asia-Pacific.
All the various tendencies identified by the CSBA in “Australia's ongoing strategic debate” support the US alliance. What the report terms “alliance minimalists,” such as strategic analyst Hugh White, have emphasised the dangers of war and economic retribution by China if Australia too closely associates with the “pivot.” The “alliance maximalists” are personified by Ross Babbage of the Kokoda Foundation, who advocates an Australian military that can “rip an arm off any major Asian power that seeks to attack Australia.” The “incrementalists”—most commentators and politicians—lie somewhere in between. While the classifications employed are rather artificial and misleading, the CSBA report is further evidence that Washington is following, and intervening in, the political debate in Canberra very closely.
The CSBA's attitude is made abundantly clear by its critical attitude to both the “alliance minimalists” and “incrementalists.” Moreover, the report regards the “debate” as all but over. “Australia has already crossed this strategic Rubicon [of aligning against China], providing the US Marine Corps access to Darwin and sharing intelligence, communications and space surveillance facilities at Pine Gap and Exmouth,” it states. The fact that “Washington's prime area of strategic concern is [now] located on Australia's very doorstep” means shared security concerns and “a strategic consensus in Australia” that it must “emerge as more of a maritime power.” This necessitates additional defence spending. The report concludes by outlining the need for “a greater budgetary effort” to purchase long-range warplanes and submarines and vastly expand military infrastructure.
The CSBA report makes for chilling reading. Its detailed analysis of basing arrangements, missile ranges, submarine transit times, aircraft types and infrastructure requirements, as well as the tactics and strategy of battle, underlines the advanced character of the US preparations for conflict with China. The Pentagon is drawing up war plans not for decades into the future, but for the years immediately ahead. Moreover, while the report deals only with a conventional war with China, the authors are well aware of the danger that it will expand into nuclear war.
The report's candid discussion of US war with China stands in stark contrast to the virtual silence in the Australian media and political establishment, which serves a definite purpose: to chloroform workers and youth about the dangers that they face and prevent the emergence of a powerful anti-war movement in Australia, Asia and internationally, which these war preparations will sooner or later produce.
AKRON, Ohio -- William Montague, the former head of the Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center, was sentenced Friday to four years, nine months in prison for giving insider information to contractors in exchange for money.
U.S. District Judge Sara Lioi also ordered Montague, 64, to perform 400 hours of community service, an amount that may be reduced since the former official has performed more than 200 hours since last year.
Lioi noted before handing down her sentence that Montague had a distinguished career with the VA that spanned decades, 15 of which he spent leading Cleveland's medical center. She said it is more troubling that he used that reputation to corrupt the bidding process for government projects.
"Sadly, he blemishes an otherwise distinguished career," Lioi said.
Montague choked up as he apologized for his actions.
"I will endeavor to contribute meaningfully from now until the end of my days," he said.
The judge allowed Montague to remain free on bond until the Federal Bureau of Prisons gives him a date to report to a facility. He asked to be placed at a minimum-security prison in Morgantown, West Virginia.
Montague, of Brecksville, pleaded guilty in 2014 to 64 felony counts related to defrauding the VA. Federal prosecutors said he accepted tens of thousands of dollars in bribes and kickbacks from contractors in exchange for inside information.
He did this through a consulting company he founded called House of Montague and committed some of his crimes while he was serving as the head of the hospital in Cleveland and later in Dayton.
Click here to read more.
As part of his plea agreement, Montague agreed to cooperate with the government in exchange for leniency. He agreed to serve a sentence of between 51 and 63 months, and Lioi said she thought that was a fair range given his crimes, cooperation and character.
Montague has also agreed to pay nearly $390,000 in forfeitures, restitution and fees. He had paid nearly all of it as of Friday afternoon.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul Flannery said at the sentencing that Montague is the highest-ranking public official charged in the wide-ranging Cuyahoga County corruption scandal. Flannery did not make a recommendation on how long he thinks Montague should serve in prison.
He said that Montague used his stellar reputation "as a weapon" when he strolled into the VA's Washington, D.C. headquarters to obtain information that he later gave out for money.
Like the judge, though, he recognized that Montague did a lot of good throughout his career.
Montague's wife, daughter, priest and other loved ones sat in the gallery as he was sentenced.
His attorney, Ralph Cascarilla, said that Montague "represents the human condition" in having contradictions. He said his client accepted responsibility.
Montague is the last person sentenced for his role in the county corruption scandal. More than 60 government officials, employees and contractors were charged as part of the case.
Among those convicted is former County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora, who is serving a 28-year prison sentence.
If you want to comment on this story, please visit Friday's court and crime comments section.
before after
Noted Jan. 24, 2014 by Armin Industry / Consumer products
About
(Est. 1996) “NETGEAR is a global networking company that delivers innovative products to consumers, businesses and service providers. For consumers, the company makes high performance, dependable and easy to use home networking, storage and digital media products to connect people with the Internet and their content and devices. For businesses, NETGEAR provides networking, storage and security solutions without the cost and complexity of big IT. The company also supplies top service providers with retail-proven, mobile broadband solutions for their customers on the go. NETGEAR products are built on a variety of proven technologies such as wireless, Ethernet and Powerline, with a focus on reliability and ease-of-use. NETGEAR products are sold in approximately 45,000 retail locations around the globe, and through approximately 39,000 value-added resellers. The company's headquarters are in San Jose, Calif., with additional offices in over 25 countries.”
Design by
Siegel+Gale
Related links
Siegel+Gale case study
Relevant quote
To express the brand's new direction, we optimized the existing NETGEAR logo and developed an adaptive and robust visual design system with a faceted graphic motif as the centerpiece. By introducing a tiered color palette and photographic categories, we were able to tailor communications to key customer segments and help NETGEAR gain more ground in the business networking space. Siegel+Gale case study
Images (opinion after)
Logo and “faceted graphic motif” detail.
Business card.
Brochure cover.
Retail-audience materials.
Commercial-audience materials.
Opinion
The changes to the logo are almost imperceptible but they are there and they make a symbolic, positive difference: The "E"s are wider, the "R" fuller, and the letter-spacing tighter. The introduction of the "faceted graphic motif" is colorful and adds some interest and youthfulness to the overall presentation.
President-elect Donald Trump dismissed a CIA assessment that Russia provided WikiLeaks hacked emails in order to help him win the election.
"I think it's ridiculous," Trump said in an interview with Fox News broadcast Sunday. "I think it's just another excuse."
Trump said he doesn't believe the report, and doesn't know why it came out. When asked about Democrats in the House asking for a probe into the hacking and President Barack Obama ordering a review, Trump said Obama has been respectful about the change of power process. He also pointed out that people should investigate other countries and individuals outside of Russia.
"They talk about all sorts of things," he said. "We had a massive landslide victory as you know in the Electoral College. I guess the final numbers are 306, and she's down to a very low number. No, I don't believe that at all."
Actually, Trump's unofficial 306 to 232 margin over Hillary Clinton ranked 46th of the 58 Electoral College votes for president in terms of percentage (56.9 percent).
The New York Times reported American intelligence agencies have "high confidence" that Russia intervened in the later stages of the 2016 election to help Trump win the presidency. Senior administration officials said the Russian government gave WikiLeaks emails from the Democratic National Committee and from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. The agencies also found evidence that Russia hacked the Republican National Committee's computer systems, but did not release the information.
Trump also addressed taking an unprecedented phone call from Taiwan, saying he was notified of the short congratulatory call a few hours before it came in.
"I fully understand the 'one China policy,' but I don't know why we have to be bound unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things, including trade," Trump said.
The call was the first time a president-elect or president had contact with Taiwan since President Jimmy Carter switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China in 1979, according to Reuters.
The president-elect said it would have been "very disrespectful" not to take the call, and pointed out that China has been linked to devaluation of the American dollar, placing heavy taxes on American goods coming into its country, and building a "fortress" in the South China Sea. He also said that its biggest fault was "frankly not helping us with North Korea."
"I don't want China dictating to me, and this was a call put into me," Trump said. "It was a very nice call. Short. And why should some other nation be able to say I can't take a call?"
The president-elect brushed off the need for daily intelligence briefs, according to The New York Times. He said his vice president, Mike Pence, would receive them, and he would take them "when I need it."
"You know, I'm, like, a smart person," he said. "I don't have to be told the same thing in the same words every single day for the next eight years," he said.
In addition, Trump will discuss his potential picks for secretary of State, which include Exxon Mobil Chairman and CEO Rex Tillerson, Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee and Mitt Romney.
He also addressed how he believed maintaining a stake in NBC's "The New Celebrity Apprentice" and his real estate holdings was not a conflict of interest since he wasn't actively managing the companies. Trump added last week he turned down seven deals with "one big player, great player" worth $1 billion because it may be perceived as a conflict of interest.
Disclosure: NBC is owned by NBCUniversal, which is the parent company of CNBC.
World's Largest English Language News Service with Over 500 Articles Updated Daily
"The News You Need Today…For The World You'll Live In Tomorrow."
What You Aren't Being Told About The World You Live In
How The “Conspiracy Theory” Label Was Conceived To Derail The Truth Movement
How Covert American Agents Infiltrate the Internet to Manipulate, Deceive, and Destroy Reputations
May 6, 2016
Kremlin War Erupts Over Release Of Top Secret Hillary Clinton Emails
By: Sorcha Faal, and as reported to her Western Subscribers
An intriguing Security Council (SC) report circulating in the Kremlin today suggests that a “war of words” has broken out between the Director of the Federal Security Service (FSB) Alexander Bortnikov and Chairwoman of the Council of Federation Valentina Matviyenko over the issue of releasing to the Western media tens-of-thousands of top secret and classified emails obtained by the Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) from the private, but unsecured, computer (email server) belonging to former US Secretary of State, and present American presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton. [Note: Words appearing in quotes are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.]
According to this report, beginning in 2011, SVR intelligence analysts began “serious/concerning” monitoring of a Romanian computer hacker named Marcel Lazăr Lehel (aka Guccifer) after he attempted, unsuccessfully, to break into the computer system of the Federation funded RT television network.
Following SVR procedures for the monitoring of international computer hackers, this report continues, Guccifer's activities were followed and recorded (both physically and electronically) allowing these intelligence analysts, in 2013, to not only detect his breaking into the private computer of Secretary Clinton, but allowing the SVR to copy all of its contents too.
Shortly after the SVR obtained these tens-of-thousands of top secret and classified emails from Secretary Clinton's private computer, this report notes, Chairwoman Matviyenko personally authorized a “partial/limited” release of them to RT—who then, on 20 March 2013, published an article about them titled Hillary Clinton's 'hacked' Benghazi emails: FULL RELEASE—but which barely no Western mainstream media sources reported on at the time.
It wasn't until this past January (2016), this report further notes, that any American news media reported about the loss of Secretary Clinton's emails when Vice News published their article titled Libyan Oil, Gold, and Qaddafi: The Strange Email Sidney Blumenthal Sent Hillary Clinton In 2011—and that confirmed our 1 August 2014 report about what really caused Secretary Clinton to order the destruction of Libya.
FSB director Bortnikov was “highly furious” by Chairwoman Matviyenko's authorizing the release of Secretary Clinton's emails, this report continues, due to his fears that the American's would soon discover the original source of the hacking—which the US exactly did by aiding the Romanian government in their investigation of him causing the arrest of Guccifer, in Romania, on 22 January 2014, that was followed by the US indicting him too in June of that same year.
After Guccifer's arrest, this report says, he was convicted of his computer hacking crimes in Romania and sentenced to 7 years in prison.
In March (2016), this report continues, Chairwoman Matviyenko “hinted/suggested” to her “peers/comrades” that due to President Putin's favorable “opinion/thoughts” about American presidential candidate Donald Trump, as it relates to the Federation, the Security Council should consider releasing all of Secretary Clinton's top secret and classified emails in a bid to assist him against a person (Hillary Clinton) whose global catastrophes are well documented and who is, also, “hated/repugnant” by the Russian people.
Within days of Chairwoman Matviyenko making her thoughts known to the Security Council regarding Secretary Clinton's emails, this report notes, the Obama regime, on 31 March, rushed Guccifer from his Romanian prison cell to the United States where he remains imprisoned, awaiting either a trial or deal to tell what he knows—the facts of which were concealed from the American people by NBC News.
Following the Obama regime's taking Guccifer from Romania, this report says, the US then launched a disinformation counterattack against the Federation by their releasing, on 15 April, of CIA intelligence doctored documents, referred to as the Panama Papers, casting unfounded, and undocumented, allegations against many Federation business people and politicians that the FSB describes as an “overt/notice now” warning to the Kremlin that should Secretary Clinton's top secret and classified emails be released more damage to Russian peoples could be done.
Though this Security Council report doesn't conclusively show which side will win in this tug-of-war about releasing Secretary Clinton's top secret and classified emails, it does bear our wondering about the effect they could have (if released) not only on the American presidential race, but US-Russian relations too.
May 6, 2016 © EU and US all rights reserved. Permission to use this report in its entirety is granted under the condition it is linked back to its original source at WhatDoesItMean.Com. Freebase content licensed under CC-BY and GFDL.
[Note: Many governments and their intelligence services actively campaign against the information found in these reports so as not to alarm their citizens about the many catastrophic Earth changes and events to come, a stance that the Sisters of Sorcha Faal strongly disagree with in believing that it is every human beings right to know the truth. Due to our missions conflicts with that of those governments, the responses of their ‘agents' has been a longstanding misinformation/misdirection campaign designed to discredit us, and others like us, that is exampled in numerous places, including HERE.]
The “Future Of Humanity” You're Not Allowed To Know
They Are Going To Come For You…Why Are You Helping Them?
Return To Main Page
Activision Blizzard stated in an earnings call that the company made roughly $6.6 billion in net revenue in 2016. That is already a huge amount but is even more impressive when you take into consideration that that number is a 42 percent increase over 2015's $4.6 billion.
Activision Blizzard's CEO,Bobby Kotick, stated that, “Our record performance in 2016 further strengthened our position as the world's leading standalone interactive entertainment company. For the quarter and the year, we delivered our highest revenues, non-GAAP redefined operating margins and earnings per share, well surpassing our own expectations.”
While Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare didn't meet expectations, the company said that in 2017 “traditional combat will take center stage” in the series again.
The gigantic studio and publisher also mentioned that its release schedule for 2017 is fairly light and that they plan on focusing on current titles such as Overwatch, Hearthstone, World of Warcraft, and Call of Duty.
Despite a record-breaking year in net revenue from parent company Activision Blizzard, the Activision Publishing division is laying off roughly 5 percent of its employees across multiple studios. Specifically it appears that staff were let go at Infinity Ward, Beenox, and a few other studios.
The layoffs came after a week of rumors among Activision staff and came about along with the company's earning call yesterday.
According to reports, Blizzard Entertainment and MLG were not affected.”>Kotaku, “Activision Publishing is realigning our resources to support our upcoming slate and adapt the to accelerating transition to digital, including opportunities for digital add-on content.”
According to reports, Blizzard Entertainment and MLG were not affected.
Glenn Beck has become obsessed with a recent story from The Daily Mail that reported that nearly half of the accounts that follow Hillary Clinton on Twitter are either fake or inactive and he repeatedly cited this story on his television program last night and on his radio show today as proof that Clinton is a total phony and a fraud:
She can't even be honest about the fans on her social media sites. A study was done of her Facebook page. Again, we had to go across the ocean. We had to go to I think it was The Guardian in England to get anybody in the media to do a job. They found something odd about her followers. Seven percent of her followers were from Baghdad. That's not really comforting or real. And on Twitter, it was revealed that 15%, about 544,000 of her Twitter followers, are bogus accounts. If her team is willing to lie about Facebook and Twitter fans and make people up just out of whole cloth, what else are they willing to lie about?
The Daily Mail based its conclusion on the results generated by two websites — StatusPeople.com and TwitterAudit.com — which claim to be able to determine just how many “real” followers any given Twitter account actually has.
We have no way of determining how accurate either of these websites or their findings are, but simply in the interest of making Beck shut up about this stupid point, we decided to run his Twitter account through them and in both cases, the number of fake or inactive followers that he has far surpassed Clinton:
Marion Marechal-Le Pen, French far-right National Front party candidate in the Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur region, delivers a speech after the announcement of the results in the regional elections in Marseille (AFP Photo/Anne-Christine Poujoulat)
Paris (AFP) - France's far-right National Front (FN) failed to win a single region in elections Sunday despite record results, as voters flocked to traditional parties to keep them out of power.
With presidential elections due in 2017, the anti-immigration FN had hoped the regional polls would act as a springboard for leader Marine Le Pen.
But despite a best-ever national vote tally for the FN, she was trounced by the right-wing opposition in the northern Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie region after the ruling Socialists pulled out of the race before the second round.
Her 26-year-old niece Marion Marechal-Le Pen was also clearly defeated by the right-wing grouping in the southern region that includes the glitzy resorts of the Côte d'Azur, despite dominating the first round last week.
The party had topped the vote in six of 13 regions on December 6, with a 28 percent national share, propelled by anger over the struggling economy and fears created by last month's jihadist attacks in Paris that left 130 dead.
But exactly a month on from those attacks, voters turned out in force -- some 58 percent took part, up from 50 percent in the first round -- and once again trounced the FN when it came down to the wire.
The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande won in five regions, while the centre-right alliance of his predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy took seven. Nationalists won in Corsica.
One of the biggest upsets on Sunday came in the Paris region, which shifted from left to right for the first time in 17 years.
Socialist Prime Minister Manuel Valls warned that despite the result "the danger of the far-right has not been removed, far from it".
Sarkozy, leader of the Republicans party, praised the voters who turned out on Sunday but said "the warnings" of the first round must not be forgotten.
- 'Everybody loses' -
The front page of conservative daily Le Figaro announced "The right wins, the left holds up, the FN falls", but the Catholic newspaper Le Croix was more succinct, saying only "Everybody loses".
In an editorial titled "Not a victory but the absence of defeat", left-wing Liberation said it was fear of the far-right which had mobilised the left, rather than any renewed enthusiasm for the Socialist Party.
Final results showed Le Pen scored around 42 percent to nearly 58 percent for her right-wing rival Xavier Bertrand in the economically depressed north.
Her niece took around 45 percent of the vote to nearly 55 percent for her right-wing rival in the FN's traditional stronghold in Provence-Alpes-Cote-d'Azur.
Both women had easily won the first round.
In a combative speech to supporters after polls closed, Le Pen said "nothing can stop us now".
"In its northern and southern bastions we've eradicated the evil-doing Socialist Party," she said.
"By tripling our number of councillors, we will be the main opposition force in most of the regions of France," she added.
- 'De-demonised' party -
The FN has topped European and local polls over the past two years, bolstering Le Pen's claim that it is now "the first party of France".
The party also recorded its best-ever score Sunday with 6.8 million votes nationally, up from just over six million in the first round and 6.4 million for Marine Le Pen in her 2012 presidential bid, when overall turnout was considerably higher.
But the results showed once again that the party struggles in the deciding round as mainstream voters gang up to keep it from power as they did in 2002 when voters switched to Jacques Chirac in a presidential run-off against Marine's father, Jean-Marie Le Pen.
The FN argues that the political manoeuvring by the main two political parties shows they are two sides of the same coin and the far-right offers the only real political alternative.
"Frankly, I'm voting against the FN in the interests of my family," said Issa Kouyate, a 59-year-old voter of Senegalese origin, as he cast his ballot in the southern city of Marseille, where a high proportion of citizens are of immigrant background.
"There's danger," said Kouyate, describing the FN's 40-percent score in the region's first round as "a time bomb".
Le Pen has reaped the rewards of her efforts to "de-demonise" the party bequeathed by her father, but it retains a stridently anti-immigrant edge. Critics accuse it of fomenting Islamophobia.
France's regions have recently been consolidated and they have powers over areas such as transport, schooling and local business.
An internet pest from South Tyneside who sent threatening emails to an MP telling her she 'would get it like Jo Cox' has now admitted trolling Twitter users.
Newcastle Crown Court heard John Nimmo sent shocking messages to Liverpool Wavetree Labour MP Luciana Berger which left her "terrified" for the safety of her family.
Luciana Berger MP.
Nimmo, 28, who signed off from the emails with “your friend the Nazi”, admitted sending threatening communications in relation to the offences last July.
During a second series of sickening taunts, Nimmo, of Moreland Road, South Shields, sent emails to an anti-hate crime organisation threatening to blow up a mosque.
He posted the sickening claims on the website of Faith Matters - a non-profit group that focuses on countering terrorism.
During the outrageous rant, Nimmo warned “death will come to all muslims” and called himself a “holy crusader”.
He admitted two charges of sending grossly offensive messages and two of conveying a threatening message in relation to the communications at an earlier hearing.
At Newcastle Crown Court today Nimmo pleaded guilty to a third batch of taunts - this time targeting two Twitter users.
Nimmo branded one woman a “danger to children”, used the hashtag #paedo and publicly accused the user of being part of a paedophile ring.
He made anti-semitic comments against another Twitter user and warned him he was “dead meat”.
Nimmo entered guilty pleas to two offences of sending a communication conveying a grossly offensive message and one of sending a communication conveying a threatening message when he appeared in court via videolink to HMP Durham.
Judge Amanda Rippon adjourned sentence in relation to all matters until February 10 but gave no indication what the likely outcome would be.
The court heard prosecutors intend to apply for a Criminal Behaviour Order at the next hearing, to monitor his future activities.
Nimmo was remanded in custody in the meantime.
Judge Rippon lifted reporting restrictions which had prevented publication of his previous guilty pleas and told Nimmo “this means your offences can now be reported in the papers”.
A previous magistrates court hearing was told the sinister, anti Semitic emails to Labour MP Ms Berger contained a picture of a knife with the phrase “you will get it like Jo Cox” - who was murdered in her constituency las year.
In the emails Nimmo claimed that he would “revenge Josh Bonehill-Paine” - who was arrested and jailed in 2015 for inciting racial hatred against Jews.
The threats had caused Ms Berger “great fear and anguish,” and she was left very hesitant to be anywhere alone.
In a statement read at the magistrates hearing, the MP said: “I have had anti Semitic messages before but this time they were alongside references to my colleague Jo Cox.
“This incident has impacted on me. For all I knew the offender could have been residing next door to me.”
For other works based on the Pink Floyd album, see The Wall (Pink Floyd)
1990 live album by Roger Waters
The Wall – Live in Berlin was a live concert performance by Roger Waters and numerous guest artists, of the Pink Floyd studio album The Wall, itself largely written by Waters during his time with the band. The show was held in Berlin on 21 July 1990, to commemorate the fall of the Berlin Wall eight months earlier. A live album of the concert was released 21 August 1990. A video of the concert was also commercially released.
History [ edit ]
The concert was staged on vacant terrain between Potsdamer Platz and the Brandenburg Gate, a location that was part of the former "no man's land" of the Berlin Wall.
"I did an interview a couple of years ago for a guy called Redbeard…" Waters recalled. "He said, 'Would you ever perform The Wall again on stage?' And I said, 'No'… Indoors, it made no sense financially; it's too expensive. And, as it's partially an attack on the inherently greedy nature of stadium rock shows, it would be wrong to do it in stadiums… I said, 'Well, I might do it outdoors if they ever take the wall down in Berlin.'… The Memorial Fund was in a council meeting, and felt they needed some kind of event to focus attention on it… So I agreed to have a meeting with Leonard Cheshire. And I was very impressed, and said I would do what I could, although I thought it was very unlikely that it would come off… Then, in November [1989], when the wall started coming down, we started negotiating."[5]
The show had a sell-out crowd of over 350,000 people. Right before the performance started the gates were opened which enabled at least another 100,000 people to watch.[6] While this broke records for a paid-entry concert, seven days earlier Jean-Michel Jarre had set a new world record for concert attendance, with his free Paris la Défense show attracting a live audience of two million.
The event was produced and cast by British impresario and producer Tony Hollingsworth. It was staged partly at Waters' expense. While he subsequently earned the money back from the sale of the CD and video releases of the album, the original plan was to donate all profits past his initial investment to the Memorial Fund for Disaster Relief, a UK charity founded by Leonard Cheshire. However, audio and video sales came in significantly under projections, and the trading arm of the charity (Operation Dinghy) incurred heavy losses. A few years later, the charity was wound up, and the audio and video sales rights from the concert performance returned to Waters.
The production was designed by Mark Fisher and Jonathan Park.[7][8][9] The stage design featured a 550-foot-long (170 m) and 82-foot-high (25 m) wall. Most of the wall was built before the show and the rest was built progressively through the first part of the show. The wall was then knocked down at the end of the show.[10]
Initially, Waters tried to get guest musicians like Peter Gabriel, Bruce Springsteen and Eric Clapton but they were either unavailable or turned it down. Both Rod Stewart, who was to sing "Young Lust", and Joe Cocker were confirmed to appear but when the original planned concert date was put back both were unavailable.[11] Also, on the same 1989 interview with Redbeard, Waters stated that "I might even let Dave play guitar." On 30 June 1990 backstage at the Knebworth Pink Floyd performance at Knebworth '90, during a pre-show interview, David Gilmour responded to Roger's statement on an interview with Jim Ladd by saying that "he and the rest of Pink Floyd (Nick Mason and Rick Wright) had been given the legal go-ahead to perform with Roger but had not been contacted." Two days later, on 2 July 1990 Waters appeared on the American rock radio call-in show Rockline and contradicted his Gilmour invite by saying, "I don't know where Dave got that idea". Also Rush drummer Neil Peart revealed in a 2013 interview with Classic Rock Magazine that he tried to get involved to play drums but Roger turned him down in favour of Graham Broad.
In the end, Hollingsworth (with Waters assisting) brought in guest artists including Rick Danko, Levon Helm and Garth Hudson of The Band, The Hooters, Van Morrison, Sinéad O'Connor, Cyndi Lauper, Marianne Faithfull, Scorpions, Joni Mitchell, Paul Carrack, Thomas Dolby and Bryan Adams, along with actors Albert Finney, Jerry Hall, Tim Curry and Ute Lemper. Leonard Cheshire opened the concert by blowing a World War II whistle.
This performance had several differences from Pink Floyd's original production of The Wall show. Both "Mother" and "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II" (like in the 1980/81 concerts) were extended with solos by various instruments and the latter had a cold ending. "In The Flesh" (also like the 1980/81 concerts) has an extended intro, and "Comfortably Numb" featured dueling solos by the two guitarists as well as an additional chorus at the end of the song. "The Show Must Go On" is omitted completely, while both "The Last Few Bricks" and "What Shall We Do Now?" are included ("The Last Few Bricks" was shortened). Also, the performance of the song "The Trial" had live actors playing the parts, with Thomas Dolby playing the part of the teacher hanging from the wall, Tim Curry as the prosecutor, and Albert Finney as the Judge. The repeated proclamation of "Tear down the wall!" and subsequent destruction of the on-stage wall was for this show accompanied by a projection of a section of the actual Berlin Wall on the cardboard bricks used on stage. The show officially ended with "The Tide Is Turning", a song from Waters' then-recent solo album Radio K.A.O.S. The Wall's original closing number, "Outside the Wall," was affixed to the end of "The Tide is Turning."
The Wall – Live in Berlin was released as a live recording of the concert, and the Laserdisc video in NTSC can still be found through second sourcing. A DVD was released in 2003 in the U.S. by Island/Mercury Records and internationally by Universal Music (Region-free).
Hollingsworth's company Tribute, a London-based "good causes" campaign company, sold worldwide television rights, with 52 countries showing the two-hour event. Twenty countries showed up to five repeats of the show and 65 countries broadcast a highlights show. There was also distribution of a double music CD and post-production VHS videotape by Polygram.
Setlist [ edit ]
Personnel [ edit ]
The Company [ edit ]
The Bleeding Hearts Band [ edit ]
Others [ edit ]
Performance notes [ edit ]
Charts [ edit ]
Chart (1990) Peak
position Australian Albums Chart[13] 10 Austrian Albums Chart[14] 25 Canadian RPM Albums Chart[15] 12 Dutch Albums Chart[16] 15 French Albums Chart[17] 6 German Albums Chart[18] 10 New Zealand Albums Chart[19] 4 Norwegian Albums Chart[20] 17 Swedish Albums Chart[21] 34 Swiss Albums Chart[22] 11 UK Albums Chart[23] 27 US Billboard 200[24] 56
Certifications [ edit ]
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski and Syracuse's Jim Boeheim told ESPN that an answer to cleaning up college basketball isn't to get rid of summer basketball.
The Hall of Famers were asked their thoughts on the state of the game Wednesday in light of the news that the ACC will launch a task force to investigate potential changes to the sport's amateurism model in the wake of an FBI probe into alleged payments between shoe companies and recruits at Louisville and other schools.
ACC commissioner John Swofford said the task force, which will be composed of athletics directors Martin Jarmond of Boston College, Stan Wilcox of Florida State, Kevin White of Duke and Craig Littlepage of Virginia, will look to come up with ideas to pitch to the NCAA to rethink the current rules, including the one-and-done requirement that all players must play at least one year of college ball before being eligible for the NBA draft. Mike Krzyzewski told ESPN on Wednesday that summer basketball leagues run by shoe companies are vital for players who need a chance to showcase their skills for college coaches. Rich Graessle/Icon Sportswire
"We're visiting with a number of our own coaches one to one for input, and simply put, our league needs to do our part in finding solutions to this and offering ideas that can lead us to solutions," Swofford said. "And I'm confident with the leadership of that task force, we will hopefully be able to do that."
Krzyzewski and Boeheim will vote for the status quo if the topic of summer leagues run by shoe companies is brought up by the task force.
"Let's not go crazy here. Shoe companies have been great for our sport," Krzyzewski said Wednesday at the ACC media day. "Many colleges have shoe deals that fund all their student-athletes. We wouldn't have all that. They fund programs, grassroots things that help thousands and thousands of kids. Just because we've had a few things go wrong here, you can't get rid of all that --the opportunity for 351 staffs to go out in the summer to see kids, for them to get exposure. It's not just the top kids. It's for everybody."
Sources told ESPN that at least one shoe company has discussed shutting down its summer basketball slate this coming year after two Adidas employees were among 10 arrested by the FBI last month in a probe into college basketball corruption. One of the Adidas employees, Merl Code, previously worked for Nike. The FBI has also been investigating Nike's grassroots EYBL division, according to reports.
But the Hall of Famers both agree that there are significant benefits to both spring and summer AAU basketball. College coaches are allowed to evaluate recruits two weekends in April and also for a trio of 4 ½-day periods in July.
"We've got to be careful not to reduce the number of opportunities that these kids have a chance to be seen," Krzyzewski said. "Hopefully they don't go overboard with that and understand the total positive impact shoe companies have on our sport."
Boeheim agreed that the opportunities that arise from summer basketball outweigh the negatives.
"Eliminating summer basketball isn't going to change anything," Boeheim said. "Not one thing. Not one thing. It's going to hurt kids, it's going to hurt coaches, and it's going to really hurt the 200 schools that depend on going out in the summertime because they see all their kids then. And they can make decisions. They don't have a recruiting budget."
Both Nike and Adidas have revamped their schedules in recent years and implemented leagues that go throughout the spring and summer, culminating in championships based on team success. Under Armour, which also has a spring/summer league, has been a virtual newcomer to the grassroots scene.
Swofford isn't sure what the task force can accomplish in the short term but said the group's creation is a step in the right direction if it can forge a relationship with the NBA in regard to changes to draft eligibility.
"I don't know how much can be changed," Swofford said. "But the point I'm really trying to make is that I don't think we have a chance to improve this without some connectedness between these groups, and quite frankly, just about any degree of connectedness among these groups would be better than where we are right now.
"I think that what has happened with this federal investigation and charges takes things to a whole other level for some AAU people, for some agents, certainly for intercollegiate athletics. And I think we have leadership at the NBA that has -- while these things may not really be their problem except maybe indirectly, I would hope that there's a sense of concern about the system, a sense of concern about the game in our country, and I would hope they would want to play a significant role in helping address the problems."
Swofford is hoping the FBI probe can lead to lasting changes in the entire basketball ecosystem.
"We have an opportunity for college basketball and really the entire system -- from high school and AAU to college ball to the NBA -- we've got an opportunity here because of a problem to try and fix something," Swofford said. "I don't think we can afford to miss that opportunity."
ESPN's David Hale contributed to this report.
Three more bodies were found early Wednesday during Indonesia's search for AirAsia Flight QZ8501, which lost contact with air traffic control Sunday en route to Singapore. Wreckage from the missing plane was first spotted in the waters off Indonesia on Tuesday, according to Singapore newspaper the Straits Times.
Two of the bodies were male and one was a female dressed in an air stewardess uniform, the chief of Indonesia's search and rescue agency BASARNAS told The Straits Times. So far, six bodies -- three men and three women -- have been recovered since Indonesian rescuers began searching for the AirAsia plane carrying 162 people.
The plane has yet to be found and bad weather has stalled search efforts. But investigators continue to scour the Java Sea for more bodies and debris where wreckage was first located, in hopes of determining exactly what went wrong on Dec. 28. Helicopters were temporarily grounded by stormy weather, but nearly 50 divers were deployed into the waters Wednesday to begin searching for the plane. AirAsia's chief executive, Tony Fernandes, told NBC News that BASARNAS was “very confident that it knows more or less the position of the aircraft.”
The international community has offered resources to assist the search. Singapore and Malaysia vessels have been in the area for several days and helped locate debris. The U.S. Navy destroyer USS Sampson arrived Tuesday and will now help pinpoint exact locations of plane parts on Wednesday, according to the Straits Times.
A string of aviation disasters have haunted Malaysians this year. Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has been missing since March, when it vanished over the South China Sea with 239 people on board. All 298 people on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 were killed when the plane was shot down in July, as it flew over pro-Russian separatists-controlled territory in eastern Ukraine. AirAsia Flight QZ8501 belonged to an Indonesian company, but the airline is Malaysian-based. If all aboard the missing AirAsia flight were killed, then the three deadliest plane disasters of 2014 will be linked to Malaysia, according to the New York Times.
Most people out there will assume that as a lowsec scrub I have no idea what I am talking about and that the following will be a bunch of delusional ramblings, but let me assure you, every single statement that I am going to make here can be verified individually. That is the beauty of Fozziesov: you don't have to take my word for it, you just need to look at Dotlan.
I write today in direct response to a recent fireside chat hosted by The Mittani. Since the Gallente Federation is a highly advanced civilisation, I will name this the Fusion Reactor Proximity Declaration. We Gallente have long set aside such quaint concepts as open hearths where children gather round to listen to their patriarch with wide eyes and gaping mouths.
The reason I can publicly reveal what you will read here is, that neither the Goons nor their allies can do anything about it. We now know what they want – a major bloc war – and this is exactly what we are not going to give them.
These sov-warfare strategists want to bring out their big fleets and bloc-level FCs to wash the stain of the Viceroy program off of themselves before the Citadel changes hit. Once those changes are implemented, they can no longer hide in indestructable stations in systems where all anchor points are occupied.
“Gallente Militia are by now very experienced in capturing regions by orbiting a static structure for extended periods of time.”
This is how they have thus far kept us from razing their so-called Imperium to the ground, but this time we will walk roughshod over the corpses of their allies on our way to Deklein. We in the Gallente Militia are by now very experienced in capturing regions by orbiting a static structure for extended periods of time. We have done it over and over again. They think they can break our resolve by grinding up their ADMs with ratting and mining CTAs. What they don't want to do is orbit Entosis targets, but this is what we do to win wars.
Those clever boys have learned to withdraw from whole regions and go to ground in lowsec, intending to harass our allies from there. What they don't realise is that this is exactly what our game has always been and we know the perfect counter for it. PL and Waffles have played this game with us for many years, as have TISHU, Shadow Cartel, Dead Terrorists, TEST and many others from the list of organisations that are now standing united on our side.
They want to bring their blobs of T3s and battlecruisers and their ridiculous stealth bombers, but they are incredibly bad at small frigate and destroyer gangs. Every time the sov null alliances were forced to engage us under those conditions they have lost.
Those are the same people we have fought and won against over and over again. We have purged Ev0ke, TEST and Razor from our space. We have thrown the Goon invaders with their Viceroy project so far back into their Deklein safe space that we still hear them crying down here in Placid. Now it is time to tear down the walls of that safe space and make them realise that refusing to vote on reddit does not win wars. We shall purge the Goons and their Imperium from the north.
They claimed that it would be trivial for them to rule lowsec. Let them prove it after we have thrown them out of sov null to lick their wounds in some station up in Black Rise where all the losers go.
In this war, our allies are the mailed fist that will smash into the Imperium's face over and over again. Most of them are just there for the ISK and the dank frags. We know TEST wants to go back to living in the TESTagram, but that's no problem. They'll get it. We only want the best for our people.
Mittani thinks he can tire our allies out by giving up regions to let them entosis themselves into boredom. What he has not counted on are the countless of seasoned Caldari LP farmers who have allied with us and are just waiting in the wings to descend upon the devastated Imperium regions like a flock of carrion crows.
Right now people are resubbing in droves all over highsec at the prospect of the Goon menace – and their CODE puppets with them – being purged from the game. Caldari and Gallente are the two most popular player races in EVE, and there are literally tens of thousands of players waiting in Gallente highsec to be given the signal. We have a force to call upon that has more people than most multinational corporations have employees.
The Imperium thinks they can harass us from lowsec while their sov gets hacked away system-by-system, but they will not be able to catch us. They want to bring their nullsec toys like bombers and bubbles to force a large fleet fight with 10% TiDi, and this we shall deny them. We will make them try and cyno a 500-man fleet on us until the bridge-macro key is broken on their keyboards, and then they will say “Thanks Mittani, that is really great gameplay”
To do this we need the right tools to make them learn what it means to go against the most efficient PvP organisation in the game, but we have them. Back when we were flying Atrons we brought down nullsec powers, but now we have advanced doctrines to make their life as miserable as possible.
“…doctrines like Hyperspace Fleet for fast warp displacement and Squid Fleet which consists of warp-stabbed ceptors.”
There are a few dedicated Entosis doctrines like Hyperspace Fleet for fast warp displacement and Squid Fleet which consists of warp-stabbed ceptors. Because alliance leadership likes to give things mythological Greek names we also have Maenad Fleet which will be combat focused and raging across Imperium space until our enemies are literally driven insane. The doctrine for that is still opsec, but if you qualify for Maenad Fleet, your main FCs will know and you should get an invite after you have finished reading this.
We also have the Arquebus doctrine of kiting sniper Svipuls which is specialised in headshotting enemy FCs because everyone knows that a sov-null fleet without its FC is about as effective as a horde of decapitated chicken. If you want to participate in this to witness the hilarity, make sure you permanently have Asher Kagen on your watchlist because he's literally the last active combat FC that GSF has.
So, I myself am not so much a combat pilot, but I can tell you this much: it will be fantastically hilarious. The tears of our enemies will flow so bountifully that they will drown in them over at their protected TMC comment section. They will self-congratulatory comment on Matterall articles in a state of denial, but at the end they will realise that you can not spin the pain away.
There have been questions whether a Federation-wide call for mandatory military service should be sounded, but we don't even need to do that. The PCU since the beginning of this war has proven that this is what players want. They don't want major bloc wars. What they really want is an endless thunderdome of small to mid-sized fleets fighting just for the sake of it. This is what we now finally can have on a massive scale, and it is fantastic.
The subscriber numbers clearly have gone down ever since the battle of B-R. People were making a clear statement that they don't want to have a game with supermassive blobs fighting 24+ hours under 10% TiDi, but now that small-scale warfare is back, they are resubbing.
CCP should take note of this and realise that they can not silence dissent with their “No-Gevlons” rule. It is clear that the players want a game without Goons and – finally – that's what we shall give them.
P.S. Upon his inevitable apprehension, the pretender Maximilian Singularity will be extradited into the hands of the Amarrian Theology Council. We won't repeat that diplomatic mistake around Gerne Batreau.
P.P.S. Thanks to The Mittani, the greatest satirist of EVE; main content provider for New Eden's Best News Service: EVE-Onion. Without your inspirational talks I would never have found the resolve to write this grand appeal to the citizens of the Gallente Federation.
Note from the editor: It should be weapons-grade obvious at this point that this article is satire based on The Mittani's speech. God have mercy on you if you didn't get that. To those of you that are new to EVE, we apologise, we realise this is all very confusing.
The dirty secret in President Obama's "all-of-the-above" energy policy was quietly overlooked in his State of the Union address.
Three weeks after global media attention on the West Virginia coal-chemical disaster, the most important line of information still remains buried in an AP report:
…[A] review of federal environmental enforcement records shows that nearly three-quarters of the 1,727 coal mines listed haven't been inspected in the past five years to see if they are obeying water pollution laws. Also, 13% of the fossil-fuel fired power plants are not complying with the Clean Water Act.
Translation: with federal and state blessing, the coal industry under President Obama is free to operate in a continual state of violation.
In the meantime, in the latest episode in West Virginia's coal-chemical debacle, state officials announced on Wednesday that residents affected by the latest coal-chemical disaster are inhaling formaldehyde, a known carcinogen.
"There is never peace in West Virginia," labor organizer Mary "Mother" Jones famously said nearly 100 years ago, "because there is never justice."
Our president and nation must get beyond a crisis management approach to the coal industry, and come to grips with the double-headed source of the recent Elk River disaster – lax and unenforced regulations for coal mining and chemical operations, and the stranglehold of industry lobbies over public officials in charge of regulation. Otherwise, the Obama administration's "all-of-the-above" policy will simply extend a bitter legacy in coal country: there will never be clean water in West Virginia, because there is never justice.
Sure, hearings and investigations will be held, legislation introduced, an unenforced regulation or two added, a corporate official might be fined or even go to jail, but the truth is that toxic waters from various stages of coal mining will continue to flow with costly and devastating health effects – until public officials and their appointees are barred from accepting political contributions from the very industries they regulate.
This may sound hyperbolic, and certainly naïve – but I write after years of covering coal ash pond breakages, coal slurry disasters, and water-contamination issues from strip-mining discharges and the subsequent lack of regulatory action.
I also write from experience: my grandfather was a coal miner in southern Illinois, who barely survived a mining disaster in an age of regulatory corruption, struggled with black lung disease (a preventable coal dust inhalation malady that was first diagnosed in 1831) that still kills around four coal miners daily. My grandfather's 150-year-old farm in the Shawnee National Forest area, was eventually stripmined and the local creek left sterile from mining discharges.
I have learned two things from the treatment of my grandfather and residents in today's coal mining communities: in a nation that prioritizes coal industry profits over workplace and residential safety, people are as disposable as our natural resources in openly accepted national sacrifice zones. And secondly, all coal mining safety laws have been written in miners' blood; the same is true for innocent citizens afflicted by clean water violations by coal and chemical companies.
A commentary I wrote in jest five years ago now seems deadly serious: Coal Ash Crisis Management – What's It Going to Take, Dead Bodies?
Five years after the historic Tennessee Valley Authority coal ash pond disaster, when arsenic-laced ash flooded into eastern Tennessee waterways, EPA officials finally agreed this week to a settle a lawsuit and issue federal regulations by the end of the year for coal ash disposal. Over 1,000 toxic coal ash dumpsites simmer today, like accidents waiting to happen.
Four years after the New York Times exposed the harrowing reality of coal slurry injections contaminating underground watersheds and drinking wells in Prenter, West Virginia, where an extraordinary corridor of brain tumors, cancer and other problems have devastated a community, coal states like Illinois continue to green-light the same process of injecting deadly coal slurry into the watersheds of its residents.
Three years after citizens groups in Kentucky found over 20,000 incidences of unreported Clean Water Act violations from coal mining operations in eastern Kentucky – hailed as "Clean Watergate" due to the state of Kentucky's lack of oversight – reckless strip mining operations continue to destroy the Cumberland waterways without end.
Two years after the US Geological survey found that mountaintop removal operations have adverse impacts on surrounding soil and water and over 20 other peer-reviewed studies conducted over a decade have enumerated the impact on the health of neighboring communities (which include birth defects and cancer) – mountaintop removal operations continue unabated in central Appalachia.
The history of regulating the US coal industry, especially in terms of clean water violations, is riddled by a stunning anatomy of denial in every generation.
Still, a decades-long resistance continues by impacted residents to protect their health, livelihoods and civil rights. Fed up with state and federal inaction, residents living under mountaintop removal operations have even launched their own bill – the Appalachian Communities Health Emergency Act – in Congress for a moratorium on the massive strip mining operations until proper health assessments are made.
Over 30 years ago, I lugged a pail of discolored water from a well in the back hollers of Bailey Mountain in West Virginia. I followed a trail of coal dust until I reached an elderly woman's front porch, only a few hundred feet away from a strip mine. The smell of the water made me gag.
When I was first informed by West Virginia friends of the 9 January coal-cleaning chemical disaster, the black waters of Bailey Mountain and the inexorable clash between coal and clean water returned to me with a bitter taste.
West Virginia has been drinking contaminated water for decades. And it always will – unless the nation decides to end our denial of the ever mounting health and human costs of the coal industry, launch a coalfields regeneration transition plan, and finally bring justice to the coalfields.
Thin privilege is being shown in your own movie.
So, this discriminating director thought I fit perfectly into an important role. I'm not in most of the movie, but I was playing an important part in the film, my character playing the most important part, and being the climax of the film. However, before we started filming, he informed me I was too fat for the role, but it was too late to recast for it. Luckily, we went ahead with filming. However, they changed the entire scene so that I wasn't even visible for the most important scene in the movie!
Even though it was one of the most important scenes in the movie, and it wasn't even written this way to start, the fatshaming director completely rewrote the scene because he thought I was too fat to even be in the movie.
TBS is continuing its ongoing efforts to get Americans to think of competitive video gaming as an actual sport, and not just that thing their nephew won't shut up about at Thanksgiving. To that end, the network has recruited certified sportsman, video game fan, and Shaq Fu master Shaquille O'Neal to play in an upcoming celebrity esports tournament, based around Street Fighter V.
The eLeague Street Fighter V Invitational Celebrity Showdown will see Shaq face off against rapper Lupe Fiasco, NFL running back Reggie Bush, and WWE Superstar Natalie Eva Marie in a test to see whose hadoken beats whose. TBS has been running its eLeague program—focused on Counter Strike: Go—for two seasons now, but rarely with this sort of celebrity clout. The one-off special will air on TBS on April 28, with all four players competing for a $45,000 pot that'll be donated to charity.
People walk past an exchange office sign showing the currency exchange rates of Ruble, Dollar, Euro and Ukrainian Hryvnia in Moscow, Russia, on Monday. The Russian ruble has plunged 2.3 percent to hit a seven-month low amid a further drop in oil prices, the country's key export. Alexander Zemlianichenko/AP
This story was last updated at 2:24 p.m.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian ruble plunged 2.9 percent on Monday to hit a seven-month low amid a further drop in oil prices, the country's key export.
The ruble was trading at 71.04 to the dollar at the close of trading in Moscow, its lowest level since Jan. 30, when Russian markets were hit by a combination of low energy prices and Western sanctions. After the market closed, the ruble recovered slightly in futures trading in an indication that it may recover some of its losses.
Oil is the backbone of the Russian economy and the fall of the ruble follows a sharp decline in the price of crude. The U.S. oil contract on Friday dropped below $40 per barrel for the first time since 2009 and on Monday was down another $1.23 a barrel at $39.22.
The ruble's slide was accompanied by falls in the currencies of many other post-Soviet countries, with the Belarusian ruble falling more than 5 percent to a new record low against the dollar, with a drop also recorded for the Ukrainian hryvnya and various currencies in the South Caucasus and Central Asia.
Kazakhstan's tenge was a notable exception after it recovered much of the losses from its free-float against the dollar last week, although shares in the Central Asian oil exporting nation slumped.
Russian officials have insisted that the economy is strong enough to weather the decline.
Speaking to reporters on Monday, Economic Development Minister Alexei Ulyukayev said he didn't expect the price of oil to stay below $40 a barrel in the long term. The Russian government has budgeted all of its spending on an estimated oil price of $50 a barrel.
Russian stocks were also falling, with the MICEX benchmark index down about 2 percent on Monday.
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in an interview last week said he hopes Russian exporters will be encouraged to sell foreign currency, helping to stabilize the ruble.
Creating and testing microservices in the cloud is a breeze with the Warewolf VM in Microsoft Azure.
June 2016, Dublin, Ireland. Warewolf is proud to announce its Version 1 release on the Microsoft Azure Marketplace. This visual- and flow-based development environment lets users create microservices with the minimum of fuss and even experience, all inside the robust Microsoft Azure cloud platform.
Modern companies must respond quickly if they plan to keep an edge over their competition. This mantra cannot be understated in the world of application development, where businesses define their advantage through customising software to their needs.
But such customisation also leads to lock-in, making it hard to migrate services to new platforms, especially where monolithic, centralised applications that do many things are concerned. In recent years microservices have risen as a solution to this problem: each built to deliver on a specific task, microservices are agnostic and modular, thus easily integrating with other services without becoming a morass of immovable applications.
“The truth is that legacy applications are not keeping up,” said Barney Buchan, CEO of Dev2, the company contracted to develop Warewolf. “You can't put a combustion engine on a horse cart and expect it to perform like an automobile would. That simply doesn't work.”
But coding microservices in a traditional manner is cumbersome, taking up much of a company's technology resources – especially in DevOps environments. This does not allow much room for experimentation and ‘fail fast' methodology.
Warewolf was developed to offer a far better and faster road for microservice testing and deployment. It uses a combination of proprietary and open source technologies, honed through an extensive beta period, to deliver intuitive microservice development. Simply drag and drop different functions to create the sequence for a microservice, then call it over HTTP/S. Warewolf covers the gamut of modern programming standards – from C# to DLLs and SQL – without agonising over every single line of code. Thanks to the improved UI and studio interface, Warewolf users report turnaround times up to 400 percent faster than regular software programming: what used to take a week can now be done in a day or even mere hours. Each microservice can also automatically deploy its own API, making integration with other applications possible.
“Microservices are an important aspect of modern cloud-based development,” said Andrea Carl, Director, Commercial Communications, Microsoft Corp. “By offering Warewolf's microservice testing and deployment solution on the Azure Marketplace, we are helping to extend the modern benefits of microservices using the power and scale of the global Azure platform.”
Azure customers can explore the benefits of Warewolf, which is available in the Azure Marketplace risk-free as a 30-day trial. Microservices can be built and tested from anywhere on Azure virtual machines, then easily integrated with existing applications on the Azure platform.
Warewolf aims to establish a new standard for ease and accessibility to microservices, the revolution of modern application development and customisation. Tap the true potential of your cloud services investment today by experiencing the difference Warewolf makes to your unique application environment.
Warewolf is a unique open source software and incredibly easy to use, and completely visually based. It makes developers lives very easy, for building of line of business apps, easy integration and microservices can be embedded, meaning they are completely reusable. This unique tool makes it very easy to build sophisticated applications in a visual, drag and drop environment.
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
For more information, press only:
Warewolf Ltd, info@warewolf.io
Note to editors: If you are interested in viewing additional information on Warewolf, please visit https://warewolf.io
Food Prices and the Multiplier Effect of Trade Policy
Author/Editor:
Paolo Giordani ; Nadia Rocha ; Michele Ruta
Publication Date:
September 26, 2014
Electronic Access:
Free Full Text. Use the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this PDF file
Disclaimer: This Working Paper should not be reported as representing the views of the IMF.The views expressed in this Working Paper are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent those of the IMF or IMF policy. Working Papers describe research in progress by the author(s) and are published to elicit comments and to further debate
Summary:
This paper studies the relationship between trade policy and food prices. We show that, when individuals are loss averse, governments may use trade policy to shield the domestic economy from large food price shocks. This creates a complementarity between the price of food in international markets and trade policy. Specifically, unilateral actions give rise to a "multiplier effect": when a shock drives up the price of food, exporters respond by imposing restrictions while importers wind down protection, thus exacerbating the initial shock and soliciting further trade policy activism. We test the key prediction of the theory with a new dataset that comprises monthly information on trade measures across 77 countries and 33 food products for the period 2008-11, finding evidence of a multiplier effect in food trade policy. These findings contribute to inform the broader debate on the proper regulation of food trade policy within the multilateral trading system.
Pandagon is daily opinion blog covering feminism, politics, and pop culture. Come for the politics, stay for the complete lack of patience for the B.S. and bad faith coming from conservative leaders and pundits.
My thread below on harassment, as usually happens with these things, has been hijacked by the WHAT ABOUT THE MENZ idiots, issuing their usual complaint when women talk about harassment: But some women are really mean when they shoot you down when you come on to them! This derailing tactic is the #1 favorite to hijack discussions about harassment, and it's a bit confusing why.
After all, let's entertain for a moment this complaint about the legions of bitches roaming the earth, waiting for men to be nice to them so they can yell at them. Let's say it's true that this happens.
So what? What does that have to do with harassment?
Nothing is what. Even if there are all these women roaming around, eagerly looking for chances to call men “creeps” for no reason whatsoever, that has nothing to do with the acceptability of harassment. That in no way negates a woman's right not to be bothered by someone she doesn't want to talk to. It in no way justifies cat-calling. It literally has nothing to do with the subject of harassment, nor does it have anything to do with harassment policies, which are about making sure a woman has recourse if a man won't leave her alone. Even if every woman out there is a big ball of meanie who tells guys to “fuck off” the second they say “hi”, that doesn't mean that a policy preventing those guys from persisting is wrong.
So the only other explanation that I can think of for why “but some women are so mean when they reject you!” to be the first thing that these guys go to when the topic of harassment is this: They are men who like harassing women, and when the subject comes up, they want to defend their behavior by spinning it as not-harassment. They are also looking for a way to blame the victim, by situating the cause for the harassment in her inability to reject him to his exacting standards, instead of blaming the harasser for not taking no for an answer the first three times you said it. “Officer, I had to harass her, because she didn't spin three times and ask permission from the gods before she told me to leave her alone!”
This comes across loud and clear in the comment thread below. The whiny guys have a very specific script they claim they would like women to follow when rejecting them. First of all, you are to stop doing what you're doing and give him your full attention. Then you are to hear the entire pitch for why you should give him a chance to get with you. Attempts to speed up the process by signaling before the pitch is complete that the answer is going to be no will be considered “rude” and permission to harass you. “Preemptively” rejecting a man is an absolute no-no, apparently.
You do not need to take a pre-emptive approach with every guy out there simply for fear of a few douchebags. I'd wager most would happily go on their way to the next woman that catches their interest.
Also, rejecting a man politely by using body language will not be accepted as a no, as it was explained that the only acceptable no is to stop what you're doing and explain to a man not just that you're not interested, but also you are required to give an explanation. Failure does these things is “rude” and any subsequent harassment is the fault of the victim thereby.
But women, these guys argue, are failing them by not following this exacting script when rejecting advances. Women are yelling at them, with little to no provocation. Women are calling them “creepy”, even though, they claim, they backed off as soon as the woman said no.
I'm afraid that I'm skeptical. I think these guys are getting yelled at by women because they don't accept a polite no. I believe they are told no politely many times by women, but they persist, until women, in an act of self-preservation, tell them to fuck off. I believe that women call them creepy because they are creepy. Here is why I think this:
I have been female my whole life. (I know! Crazy.) I've had lots of female friends. I've been hit on a lot and seen them hit on a lot. I tend to be a person who gets out and about a lot. I like parties and clubs and other well-populated public places. I also live in a dense city and use public transportation a lot, which is a surprisingly cruise-y environment. I have seen thousands upon thousands of men hitting on women, far more than I can ever count. And I have never, ever seen a man make an initial advance on a woman who then turned around and lost her shit on him, or called him creepy when he acted in a perfectly respectful way. I've never done it. I've never seen a friend do it. I've never seen a stranger do it. I get out a lot, so if this was common behavior, you'd think I'd have seen it once.
In contrast, I see men harass women multiple times a week. Often, I'm the target.
Here is how nearly every man approaching a woman has looked in all the years and thousands of examples I've seen:
Man makes overture to woman. If she's interested, she responds warmly. But if she isn't, she tries to reject him as politely as possible. Usually, the first no is non-verbal. She smilles and looks away, trying to say, “Hey, it's cool, but I'm not interested. No need to waste your time continuing to hit on me.” If she says something, it will be short and non-committal.
Most men actually take this first no and walk away. They were raised in the same culture as women and so understand non-verbal cues perfectly well. They also understand that if she doesn't find them attractive, compelling her to hear their pitch will not change her mind, but instead make her feel like he's a creepy bore. They know that a woman's initial, polite, non-verbal rejection isn't personal. She's just not feeling it, and that's her right. Why would he persist, unless he's a creep?
Some men, I'm afraid, persist. At this point, a woman tries to double down on her non-verbal signaling of non-interest. This often means tensing the shoulders, looking pointedly away, or even walking away. They often smile, in hopes that the man realizes that it's not personal, but they just don't want to be hit on, but they look down. If they are engaged in an activity, such as reading a book, they often start to do it more intensely.
If this doesn't work, usually—I'd say 99 times out of 100—the woman sends the third non-verbal rejection of pretending that he's not even speaking to her.
I'm going to take a break to note that usually someone will pop in and make excuses for these men. “They don't know how to read social signals!” they will claim. This is utter horseshit. Especially by the third non-verbal no, the woman is usually broadcasting “no” so loudly with her body language that the people around her are becoming visibly uncomfortable. Often her friends or even strangers will intervene. I will add that any man who reads social cues well enough to see himself in a post about harassment and show up in comments to rationalize his behavior is socially aware enough to know that he's been told “no” non-verbally many times. In addition, if these men were really this bad at reading social cues, they would treat other men this way, and they don't.
The reason that women send non-verbal rejections, by the way, is not because they're rude, but the opposite. They are trying to be polite.
Long story short: in conversation, “no” is disfavored, and people try to say no in ways that soften the rejection, often avoiding the word at all. People issue rejections in softened language, and people hear rejections in softened language, and the notion that anything but a clear “no” can't be understood is just nonsense.
Directly saying no is perceived, especially from women, as overly harsh. So women try to reject men in a way that allows men to save face. If you respond non-verbally by not addressing his come-on, he has an opportunity to back off without being rejected more overtly. Non-verbal rejections are, according to research, universally understood to be polite.
By the time a woman has to be verbal with a man she's rejecting, in other words, she's already in a bad situation. He's already decided that her previous, non-verbal rejections don't count. So he's already throwing up red flags. The chance that he's going to let you out of this conversation nicely is super low, no matter how “politely” you phrase your rejection.
Nonetheless, women are generally socialized to be placating, and even if they don't wish to be, they are very afraid of male harassment and violence, so once it gets verbal, she's still likely to try to find ways to let him save face. (Though some women are so afraid of escalation that they never actually get to this point; I've seen men talk to a woman who is pointedly ignoring them for like 10 subway stops before.) Verbal rejections, therefore, usually tend to be white lies instead of direct rejections. From the research:
Example 3 Mark: We were wondering if you wanted to come over Saturday, f 'r dinner. (0.4) Jane: Well (.) .hh it'd be great but we promised Carol already. (Potter and Wetherell, 1987: 86) Example 4 A: Uh if you'd care to come and visit a little while this morning I'll give you a cup of coffee. B: hehh Well that's awfully sweet of you, I don't think I can make it this morning. .hh uhm I'm running an ad in the paper and-and uh I have to stay near the phone. (Atkinson and Drew, 1979: 58)
I've seen women call guys creeps and yell at them to fuck off. I've been that woman. But it was after you gave him multiple opportunities to take a polite no, and he ignored them. At this point, he's signaled that he's dangerous, and doesn't take no for an answer. So you're going to say it rudely, in hopes that he realizes that you are no longer fucking around and you will defend yourself.
So here is what I think is going on with these guys. They hit on women. Women signal “no” in ways that allow them to save face. But they don't want to let the woman go. They have a very exacting standard of what no they'll accept. Indeed, many in comments explained what it has to be before they feel you've said no to their liking: Looking them in the eye and giving a lengthy but comforting explanation of why you are rejecting them.
It's very convenient for them that almost no one actually says no this way, isn't it! It's very convenient that they one no they accept as polite is the one no that is most uncomfortable for people to deliver. It's very convenient indeed that they believe that the well-understood methods of signaling rejection non-verbally don't “count”, and the only thing that does be a direct, forceful, but of course, politely phrased rejection.
In sum: Internet dudes who are all upset that women “creep-shame”. They creep shame you because you're a creep. And you should be fucking ashamed. Since the women you lurk over are busy hoping that you'll finally pick up on the fact that they're trying to put a book or a shoulder or a purse between them and you, I'm happy to spell it out for you: Step the fuck off. The lady is not obligated to hear your pitch. The answer, and you already knew this from the first time she refused to look you in the eye, is no. Continuing to press your point is harassment. Forcing her to spell it out for you makes you an asshole, and you deserve what you get. No wonder you're so keen on derailing threads where people are talking about ending harassment. It appears to be your fucking hobby.
‘Rudiger stays, Salah maybe'
By Football Italia staff
Monchi insists there's “no chance” Antonio Rudiger will leave Roma, but confirms “an English club” want Mohamed Salah.
Both players have been linked with a move away from the Giallorossi, with Liverpool looking to bring Salah back to England, and the sporting director was asked about the chances of their departures at new Coach Eusebio Di Francesco's presentation.
“We don't intend to sell players and we want to give the boss a competitive squad,” Monchi replied.
“As to the two names mentioned, it's true that some people like them. An English club likes Salah, and we'll decide what price to set depending on the circumstances.
“There are no offers for Rudiger and there's no chance that he'll go.
"As I've said before, Roma is not a supermarket. We're starting from the second place we just achieved, and we'll fight for our goals.
"If someone leaves, he'll have to be replaced well. There are no open talks apart from Salah."
The Lupi completed the surprise signing of Hector Moreno yesterday, could we see similar deals in the coming days and weeks?
"My objective isn't to buy players you [the media] aren't talking about, but names we like.
"We work with the Coach and we already know what players the Coach wants, we know where to reinforce and we've shared some names.
"Some projects are in progress, but I don't think there will be surprises in the very short-term."
French economist Thomas Piketty released into the English-speaking world last week his 700-page magnum opus titled “Capital in the 21st Century,” setting off a firestorm of media commentary. In the book, Piketty painstakingly reconstructs the last couple of centuries of wealth and income inequality in the world and provides cogent theories to explain their dynamics. He uses those theories and projections about future growth to predict what the next century of inequality will look like, and it's not a pretty picture. Among other things, we could see the rise of inheritance as a major player in economic fortunes.
For most of America's history, inheritance has played a limited role, but this is probably largely owing to historical accident. When you start out as a country of 3 million people and grow your population as rapidly as the U.S. has, inheritance can't loom that large. Such rapid population growth, and the overall national income growth that accompanies it, ensures that the bulk of the wealth at any given time is new wealth. It also ensures that year-over-year gains to stockpiles of old wealth can't dominate everything else.
Advertisement:
Because of these historically contingent factors, inheritance and capital stockpiling have not played the kind of role in the U.S. that they have in many European countries, most notably France and Britain. Even still, what we know of inheritance in the U.S. paints a bleak picture.
A 2011 study by Edward Wolff and Maury Gittleman found that the wealthiest 1 percent of families had inherited an average of $2.7 million from their parents. This was 447 times more money than the least wealthy group of people — those with wealth less than $25K — had inherited. In between the wealthiest and least wealthy groups, inheritance levels ran in exactly the direction you would expect: the wealthier a group of people was, the more they had inherited.
As outrageously lopsided as these inheritance disparities seem, they only reflect half of the inheritance problem. The funny thing about piles of wealth is that they deliver to their owners passive, unearned streams of income variously called rents, dividends, profits, capital gains, interest and so on. Those who get big inheritances can park those inheritances in investment accounts that just get bigger and bigger without them having to lift a finger. As a result, the gaping inheritance disparity actually grows even more gaping each year after the inheritances have been received.
Although the significance of this inheritance mechanism was rather muted in the past, Piketty argues that this muting may be coming to an end. We no longer have the rapid population and economic growth that kept the significance of inheritance at bay. Moreover, wealth is already increasingly concentrated in the hands of the few, with over 30 percent of it in the hands of the top 1 percent and over 70 percent of it in the hands of the top 10 percent. If the creation of new wealth slows down and old wealth continues its concentration upward, intergenerational transfers of wealth become a much bigger deal.
Children of the wealthy could wind up receiving increasingly larger shares of the national wealth bequeathed to them, wealth that will allow them to generate soaring incomes from capital income alone. If that happens, the meritocratic rhetoric that we use to justify America's extraordinary levels of inequality will only become even more preposterous and delusional. Inheriting big piles of wealth and then using those piles to bring in even more unearned wealth is the exact opposite of meritocracy.
Of course, none of this troubling inheritance stuff has to happen. The slowing of population and economic growth will tend toward greater wealth concentration and inheritances in the economic system we have as it is currently constructed. But we can construct it along more egalitarian lines if we want to. We can construct it in ways to break up wealth concentrations and intergenerational wealth transfers, most notably through taxes and redistribution. However, given how crazily many react to things like inheritance taxes (or “death taxes” as the meritocracy-loving conservatives call them), the changes that would head off this grim inegalitarian future may be politically impossible.
We couldn't load the mail server logs for this message.
Dear Sir or Madam,
The MINISTRY OF JUSTICE is a registered business with the registration number UC6214811, with the address of 102 Petty France, London, SW1H 9AJ.
My questions are as follow:
1. Is the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above a public or private company?
2. Is the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above a for-profit business?
3. If not, what is the purpose of being a company rather than a natural ministry of Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth's Government?
4. Does the company registered as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above oversee and regulate English and Welsh Magistrate Courts?
5. If so, are English and Welsh Magistrate Courts wholly owned by the company registered as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above?
6. If not, are English and Welch Magistrate Courts registered companies in their own right?
7. Who are the shareholders of the company registered as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above?
8. What share structure does the company registered as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above have?
9. Which Act of Parliament allowed the formation of the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE company as described above?
10. What jurisdiction does the company called MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above have over the people of England and Wales?
11. Can a company such as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above have jurisdiction over English and Welsh Freemen? If so, which natural law allows this?
12. Are Acts of Parliament (Statutes) that apply to people in England and Wales, Admiralty Law, or based on international treaty covering international commercial activity on the high seas?
13. Are England or Wales registered companies for the purposes of the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described and, or, Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth's Government?
Yours faithfully,
John Smith
Congratulations to Atlanta, Charlotte, Raleigh-Durham, and Nashville: You've won the latest round of the Google Fiber contest!
At least, that's what it probably feels like to residents of those areas today. On Tuesday, Google said it would bring Google Fiber to 18 cities across those metro areas. (Raleigh-Durham was expected to be one of the cities named, based on events Google planned days ahead.) Google has already deployed its 1-gigabit Google Fiber service to Provo, Utah; Austin, Tex.; and Kansas City.
High-speed broadband service is already available in a number of areas, but AT&T, Comcast, Google, and others are looking to push bandwidth speeds even higher via gigabit deployments. Many also see Google's presence as an important competitive threat, breaking the hegemony held by traditional cable companies and forcing prices lower. Google Fiber costs about $120 per month, including TV and Internet service.
Why this matters: Competition is probably the most welcome aspect of this to consumers. Let's face it: Aside from apartments or homes with a number of users sharing bandwidth, or downloading a game from Steam or another service, most of us don't use the full capacity of our broadband connections. That in no way justifies the absurd argument that cable providers have put forward that we don't need high-speed broadband; it's just that everyone benefits from lower prices, while only a subset of those sees an advantage from higher bandwidth options.
Gigabit fiber is growing
Gigabit broadband is gaining momentum in 2015. Last February, Google said it would explore bringing Google Fiber to 34 more cities across the country, based on criteria that included whether the community in question would share maps of the city's existing conduit, water, gas and electricity lines to help with the planning process.
Several of those additional metro areas—Phoenix, Portland, Salt Lake City, San Antonio and San Jose—are still being considered for Google Fiber, Google said. And while it's doing that, Google is reportedly considering a nationwide cellular service, piggybacking off the T-Mobile and Sprint networks.
AT&T, meanwhile, has already brought its gigabit U-verse with GigaPower service to Austin, Dallas-Fort Worth, and several cities in North Carolina. Beyond that, the company has announced plans to expand to 12 additional markets, including Atlanta; Charlotte and Greensboro, N.C.; Chicago; Cupertino, Calif.; Houston and San Antonio, Tex., Jacksonville and Miami, Fla.; Nashville, Tenn.; Overland Park, Kan.; and St. Louis, Mo., with eventual plans to bring the service to 100 cities nationally. Comcast, too, plans its own gigabit service sometime in 2015, but it has yet to say how it will roll out the technology or how much it will charge.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The protests in Ferguson, Missouri, were relatively calm yesterday, especially compared to previous nights where heavily armed police have responded to protests with tear gas and arrests. But there was at least one police officer who took things a little too far. In this video, an unidentified officer points a rifle at journalists and others walking in the street and warns, “I'll fucking kill you.” (NSFW language in the clip.)
Somebody off-camera asks for his name and the officer replies, “Go fuck yourself.” Soon afterward, a county police sergeant comes and ushers the officer away. Earlier today the ACLU asked for the officer to be removed from Ferguson. The St. Louis County Police Department has announced that the officer has been suspended, according to the Washington Post:
Washington's ambassador to the UN, Susan Rice, says new resolution would authorise aerial bombing of Gaddafi's tanks
The US is pushing the UN to authorise not just a no-fly zone over Libya, but also the use of air strikes to stop the advance of forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi.
Washington's ambassador to the UN, Susan Rice, said on Wednesday that a no-fly zone would have only a limited use, and that the Obama administration was working "very hard" to pass a new resolution, which would authorise the use of aerial bombing of Libyan tanks and heavy artillery.
The UN security council is planning to vote on the resolution late on Thursday.
After a day of intensive negotiation in New York, Rice told reporters: "We need to be prepared to contemplate steps that include, but perhaps go beyond, a no-fly zone at this point, as the situation on the ground has evolved, and as a no-fly zone has inherent limitations in terms of protection of civilians at immediate risk."
The draft, supported by the US, Britain, France and Germany, reflects a significant shift by Washington, alarmed by the speed at which the uprising is collapsing and concerned at the possibility of a massacre in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi.
Until this week, the US had been totally opposed to becoming involved militarily in Libya.
"We are interested in a broad range of actions that will effectively protect civilians and increase the pressure on the Gaddafi regime to halt the killing and to allow the Libyan people to express themselves in their aspirations for the future freely and peacefully," Rice said.
A diplomat on the security council told the Associated Press that Rice said the goal should be expanded from creating a no-fly zone to protecting civilians. To do this, the international community must have all the necessary tools – including authorisation to use planes, troops or ships to stop attacks by Gaddafi's air, land and sea forces.
The US, still fighting in both Iraq and Afghanistan, is deeply reluctant to be drawn into conflict in another Muslim country, and remains opposed to putting American troops on the ground to create "safe havens".
"The United States is pretty busy with two wars, and we don't want a third," a senior official told the New York Times.
Washington is insisting that any military action would have to be authorised by the security council and be carried out by an international coalition, including Arab states.
Barack Obama has been cautious over calls for a no-fly zone, which the Pentagon has described as a step tantamount to war.
But the secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, told reporters that the turning point was the Arab League's support over the weekend for a no-fly zone over Libya.
"That was an extraordinary statement," Clinton said, noting that Arab nations were asking the UN security council to take action "against one of their own".
Libya's deputy UN ambassador, Ibrahim Dabbashi, who supports the opposition, said five Arab countries have offered support, and told reporters he expects a no-fly resolution to be adopted, with a provision that will also allow air strikes.
Whether the security council does take action and authorises "all necessary measures" to protect civilians remains to be seen.
A vote has been pencilled in for Thursday afternoon, although schedules have a tendency to slip at the UN. Russia and China, which both have a veto on the 15-member security council, could yet block it.
China's UN ambassador, Li Baodong, the current council president, told reporters "we hope we will have real progress tomorrow".
Workers' incomes plummet during the Obama “recovery”
11 October 2011
As the anti-Wall Street protests against social inequality and the tyranny of the financial oligarchy spread across the US, a new study released Monday documents the devastating decline in working class living standards over the past four years.
The study, authored by two former US Census Bureau officials, concludes that inflation-adjusted median household income plunged 9.8 percent from December 2007, the official start of the recession, to June of 2011. Moreover, household income fell more than twice as rapidly during the Obama “recovery,” which began in June of 2009, than during the 18 months of official recession.
According to authors Gordon W. Green Jr. and John F. Coder, median real household income fell 3.2 percent during the official recession, a dramatic decline, but one far surpassed by the additional 6.7 percent drop between June 2009 and June of this year.
Calling the nearly 10 percent decline over a three-and-a-half year period “a significant reduction in the American standard of living,” the report notes that while wage gains outpaced inflation during the recession itself, wages failed to keep pace with inflation during the so-called “recovery.” (The report is available at www.sentierresearch.com and a graph here).
Green and Coder attribute the sharp fall in household income for the majority of Americans largely to continued mass unemployment. The New York Times, in a front-page article on their report Monday, notes the staggering increase in the average duration of joblessness.
When the recession was said to have begun in December 2007, the figure was 16.6 weeks. It had increased to 24.1 weeks by June of 2009, when the recession supposedly ended. Last month, according to the Labor Department employment report released on Friday, the average duration of unemployment had reached 40.5 weeks, the longest in 63 years.
The Times cites a separate study by Henry S. Farber, a Princeton University economics professor, which found that workers who lost jobs during the recession and later found work again earned an average of 17.5 percent less in their new jobs than in the ones they had lost.
Over the same period, bankers and corporate CEOs have grown richer than ever, thanks to trillions of dollars in taxpayer bailouts, unlimited cheap loans from the Federal Reserve Board, and the refusal of the Obama administration to prosecute the Wall Street criminals responsible for the financial meltdown or implement any real banking reform.
The growing numbers of people participating in the anti-Wall Street protests and the millions more in the US and around the world who sympathize with them must recognize that the impoverishment of the majority and further enrichment of the top 1 percent are not simply the result of impersonal economic forces. They are the result of the calculated and deliberate policies of the American ruling class and the Obama administration, its loyal servant.
Ever since coming to office, Obama has devoted his administration's policies to protecting and increasing the wealth of the financial elite. He has refused to implement any programs to hire unemployed workers or provide significant relief to the victims of the depression—those who have lost their homes to foreclosure, those whose incomes have been devastated by unemployment, those students who face crushing debts and soaring tuition costs, etc.
He has refused to provide serious aid to cities and states bankrupted by the slump, thereby encouraging the wholesale destruction of public jobs and services, especially in education, and a brutal assault on workers' wages, pensions and health benefits. Now he is pushing for hundreds of billions of dollars in cuts in federal social programs, including Medicare and Medicaid.
He has pursued a policy of keeping unemployment high in order to use it, with the assistance of the trade unions, to blackmail workers into accepting wage cuts. It is not an accident that workers' incomes have fallen more sharply since June 2009 than in the preceding months.
In that month, General Motors filed for bankruptcy as part of the restructuring of the US auto industry dictated by the Obama Auto Task Force. The terms, agreed to by the United Auto Workers, included an expansion of tier-two wages to include all newly hired workers, creating a super-exploited work force earning around $14 a hour—half the traditional wage rate. The massive wage-cutting at GM and Chrysler was the signal for an assault on wages across every sector of the US economy.
All of the components of household income—wages, Social Security, welfare payments, pensions—have been gutted as a result of the policies of the Obama administration and both big business parties. They are exploiting the crisis to carry through a counterrevolution in the social conditions and living standards of the working class.
Corporations are already reaping the rewards in booming profits and are rubbing their hands in anticipation of even bigger windfalls to come. High unemployment, wage-cutting and speedup are at the center of the government's pledge to double US exports in five years. Obama's talk of reviving US manufacturing is based on turning the US into a cheap labor platform for exporting goods around the world.
On Friday, the Wall Street Journal featured two articles boasting of the initial successes in increasing US competitiveness by imposing near-poverty wages on American workers. “Buck Up, America, China is Getting Too Expensive” was the headline of the first, and “Otis Shifts Work Closer to Home” was the title of the second.
The first described the beginnings of a movement to “re-shore” manufacturing from China back to the US, based on low wages and greater labor “flexibility.” It cited a recent report by the Boston Consulting Group entitled “Made in America, Again,” which included among the forces pushing certain manufacturing sectors to return to the US “more flexibility from some US unions, resulting in fewer work rules and lower labor costs.” The article on Otis Elevator Co. reported the firm's shifting of production from Mexico back to the US.
The Boston Consulting Group report cites as one example of this trend Ford's decision to bring 2,000 jobs back to the US “in the wake of a favorable agreement with the United Auto Workers that allows the company to hire new workers at $14 an hour.” The report goes on to say that “certain US states, such as South Carolina, Alabama and Tennessee, will turn out to be among the least expensive production sites in the industrialized world.”
The Obama administration, the Democratic and Republican parties, the corporate-controlled media are all instruments of the American capitalist class and are irreconcilably hostile to the interests of working people and youth. There can be no viable fight against social inequality and the domination of Wall Street outside of a political struggle against these forces and the profit system which they defend.
The attempts by the trade unions and their pseudo-left allies such as the International Socialist Organization to exclude socialist politics from the anti-Wall Street protests must be rejected. This is nothing but an attempt to channel the movement behind its worst enemies—the Obama administration, the Democratic Party and the capitalist two-party system.
The current crisis reflects the failure of the capitalist system on a world scale. The defense of basic social and democratic rights requires the building of a mass socialist movement to break the grip of the financial oligarchy and place the banks and corporations under the democratic control of the working class.
Barry Grey
Barry Grey
As British Columbians go to the polls Tuesday, government insiders on Parliament Hill and in the provincial capitals of the larger provinces mostly have their fingers crossed in hope of the re-election of the outgoing premier. That starts with Justin Trudeau's government. Tuesday's vote is the first electoral test — albeit by proxy — of the environment/energy balance the prime minister has been trying to achieve.
B.C. Liberal leader Christy Clark arrives for a leaders debate in Vancouver in late April. British Columbia voters go to the polls Tuesday. ( DARRYL DYCK / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
To claim some measure of success for that approach in the 2019 election, Trudeau ideally needs at least one pipeline to tidewater to come off the drawing board between now and then and a national consensus behind his plan to impose a floor price on carbon. The fate of both could rest with B.C. voters. Last fall, the federal cabinet gave the green light to the expansion of Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain pipeline. Liberal Premier Christy Clark belatedly came out in support of the project. Her main rival, NDP Leader John Horgan is against it. A New Democrat victory would bolster opposition to the pipeline project. It would also, in a domino effect, weaken Alberta's NDP government.
Article Continued Below
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley has been a key Trudeau ally. Her support for his approach to climate change may be all that stands between his Liberal government and a divisive inter-regional battle over the federal carbon-pricing bid. Notley has argued that a more proactive climate change mitigation agenda would pave the way to a social licence for the building of more pipelines to get Alberta oil to tidewater through provinces such as B.C. That has also been the rationale Trudeau has put forward both in opposition and in government. The Alberta conservative opposition will have a field day with that narrative should Clark lose to Horgan. So will their federal cousins. With the exception of Ontario MP Michael Chong, the candidates for Stephen Harper's succession oppose to various degrees the very notion of a carbon tax. The B.C. election has divided the New Democrat family in a very public way. NDP MPs from the province have played a support role for Horgan on the campaign trail. Notley, on the other hand, has instructed her caucus and the strategists associated with her government to steer clear of the NDP campaign. If Horgan wins, it will be up to Thomas Mulcair's successor to find a way to navigate between two opposing NDP premiers. Not everyone in the federal caucus finds that prospect alluring.
Notley is not cheering for her NDP counterpart. Nor are the premiers of Ontario and Quebec. With their own re-election campaigns on the horizon, Ontario's Kathleen Wynne and Quebec's Philippe Couillard have reasons to wish Clark well Tuesday.
Article Continued Below
TransCanada's plan to transport Western Canada bitumen oil to the Atlantic coast via the Energy East pipeline does not have a lot of overt support in high places in Quebec. The pipeline issue has the potential to become a third rail of the province's politics. From Couillard's perspective, any positive development on the pipeline front in B.C. stands to lessen pressure to get the Energy East project off the ground.
After 16 years in opposition, the B.C. NDP under leader John Horgan is hoping to unseat Premier Christy Clark?s Liberals in a provincial election on May 9, 2017.. Here?s a look at the B.C. leaders and their platforms ahead of the vote.
Clark is campaigning for a fifth consecutive Liberal mandate — as will Wynne next year. The B.C. premier went into the campaign dragging a lot of accumulated baggage. She was initially behind in the polls. By campaign's end, some pollsters were describing the result as too close to call. Wynne, who will have to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat to win the next Ontario election, could find some solace in a Clark win. She does need all the arguments she can get to bolster hope within her own ranks. Trudeau has scrupulously kept his distance from the B.C. election, but he did give Clark an assist in the dying days of the campaign. Last month, the outgoing premier seized on the resumption of the softwood lumber war between Canada and the United States to promise to lead a charge against Donald Trump trade's agenda. In retaliation, she is calling for a federal ban on thermal coal shipments through B.C. ports. In a letter made public on Friday — on the eve of the last weekend before the vote — Trudeau wrote he would consider her request. It is a rare B.C. election that causes the federal government to hold its breath as it awaits the result. Tuesday's vote is one of those. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Her column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
Story highlights Oregon is trying to offset dropping fuel tax revenue
Drivers who take part in a voluntary program, which begins in July, will have their mileage recorded and pay 1.5 cents per mile
The state calls the program "a new way to fund roads and bridges for all Oregonians"
(CNN) Oregon is set to become the first state in the nation to implement a pay-per-mile tax.
The measure is currently voluntary, starts in July and will be open to only 5,000 drivers.
Participating drivers will have their mileage recorded and be charged 1.5 cents per mile. They'll get credit to offset the fuel tax at the pump.
It's an interesting experiment by the state as an attempt to offset the dropping revenue from the fuel tax. This is a problem across the United States as more drivers opt for fuel-efficient vehicles. That's good for the environment, Oregon policymakers say, but bad for roads and bridges.
Money collected from the fuel tax goes toward repairing and maintaining that infrastructure in Oregon, and the state frames this program as "a new way to fund roads and bridges for all Oregonians."
Read More
Wearable computing has long been part of the holy grail of the pursuit towards integration of information science with human interface devices.
We've seen its use described in popular science-fiction novels and shown in movies and television (like "Star Wars" and "Star Trek") and has been the fodder of futurists for longer than I can possibly remember.
There's no question that these devices will be used extensively, particularly in vertical markets for specific types of applications where hands-free computing has distinct advantages, such in the medical and military fields, as well as in breaking news reporting.
But products like Google Glass will face numerous adoption challenges because they present issues in any number of social situations where privacy or desire to be "off the record" is most cherished.
One might ask, why are privacy issues with Glass any different than any other device that can record, such as a smartphone or a miniature tablet?
They are absolutely different. Today, even with cameras on smartphone handsets, recording in certain areas is frowned upon, but at least there is time for the object of the recording to raise an objection and ask for the device to be put away.
Because Glass is being worn, and might eventually be integrated into prescription eyewear, it's a "stealth" recording device. The object of the recording may not know they've been captured on video until it is too late. And, the device's ability to transmit that footage to the public-viewable cloud nearly instantaneously with a 4G or Wi-Fi connection will make it much more feared than a simple camera with localized storage.
In the "Explorer" edition of Google Glass that has now shipped to celebrity early adopters and developers, there is no indication whatsoever that the subject is being recorded.
Contrary to early reports, there is no LED or light or anything of the sort to alert that a video or a picture is being taken. This might be changed in mass-market versions of the device produced by licensing OEMs, but for now, one should assume that if Glass' 720p 5-megapixel CMOS sensor is pointed at you, you're on Candid Camera.
Glass and similar products that enter the market because of their potential for recording images and video in a stealthy fashion will be unwelcome in any place that people gather and expect some degree of privacy, and new social norms will have to be developed for their use as well as establishment of etiquette for obtaining the consent of those being recorded.
What about prescription versions of Glass? Won't it make it harder to remove them from people in social situations?
First, we're making a very big assumption that Google can get the eyewear industry to cooperate by licensing this technology. Google is probably not going to want to get into the eyewear business because there are too many styles, and people view their eyewear styles as being a very personal fashion choice.
That being said, the balance of the designer eyeglass frame as well as the prescription eyeglass retail business, as well as the distribution channels for prescription eyewear — with the exception of Costco and Wal-Mart, which are loss leaders in this area — is effectively a monopoly controlled by the Luxottica Group S.p.A, based in Milan, Italy, which generates over €7 billion in net sales annually, based on their last financial statement.
Virtually every design patent for every licensed eyeglass brand you can think of is controlled by this firm. If Google even wants to play in this arena, it will be on Luxottica's terms. If you think Apple is litigious with protecting design patents, just imagine what Luxottica will do if it suspects Google is attempting to intrude on its business.
More than likely, I think that anyone who is serious about using this sort of devices will opt to use contact lenses or elect for corrective laser surgery, and they can simply just remove the device if someone takes offense to it being used.
And again, if Luxottica feels its long-term business is threatened by the device in any way that could potentially lead toward a downward trend in the use of prescription eyewear, God help Google.
For those too squeamish for corrective surgery or contact lenses, a "clip-on" version of Glass is likely to enter the market.
And the potential for backlash?
Well, there's already backlash to Google Glass. The fact that terms like "Glasshole" and "Doucheglass" are being bandied about already means that the general public finds the product and their users to be obnoxious.
There will be Glass-free signs posted in businesses of all kinds. I can certainly see them being banned from any number of public spaces under local ordinances passed which may govern when and where they cannot be used.
They will be prohibited from being used in schools due to concerns over student distraction and possible cheating. Government buildings will almost certainly prohibit them, as will airport security. There will be incidents of "Glass Rage" where people will get into fights over their use.
And there are probably scenarios for backlash we haven't even thought of yet.
Despite the clear privacy issues and challenges that Google will face with the eyewear industry, I do think that these devices will inevitably enter the mainstream, despite restrictions that will be imposed on their use.
If Luxottica feels its long-term business is threatened by the device in any way potentially that could lead toward a downward trend in the use of prescription eyewear, God help Google.
I think there will be an initial surge for prosumers/professionals and verticals at $800 with a mass adoption price point at about $500, with universal adoption at about $250.
That Android runs at the core of Glass is probably a good thing, at least for Google's device. Android is a known quantity when it comes to software development.
However, the type of apps we will see for augmented reality use are likely to be very different than what is used on a smartphone. I expect these to be more of the "telemetry" type apps that are simply extensions of things running remotely on a Bluetooth-connected smartphone, not unlike how current smartwatches work.
I believe augmented reality wearable computers are likely to enter the industry by more than just Google, and there will be different ways to market the geotargeting aspects of the technology.
The obvious one will be augmented reality superimposed advertisements that hook directly into Google Ads, but there's huge potential for noise here.
Google has stated that no advertisements will be allowed in third-party apps on Glass. I think it is highly unlikely that Google is going to make Glass an advert-free zone. It is far more likely that it intends to reserve ad network promotion for basic device functionality so that app developers cannot abuse the system.
More likely the advertising on the device will have to be targeted according to the user's Google+ profile and to search context, through queries such as "Okay Glass, show me pizzerias in a one mile radius."
Based on my "+1" of pizza restaurants on Google+, I could see the device popping up overlays if I'm near a particularly good one, such as a place with a particularly high Zagat rating. And it might even show me pizza restaurants that have paid for particularly high Google Ads placement as well.
What we think of "advertisement" will be defined entirely by how much Google "juice" an Google Ads customer is willing to pay for in order to get in front of literally as many eyeballs as possible. These will not be "pitches" for product as such, but jostling for position on an augmented overlay.
Geotargeted and context and query-based visual augmentation will almost certainly make up the bulk of the revenue model, at least initially.
But I also see Glass as a supplemental ecosystem for the existing Google Play application store, particularly for Android smartphone apps that have the ability to extend their reach into the new device through "telemetry" or Glass-optimized user interfaces.
There may be other types of Glass-oriented content that Google is looking for developers to produce that the wearers can consume and can be monetized. Perhaps industry or interest-specific augmentation overlays, much like the way dictionary add-ons for word processing packages were sold to the medical and legal industry in the 1980s.
In terms of enhancing our overall communications and collaboration experience, I'm not yet convinced it is going to raise the bar. We already have the capability to do pretty sophisticated video chat and video conferencing with smartphones and PCs and it still only has limited use.
Where I do see this making some impact is in social networking. Clearly this would be a win for Google+ and a blow to Facebook. "Liking" and "friending" people could be an act of simply pointing at an icon floating in space over somebody's head, as opposed to having to look up their profile.
The adult film industry will certainly use this device with consent, but imagine what unscrupulous, ethically-challenged sociopaths might do with Glass.
Status updates could be dictated and photo-sharing services like Instagram could be made obsolete. So it might add some transparency to Social Networking as opposed to it being the chore that it is today.
Still, I think the technology platform has to prove itself before it becomes more than just a more sophisticated replacement to existing Bluetooth headsets.
At the moment Glass uses very commodity system-on-a-chip (SoC) with fairly off the shelf display, camera and battery tech. Google will need to develop the technology a little further if it wants to put devices on the market that are usable for more than just a few hours at a time and can really make use of the life-logging capabilities as opposed to running out of gas after 20 minutes of video recording.
They will need much lower-power SoCs and more sophisticated battery chemistry, so that the majority of the heavy lifting is done by a wireless tethered smartphone instead. Google can certainly get millions of Glass devices pumped out with the current reference design, but it may not be palatable in its current form due to short battery life.
Social and technology limitations aside, there is a significant vertical pivot in all of this. Medical, law enforcement, private security, scientific research, pharmaceutical, and aerospace. Any profession where hands-free device operation is an asset.
Even if Google Glass flops in terms of mass-market adoption, the vertical applications are tremendous, and on that alone the technology should be considered successful if it gets penetration into those industries.
There's another industry that Glass is going to get penetration, and it should be obvious to everyone — pornography.
Google may not intend the product to be used in that fashion, but let's face it, first-person, close-up perspective views of sex acts are as much the holy grail of the adult industry as wearable computing and life logging is in the collective consciousness of science fiction. In fact, the two have often come hand and hand with each other.
For example, the production-cursed 1983 Douglas Trumbull film "Brainstrom" starring Natalie Wood and Christoper Walken depicts a lifelogging technology similar to Glass — which also has the ability to record sensation and emotion — that is misused and is exploited by one of its inventors to chronicle his bedroom exploits with women, and then share it with his colleagues.
The adult film industry will certainly use this device with consent, but imagine what unscrupulous, ethically-challenged sociopaths might do with Glass.
If you think "sexting" is something to be wary of, and you're concerned about having your children exposed to it, that's nothing compared to what Glass has the potential to be misused for.
Google Glass will make some sort of industry impact in 2014. Whether that is strictly with early adopters, "prosumers" or use in vertical markets, this is difficult to say. It's also hard to tell this early on whether or not the product is acceptable in its current form given the limitations it has in terms of battery life and just how exactly it might be monetized by third-party developers.
What is certain, however, is that there is a nearly universal negative reaction to the life-logging and stealth recording capabilities of the device. Regardless of how cheap Google Glass eventually becomes due to efficiencies in mass production, it's obnoxious and invasive at any price and its potential for abuse by the ethically challenged and sociopaths among us is virtually unlimited.
Is Google Glass an obnoxious technology at any price? Talk Back and Let Me Know.
While Seattle's population growth is soaring, the opposite trend is under way in surrounding King County. Last year, the suburbs experienced their slowest population gains in more than a decade.
Well, suburbs, you had a good run. But it looks likes it's finally come to an end.
For 100 long years, starting in 1910, the King County suburbs grew at a faster rate than Seattle. Even during the Boeing Bust era of the 1970s, when the city was losing population, the rest of the county maintained double-digit growth.
No more.
In 2016, Seattle notched its fifth consecutive year of faster growth than surrounding King County, according to my analysis of new U.S. Census Bureau data. In total, Seattle's population has increased by 15.4 percent since the start of the decade. The rest of the county? Just 8.9 percent. At this point, it clearly isn't a fluke — it's a trend.
Even more remarkable, perhaps, is that last year, Seattle didn't just grow at a faster rate than the King County suburbs. The city also added more people in terms of raw numbers: 20,847 to 14,867. It's the first time that's happened since the U.S. Census Bureau began producing annual population estimates in 2000.
“Seattle lost population from the 1950s until the mid-1980s,” said Chandler Felt, the King County demographer, in an email. He points out that in the 1950s, Seattle's population only grew because of annexation.
“During that time, the suburbs — everything in King County outside Seattle — grew pretty rapidly,” he said. “It was suburbanization, and it occurred all over the U.S.”
But starting around 1985, Seattle began to turn things around, gaining population for the first time in decades. Then, in 2011, the city modestly outpaced the county in rate of growth. At that time, many other big American cities also started growing faster than their suburbs, leading some demographers to declare it the “Decade of the City.”
But that may have been premature, according to a Washington Post analysis published in May. American suburbs are once again growing at a faster rate than the cities, which have cooled off a bit.
Here, we're trending in the opposite direction.
As I reported last month, Seattle had a record-breaking 3.1 percent population growth in 2016, ranking us as the fastest-growing big city in the nation. What I didn't mention is that things were a lot quieter in the suburbs. Outside of Seattle, King County's population increased by just 1 percent, the slowest rate of growth since 2004.
Felt thinks a variety of factors are at play. There's been a shift in attitude toward cities, particularly among young people, who are attracted to urban lifestyles and walkable neighborhoods. Also, explosive job growth in central Seattle has stimulated a boom in residential development in the city's core.
Policy has also played a role.
“I believe that some of the turnaround since the early 1990s is due to the effects of the Growth Management Act, and its implementation here in King County,” Felt explained.
That act, which was adopted by the state Legislature in 1990, is intended to curtail urban sprawl and protect environmentally sensitive lands in fast-growing areas by regulating development.
“That has involved discouraging growth in rural and resource areas,” Felt said, while “encouraging development and growth in major urban centers … and strengthening of high-capacity transit including light rail.”
According to Felt, since the Growth Management Act went into effect, there has been a dramatic shift in residential building permits away from outlying and rural areas toward the biggest cities.
Pierce and Snohomish counties, which have been absorbing more of the region's growth recently, both grew by about 2 percent last year. That's significantly faster than the King County suburbs, but still not as fast as Seattle.
In this introductory video lesson on marketing, you'll learn what marketing is, how it's used to reach consumers and why it's important to businesses. You'll also see how exchange is related to marketing.
What is Marketing?
Marketing to children has more than doubled since 1992
How would you explain marketing? The first few words that usually pop into a person's head are 'marketing equals sales!' Marketing is NOT just personal selling or even just advertising. Most people define marketing in a very limited way. Marketing includes activities such as public relations, sales promotion, advertising, social media, pricing, distribution and many other functions.
Companies have increased their marketing budget's dramatically. For example, it is estimated that companies spend over 15 billion dollars annually on marketing to JUST KIDS. This is an increase of over 2.5 times more than they were spending in 1992. The cumulative function of marketing is to communicate, deliver and create value to the consumer. In addition, companies must take into consideration their employees, stakeholders and society. The most successful companies around engage in very consumer-oriented marketing. They spend enormous amounts of time, money and resources examining the everyday lives of their customers and create products to fill a need. Examples of companies that are known for creative, leading-edge marketing are Disney, Pepsi, Apple and Procter & Gamble.
The Four P's
Marketing is made up of four elements: product, place, promotion and price. The elements must be used in a cohesive plan to effectively target the consumer. A product can be either a physical product or service. Place is where the product is purchased. Price is the amount a consumer pays for the product and promotion consists of the communication tools used to effectively get the company's message out.
Official Definition of Marketing
The official definition of marketing is it is a philosophy whose main focus is providing customer satisfaction. Marketing is the activity, set of institutions, and processes for creating, communicating, delivering, and exchanging offerings that have value for customers, clients, partners and society at large. Also included in the definition are all of the activities that help businesses reach their target market effectively.
Exchange
The ultimate outcome for marketing is when a successful exchange occurs. For example, today you desire a fast food lunch. As a consumer, you must give up something to receive something that you would rather have. Most consumers will relinquish money to receive a product or service. In order for the exchange to qualify as successful, there are some basic rules that must be met:
× Unlock Content Over 75,000 lessons in all major subjects Get access risk-free for 30 days,
just create an account. Try it risk-free No obligation, cancel anytime. Want to learn more? Select a subject to preview related courses: Math
History
English
ACT/SAT
Science
Business
Psychology
AP
The last time that we had heard anything about Tyler Eifert, Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis went into a speech that could be summed up as "he's getting healthier".
"We're continuing to get Tyler healthy," said Lewis in early November. "I can't give you an update until he gets close to being healthy. He's on the mend; he's healing doing things and if he gets back and healthy and he's going to be able to contribute and not risk further injury, then he'll be back and out there. We're obviously not going to risk Tyler's future for any part of this season right now until he's completely 100 percent healthy to be able to do his job."
One of the team's beat writers connected dots and made a statement-like question towards Lewis that Eifert could miss the rest of the season... which Lewis confirmed as "right."
Right.
Let's not put words in Lewis' mouth by suggesting a 50/50 proposition could swing towards the most dramatic headline: EIFERT COULD MISS THE REST OF THE SEASON. Nasty dislocation of the elbow, short-term Injured Reserve... of course he could miss the rest of the season. So could Vontaze Burfict for all we know.
It's been three weeks and Lewis was asked on Friday if Eifert has a chance to return this season.
"He does".
Now the dramatic headline is: EIFERT COULD RETURN THIS SEASON.
What the f*ck just changed?
Coley Harvey, who offers a more sensible "progressing" headline, writes:
Lewis was asked again Friday if there was a chance Eifert would return this season, and the coach said yes. It was the second time in a week that he acknowledged that Eifert should be back in the fold.
Skinny posted that Eifert, who hasn't been cleared to practice yet, declined comment.
After posting 39 receptions for 445 yards receiving and two touchdowns during his rookie season, Eifert has missed all but one game this season. During the regular season opener in Baltimore, Eifert posted three receptions (two leading to first downs) for 37 yards receiving.
An American football coach has been told he is no longer allowed to pray with his team – following complaints from atheists.
Coach John Small had been praying with players at East Coweta High School, Georgia.
But he has now been forced to stop after atheist group Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) sent a letter of complaint to the school.
Complaint
FFRF legal fellow Christopher Line claimed that Coach Small should not “lead his team in prayer” or “advocate for students to lead team prayer” because of his position within the school.
After receiving the letter, the school decided to issue formal guidance on the matter.
It stated that school employees “cannot participate in any student initiated/student led prayer or worship while acting in their official capacity”.
Fired
The news comes shortly after another American football coach lost his legal case. Joe Kennedy was fired after rejecting demands to stop praying, bowing his head or kneeling.
He took his case to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, where judges ruled against him and claimed that his actions could be seen as state endorsement of religion.
First Liberty Institute, a religious liberty group which is supporting Kennedy, expressed dismay at the ruling.
Deputy General Counsel Mike Berry said: “We are deeply disappointed by the decision and will consider all options available to Coach Kennedy as we continue to review the opinion.”
Men put their heroes on pedestals so high, the people lining up to drink the Kool-Aid can't even see into the cups they're being given. Photo illustration: stallio flickr via Creative Commons
Back in 2007, before Gamergate, before everyone started to grasp that being a woman online was fundamentally unsafe, Kathy Sierra was hounded off the internet. It doesn't matter what she did to attract the attention of trolls – as with this summer's outbreak of abuse in the gaming community, the revenge of the trolls was based on a pack of lies anyway.
But that didn't matter – the trolls had been called down. They sent death threats to Sierra, a well-known Java programmer and software design guru, and Photoshopped her head onto pictures of corpses, and Photoshopped her children into porn scenes, and published her private information and address. The only safe thing to do was to disappear as much as possible, although that wasn't a perfect solution either, because at that point no perfect solution exists.
Now, Sierra has returned with a devastating and widely-shared essay (which she says will soon be deleted but is also here ), in which she expresses justified hurt and fury at the men who harassed her – and, even more, at those who excused the trolls or looked the other way. In it, Sierra writes of what she calls The Kool-Aid Point, the point where a brand – or a person – gets so popular that it attracts hate purely because people like it.
It wasn't about harassment, abuse, or threats against people but about the kind of brand ‘trolls' you find in, say, Apple discussion forums. My wildly non-scientific theory was this: the most vocal trolling and ‘hate' for a brand kicks in HARD once a critical mass of brand fans/users are thought to have ‘drunk the Koolaid'. In other words, the hate wasn't so much about the product/brand but that other people were falling for it.
Most people know this, but let me make it explicit: “drinking the Kool-Aid” is a reference to the Jonestown massacres, where cult followers drank poisoned juice and died en masse. “Drinking the Kool-Aid” means ingesting poison mindlessly because you're told to by someone you trust. Sierra's Kool-Aid Point is the moment when people (usually men) turn against one person (usually a woman) because they imagine she's using her popularity to serve up something poisonous.
In this case, the Kool-Aid Point is a work of paranoia – there's no poison. But there is a real Poison Kool-Aid Point, and the trusted people standing there, handing out cups and drinking, are mostly men. As vigilant as some men are about imaginary poisoned Kool-Aid, they're all too often happy to down the real thing.
Men (especially men who roam certain corners of the internet) put their heroes (especially men who run certain “hacktivist” enterprises) on pedestals so high, the people lining up to drink can't even see into the cups they're being handed.
The problem isn't that people question authority or popularity, which is smart and sensible. The problem – an important one because it is so difficult to pin down – is when people see poisoned Kool-Aid where none exists, which can be abusive and insidious. The men who are magical believers see a popular woman handing someone a cup, and they don't wait to see what's inside. It could be water or broth – something refreshing, something nourishing. But they don't trust a woman with an audience for her ideas. In their minds, anything a woman hands out to drink must be poison.
Some men think anything a woman offers must be witch's brew. Illustration: EFF flickr via Creative Commons
The irony, of course, is that these same Kool-Aid vigilantes are usually great supporters of the hacker Andrew “Weev” Auernheimer – the world's most famous internet troll, the man who originally drove Sierra off the internet with threats to her real-world safety . Sierra, in explaining why she has suddenly reappeared online, insists that if Weev wants to punish women for speaking out, then people who endorse him – however tacitly – are condoning the punishment of women.
And in the last few weeks, as Weev himself has reemerged following his hacking trial , he has made it impossible to ignore his anti-Semitic and racist tendencies. The man has a giant swastika tattoo on his chest, and he willingly had a photo of it published as the main image atop the screed he published last week on a white supremacist website.
And yet many of Auernheimer's friends and advocates have not deserted him. By all accounts, Weev has charisma – it even affected Sierra, she admits – and some of the things he stands for having objective value. His championing of the right to online freedom and privacy has won him a lot of support from the Aaron Swartz crowd. But he has been sneaking poison into the cups he handed out. And the tech world has been drinking them.
There is a Poison Kool-Aid Point, but it's not where Sierra's harassers and other trolls think it is. They see it at the point where other people start listening, or start caring, or start valuing the opinion of someone who they feel speaks for them. But it's not there. It's at the point where that person starts feeding followers poison, and they take it. It's the point where people look at the hand that's holding the cup, not at its contents. That hand too often belongs to a male demagogue, and it is never bitten.
The mirage Kool-Aid Point, as Sierra points out, seems to apply mostly to women. We may think we're past the crude mob abuse of the Puritan witch panic, but there is a vocal and popular contingent of men who are instantly suspicious of a woman with anything approaching power. Unless she makes a huge show of using that power only for their benefit – and sometimes even if she does – there will be people who are essentially convinced that her power must come from some form of modern witchcraft, and that whatever she's offering, however much people seem to value it, must be eyed of newt in disguise.
There's no question that some respected women do start poisoning their offerings. Former feminist hero Naomi Wolf has recently (well, not all that recently) started espousing troubling ideas. When Julian Assange was accused of rape, she tied herself in knots to dismiss any idea that he might be culpable. Her book Vagina was, to put it mildly, distressing in the way it reduced female experience and worth to the genitals. And just over the weekend, she claimed that the Islamic State beheading videos were fakes staged by the US government, which she claimed is also deliberately trying to bring Ebola into the country.
But I don't know any feminists defending Naomi Wolf. I'm sure they're out there, but I don't hear from them. The feminists I know are saying “what happened to Naomi Wolf?” and “how long has this been going on?” and “is she OK?” and “she's probably not OK”, but we're not saying “she must be right, because we liked her long ago”. Nor have I seen any men attack her, even though she is now serving lies – as concerned as they seem to be any time a woman (like Sierra or Stella Creasy or Anita Sarkeesian ) has a platform, as much as they seem to worry that her output isn't worth the attention it gets, they're much more threatened by a woman telling the truth than one who's gone off the rails. They're not scared of a woman who's dishing out poisoned Kool-Aid. They're scared of one who's dishing out food.
Assange, though – oh, how his fans desired his Kool-Aid, devoured it. They liked his work, so they unquestioningly supported his, shall we say, unorthodox ideas on sexual consent. They liked Weev's work, so they looked the other way about his racism until forced to confront it, and sometimes even then. They like Richard Dawkins' work and the glorious smugness it allows, so they stand by him with increasing stubbornness and hostility as he veers into racism, sexism and rape apology
The Actual Poison Kool-Aid point is real, and it is dangerous. But the men are too busy worrying about what's in women's glasses to check what's in their own.
Sierra – and Zoe Quinn and Anita Sarkeesian and Rebecca Watson and Jen McCreight and and and and – was targeted because she was a woman and people were listening to her. None of these women were serving up poison. Quinn and Sarkeesian wanted better gender representation in videogames. Watson wanted more woman-friendly atheist conventions, and specifically for men not to proposition her when she physically couldn't get away. McCreight wanted an atheist movement that also supported justice. These are reasonable, generous, valuable requests, and people listened because they agreed. But some men think anything a woman offers must be witch's brew.
Those same men, though, will drink anything they're handed by their heroes. And that's what should really scare them.
`Univision/Fusion anchor Jorge Ramos continues to do his best to justify the underlying bases behind the MRC's "Ramos Must Go" campaign. This week's multinational syndicated opinion column features a call for debate moderators to join him in abandoning objectivity and inserting themselves into the debates.
Here is is his call for bias, which closed out the column as it appeared in Mexico city's Reforma:
Finally, I have great admiration for all the journalists that will participate as moderators in the three presidential debates as well as the vicepresidential debate. I know that they are under enormous pressure. But I hope that they understand that, this time, their role is very different to (what it was in) the other presidential debates. The moderator that only raised issues and then took a step back so that the candidates could say whatever is a very old way of doing journalism. This time, the moderators must must own their role, above all else, as journalists, not as traffic cops; (they must be) active and participating, not passive and patient; asking the questions that we viewers would like to ask. I ask the moderators, please, to take a side. No, not for any candidate but rather that they take a side for the audience and for the voters. That is journalism as public service. They are obligated to ask tough and uncomfortable questions, to correct the candidates if they lie, to press them if they do not want to answer, and to prevent them from spewing non-specific spin. In the end, if both campaigns complain about the moderator it will be the best indicator that they did their jobs. Any of the two candidates could win the White House. There is much at stake. The debates are the final trial by fire. The entire world, no exaggeration, will be debating the debates.
The entire column is not yet available in English, but will be once it has been translated and rendered for Fusion's readers- and we'll be watching, as always, for any omissions or contextual changes. Nonetheless, these few paragraphs sure jump out.
Without mentioning her by name, Ramos is clearly evoking Candy Crowley's infamous 2012 presidential debate performance. The most widely-commented portion of the debate (read the MRC's full analysis here) was, of course, the exchange on Benghazi in which Crowley came to Obama's rescue. She stepped in, as Ramos now suggests, and corrected candidate Romney for something that did not need correction, and changed the trajectory of the debates. Because of Ramos' behavior throughout this campaign cycle, his line that moderators take a side "not for one of the candidates, but for the viewers" is beyond farcical, requiring a willful suspension of disbelief far beyond this author's abilities.
In fact, such side-taking will most assuredly go one way- Hillary Clinton's way. I know so, because of this breezy summary of voter doubts over the Democrat nominee:
Hillary Clinton, for her part, has had a cough and a credibility problem. Polls show that many people do not believe her. Why? Because they suspect that erasing thousands of e-mails on a private server is (done) in order to hide something. And, because decisions made simultaneously at the State Department and at the Clinton Foundation could have generated conflicts of interest. The cough, caused by pneumonia, could have happened to any of us. But why the delays in disclosing the disgnosis to the press? Will this be the same M.O. at the White House?
Mark these paragraphs down, because they are the first time that Ramos has ever raised these questions about Hillary Clinton in an opinion column. And then, only as a couple of throwaway lines in the middle of asking debate moderators to reenact his Iowa press conference confrontation with Donald Trump. Note the passive voice when talking about Clinton's credibility gap- "polls show" and "decisions made". This is not exactly a profile of courage in taking "a stand against corruption and public lies".
But none of this should surprise anyone. As Newsbusters Executive Editor Tim Graham recently noted, the establishment media has been crying out for enhanced fact-checking during debates and candidate forums. Jorge Ramos is merely adding to the building of that permission structure, just as he built the permission structure for journalists to abandon objectivity altogether in 2016.
Edward Griffiths will go east as Saracens develop grand plan to rule the world
Win or lose against Clermont Auvergne at Twickenham on Saturday, Saracens will keep pursuing their global ambitions. Reaching the Heineken Cup final is just part of the masterplan.
Two days after the semi-final clash with heavyweight French opposition, the focus will shift to eastern Europe. Edward Griffiths, Saracens' chief executive, will fly to Romania to tie up a partnership deal with the country's champion club, Timisoara.
They will join a growing worldwide network with outposts in Abu Dhabi, Kuala Lumpur, Moscow, Nairobi, São Paulo and Tonga. All the clubs wear the Saracens colours and the ultimate aim is to create recognition at all points of the rugby atlas.
Twickenham: The Saracens team joke around during a group huddle at the Captain's Run on Thursday
Up for the fight: Former England prop Matt Stevens (left) with coach Joe Shaw
‘We aspire to become the most recognised club brand in world rugby,' said Griffiths. ‘We want the club to be the best club in Russia, Brazil, Malaysia, Abu Dhabi and everywhere else we are, around the world. We want Saracens to be a brand that is synonymous with the core values of the game and with the highest standards of play.'
That is a grand vision for an institution which endured a nomadic existence until last January, when they moved into Allianz Park. The wandering tribe played for many years at Bramley Road near Barnet, where the amateur arm of the club still operates, and spent a brief spell at Enfield FC's Southbury Road ground before moving to Watford for a long-term tenancy at Vicarage Road.
Perhaps, given the restless past since Saracens came into existence in 1876, it is understandable why mere consolidation is not an option. ‘As a club, we believe that if we stand still, we're going backwards,' said Griffiths.
Since Nigel Wray began ploughing his money into the club at the advent of professionalism to lure the superstar likes of Michael Lynagh, Philippe Sella and Francois Pienaar to join the crusade there has been ambition, but not always stability and a long-term strategy.
Playmaker: Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell in training ahead of Saturday's Heineken Cup semi-final
That arrived when South African coach Brendan Venter took charge in 2009 and Mark McCall has maintained the progress since picking up the baton in 2011, with the league title that year being the high point to date.
Earlier this week, McCall reiterated Saracens' desire to force their way to the ‘top table' of European rugby, having reached the last-four stage a year ago, only to lose to eventual champions Toulon.
‘It is obviously important because we want to keep moving forward,' said Griffiths. ‘In the Heineken Cup, we have been quarter-finalists and semi-finalists, so now we want to be finalists. But as a club we are a stronger proposition than we were last year and last year we were stronger than the year before that. If Clermont plays an unbelievable game and win, that doesn't necessarily mean we're not moving forward.'
From their humble starting point when the game went professional in 1995, Saracens have earned recognition for feats on the field and innovation off it. But Leicester remains the English club with the strongest infrastructure of support, ground capacity and deep-rooted community links.
Mean machine: Flanker Jacques Burger laughs in training on Thursday
Usurping the Tigers and other traditional powerhouse clubs such as Northampton and Gloucester on the domestic scene is not a major incentive.
Griffiths added: ‘Our aim is not particularly to be the dominant club in England; we would be very happy to be one of the leading clubs in what is recognised to be the best league in the world.'
There continue to be grumbles of discontent among Saracens' rivals about lavish expenditure in pursuit of their ambitions, especially as they continue to post heavy losses. Earlier this month, Northampton chief executive Allan Robson warned of ‘a dangerous situation whereby clubs can live beyond their means'.
Griffiths is unfazed. ‘We are in the middle of an investment phase to get the club into a position where it is commercially viable,' he said. ‘In terms of criticism, it is a simple fact of life that the more successful you are, the more criticism you will get.
‘If we wanted to stop all criticism of Saracens immediately, it would be unbelievably easy; we would just have to lose six games in a row and suddenly everybody would love us!'
During an impassioned appearance on Fox News to denounce President Obama's new Cuba policy, Marco Rubio stated, in response to a question that cited Rand Paul's pro-Obama view on the subject, that Paul “has no idea what he's talking about when it comes to Cuba.” [Rand Paul Proves Marco Rubio's Point, December 20, 2014]
PowerLineBlog's Paul Mirengoff reported yesterday thatTelling people that they have no idea what they're talking about generally won't win you friends, and it may actually be self-defeating in arguments wherein one's ignorant opponent might be persuadable. But at least it's a formulation that's permissible in public, given Rubio's precedent on national TV.
Senator Rubio, himself, has no idea what he's talking about when it comes to immigration. So I used his precedent in a message sent to him via his senatorial website's contact form:
On Fox News, you called out Senator Paul, saying that he “has no idea what he's talking about when it comes to Cuba.” That's plausible, since you naturally know a lot about Cuba, and there's no reason to expect that he knows much at all about conditions and dynamics there. And you stated your objection bluntly. So it must be OK to apply your blunt approach in another arena: You joined the Gang of Eight to shove that immigration bill S.744 down our throats — blowing up your campaign promises against amnesty in the process — ALTHOUGH YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT WHEN IT COMES TO IMMIGRATION! You even made those radio commercials saying that we were ALREADY afflicted with amnesty. Well, just wait until Obama's diktat fully kicks in — you ain't seen nothing yet.
Of course, most of what Mark Steyn calls " this country's depraved political class " have no idea what they're talking about when it comes to immigration. (The political class isn't limited to politicians; see Angelo Codevilla's masterpiece in the American Spectator, July, 2010: America's America's Ruling Class — And the Perils of Revolution . [Caution: ~12,400 words.])
So, VDARE.com readers, recognizing that our "leaders" are mostly naked emperors when it comes to immigration, should be emboldened to confront them, sometimes quite bluntly, when the subject arises and conditions are favorable.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Ted Cruz is so hated by some his fellow Republicans that Sen. Ricard Burr (R-NC) told supporters at a fundraiser for his reelection that he will support Bernie Sanders if Cruz wins the Republican nomination.
The AP reported, “Cruz has become such a pariah that one of his colleagues, Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina, told supporters at a campaign fundraiser for his own re-election that he would vote for liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders for president before Cruz, according to one person who attended the event. Burr did not appear to be joking, said the person, who demanded anonymity to discuss the private gathering.”
You can file Burr's remarks under the category of Republicans really can't stand Ted Cruz. Sanders is liked by his Senate colleagues, but he has little in common with a conservative like Richard Burr. It speaks volumes about just how strong the anybody but Cruz feeling is among the people who know the junior senator from Texas the best.
Republicans might not agree with Sanders on hardly anything, but they have at times over the years praised him for his principled honesty and integrity. Those are qualities that have never been associated with Ted Cruz. The anti-Cruz feelings are so extreme among Republicans that many in the party are more willing to lose with Trump than they are willing to take their chances on having Cruz at the top of the ticket.
If Cruz did win the Republican nomination, and Sanders was the Democratic nominee, it could set up a nearly unheard of scenario where some Republicans would cross over and support Sanders. It isn't very likely, but as Burr's comments indicated, there are some Republicans who would rather support a Democrat, who they may disagree with, but has integrity, than support Ted Cruz.'
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Samsung has a job to do here. While by no means a sales flop, there's a feeling that the company lost its way somewhat with the Galaxy S5. That it just wasn't a flagship worthy of the company bearing the standard for Android in the war against Apple.
The S6, then, is an opportunity to bounce back - and Samsung hasn't squandered it.
Just about every criticism levelled at the S5 has been fixed, and while it might not cause your friends to go quite as enviously green as the Galaxy S6 Edge, the vanilla S6 has 99.9% of the substance, just skimming off that top layer of flashy panache.
The people who said Samsung had lost its mojo were wrong.
Read more: Interested in Samsung's next superphone? Catch up with all the latest news and rumours in our Galaxy S7 preview
We have a faithful reader who spent a long career at the Criminal Investigation (CI) Division of the IRS. Our reader prefers to remain nameless but he knows whereof he speaks and he has been supplying us with a steady stream of commentary on the IRS scandal, expanding like the universe. He writes to comment on today's update to the scandal:
An administrative note about today's news and the 88 IRS employees involved in the targeting. It's already been reported that employees who signed off on letters or made inquiries reported to four or five different managers. The Service does things by “group,” with employees – Revenue Agents, Revenue Officers, and Special Agents assigned to groups under a Group Manager. That's now a Supervisory Special Agent in CI, but everybody still uses the Group Manager title in conversation. Groups are usually 10 – 15, with 11 or 12 agents being pretty common. So, having five different managers would imply that at least 50 and as many as 75 agents were involved at some point. Over time, with people coming and going, 88's not unreasonable.
What this means, though, is that policy was spread over five groups. This isn't just something that happened to one or two people in one group, or even a “rogue” GM. Somebody set a policy for an entire office, and made sure at least five Groups got the word. That could only have happened in writing, and must have come from at least two levels above the GM. The level above is a Branch Chief, and Branch Chiefs don't make policy either. Neither does the level above that. Again, I don't know exactly how Exempt Organizations is structured, but in CI, a Branch Manager (the Assistant Special Agent in Charge) wouldn't have more than four groups. Policy comes from DC.
Plus, IRS tries very hard to make policy uniform, so people in New York can't point to Minnesota and say, “you're treating those gophers differently.” That's practically the whole justification for the otherwise completely useless Department of Justice Tax Division. Somebody in DC made this particular policy, passed it down, made sure that every EO Group in Cincinnati was treating every Tea Party/Patriot/etc. applicant the same way, and every employee got the word.
Second, as a necessary consequence of this commitment, Europe should organize itself and impose clear rules and regulations. State control of the stream of refugees should be enforced through a vast administrative network encompassing all of the European Union (to prevent local barbarisms like those of the authorities in Hungary or Slovakia). Refugees should be reassured of their safety, but it should also be made clear to them that they have to accept the area of living allocated to them by European authorities, plus they have to respect the laws and social norms of European states: No tolerance of religious, sexist or ethnic violence on any side, no right to impose onto others one's own way of life or religion, respect of every individual's freedom to abandon his/her communal customs, etc. If a woman chooses to cover her face, her choice should be respected, but if she chooses not to cover it, her freedom to do so has to be guaranteed. Yes, such a set of rules privileges the Western European way of life, but it is a price for European hospitality. These rules should be clearly stated and enforced, by repressive measures (against foreign fundamentalists as well as against our own anti-immigrant racists) if necessary.
A €20 million estate of more than 60 council houses and apartments is to be built by Dublin City Council in Ballyfermot, more than eight years since a regeneration project for the site was shelved.
Cornamona Court in Ballyfermot will be the largest housing estate built by the council since the property crash, and one of the few to be directly built by the local authority in several years.
Ten years ago the council demolished an old complex of senior citizens' bedsits on the Cornamona site beside Kylemore College in the centre of Ballyfermot, with a plan to build 90 new senior citizens' homes on the land.
However, following the economic downturn the project was shelved in early 2009, and the land left vacant.
The council has now secured Government funding of just over €20 million to build 61 homes on the site, for both senior citizens and general applicants on the council's housing waiting list.
The estate, designed for the council by Paul Keogh Architects, will have 16 two-bedroom houses and 12 three-bedroom room duplexes for families on the housing waiting list, as well as 29 one-bedroom and four two-bedroom senior citizens apartments. All the homes will have dual aspect windows and a residents' common room is also included in the scheme.
‘Direct build'
Assistant city manager and head of housing Brendan Kenny said the scheme represented a move towards more “direct build” housing projects being undertaken by the council.
“A lot of the social housing that has been provided over the last 10 years has been built by approved housing bodies. This is a direct build council housing project and that's something we'll see more of in the coming months.”
The scheme will be processed through the council's internal planning system. Under this system the architect's designs are available to view, and public submissions can be made until September 20th, after which the city councillors determine whether the project goes ahead.
“This should come before the city council in the first Monday of November for agreement to go to tender, and the whole project should then take 18 months to build,” Mr Kenny said.
The change from solely senior citizens' housing, reflects the pressure for general housing in the city, Mr Kenny said.
“The last project was designed in a very different era. We now have such a big need for family housing that it's appropriate to change what we do on this site. There are also benefits to having a mix of tenants in the development.
The council built just 40 homes last year. Mr Kenny conceded the pace of development has been slow, but he said it would accelerate over the next year.
“There will be far more projects coming forward. The problem is, once you turn the housing machine off, it's very difficult to turn it back on.”
The professional who is specialized in the collection of all drugs, choosing the very best of each simple or compound, and in the preparation of good remedies from them following the most accurate methods and techniques as recommended by experts in the healing arts.
Al-Biruni's definition of the pharmacist could have been written today. Along the road from sympathetic magic and shamanism to scientific method, much trailblazing was carried out over a few centuries by scholars, alchemists, physicians and polymaths of the Muslim Middle East, and their rules, procedures and expectations are, to a great extent, practiced almost universally today.
Pictures From History / Bridgeman Images Flanked by ﬁgures indicating his tutelage from master physicians (the ﬁgure on the right may represent ﬁrst-century Greek physician Dioscorides), a saydalani—as an early pharmacist was called in Arabic—is shown at work in his dispensary, in which hang a variety of vessels for alchemical production. The illustration comes from 12th-century Iraq.
“In the West and the Middle East, early medicine as a whole was primarily a fusion of Greek, Indian, Persian and later Roman practices that had progressed over the better part of a millennium. Texts on medications were common, but most of these materia medica were simply lists of plants and minerals and their various effects. By the start of the seventh century ce Europe and much of the Near East had weakened culturally, and those achievements of Hellenistic arts, sciences and humanities that had not been erased were on an intellectual endangered-species list.
“By mid-century, the rise of Islam brought with it a new thirst for knowledge. This openness to discovery began the saving and, eventually, the expansion of much of what the classical world had lost. Nowhere was this truer than in the ﬁeld of health, where medical practitioners took guidance from several hadiths (hah-DEETH), or sayings of the Prophet Muhammad, such as this related by Bukhari: “God never inﬂicts a disease unless He makes a cure for it.” Similarly, Abu Darda narrated that the Prophet said, “God has sent down the disease and the cure, and He has appointed a cure for every disease, so treat yourselves medically.” Such words placed the responsibility for discovering cures squarely on the medical practitioner.
Within a century of the death of the Prophet in 632 ce, one of the earliest systematic approaches to drugs was under way in Damascus at the court of the ruling Umayyads. Snake and dog bites, as well as the ill effects of scorpions, spiders and other animals, were all causes of concern, and the poisonous properties of minerals and plants such as aconite, mandrake and black hellebore were exploited. As with most areas of medicine at the time, Greek physicians Galen and Dioscorides were considered the ancient authorities, and building off their works, Muslim writers discussed with particular interest poisons and theriacs (antidotes).
Sudden death was not uncommon in royal courts, and it was frequently attributed, often erroneously, to poison. Not surprisingly, fear of poison convinced Umayyad leaders of the need to study them, detect them and cure them. As a result, much of early Islamic pharmacy was done by alchemists working in toxicology.
The ﬁrst of these was Ibn Uthal, a Christian who served as physician to the ﬁrst Umayyad caliph, Mu'awiyah. Ibn Uthal was a noted alchemist who had conducted a systematic study of poisons and antidotes. He was also reported to be Mu'awiyah's silent executioner, and in 667 he was himself poisoned in an act of vengeance by the relatives of one of his alleged victims. Another Christian physician-pharmacist, Abu al-Hakam al-Dimashqi, served the second Umayyad caliph, Yazid.
Pictures From History / Bridgeman Images This depiction of an early European apothecary appeared in Tacuinum Sanitatis, a 14th-century Latin translation of Ibn Butlan's 11th-century Taqwim al-Sihah (Maintenance of Health). Pictures From History / Bridgeman Images This page from Kitab al-Diryaq (The Book of Antidotes), a 13th-century guide to medicinal plants, also from Iraq, highlights the role of botany in early Islamic pharmacy.
Yazid's son, Khalid ibn Yazid, took particular interest in alchemy, and he employed Greek philosophers who were living in Egypt. He rewarded them well, and they translated Greek and Egyptian books on chemistry, medicine and astronomy into Arabic. A contemporary of Khalid's was Jabir ibn Hayyan, called Geber in the West, who promoted alchemy as a profession, laying early foundations for chemical and biochemical research.
These early Islamic alchemists proved to be meticulous and persistent in their experimentation, and they made careful written observations of results. They designed their experiments to gather information and answer speciﬁc questions, and through them “scientiﬁc alchemy” arose. Avoiding
unproven belief (superstition) in favor of the compilation and application of procedures, measurements and demonstrated trials that could be tested and reproduced, their work represented the true advent of the scientiﬁc method.
The role of scientiﬁc alchemy cannot be overemphasized. By the ninth century, the trend, approach and type of information that circulated in Arabic alchemical manuals represented some of the best work in this ﬁeld. The careful methodology the alchemists developed served all ﬁelds, including pharmacy.
In the process of experimenting in making amalgamations and elixirs, important mineral and chemical substances were used, such as sal ammoniac, vitriols, sulphur, arsenic, common salt, quicklime, malachite, manganese, marcasite, natron, impure sodium borate and vinegar.
Among simples of botanical origin, they used fennel, saffron, pomegranate rinds, celery, leek, sesame, rocket, olives, mustard and lichen. Signiﬁcant gums such as frankincense and acacia were used, as well as animal products including hair, blood, egg white, milk (both fresh and sour), honey and dung.
Biblioteque De L'Arsenal / Archives Chamet / Bridgeman Images A French manuscript from the 14th century depicts alchemists at work. Some 500 years later, French chemist Henri Moissan was shown at work in his lab at Paris's l'Ecole de pharmacie, below.
Laboratory equipment consisted of pots, pans, tubes, retorts, alembics, crucibles and various distilling apparatus; covering platters, ceramic jars, tumblers, mortars and pestles (often made of glass or metals); as well as tripods, scales and medicinal bottles. The range and scope of alchemical operations included processes often used today: distillation, sublimation, evaporation, pulverization, washing, straining, cooking, calcination and condensation (the thickening of liquid compounds).
While translation of Greek, Persian and Indian scientiﬁc books into Arabic had begun under the Umayyad caliphate, it blossomed in the ninth century under the Baghdad-based Abbasids. Hunayn ibn Ishaq, with his superlative knowledge of Syriac, Greek and Arabic, was probably the greatest of the translators, and his works included most of the corpus of Hippocrates and Galen. Intellectual ferment, reinforced by support from the highest levels of government, paved the way for some 400 years of achievements. Methods of extracting and preparing medicines were brought to a high art, and these techniques became the essential processes of pharmacy and chemistry.
The unmanned Cassini-Huygens spacecraft has been in the headlines recently as she sends back “swan song” images of Saturn's rings after a mission lasting over 19 years. Strictly speaking, only the Cassini orbiter portion continues to travel, as the Huygens lander successfully landed on Saturn's moon Titan back in 2005. Chilean builder Luis Peña has built a LEGO version of the Cassini-Huygens spacecraft, seen here superimposed over an actual Cassini image. This is a pre-2005 version of the craft with the orange Huygens lander clearly visible, and I love the technique used to build the low gain antenna at the font.
A look at the other side of Luis' LEGO version shows considerable attention to detail – this is very much a 3d model of Cassini-Huygens. The two 445 Newton engines are depicted using ice cream cone parts, while a pair of Technic gears depict the three radioisotope thermoelectric generators.
Due to a dwindling fuel supply, the spacecraft has entered the Grand Finale phase of its mission before a kamikaze pass through he gaps between Saturn and its inner ring, before its intentional self destruction within Saturn's atmosphere on September 15, 2017.
Well we are still quite far from even the 10K, so why the concern?Beyond 10K BTC will allow for a larger staff, a lot more marketing but most importantly fully funded LP (Liquidity Provider) nodes to provide central exchange level spreads for the native DEX. This is strictly not needed for Komodo, but the DEX will be enabled for all the dPoW assetchain coins so it does relate.If the investors want to fully fund a native DEX ecosystem, they are able to. The Komodo run LP nodes would then be able to earn some margin on the volumes so it would end up generating revenues. Ideally, Komodo funds will be able to earn income and we can pay all the costs from such income. In that case, instead of 10 years of funding, it is fully funded indefinitely.I prefer to let the market decide if what is wanted is the minimal Komodo, or the medium Komodo or the monster Komodo.
Using that logic, everybody that has a job is raising money every month. I put the NXT assets (other than SuperNET) in the category similar to working at a job. The amount of money raised was comparable to working at a job, so it should be compared to having a job instead of an ICO. So yes, I have worked in crypto for a while and was paid for it. I have never denied this.But if you want to count my raising thousands of dollars in the same category as multi-million dollar ICO, I guess you can do that if you just ignore the 100x difference and count pennies as dollars.
I have not denied that I raised funds from NXT assets, however other than SuperNET they were not done as an ICO and the scale is orders of magnitude smaller. If you raise funds from private investors, that is funds but it is not an ICO. Maybe that is your confusion? You seem to be considering any funds raised via any means as an ICO. So if I get a bounty for doing some work, is that an ICO? If I get paid for doing coding, is that an ICO? If I invest in an ICO and make money did I do an ICO?
You sold shares(assets) in something. Thats a bit different than a Job. For sure the amounts where not that high as the Supernet ICO for example but is that making any differenced to the people which bought into that? No it doesnt.NxtVenture for example.. everyone can form his own opinion.Edit:Ah yeah... good to know what you think about critizism.
Using that logic, everybody that has a job is raising money every month. I put the NXT assets (other than SuperNET) in the category similar to working at a job. The amount of money raised was comparable to working at a job, so it should be compared to having a job instead of an ICO. So yes, I have worked in crypto for a while and was paid for it. I have never denied this. But if you want to count my raising thousands of dollars in the same category as multi-million dollar ICO, I guess you can do that if you just ignore the 100x difference and count pennies as dollars.
Funds have already been raised under the existing terms. Changing anything significant like the cap is not anything I would be comfortable with as while it might make you happy, it will surely create many complaints. In any case the max is just a max and we are not likely to achieve it, so there is likely little difference.you can always wait until the end and if it is still below 10K, then put in more.
Using that logic, everybody that has a job is raising money every month. I put the NXT assets (other than SuperNET) in the category similar to working at a job. The amount of money raised was comparable to working at a job, so it should be compared to having a job instead of an ICO. So yes, I have worked in crypto for a while and was paid for it. I have never denied this.But if you want to count my raising thousands of dollars in the same category as multi-million dollar ICO, I guess you can do that if you just ignore the 100x difference and count pennies as dollars.
I have not denied that I raised funds from NXT assets, however other than SuperNET they were not done as an ICO and the scale is orders of magnitude smaller. If you raise funds from private investors, that is funds but it is not an ICO. Maybe that is your confusion? You seem to be considering any funds raised via any means as an ICO. So if I get a bounty for doing some work, is that an ICO? If I get paid for doing coding, is that an ICO? If I invest in an ICO and make money did I do an ICO?
Remind me when the NXTventure ICO was held? You cant because it wasnt. A trading market in NXTventure was created and people traded it in the aftermarket. So people bought and sold it from asset exchange market. The vast majority of the trading volume was done by other people. I did do some occasional trades, but only as a normal investor.this is quite different from an ICO, are you aware of the difference?It was created as a vehicle to distribute other assets and when NXT AE was viable, it was doing fine. It is not my fault NXT dropped 80% in value and also decided to abandon assets in the switch to ARDR.
Using that logic, everybody that has a job is raising money every month. I put the NXT assets (other than SuperNET) in the category similar to working at a job. The amount of money raised was comparable to working at a job, so it should be compared to having a job instead of an ICO. So yes, I have worked in crypto for a while and was paid for it. I have never denied this. But if you want to count my raising thousands of dollars in the same category as multi-million dollar ICO, I guess you can do that if you just ignore the 100x difference and count pennies as dollars.
Funds have already been raised under the existing terms. Changing anything significant like the cap is not anything I would be comfortable with as while it might make you happy, it will surely create many complaints. In any case the max is just a max and we are not likely to achieve it, so there is likely little difference.you can always wait until the end and if it is still below 10K, then put in more.
Using that logic, everybody that has a job is raising money every month. I put the NXT assets (other than SuperNET) in the category similar to working at a job. The amount of money raised was comparable to working at a job, so it should be compared to having a job instead of an ICO. So yes, I have worked in crypto for a while and was paid for it. I have never denied this.But if you want to count my raising thousands of dollars in the same category as multi-million dollar ICO, I guess you can do that if you just ignore the 100x difference and count pennies as dollars.
I have not denied that I raised funds from NXT assets, however other than SuperNET they were not done as an ICO and the scale is orders of magnitude smaller. If you raise funds from private investors, that is funds but it is not an ICO. Maybe that is your confusion? You seem to be considering any funds raised via any means as an ICO. So if I get a bounty for doing some work, is that an ICO? If I get paid for doing coding, is that an ICO? If I invest in an ICO and make money did I do an ICO?
The world was battered by crises that fueled xenophobic sentiment in democratic countries, undermined the economies of states dependent on the sale of natural resources, and led authoritarian regimes to crack down harder on dissent. These developments contributed to the 10th consecutive year of decline in global freedom.
The number of countries showing a decline in freedom for the year—72—was the largest since the 10-year slide began. Just 43 countries made gains.
Over the past 10 years, 105 countries have seen a net decline, and only 61 have experienced a net improvement.
Ratings for the Middle East and North Africa region were the worst in the world in 2015, followed closely by Eurasia.
Over the last decade, the most significant global reversals have been in freedom of expression and the rule of law.
This email list is a project of the U.S. Federation of Worker Cooperatives (www.usworker.coop) whose mission is to create stable and empowering jobs and worker-ownership through the development of a thriving cooperative movement. The USFWC advances worker-owned, -managed, and -governed workplaces through cooperative education, advocacy and development.
This list is a tool for practical inquiries and discussion about businesses that are democratically owned and operated by their workers. It's not for political polemics or theoretical discussions.
Group participation is reserved for:
a) members of worker cooperatives, including USFWC members
b) individuals actively planning a worker cooperative start-up, and
c) providers of technical assistance to worker cooperatives.
Other subscribers (for example students or professors who study cooperatives) may join the group as muted observers in order to keep the conversation on practical matters.
Subscribers are expected to abide by two basic community agreements:
1. Only post questions or statements related to the practical operations of worker cooperatives, or networking between cooperatives.
2. No flaming, personal attacks, or mean-spirited commentary.
People who repeatedly or egregiously violate these agreements will be unsubscribed.
In order to join the list please answer the following questions:
- What is your email address AND your name?
- Which of the subscriber categories listed above do you fit into?
- What is the name of your workplace?
- What's the basic structure of the workplace? (who owns, governs, and manages it?)
The moderators of the list are USFWC staff. You can contact them at workercoop-owner@yahoogroups.com.
The listserve is for the benefit of its subscribers and to be used as you see fit! That said, we recommend everyone take a moment to read between the lines of this post: http://www.gksoft.com/a/fun/maillist-lightbulb.html
Luis Suarez believes the contrasting qualities of himself, Lionel Messi and Neymar is the secret of their success as Barcelona's front three.
The trio fired Luis Enrique's team to a Liga, Copa del Rey and Champions League treble in 2014-15 - a feat they are on course to replicate this time around as Suarez enjoys a remarkably prolific season.
The 29-year-old has 41 goals in 39 appearances across all competitions for Barcelona this term and he retains deep admiration for Messi and Neymar.
"I'd love to have Messi's left foot, which is one-of-a-kind in the world, remarkable, and the pace and happiness of Neymar," he told EFE after collecting the Spanish news agency's award for last season's best Latin American player.
"We prioritise the group objective. None of us compete with the others, but each enjoy the moment. I feel content, happy, and I'm helping the team, which is key.
"All the players have a great relationship and it shows, we're always laughing amongst ourselves and hugging, not just the three of us.
"It's not about affection, it's about support. Nothing's planned, it all comes from the inside, and what we do is enjoy it, and if we are happy, we will enjoy it."
Barcelona are eight points clear of Atletico Madrid at the top of La Liga after Sunday's 2-1 win over Sevilla, who they face in May's Copa del Rey final.
They are in the driving seat in the Champions League last-16 tie against Arsenal, having won 2-0 at Emirates Stadium last week, and Suarez urged his contented team-mates to retain their focus as they look to make history.
"Now we have a nice advantage in the league, we're in the cup final, we know that winning the Champions League is more than difficult," he added.
"We will try to do the same again, to keep going, to make our mark on the club."
More LG G4 Press Renders Leaked
Some more leaks have emerged of what appear to be early press renders of LG's 2015 flagship, the LG G4. Courtesy of @OnLeaks and nowhereelse.fr, the new images show the front, back and sides of the device.
The front of the device is adorned by the front facing camera, the earpiece and sensors. The LG branding and logo also appear on the bottom, making the device look similar to the LG G3.
The sides of the device show a straight front but a curved rear, along with slight protrusion for the camera. The cavity present at the side could also be indicative of a removable back panel.
The back of the device also features the same aesthetic design of the LG G3. With a more protruding camera sensor, the device sports the same dual LED flash setup along with laser autofocus. The volume and power buttons also find place beneath the camera, as has been the case with recent LG devices. Also to note are the holes for the speaker towards the bottom, and the microphone jack at the bottom of the device.
@OnLeaks also claims that the LG G4 would measure approximately 148.9mm height x 76.5mm width x 9.9mm thickness against the LG G3's 146.3mm height x 74.6mm width x 8.9mm thickness.
Nowhereelse.fr points to a June 2015 release date, and pricing of € 599 for the 16GB model, with a price tag of € 649 for the 32GB model.
What do you think about LG's 2015 flagship so far? Will it be able to compete with the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S6 and the HTC One M9? Let us know in the comments below!
An Iranian Navy commander called US actions in the Persian Gulf “unprofessional,” adding that there could be “irreversible consequences.” He said the US vessel changed course towards Iranian warships in the Strait of Hormuz on March 4.
According to the Iranian commander, the USNS Invincible, a tracking ship accompanied by a group of British ships, was crossing the Hormuz Strait area, when it “changed direction from the international route toward the boats of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) navy.”
Read more
“In an unprofessional move and in a maneuver accompanied by warnings, it approached our vessels at a distance of 550 meters,” Lieutenant Commander Mahdi Hashemi, in command of Zolfaqar battle flotilla, said, as cited by Tasnim news agency.
“Such provocations can have irreversible consequences,” Hashemi said, according to the Tehran Times.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani also issued a warning on Wednesday, without mentioning any specific incident, though.
“If Iran's ignorant enemies think about invading Iran they should know that our armed forces are much stronger than 1980 when Iraq attacked,” he said in a speech broadcast live on state TV, as cited by Reuters.
On Monday, a US official told Reuters that it was the Iranian Revolutionary Guard which came too close to the tracking vessel USNS Invincible.
Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said that dangerous interactions caused concern, as they could trigger a “miscalculation or an accidental provocation.”
“We actually had seen quite an improvement in Iran's behavior until recently,” he said.
In January, a US destroyer fired three warning shots at four Iranian fast-attack vessels near the Strait following their refusal to slow down.
Two months earlier, the Pentagon claimed that a small Iranian ship pointed a gun at a US Navy helicopter in the Strait of Hormuz, in international waters.
This post contains spoilers for the film Straight Outta Compton.
Straight Outta Compton crushed the box office this weekend, providing commentary on street life and shining a bright light on police brutality in the 80s and 90s. The film is groundbreaking in terms of subject – a biopic of Black men whose names are not Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King. Much like the lyrics of NWA's anthem “Fuck Tha Police,” Straight Outta Compton gives the police industrial complex the middle finger with many scenes involving police confrontation and shakedowns that extend beyond “driving while Black,” and explore “living while Black.” Those scenes are especially poignant in the era of the Black Lives Matter movement and the renewed focus on police brutality and violence towards Black people.
This exploration happens alongside the disbelief of the primary white character, Jerry Heller, of what he witnesses as the everyday experiences of these men. No scene makes this more clear than when the members of NWA step outside of the recording studio only to be confronted by multiple police officers who happen to be in the area. The officers rough them up, demand that they lie face down on the ground, and refuse to believe that they have a purpose for being near the studio other than to cause trouble and “look like gangsters.” The first officer to arrive, and the most active in the shakedown, is Black. Jerry Heller takes in the scene and vocalizes his incredulous bewilderment at what he perceives to be the violation of constitutional rights. It's a complicated and nuanced scene that exposes the many layers of lived experiences throughout different segments of society. We see Heller confronted with his own privilege and disbelief at actions by the police, and we also see the complex nature of living in a racist society that bathes everyone in White Supremacy, including Black police officers.
Straight Outta Compton is bold, invigorating, and reminded me of all the things I do love about rap music. It also reinforces, affirms, and glorifies the systems in place that dehumanize, commodify, and erase Black women.
The portrayal and treatment of women in the film is despicable, completely glorifying the misogyny laced in some of NWAs lyrics without restraint or critique. Alongside the brutal critique of policing in the United States exists a dangerous ambivalence and disregard for Black women. The male characters in the film paraded around throngs of topless women like trophies and reflections of their status of achievement. At points, these women were literally cast aside, and at one point Ice Cube pushed a topless woman – named Felicia – out of the hotel room in retaliation for her boyfriend searching for her and interrupting the party. With a simple “Bye, Felicia”, the audience was instructed to make light of her rejection and subsequently her status as replaceable and easily discarded. To compound the visual treatment of women, only four women had reoccurring speaking roles in the film: Dr. Dre's mother, and three women who played girlfriends of Ice Cube, Easy-E, and Dr. Dre. Other than Dre's mother, they were all light skinned. The only Black woman of a darker complexion who spoke regularly in the film was the stereotype of a tough loving matriarch trying to keep her kids alive. She lacked depth as portrayed in the film.
Straight Outta Compton may focus on the lives of five men, but that does not give the film a pass to literally cast women aside and continuously objectify them, or completely leave out Dr. Dre's own history of violence, in favor of stories that “better serve the narrative.” Nor is this the first time when a strong social critique of society's treatment of Black men that completely tosses aside Black women. There is an uncomfortable thread through social movements and media portrayal that has constructed Blackness as male, consistently placing women on the margins. This is not just a Straight Outta Compton problem. It is a social, political, and pop culture problem.
The fight to see the names of Black women incorporated into the litany of chants and tweets in the #BlackLivesMatter conversations exist in the shadow of the Civil Rights Movement and Black women fighting to be seen alongside the men recognized as leading the movement. Until Sandra Bland, there had not been a comparable national outcry about the death of a Black woman to that of Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Tamir Rice, despite the fact that many Black women have lost their lives.
The political sphere does not exist in a vacuum, instead functioning in tandem with popular culture to influence society. Whether it is movies, music, or comedy, elements of culture heralded as strong representations of Blackness consistently mistreat Black women.
Straight Outta Compton is the kind of movie people will talk about for years, but it is important that we don't just discuss police brutality and social commentary. Just underneath the surface lurks the legacy of neglect and violence inflicted upon Black women that demands to be seen. Black women deserve the justice of recognition and acknowledgement. Straight Outta Compton should have done better, as should we all.
Header Image Credit: Genius
On September 12, 1944, during the 351st Bomb Group's 204th Mission, and my father's 15th, "the briefed primary target was Rhuland, but clouds in this area prevented bombing. The lead and low boxes bombed an unidentified target near Rhuland, and the high box the outskirts of the city of Plauen. Flak was light and inaccurate. The Luftwaffe came up in force northeast of Berlin. About 35 to 50 fighters were seen, mostly Me 109s and FW 190s, and a few rocket firing Do 217s. They attacked in pairs or small groups from the tail. A few also dropped aerial bombs, without noticeable results." 1
"Six planes were shot down in the target area. They were: Lt. [Charles C.] Schoenian in 43-37986, Lt. [Edward J.] Hennegan in 43-38123, Lt. [Claude T.] Adams in 43-38089, Lt. [James R.] Brown in 43-37850, Lt. [Robert C.] Lopert in 42-97318, and Lt. [William F.] Schmollinger in 44-8100. Lt. [Donald E.] Hadley in 44-6139 managed to make it back as far as Belgium where he crash landed. The Group was led by Major [Paul L.] Fishburne [of the 511th], Captain [Eli S.] Fowler [of the 509th], Captain [Carleton] Cleveland [of the 509th], and Lt. [John W.] Heck [of the 509th]." 1
In the Loss Listing section of "A Chronicle of the 351st Bomb Group (H), 1942-1945" is the following mention of my father's crew: "510th [Bomb Squadron], 1st Lt. Edward J. Hennegan (POW), 2nd Lt. George H. Avaritt (POW), 2nd Lt. Walter M. Culbert (POW), 2nd Lt. Eugene C. Saur (POW), Sgt. Karl W. Buschenfeldt (died of wounds in POW camp), S/Sgt. James C. Waters (POW), S/Sgt. John H. Strick (POW), Sgt. Emmett F. Bennett (POW), and S/Sgt. Clair I. Carl (KIA)." 2
Boston Cow Paths
In the 1930s and 1940s, folklore abounded that the windy streets of Boston were originally determined by cows wandering aimlessly about the town. The old postcard below muses, "In Boston town, of old renown, the gentle cows the pathways made, which grew the streets that keep the stranger quite dismayed."
Analyzing this assertion, it is most likely that topography and a lack of urban planning were the main reasons why Boston's streets were laid out so randomly. Boston was a small village, originally modeled after hamlets in Lincolnshire, England. The town was borne on a peninsula located in the combined delta of the Charles, Mystic, and Chelsea Rivers. Boston Proper had several hills, with Beacon, Copp's and Fort Hills being the most prominent.
Looking at the original peninsula, one can infer the streets were laid out for the following reasons:
A Boston Bull
Forests. Boston was a wilderness. The peninsula undoubtedly had deer paths and Native American trails all over it. Deer paths general traverse hills from bedding areas to feeding and watering places (Spring Lane was likely a popular watering hole).
Topography. The town was very hilly, with many run-off brooks that were dry in summer. It is likely that some of the original streets from Tremont Street to the waterfront followed such brooks. Hanover, State, and Summer Streets are likely examples.
Natural Obstacles. Some areas of the ancient town could only be accessed via hasty dirt abutments built across marshes. Streets were laid out to avoid such bogs and obstacles. An example is Post Office Square, which was probably a low-lying area 300 years ago.
Native American, Pirate, or French Attacks. Pockets of narrow streets were much easier to defend than broad avenues. Many of the original wooden buildings had an overhanging 2nd story, which allowed the street-level windows to be boarded up very quickly.
Commerce. Boston was a bustling seaport for more than 200 years. Tidal flats were hastily filled-in to meet the needs of the shipping industry. The Beach Street are to the south once contained wharves (the Boston Tea Party took place at Griffin's Wharf, off Atlantic Avenue at Pearl Street). Street patterns were often "unscientific" when areas were filled-in. Mill Cove near North Station was filled-in to support the shipping industry, with warehouses constructed along Portland, Friend, and Canal Streets. Mayor Josiah Quincy had originally reclaimed the land at the foot of Long Wharf to build Quincy Market. Several other land additions in that area led to buildings such as Mercantile Wharf being constructed, which is today land-locked at a strange angle relative to the new Greenway.
Land Speculation. By the early 1800s, the Merchant Princes of Boston deliberately took down Beacon Hill and developed the Back Bay District. Beautiful and expensive brownstone residences were built there, in a pre-planned grid of streets.
Thus, one can deduce that cows did not lay out the streets in ancient Boston, although they like roamed freely in the early days to pasture on Boston Common. The only hint of truth in such folklore is that High Street was once known as Cow Lane.
But when you are stuck in traffic in downtown Boston, or cannot get to your destination due to a one-way street, that may be a good time to blame those cows for the narrow and windy streets!
Mecca-Cola Type Cola Manufacturer Mecca Cola World Company Country of origin France Introduced November 2002 Related products Coca-Cola, Zamzam Cola, Qibla Cola
Mecca-Cola is a cola-flavoured carbonated beverage. The flagship product of the Mecca Cola World Company, it is marketed as an alternative to U.S. brands such as Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola to "pro-Muslim" consumers. The product's name contains the traditional Latin-alphabet transliteration of مكة, "Mecca" in Saudi Arabia.
Details [ edit ]
Mecca-Cola was launched in France, in November 2002,[1][2] by Tawfik Mathlouthi, as a means of aiding Palestinians by tapping into demand for alternative products in European countries. He had been inspired by a popular Iranian soft drink, Zamzam Cola and only decided to launch his own brand when he was unable to agree on terms for a distribution contract with Zamzam.[3]
Mecca-Cola is now sold in some parts of the Arab World as well as in certain regions of Europe. It has also been bought and consumed in certain parts of the United States, Britain, India and Canada. Although the product was created in France, the company is currently based in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. Part of its corporate philosophy is, according to the Muslim charity precept, to support charities, and in particular to help the Palestinian people.[4] It pledges to donate 10% of its profits to fund strictly humanitarian projects (such as schools) in the Palestinian territories, and another 10% to charities in the countries in which the drink is sold.[2][5] This activist stance is reflected in the company slogan, which appears on all its products: "Shake your Conscience." The company also suggests that people avoid mixing the drink with alcohol. Mecca is the Islamic holy city, giving the name of the cola a religious connotation.
In addition to several different presentations of its cola, the company also sells a range of fruit-flavoured soft drinks under the Mecca-Cola name. The company was the sponsor of — and Mecca-Cola the official drink of — the October 2003 Summit of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC), held in Malaysia.
In a BBC documentary produced in 2003, Qibla Cola's Zafer Iqbal and Mecca Cola's Mathlouthi are shown promoting their "Message in a Bottle".
In 2012 the Federal Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates decided that "Mecca-Cola" could not be registered as a trademark, due to a law disallowing religious connotations in trademarks.[6]
International distribution [ edit ]
By 2008 Mecca Cola was distributed in 64 countries across the world.[7] Distribution in each country started on a unique date. A partial list of countries where it is distributed is as follows:
MAKER OF SHINY TOYS Apple makes $500m (£319m) each quarter from its Ipad covers, as the company moves away from focusing on hardware.
That's according to Richard Kramer, managing director of Arete Research. Speaking at the Open Mobile Summit in London, Kramer said, "Apple is one of the first manufacturers to move its focus away from mobile hardware, as seen with the Ipad Smart Cover."
"The majority of Ipad users own one of these flexible accessories, which brings Apple in a $500m fortune each quarter," he added.
Kramer went on to say that this shift from look-a-like "black slab" hardware will help companies like LG, Sony and Motorola, which all saw a decline in revenues last year, to establish themselves within the mobile market.
"There's a huge problem with differentiation for mobile device vendors, and it's a growing concern", he said. "To us smartphones may all look different, but to the average consumer they all look like 'fat black slabs'. The end of this 'black slab' trend looks set to [happen] in 2013."
Kramer warned that if device makers choose to ignore this, companies' sales shortfalls are destined to get worse throughout the next year. µ
Kubica, who had raced in F1 between 2006 and 2010 but was forced to leave the championship after sustaining severe injuries to his right hand and arm in a rally accident, recently returned to the cockpit of an F1 car in a private test with the Renault outfit.
In a one-day test at Valencia's Ricardo Tormo circuit, the Polish driver completed 115 laps with the 2012-spec Lotus E20 and, according to Renault's Alan Permane, showed strong enough pace for an F1 comeback to be viable.
Speaking to Poland's Eleven Sports after the test, the 32-year-old racer insisted he is now even fitter than he had been prior to the injury that had interrupted his F1 career.
"I had been working a lot on my physical condition," Kubica said. "I have never been so fit, even in my 'golden years' when I was still competing in F1. For example, for the first time in my life my body weight is lower than in 2008.
"It turned out that [driving an F1 car] is not as scary and remote as it seemed to be. I can even admit that an F1 car was one of the easiest machines to drive with my limitations after my accident.
"Now I can sleep better because I know that I can drive a Formula 1 car without any limitations, I can drive quickly and consistently."
Kubica says he was in "shock" after the very first laps of his return test because of how comfortable he was driving an F1 car again.
"One of the best moments was returning to the pits after my first run when I realised that everything was under control and nothing had changed.
"After the first three laps it seemed that the break had not lasted more than a month. It was a shock as I had a lot of question marks after so many years [out of action].
"I felt very confident in the cockpit. I felt at home."
No use getting overexcited
Having stated after the test that he was now targeting a "proper comeback" to F1, Kubica has stressed it was important not to get carried away.
"I know that the imaginations and expectations of fans and motorsport people were boosted after this test but there is no point in getting overexcited," he said.
"Time will tell. A lot has happened in my life over the past six years, a lot has changed in me.
"I will work to achieve the goal I set for myself and to achieve what I think is within my reach. It is too early to say what it is and whether it will happen. I will prepare myself for the highest goals."
He added: "I think that two years ago people gave me quite slim chances to return to driving a Formula 1 car but I came back and did it, I think, in style."
Kubica, who had signed on to contest the World Endurance Championship with LMP1 privateer ByKolles this year before backing out late on, said he had no regrets at how his 2017 schedule has panned out so far.
"It was almost certain that I would be a part of different racing programmes [this year] but unfortunately it didn't happen. Honestly, now I don't regret it at all.
"One day in the Formula 1 car and a chance to feel what I loved, what I still love and what is my passion, gave me a lot more and I would never exchange it for anything."
At this juncture in his life when he should be playing with his grandchildren or going on long cruises, 85-year old Osamu Suzuki is showing no signs of slowing down. He is still the chairman of Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) and the longest-serving CEO in the auto industry with 37 years at the helm.
A bundle of energy and with a mind as sharp as a Samurai's sword, the bushy-browed patriarch over two hours and several cups of green tea (good for his longevity) narrates, for the first time ever, his story on how Maruti really happened.
His elephant-like memory for dates and details make it seem like it was yesterday and not 1982, the year Suzuki took a leap of faith into India with the Maruti joint venture.
A TWIST OF FATE
Unknown to most is the fact that Suzuki's association with India and the Gandhi family began 13 years earlier, when a little 360cc two-cylinder Suzuki Fronte participating in the 1969 Asia Highway Rally rolled into the Ashoka Hotel in New Delhi.
Osamu Suzuki recalls. “I was not there for the rally personally but the Suzuki team was approached by a rather polished gentleman who requested them to come to the house of his boss, whose sons were very interested in the Suzuki car.
Osamu Suzuki, the 85-year old, longest-serving CEO in the auto industry with 37 years at the helm. (Illustration: Malay Karmakar)
“When the Suzuki team arrived at the house, it turned out to be the official residence of Indira Gandhi, who was then prime minister of India. The Suzuki team was welcomed by Rajiv Gandhi and Sanjay Gandhi. At that time, Sanjay had just come back from the UK and was planning to start a ‘People's Car' project in India. Rajiv had a keen interest in cars as well, and so, they both got behind the wheel and took the Fronte SS for a test drive on the streets of New Delhi and came back impressed. Both brothers expressed their intention to enter into technical collaboration with Suzuki and asked the Suzuki team to immediately convey the same to the headquarters in Japan.
“Unfortunately, the situation surrounding Suzuki did not allow us to accept the offer at that time: 1970-1975 were difficult years and we were busy trying to save the company. However, it seems a marvellous bond between India and Suzuki was destined.”
In 1978, Osamu Suzuki became the president of SMC, and it was under his leadership that a new small car was developed – the Alto. This micro car went on to become the staple for the company for decades. “The Alto was very popular in the Japanese domestic market and we grew by leaps and bounds with this particular model. In fact this was the same vehicle we brought to India in the form of the Maruti 800. It gave us confidence to develop new markets overseas, especially since there was an economic crisis in Japan,” Suzuki recalls.
Suzuki's India story is the stuff fairy tales are made off. It was a matter of chance and a bit of luck, but finally it was Osamu's doggedness that clinched the deal with Maruti.
“One of our engineers was on his way to Pakistan, where we had established a plant. He had taken an Air India flight in which he read (in India Today magazine) that the government was asking manufacturers to come and make a small car for India. I told the person who brought this article back to Japan to go to the Indian embassy and check if they are still accepting applications for the project, but the Indian embassy declined the application because the time limit was over. So, I told this person that the actual sales process starts when you are turned down! I instructed him to keep visiting the Indian embassy till they accepted our application, which they did on his third visit.”
After several twists and turns that saw sure-shot partners like Volkswagen and Daihatsu back out at the last minute, Suzuki seemed to be the only choice left for Maruti. Besides, Osamu saw India as a potential jackpot that he didn't want to lose. “You see, India was a big opportunity for SMC which happened to be the smallest auto manufacturer in Japan, ranking 13th. So, I took India as an opportunity to show what we can do overseas and made it my resolution to make this project successful.”
Suzuki agreed to help in manufacture of the ‘People's car ‘in India on the condition that V Krishnamurthy, the then chairman of Maruti Udyog, leaves the project completely to them. Krishnamurthy said a ‘yes'! (HT File)
IN CONTROL
The top management of the newly-formed Maruti Udyog Ltd were novices in car-making. In his first meeting with V Krishnamurthy (chairman) and RC Bhargava, Osamu Suzuki remembers explaining the basics of setting up a car plant. “I met Krishnamurthy and Bhargava at the Imperial Hotel in Tokyo for around three hours, during which they asked me all sorts of questions like what is required to set up a car manufacturing plant, what will be the size and so on. I borrowed a white board and explained everything, after which I requested them to visit our plant.”
Entering an unknown country that had no manufacturing culture or supplier base at the time required guts and an appetite for risk, which the fiery Osamu Suzuki was known for. But was he ever, at any point, afraid?
“I asked Krishnamurthy if he would leave the project to me a 100%, because that was the condition with which I would go ahead. Krishnamurthy said ‘yes' and entrusted everything to me. Also, (Indira) Gandhi used to trust Krishnamurthy and Bhargava and I told them both I would give my 100% if the project was left to me.
“More than car-making, I showed how to set up a plant, how the management was supposed to be done and the first time I visited India, I also visited the half-finished plant constructed by Sanjay Gandhi.”
Suzuki very quickly established a benchmark for manufacturing efficiency. Besides massive economies of scale, it was Osamu Suzuki's legendary cost-cutting and frugal ways that made Maruti the most profitable car-maker in India by far.
COST GURU
Suzuki admits that the low-cost, low-margin end of the market that Maruti dominates is a challenge that requires special skills. “The key to making a small car is to make a success of the concept of a minimum standard for cost and quality. In small vehicles, the total value of the car is less and the profit on them is also small. To ensure the base level of quality in the vehicle, you have to get the cost right, specifically for small cars. This is precisely the challenge,” he says.
Did Suzuki's experience with bikes help? “The two-wheeler experience and even the two-wheeler supplier base definitely came in handy when developing the car,” he admits.
India is second home for Osamu Suzuki. He has a permanent suite in the Maurya Sheraton in Delhi and his favourite restaurant is the Bukhara, where he once donned a chef's hat to skewer and cook a chicken! So what is it about India that still fascinates him? People, traffic, food?
“All of these! Otherwise, I wouldn't have visited India over 200 times. When we were establishing ourselves, I would personally check the concrete on my factory floor and everything. I am 85, and I know what Japan was before World War II. Those days, the highway between Osaka and Nagoya was not paved, there were poor people, so for me, I know what hardship people have gone through and when I see poor people in India, I can understand.
“Since we sell more cars in India than in Japan, I have thought about moving our corporate headquarters to India, but my family won't let me!”
That remark is best taken as in made in jest, because though he has handed over the reins of the company to his eldest son, Toshihiro Suzuki (president and COO), it's unlikely that anyone is going to tell Osamu Suzuki, who has single-handedly shaped the fortunes of SMC for nearly four decades, what to do.
In partnership with Autocar India
First Published: Nov 21, 2015 11:09 IST
A small group of supporters gathered outside a Conservative rally in Brampton, Ont., this week hoping to get a quick glimpse of Harper.
"I just saw him today and, yeah, just wanted to know him more if I had the chance," Vasudha Sharma told CBC News.
But Sharma, 15, wasn't talking about Conservative Leader Stephen Harper, she was referring to his 18-year-old son, Ben.
Conservative Party supporters outside a Harper rally in Brampton, Ont., on Monday. (Hannah Thibedeau/CBC)
Sharma and her friends were clustered around a Conservative campaign bus hoping to meet Ben and his sister Rachel, 16.
The youthful fans ranged in age from nine to 16, and they were brimming with questions.
"I want to ask him what it feels like to be Stephen Harper's son? Obviously. Everyone wants to know that," 15-year-old Simran Jha hollered from the group.
Her friends began chiming in simultaneously.
"How do you feel being a celebrity?"
"Can you add me to Snapchat?"
"He wanted to marry her [Rachel]," one teenage boy yells at another. "He's lying! He's lying! Lies!" The other jokingly screams back.
The cynicism often associated with politics isn't to be found with this group.
Family campaign road trip
Jha explains why they want to meet the young Harpers.
"Talk to them and we can find out a little bit more — and even, if we want to, you know, do something to change something in the world, we can do it," Jha said.
Ben and Rachel have been front and centre on the election trail with their father and mother, Laureen, since the beginning of the campaign two weeks ago, and not only at announcements and fundraisers.
Ben was directly involved with his dad's preparations for the first leaders' debate and Rachel has been out visiting volunteers at campaign offices with her mother.
The Harpers aren't the only political offspring making appearances on the campaign trail.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair has had his family around him at several campaign events, and was attending the Toronto Blue Jays game Friday night with his sons. Green Party Leader Elizabeth May's daughter lent moral support during the leaders' debate. Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau brought his kids along for a day of campaigning last weekend.
But so far, the Harpers have been the most visible.
Politics 'in their blood'
In Edmonton, 14-year-old MacKenzie Sly said she would like to know more about the political side of the Harper children.
Mackenzie Sly, 14, left, waits with friends to catch a glimpse of the Harper family at a Conservative rally in Edmonton on Wednesday. (Hannah Thibedeau/CBC)
"[Politics] should be in their blood, probably. If they don't like it, that would be really bad, and it's probably a huge, hectic schedule for them right now," she said.
When school resumes in the fall, their presence on the campaign will be limited. Ben will return to Queen's University in Kingston, Ont., for his second year of studies, and Rachel will be going into Grade 11.
But for the time being, it seems their presence on the cross-country family campaign road trip is drawing the attention of a new generation of Canadians.
Try to read the mysterious inner workings of North Korea's leadership with much confidence, and you do so at your peril. That's one lesson from the revelation that several apparently purged North Korean officials were included on a committee tasked with organizing the funeral of one of the military's most senior leaders.
Han Kwang-sang and Kim Kyong-ok were among the most prominent of several supposedly purged officials named on the list of committee members, which was released by North Korean state media ahead of the funeral of Marshal Ri Ul-sol on Wednesday.
The committee list was widely seen as a rundown of the country's top brass, and the inclusion of Han and Kim indicates that they remain alive and in favor with the regime.
In May, South Korea's National Intelligence Service told local lawmakers that Han was among 15 senior officials executed so far this year. The intelligence briefing came seven months after North Korea Intellectuals Solidarity, a group of activist defectors, claimed that Kim had been ordered killed.
Both Han, who headed the finance department of the Korean Workers' Party, and Kim, first deputy director of the ruling party's powerful Organization and Guidance Department, were regarded as among ruler Kim Jong-un's closest aides.
“Both of them accompanied Jong-un pretty regularly the last few years then suddenly dropped out of sight,” Michael Madden, who noted their “Lazarus-like” return on his blog North Korea Leadership Watch, told The Diplomat.
“Kim was rumored to have been executed at the time last year, while rumors of Han's execution came out the same time as Gen. Hyon Yong-chol back in May,” Madden added. “Very difficult for dead men to be members of a funeral committee, and their names would not be on the committee if they were not on good terms with the core leadership.”
Madden said their previous absence from view could mean they retired or had been temporarily marginalized.
Reports of bloody purges in North Korea have proven incorrect before. In 2013, South Korea's Chosun Ilbo newspaper reported that Hyon Song-wol, a popular singer in North Korea, was executed by firing squad for her part in a sex scandal, only for her to later reappear on North Korean television.
“Newspapers and media outlets pick up on something in ROK (South Korean) media and report it. So it's really more a matter of the sources that talk to ROK media or the DPRK (North Korean) citizens who talk to defector media outlets in the ROK,” said Madden. “With regard to the former, it's human assets and the process of intelligence collection that yield slipshod information. With regard to the latter, some of the defector media's sources rely on third-hand information and gossip which may not be accurate.”
The release of the funeral committee list on Sunday sparked little media reflection on how speculative and often inaccurate even official intelligence gathering on North Korea can be. It did, however, lead media and analysts to return to the subject of leadership purges: the absence of Choe Ryong-hae, who has been called the second most powerful man in North Korea, predictably sparked another round of speculation about the possible demotion or execution of another of Kim Jong-un's right-hand men.
Since 2012, Choe Ryong-hae has repeatedly been the subject of reports depicting his rise within the regime, shortly followed by his marginalization.
2000 Ford F-250 Super Duty Sold
Year 2000
Make Ford
Model F-250 Super Duty
Body Style Crew Cab
Price Sold
Mileage 332,000
History
Call Now 636-451-6877
Tweet
Exterior Color White
Interior Color Tan
Engine 7.3 Diesel
Transmission Automatic
Fuel Type DEISEL
Vin 1FTNW21FSYED88800
Vehicle Comments
2000 Ford F-250
4x4, AT, AC, white with tan interior, loaded, 7.3 Diesel!!!!!! And you know what that means.....they run on and on!!!! Alloy wheels, clean carfax & clean title, 4 like new tires, Non-smoker, 332,000 miles. Runs great, give Mark a call at 314-210-8676
Only $6450
Disclaimer: All vehicles are subject to prior sale. All prices are subject to change without prior notice. Prices do not include any government fees and taxes, license, registration, any finance charges, any dealer document preparation charge.
Other vehicles you might be interested in:
With a complete inventory of every player discovered weapon, armor piece, item, recipe, and collection in the game, we proudly unveil our Rift Database!
We're pleased to annouce the unveiling of our Rift database! Every player discovered weapon, armor piece, item, recipe, artifact collection, ability, and achievement is cataloged and searchable. It's like Wowhead.... for Rift!
Click here to go directly to the database search for items, recipes, collections, achievements or abilities. Or, if you just feel like browsing, you can select one of the options from the database menu dropdown here at ZAM Rift.
Read beyond the break to learn more about how you can find exactly the piece of Rift information that you're looking for and what you can expect from the ZAM database in the coming weeks. But if you can't wait any longer, dive into the database and check things out!
There are thousands upon thousands of different things to see in the database, and it is highly recommended that anyone using the database include some filters to limit the scope of their search. With nearly 32,000 items to sort through in the item database alone, setting some parameters for your search is definitely a good idea.
To make things easier to find initially, I've gone ahead and split the database up into the various sections for you to browse.
Item Database
The backbone of almost all MMOs, finding the best item for your character is incredibly important. Armor, weapons, rings, and more fall into the item category, so most gamers will likely spend a great deal of their time in this database searching for two-handed axes like Wyrmrend, leather armor like Thieves Girdle, or the perfect off-hand item like Voltaic Totem. Check out what players have found... there are definitely some unique items in there!
Recipe Database
Crafting is an artform, and those that truly love to hone their skills will find a large variety of information in the recipe database with everything from the necessary items listed to make a Band of Crystallized Mana (with links to those items included) to how much your Blazing Precise Runeshard sells for to a merchant. Want to become the most efficient crafter on your shard? This is the place to find out!
Collections Database
One of the most fun parts of any MMO is trying to complete everything in the game, and the collection part of Rift definitely focuses squarely on that singular function. Unlike the game, however, the ZAM collections database has every single player discovered collection not only listed, but we include the rewards for that collection as well. Want to know what you gain from the Exarch Invader Storm Artifacts? Simply look it up and find out!
Achievement Database
If you're an achievement collector, this is definitely the tool for you. With a few options selected in the filter, you can search through the entire list of in-game achievements by categories like character advancement, PvP, dungeons, planes, and zones. Additionally, the list can be sorted by faction, so if you're looking to show your pride and collect all the Defiant based achievements, that's a totally viable option.
Ability Database
While you're playing an MMO, it's not always easy to figure out exactly what abilities would work best for you while you're PvEing of PvPing, so we've gathered them all for you! Using our ability database let's you quickly and easily locate exactly what abilities are used by souls, which we think is pretty handy.
Known Bugs
Like any brand-new feature, there are a few known bugs in the database. As they become known (and squashed), I will do my best to keep them updated on this page. So far, these include:
Discovered recipes that include items that aren't discovered, leading to a broken tooltip.
Some item icons are missing.
Item menu needs some tweaking for easier navigation.
Coming Soon!
We're definitely not stopping with just these database sections, and players will soon be able to browse through our database for quests, NPCs, and even more tools to make finding exactly what you want even easier. We've worked hard to bring you the information you've come to expect from top tier MMO sites, and we hope you enjoy what you find!
That's it for now, folks! Feel free to do some exploring on your own, because there's plenty to see in the database. Now we can truly let the gaming begin... and don't forget to check out our Soul Tree Calculator!
Red Hat, Inc. (NYSE: RHT), the world's leading provider of open source solutions, today announced the general availability of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9. The latest update to the Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 platform, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9 builds upon more than six years of enterprise-proven success, offering a more secure, stable and reliable platform for the modern enterprise and prioritizes features for critical deployments.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9 shows our continued commitment to providing a solid backbone for production deployments, adding security and stability enhancements and an updated container base image to address a variety of vital business IT needs. Jim Totton vice president and general manager, Platforms Business Unit, Red Hat
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9 delivers new hardware support developed in collaboration with Red Hat partners which helps to provide a smooth transition of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 production deployments to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 environments. Additionally, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9 adds updates to TLS 1.2 to further enhance secure communications and provide broader support for the latest PCI-DSS standards, better equipping enterprises to offer more secure online transactions.
While emphasizing stability for existing IT investments, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9 supports the next generation of cloud-native applications through an updated Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 base image. The Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9 base image enables customers to migrate their existing Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 workloads into container-based applications - suitable for deployment on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7, Red Hat Enterprise Linux Atomic Host, and Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform.
Note that Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 enters Production Phase 3 on May 10, 2017, meaning that subsequent updates to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 will be limited to qualified critical security fixes and business-impacting urgent issues. Please refer to Red Hat Enterprise Linux Life Cycle for more information.
In addition, as Red Hat Enterprise Linux subscriptions are not tied to a particular release, existing customers may also elect to update their Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 infrastructure to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 at any time, free of charge, to take advantage of recent upstream innovations. Red Hat simplifies the upgrade to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7, through the Preupgrade Assistant and Red Hat Upgrade Tool.
Availability
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9 is now available to all customers with an active Red Hat Enterprise Linux subscription via the Red Hat Customer Portal.
Supporting Quote
Jim Totton, vice president and general manager, Platforms Business Unit, Red Hat
"For more than six years, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 has provided enterprise IT with a more secure, stable and reliable platform for mission-critical workloads, from financial systems to national security applications. Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9 shows our continued commitment to providing a solid backbone for production deployments, adding security and stability enhancements and an updated container base image to address a variety of vital business IT needs."
The law rarely keeps up with technological advances – except in Montana.
Legislators in that state recently passed a bill that requires the police to obtain a search warrant, based on probable cause, before they can use a cellphone carrier's records to establish a suspect's location.
That kind of “metadata” can be incredibly valuable, as law enforcement agencies discovered long before the rest of us. The cellphones we carry everywhere establish a clear log of our daily travels and can go a long way in telling the story of our lives.
In recognition of that fact, the Montana Legislature this spring passed a location information privacy bill, which requires a search warrant for location information recorded by an “electronic device.” There are exceptions to the warrant requirement, including when the cellphone is reported stolen or to respond to a cellphone user's emergency call.
Steve Bullock, the governor of Montana, signed it into law on May 6. The American Civil Liberties Union, which tracks cellphone tracking laws across the country, called it the first such state legislation.
In so doing, Montana stole California's thunder: that state's Legislature had passed a warrant law for location tracking last year, but Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed it, saying that it did not “strike the right balance” between the needs of citizens and law enforcement.
Over a dozen other states have eyed similar measures just this year. In Maine, a location information privacy bill went to the governor's desk last Wednesday. In Texas, a similar bill failed to muster enough votes in the Statehouse. The Massachusetts Legislature is scheduled to hold a hearing next Tuesday on a measure that would require search warrants for location records as well as content of cellphone communications.
Congress has been slow to act on the issue. Bills have been introduced in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, with little movement. The courts meanwhile have rendered mixed verdicts on how law enforcement can extract location history from telecommunications carriers.
Among the most remarkable is an armed robbery trial in Maryland, where the police obtained 221 days of cellphone location data for the suspects. The law enforcement authorities obtained a court order from a magistrate, but not a warrant.
The A.C.L.U., along with several other groups, filed an amicus brief in the case this week in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, arguing that at a minimum, the police should obtain a warrant, based on probable cause, to gain access to cellphone location records.
The Supreme Court has yet to weigh in on the legal limits of location tracking using a cellphone, though it ruled in a landmark 2012 case that the police must obtain a search warrant before placing a GPS tracking device on a suspect's vehicle.
Blockchain is a revolutionary technology which finds application in multiple industries, not just banking and fintech. What are the different applications making the headlines in the recent past? Let us take a look.
Marketplace
When you have a decentralized currency, can decentralized marketplaces be far behind?
Decentralized marketplaces directly connect buyers and sellers through a software, removing the middleman. The first version of OpenBazaar went live on 3 April 2016.
The advantages of decentralized marketplaces are many – no government intervention, tight regulation on sellers or high marketplace commissions and fees.
Payment for trades, of course, is through bitcoins.
Storage Applications
Distributed storage applications create a decentralized market for disk space, allowing it to be traded in exchange for cryptocurrency.
Major companies in this space include Storj, Sia and Filecoin. Maidsafe is another company with a similar offering, where unused processing power is traded instead of unused storage space.
Storj Labs announced the release of the beta version of their cloud platform on 9 April 2016.
Education Certificates
Educational institutions have realized that blockchain has the potential to eliminate forgery in the certificates they issue, due to its immutable nature.
MIT Media Lab and Holberton School have issued blockchain-based certificates to their students.
In February 2016, Sony Global Education announced that it had developed a blockchain-based application to store educational data.
Sony believes that this has the potential to become an universal educational ID.
Time-stamping / Notarization
While digital time-stamping of documents have been in vogue for some time now, there has always been a need to depend on a trusted authority.
Decentralized time-stamping is a reality now with companies including Proof of Existence, Factom and Uproov providing these services.
The document itself remains private, while the hash of the document is embedded in the bitcoin blockchain.
In February 2016, Factom signed an agreement with iSoftStone to collaborate on data storage, auditing and verification in new smart cities in China.
It's almost Valentine's and what more of a perfect gift could WhatsApp give its users than dozens upon dozens of brand-new emojis they can use to express all of their emotions and deep feelings? Those cool drawings had been donning the WhatsApp beta for over two months but they're now ready to deck the emoji panel of every WhatsApp user through an update to the stable Play Store release of the app.
Version 2.12.441 is starting to roll out to everyone with a reorganized emoji panel and plenty of cool new drawings like the upside down face, the nerd and robot faces, the champagne bottle, the popcorn box, and more. There's a middle finger emoji too, as well as an urn, a turkey, plenty of religious places and more. Our personal recommendation for Valentine's is to punctuate each of your love confessions with the new "heart exclamation mark" emoji that you'll find in the symbols tab.
For all the details about these emojis and their new tabbed layout, check our previous article. And remember, the update seems to be slowly rolling out to everyone — as a matter of fact only a few users have gotten it so far — so you'll likely see it in a day or two. WhatsApp's Play Store changelog hasn't been updated either (the Google Drive storage update went live a few days ago) so we don't know if there are any other changes lurking in the dark in this new version. If you're impatient, I'm sure you already know you can always count on APK Mirror to grab the latest WhatsApp installation files.
The couple took a lover's journey to France upon his return where Ina became obsessed with French cuisine and gourmet ingredients.
She decided to take the cliché challenge of cooking through Julia Child's Mastering The Art Of French Cooking once back in the United States while the couple settled in to positions at the White House. Ina's menial clerical duties included writing nuclear energy budgets for the Ford and Carter administrations.
Despite an impressive title, Ina was unhappy. Work at the White House was stressful and only mildly fulfilling.
"I KEPT THINKING TO MYSELF: 'THERE HAS TO BE MORE TO LIFE THAN THIS!'"
It was in her ritual of entertaining that she found enough catharsis to keep from mental breakdowns resultant of a grueling nine-to-five, however, fate would finally strike in the form of a real estate ad for a specialty food store up for sale in the Hamptons.
After a spirited road trip and the blessing of her husband, she chucked the deuces up to Uncle Sam and bought Barefoot Contessa.
Following months of gruelling tests and trials, scientists now reveal the World's strongest insect to be a species of dung beetle called Onthophagus taurus.
In an experiment to find out why animals vary so much in strength and endurance, Dr Rob Knell from Queen Mary, University of London and Professor Leigh Simmons from the University of Western Australia found the strongest beetle could pull an astonishing 1,141 times its own body weight -- the equivalent of a 70kg person lifting 80 tonnes (the same as six full double-decker buses).
Writing in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B, the scientists also found these insect athletes need to pay just as much attention to their diet as human athletes. Even the strongest beetles were reduced to feeble weaklings when put on a poor diet for a few days.
"Insects are well known for being able to perform amazing feats of strength," explained Dr Knell from Queen Mary's School of Biological and Chemical Sciences, "and it's all on account of their curious sex lives. Female beetles of this species dig tunnels under a dung pat, where males mate with them. If a male enters a tunnel that is already occupied by a rival, they fight by locking horns and try to push each other out." Knell and Simmons tested the beetles' ability to resist a rival by measuring how much weight was needed to pull him out of his hole.
"Interestingly, some male dung beetles don't fight over females," said Dr Knell. "They are smaller, weaker and don't have horns like the larger males. Even when we fed them up they didn't grow stronger, so we know it's not because they have a poorer diet.
"They did, however, develop substantially bigger testicles for their body size. This suggests they sneak behind the back of the other male, waiting until he's looking the other way for a chance to mate with the female. Instead of growing super strength to fight for a female, they grow lots more sperm to increase their chances of fertilising her eggs and fathering the next generation."
Dear EarthTalk : What's the prognosis for Hawaii's coral reefs in the face of global warming, invasive algae and other environmental threats?—Bill Weston, San Francisco
Despite sweeping protections put in place near the end of George W. Bush's presidency for large swaths of marine ecosystems around the Hawaiian Islands, things are not looking good for Hawaii's coral reefs. Poisonous runoff, rising ocean levels, increasingly acidic waters and overfishing are taking their toll on the reefs and the marine life they support. Biologists are trying to remain optimistic that there is still time to turn things around, but new threats to Hawaii's corals are only aggravating the situation.
To wit, a previously undocumented cyanobacterial fungus that grows through photosynthesis is spreading by as much as three inches per week on corals along the otherwise pristine North Shore of Kauai. “There is nowhere we know of in the entire world where an entire reef system for 60 miles has been compromised in one fell swoop,” biologist Terry Lilley told The Los Angeles Times. “These bacteria has been killing some of these 50- to 100-year-old corals in less than eight weeks.” He adds that the strange green fungus affects upwards of five percent of the corals in famed Hanalei Bay and up to 40 percent of the coral in nearby Anini Bay, with neighboring areas “just as bad, if not worse.” Lilly worries that the entire reef system surrounding Kauai may be losing its ability to fend off pathogens.
Meanwhile, some 60 miles to the east across the blue Pacific, an invasive alga introduced for aquaculture three decades ago in Oahu's Kne‘ohe Bay is also spreading quickly. Biologists are concerned because it forms thick tangled mats that soak up oxygen in the water needed by other plants and animals, in turn converting coral reefs there into smothering wastelands.
“This and other invasive algal species...don't belong in Hawai‘i,” says Eric Conklin, Hawaii director of marine services for The Nature Conservancy, which works to protect ecologically important lands and waters worldwide. He adds that there are not enough plant-eating fish to keep them under control.
Biologists are working hard to battle the algae in and around Kne‘ohe Bay. Conklin and his colleagues from the Conservancy have joined forces with researchers from the state of Hawaii to develop an inexpensive new technology, dubbed the Super Sucker, which uses barge-based hoses and pumps to vacuum the invasive algae away without disturbing the underlying coral. Once divers clear a given reef of algae, they then stock it with native sea urchins raised in the state's marine lab that can help keep new algal outbreaks in check. The system has been so successful at reducing invasive algae at Kne‘ohe Bay that the state has begun producing tens of thousands of sea urchins for similar “outplanting” projects on other coral reefs around Oahu and beyond that are threatened by invasive algae.
Fast-growing algae and pathogens are only part of the problem. Decades of overfishing have reduced the biodiversity on and around coral reefs, reducing their ecological integrity and making them more vulnerable to climate change. Higher water temperatures and rising sea levels, two of the more dramatic symptoms of global warming, are hastening the bleaching of some particularly vulnerable reefs that have evolved over thousands of years.
CONTACT: The Nature Conservancy, www.nature.org.
EarthTalk® is written and edited by Roddy Scheer and Doug Moss and is a registered trademark of E - The Environmental Magazine (www.emagazine.com). Send questions to: earthtalk@emagazine.com. Subscribe: www.emagazine.com/subscribe. Free Trial Issue: www.emagazine.com/trial.
Working internationally, I am often asked how the Canadian economy is responding to low oil prices, and how this is linked to national politics.
As the Canadian government abandons economic prudence in favour of a “tar sands above all” policy, the country increasingly feels like Nigeria where, as Kingsley Moghalu writes in this week's Financial Times, "oil patrimony is the result of an unimaginative politics, one which assumes that government cannot do anything to enlarge a country's economy, and that its only role is to divide the spoils. Politicians have therefore concentrated on rewarding their supporters — and as the [oil] bounty has diminished, that debate has become more and more bitter.”
Moghalu was describing the plight of the Nigerian economy under sustained low oil prices. He could just as easily be talking about Canada (or Russia).
This astute description of a nation captured by its hydrocarbon industry comes from a former Nigerian central banker who is now a professor at Tufts University. It succinctly captures Stephen Harper's oil-centric economic policy.
One result of this policy is that our country now has more in common with Nigeria than any other OECD country, with the possible exception of Australia.
Just like Nigeria, Canada has no national economic plan that looks beyond fossil fuel energy. And like Nigeria's states, there is no coordinated energy planning between the Canadian provinces.
Instead, Canadian political efforts, and Minister Joe Oliver's speaking tours, choose to focus on denying climate change and promoting an unsustainable oil and gas sector dependent on government handouts. The large taxpayer subsidies that both Nigerian and Canadian oil companies enjoy, and that continue to drag on our respective economies, should make our Finance Minister ashamed.
Moghalu's description of the plight of the Nigerian economy could also apply word-for-word to the state of energy politics and the skewed role that fossil fuels have come to play in Canada's economy.
Prime Minister Harper has toured the world describing Canada as an emerging “energy superpower,” when in fact we depend on fickle international oil prices and foreign buyers to determine our economic fates. Over 90 per cent of our oil goes to the U.S. and the rest goes to Asia, and demand is contracting in both markets.
For any Canadian politicians who care to listen, Mogahalu helpfully describes how “the real test of strategic economic nationalism will be how long it takes [Canada] to achieve a diversified industrial economy that can support the value of its currency and reduce the structural impact of dependence on commodities. This is the crucial task that faces [the Canadian Prime Minister's] cabinet. For the factors that weigh on [Canada's] economic prospects are largely political constraints, which create incentives for officials to pursue misguided policies.”
Whoever forms the next government of Canada this autumn should heed Professor Mogahalu's advice, and chart a course towards a low-carbon economy that will make the country an economic model, rather than a pariah, for our global peers.
Professor Moghalu's admonishment that the “politics of oil must be supplanted by something more enlightened” should inspire all Canadians when we head to the ballot box on October 19th.
Born Jonatan Leandoer Håstad, Yung Lean is an 18-year-old Swede who speaks, raps, and sings over beats mostly created by members of his Sad Boys clique. His general shtick is an approximation of contemporary swag-rap that comes across as a mixture of tribute and parody; he initially attracted notice as a kind of musical meme. Indeed, it's hard to imagine Lean gaining an audience without visuals, and the video for "Ginseng Strip 2002" exemplifies his approach: the baby-faced rapper dons his now-trademark bucket hat and a bad Southern accent, shouting out Makaveli within the clip's opening seconds. His verses are stilted, his movements awkward; he resembles a rap-obsessed misfit from a summer camp who freestyles poorly and doesn't worry about distinguishing between the positive and negative attention he's receiving. And Lean receives plenty of both: the video has over 2.6 million views, and fans and haters still lob pejoratives at each other in the comments section to this day.
On last year's Unknown Death 2002 mixtape, Lean's rapping was wooden but relatively easy to ignore, and those who found themselves responding in earnest to his music may have been attracted to the cloudy instrumentals provided by producers such as Yung Gud and Yung Sherman. On the trance-like “Gatorade”, Lean's voice was screwed up and down the register so often that he simply became part of an appealingly chaotic mix; “Lemonade” was a blatant Clams Casino rip-off, but the imitation was accurate enough to capture that producer's appeal.
As a whole, Yung Lean wields the appeal of a charming reality star: he's ridiculous without knowing it. His new album, Unknown Memory, is reminiscent of the second season of "Jersey Shore", where it slowly became clear that the cast was in on the joke. The record finds Yung Lean doubling down on every part of his personality that hit home with those initially drawn to his music, while simultaneously scrubbing away the most amateurish (and most likable) parts of his sound.
He's added two notable tricks to his arsenal: a bastardized form of dub, and a heightened tendency to eschew rapping altogether in favor of Auto-Tuned wailing. This latter development flatters the fidelity of his music—one can easily imagine a track from Unknown Memory passing by anonymously in a public space—but it also makes many of these songs indistinguishable from one another. Consequently, it's harder to ignore Yung Lean's vocals to focus on his more palatable beats; “Sunrise Angel” and “Yoshi City” are relatively interesting production-wise, but Lean's voice is too high in the mix. His revamped flow, which cements him as a terrible rapper rather than someone who doesn't know how to rap, comes across as more grating than his older, more fruitless attempts at piecing verses together. The most engaging song here, the Travis Scott-featuring “Ghosttown”, might have been more potent if Yung Lean didn't appear on it at all.
One of Lean's noteworthy qualities has always been his expression of sad feelings, and on Unknown Memory that tendency is kicked into overdrive. On the hook of “Yoshi City”, he refers to himself as a “lonely cloud”; on “Monster”, over the same brassy synths and a TNGHT-like build, he laments “nothing matters anymore.” “Leanworld” finds the rapper reaching the nadir of this expression—it's a swampy, soupy production, almost unimaginably irritating in the club-land fantasy it conjures up. These sentiments feel like the performative sadness that's been explored with much more sophistication by artists like Lana Del Rey; in comparison, Yung Lean's expression sounds empty.
Yung Lean's tendencies to randomly emote and stunt come in part from approximating the real emotions of the music he takes his cues from—mostly, Southern and West Coast rap ranging from the sad robotics of Future to the anything-goes ethos of Lil B. But he never shows any real emotional investment in the style he's chosen, and his lyrics and tone don't reveal much personality beyond “rap fan.” Yung Lean isn't bringing anything new to rap; instead, he's making cheap copies of his actual role models, and in doing so he removes the humanity of the rappers he's imitating, creating unwitting caricatures of those artists and not much more.
Recent tragic events have lead to a movement in the South to rid itself of public, government-supported displays of Confederate iconography. Most of the fight has focused on the Rebel flag (insert Star Wars joke), but a new petition launched by the Atlanta chapter of the NAACP is taking aim at something a bit harder to take down: The relief carved into Stone Mountain.
The centerpiece of Stone Mountain Park is the mountain itself, featuring a carving of Confederate leaders Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee and Thomas “Stonewall” Jackson. While the NAACP wants the thing completely removed, another petitioner on MoveOn.org is seeking a compromise. Mack Williams launched the petition, noting that he believes “it's important to recognize the history and heritage of all Georgians,” but that the image on Stone Mountain “only represents a small, regrettable time in the history of the Peach State.” Thus, he wants to add OutKast members Big Boi and André 3000 riding a Caddie next to Lee and the boys.
“By no means do we wish to erase or destroy the current carving, which, regardless of its context, is an impressive and historic work of art,” reads the petition. “We simply wish to add new carvings, of Atlanta hip-hop duo Outkast, to the mountainside. There's plenty of room.”
While clearly a joke, it actually makes a lot of sense. As former Georgia Democrat Ed Kilgore notes, Jackson shouldn't even be on the mountain to begin with. He was only added because Lee's real military adjutant, lifelong Georgia native James Longstreet, ended up “supporting voting rights for ex-slaves and backed (and even played a role in) military reconstruction in the South.” Kilgore adds that, “Among other interesting traits, Jackson favored a policy of executing Union prisoners of war, based on his reading of Old Testament precedents. That's the man up there with Davis and Lee on Stone Mountain.”
So wouldn't OutKast at least make more sense in terms of positive Georgian influences? Supporters sure think so, as the petition has 804 signatures as of publication. As AJC.com points out, Big Boi himself has endorsed the movement:
👍RT @ajc: How ‘bout it @bigboi? Two dope boys in a Cadillac — on the side of Stone Mountain? http://t.co/seiEZGsZcs pic.twitter.com/G8srJkbu5S — Big Boi (@BigBoi) July 15, 2015
Because we know you want to, you can sign the petition yourself below.
Edward Grazda lived in a cheap loft on Bleecker Street when he began a career as a photographer. It was a different New York then, when rent was only $250 a month and the city streets were more of a communal space for characters from all walks of life.
“It's a different world now on the streets of New York,” Grazda told the New York Times last month. “You don't really own the streets. The streets are populated by people you don't know. And they're crowded.” Grazda documented New York from 1970 to 1985, capturing the scrappier side of the city. “People were using the streets and the sidewalk. In those days the streets belonged to the people. Guys could fix their cars on the street. Three-card-monte guys were working the streets. People hung out on the streets. That's all gone.”
The newly published Mean Streets: NYC 1970-1985 by powerHouse Books collects Grazda's black-and-white photos. From the publisher:
Former Gov. Martin O'Malley (D-Md.) is blasting Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's remarks on immigration as "fascist" and "racist."
“When Donald Trump says all Mexicans are rapists and murderers, that's not being a leader, that's not solving problems,” he told the No Labels's Problem Solver Promise conference in Manchester, N.H. via satellite on Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
“There are other adjectives for that — one of them being racist,” the 2016 Democratic presidential candidate continued.
“When Donald Trump says things like, ‘Let's issue an ID card for all Muslim Americans,' that's not bringing people together, that's not solving problems. That's called making a fascist appeal.”
O'Malley and Trump are two of six presidential contenders to take the No Labels problem solver promise, pledging to work across the aisle on at least one of the group's policy initiatives in their first 30 days if elected.
But O'Malley used his speech before the group's conference to criticize Trump's inclusion.
“Quite honestly, I think you are watering down and dumbing down your problem solver label when you bestow it on someone like Donald Trump,” he said.
He added that Trump is out of touch with young voters.
“When I talk to Americans all across the country under 30, you don't see them wanting to slam America's door in the face of Syrian refugees fleeing genocide,” O'Malley said.
“You don't see young Americans wanting to bash new American immigrants like Donald Trump and you don't see young people wanting to deny rights to gay couples or their kids.”
The other candidates who have joined in the No Labels pledge are Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Govs. Chris Christie (R-N.J.) and John Kasich (R-Ohio) and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, a Republican.
The Problem Solver pledge states that candidates will achieve one of four goals during their first month as president: trying to create 20 million jobs over the next 10 years, secure Social Security and Medicaid for the next 75 years, balance the federal budget by 2030 or make America energy secure by 2024.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Over the years, I've ended up on mailing lists for a variety of liberal and conservative organizations. These are folks who want my money, and I've long been intrigued by the difference between the two.
There is, of course, hyperbole on both sides. Liberal pitches, for example, occasionally imply that Republicans want to forcibly impregnate every woman in America or allow Goldman Sachs to run the Treasury Department. But this is the exception, not the rule, and even where there is hyperbole, it's at least firmly grounded in a genuine, concrete issue of some kind. Republicans really would ban abortion if they had the power, and Wall Street really does have way too much influence on American economic policy.
But right-wing pitches are altogether different. I'll grant you that the stuff I get from official outlets like, say, the National Republican Senatorial Committee, tends to be (barely) on the sane side of things. But by far, most of the mail is from conservative groups that are just flat-out nuts. The United Nations is going to herd us all into urban concentration camps. George Soros plans to destroy the dollar. Obama is turning America into a slave state. The Army will be deputized to go house-to-house searching for guns as soon as Inauguration Day is safely past. Under Obamacare people with the wrong political attitudes will be denied the right to see a doctor. This stuff is simply endless.
Why? Andrew Sullivan links today to a Baffler piece by Rick Perlstein that I missed when it first came out, in which he walks us through the story of right-wing fundraising. It is, he says, a toxic blend of standard come-ons (get-rich-quick schemes, miracle cures suppressed by “the elites,” etc.) and political come-ons (send money now to prevent the UN takeover of America):
The strategic alliance of snake-oil vendors and conservative true believers points up evidence of another successful long march, of tactics designed to corral fleeceable multitudes all in one place—and the formation of a cast of mind that makes it hard for either them or us to discern where the ideological con ended and the money con began. …But the New Right's business model was dishonest in more than its revenue structure. Its very message—the alarmist vision of White Protestant Civilization Besieged that propelled fundraising pitch after fundraising pitch—was confabulatory too…And, in an intersection that is utterly crucial, this same theology of fear is how a certain sort of commercial appeal—a snake-oil-selling one—works as well. This is where the retail political lying practiced by Romney links up with the universe in which 23-cent miracle cures exist (absent the hero's intervention) just out of reach, thanks to the conspiracy of some powerful cabal—a cabal that, wouldn't you know it in these late-model hustles, perfectly resembles the ur-villain of the conservative mind: liberals. In this respect, it's not really useful, or possible, to specify a break point where the money game ends and the ideological one begins. They are two facets of the same coin—where the con selling 23-cent miracle cures for heart disease inches inexorably into the one selling miniscule marginal tax rates as the miracle cure for the nation itself. The proof is in the pitches—the come-ons in which the ideological and the transactional share the exact same vocabulary, moral claims, and cast of heroes and villains.
Rick is suggesting that rank-and-file conservatives simply have a cast of mind that makes them vulnerable to scary, conspiracy-minded sales pitches, and it doesn't matter much whether the sales pitch is for an investment opportunity to save you from the destruction of the dollar or a political opportunity to save America from the depradations of the UN. And this certainly fits what we know about brain science and ideology: People with a more fearful cast of mind tend to be political conservatives, while people with a more open cast of mind tend to be political liberals.
This explains the fear-based nature of most conservative appeals, but it still doesn't really explain why so many of those appeals are completely batty. Isn't it possible to scare people with (relatively speaking) plausible scenarios? The UN doesn't want to herd us all into cities, but liberals do want to make gasoline more expensive. (It's true! We do!) Likewise, nobody's going to confiscate your guns, but there are plenty of liberals who do want to pass an assault weapons ban.
So why the endlessly apocalyptic tone? Is the real stuff simply not scary enough to be effective? Or have conservatives gotten caught up in an arms race that long ago got out of control? What's the deal here?
The first question for Rob Ford is a no-brainer: “Why are you always in trouble?”
That's for starters. Wait until we get into his life story. One feels the need for Tolstoy.
What other city councillor carries such colourful baggage into the race for mayor? In 2006, security guards turfed him from a Leafs game at the ACC, after Ford, moist and garrulous by his own admission, berated some poor couple. In 2008, prosecutors charged him with assault after an incident with his wife, Renata, at their Etobicoke home. Charges were dropped, but Ford left an impression, standing with his 3-year-old daughter in his arms, teaching her to say, “No comment.”
He's right about how he's doing. It's been interesting since Ford, 40, declared his candidacy in late March. A Toronto Star-Angus Reid poll a week ago pegged his support at 27 percent of decided voters, only seven points behind long-time campaigner George Smitherman. The left's Joe Pantalone had 14 percent, with the right's Rocco Rossi a point behind. Admittedly, it's a small, early sample, with 51 percent undecided.
“Look, I think it's comical because it's just not true. There's no politician down there who works harder for their constituents than I do and I watch the taxpayers' money. I guess that's why I'm doing good in the mayor's race so far and why I've been elected with 70 percent of the vote in my riding.”
“I'm not always in trouble. Why would you say that?” he asks coyly.
He throws back his big blond head and guffaws, an odd pose, given he's practically got no neck. He's all shoulders and football player bulk, 285 pounds on a 5'10” frame.
So why is Ford laughing at the opening question?
Could Robbie Buffoon have the last laugh on election day?
Still, could Ford's early numbers be a sign Tea Party politics — the kind that lu-uves Sarah Palin — are drifting northward to Canada's largest city and making sense to voters weary of a left-wing mayor's record?
“Since he came late into the race, he's surprised people. He's handled himself very well, almost demure, when people expect him to flail and scream,” says Jodi Shanoff, senior vice-president, Angus Reid Public Opinion.
“The poll is a reaction to the clarity with which he entered the race and staked out a claim to the right end of the spectrum. Rossi, not as clearly. . . . I'm curious, but it's a long, long road before Rob Ford can think of himself as mayor of Toronto.”
Ford's the guy who pays his own office expenses and wants to put city spending under the microscope. Get rid of $60 car registration fees. “What are we, the ministry of transport?”
He delights in describing councillors with bloated budgets, who eat in fancy restaurants, ride in big limousines and bop around the world. “If you want to go on vacation, use your own money.”
Frankly, it's refreshing for a reporter to listen to a politician who actually knows something about bedbugs in Toronto public housing, and gets flushed-in-the-face angry/
“They call me a buffoon and, if watching taxpayers' money and standing up and making sure councillors are accountable, well, sure . . . maybe I am,” he says. “I can't help it if councillors don't like me.”
He talks to the Star on a recent Thursday at Deco Labels & Tags, the Etobicoke company co-founded by his late father, Douglas Ford. He's chief financial officer and offers a proud tour of a wholly family-owned operation that employs 250 in Toronto, Chicago and New Jersey and does close to $100 million in annual sales.
We're in an office with a framed photo of his father, former offensive guard for the East York Argos, business leader, philanthropist, Conservative MPP in the Mike Harris government and, to his youngest son, an idol. His dad grew up dirt-poor in the east end, the youngest of nine, leaving school in Grade 5 to help his mother, known to the grandkids as “Big Nana.”
“My mom says I'm the spitting image of my dad,” says Ford, beaming. Douglas and Diane Ford had three other children: Kathy; Doug, who runs the Chicago operation and his brother's campaign; and Randy, who runs Deco in Toronto.
Ford can't get over his dad's death. On July 1, 2006, he announced he had colon cancer. He was dead within three months, at 73. Ford calls it “the worst experience I've ever gone through.”
“What did he ever do to anyone? It was so sad to see someone who helped out so many people — he donated millions to the poorest of the poor — have to suffer and die like that. He was just gasping at the end. If you've ever heard a death rattle, it's a ghastly affair.”
A long pause.
“Oh man. It's rough. Terrible. It makes me upset when I think about it.”
Ford is still seething: “He could have lived a lot longer. There was nothing wrong, you know. . . . All his friends (are) still alive. They're all 75, like my mom. He just got gypped 10 years and I don't know why.
“He's the last guy who deserved to go through what he went through . . . he taught Sunday school . . . There are hardened criminals, murderers, that don't suffer like he suffered . . . . But, like you said, life's not fair . . . I just can't figure it out.”
This family is, to say the least, interesting.
“Like my dad said, ‘Many are called, few are chosen.' It's on his tombstone. The Ford family was chosen,” he says.
In a manner of speaking, perhaps.
“Our family has been through everything — from murder to drugs to being successful in business,” he says. “We've dealt with the very, very poor and the worst, worst tragedies . . . nobody can tell me a story that can shock.”
He talks about his sister, complaining, “the media never got it straight.”
How's this for an explanation: “The killer wasn't her ex-husband, it was an old boyfriend.”
As Ford tells it, Kathy Ford's first boyfriend was Mike, before she married Jeff and had a daughter.
After divorcing Jeff, she lived six years with Ennio, bearing a son. She left Ennio and went back to Mike, and they rented a cottage up north.
Ford: In 1998, “from what I was told (by the kids), Ennio knocked on the cottage door and Mike answered it and Ennio shot him in the head” with a sawed-off shotgun. Charges were laid; Ennio went to prison for manslaughter.
In 2005, Ford says someone else “shot the top of her head off.” Press reports suggest it was an accident; two men were charged with firearms-related offences.
She's functioning well, he says, living with her two children and on methadone for her heroin addiction.
“Bizarre, yeah, it's really bizarre,” he says. “We all backed Kathy 100 percent; maybe what she was doing was wrong, but you don't just throw people out into the street for doing the wrong stuff.”
And that thing with his wife?
“Nothing happened. My wife got mad at me. She made an allegation that wasn't true and the charges never even got to court . . . I've never laid a hand on a woman in my life. Rule No. 1 in the Ford family: You never touch a woman.”
Other incidents seem muddier.
Did he tell a couple at the Air Canada Centre that the wife should “go to Iran and get raped and shot?” He says he didn't, but doesn't clarify. In a letter to city hall, they claimed he did. He apologized.
“That was just stupidity. I feel terrible about it. My wife and I had a little bit too much to drink . . . I made a mistake that will never happen again.”
A Carleton University political science student who left university two credits short of graduating to help his sister with her personal problems, (and former centre for the Ravens football team), he estimates he's made 10,000 home visits in his 10 years on council.
Ford is itching to get at the Toronto Community Housing Corporation. “They treat people worse like animals . . . There needs to be a good cleaning at TCHC, and I'm the one to do it.”
Rexdale resident Angela Wilson says of her councillor: “He always cares, he listens and looks after things. He's a good person and he'd be a great mayor.”
Critics roll their eyes.
“I don't believe city council would follow Rob Ford,” says Toronto-Centre-Rosedale's Kyle Rae. “He's not informed, he doesn't read the agenda, doesn't read reports . . . a buffoon.”
Rae points to an Easter Monday 10 p.m. call to his office from Ford that had his staff giggling. In a slow voice, Ford asks for support. Rae: “Sounds like he just woke up or is under the influence.”
More guffaws from Ford. “I wasn't drunk and I haven't smoked pot in 25 years . . . You call every councillor and MPP twice, and see how you sound.”
Listen to Ford's late night appeal for political support from Kyle Rae at thestar.com.
Do You Have Morgellons? "Red Wine Spit Test"
How Can You Tell if You Have Morgellons?
As shocking as it may seem, nearly every human on earth has already been exposed to Morgellons disease. Even though you apparently have no symptoms, you can tell for sure by doing a simple test;
Take the ‘Red Wine Spit Test' A Natural Medicine Approach, by Gwen Scott N.D.)
Materials and Procedure
Materials:
Plastic bathroom cups.
3% H2O2 (Hydrogen Peroxide)
Merlot Red Wine (use approx a $10 bottle)
Measuring spoons
Toothbrush/toothpaste
Watch or clock
Procedure:
1) Brush teeth very well.
2) Rinse mouth with water thoroughly.
3) Mix 2tsp (10mL) of Merlot Red Wine with 1 teaspoon (5mL) Hydrogen Peroxide in a plastic cup.
4) Use the red wine / peroxide solution as a mouth rinse; Rinse mouth vigorously with the wine/peroxide solution for exactly five minutes. Make sure to swish it in your cheeks and gums, etc for the full 5 minutes.
5) Now spit all the rinse into a bathroom cup.
6) Carefully examine the rinse for fibers. They are invariably present, and should look somewhat like wet chewing tobacco. Prepare to be shocked and upset. These are components of nanotech pathogens which we have all been infected with, most likely via chemtrails.
Optional:
7) You can add 91% or higher IPA (Isopropyl Alcohol) to the precipitated fibers to remove the red pigment caused by the wine. The fibers generally float like a jellyfish on top of the IPA.
The pathogenic forms under investigation are “repeatedly showing up in the general population,” regardless of whether certain “skin anomalies” are present or not. The segregation of only certain individuals as having the “Morgellons” condition is COMPLETELY AND TOTALLY FALSE; THE GENERAL POPULATION IS INVOLVED WHETHER THEY WOULD LIKE TO KNOW OF IT OR NOT. The pathogens found have now been discovered repeatedly across all major body systems and functions, including skin, blood, hair, saliva, dental(gum), digestive, ear and urinary samples.
_____________________________________________________________________________________
Although some patients did find clinicians willing to help them, many patients reported feeling abandoned by physicians unwilling to investigate their illness. These patients tried valiantly to find a modicum of relief in the face of an otherwise ineffective medical system and doctors who simply knew nothing about Morgellons and are unwilling to really “look” at the symptoms. Morgellons victims usually receive no relief from the symptoms while their wallets are emptied for doctor's visits and pharmaceutical drugs that are ineffective. There are no known lab tests for Morgellons
_____________________________________________________________________________________
Now that you have discovered that you absolutely do have Morgellons…
What is your way out of this nightmare? The only known effective treatment is NutraSilver, a natural mineral that eliminates Morgellons symptoms in a few short weeks. If you follow the instructions provided, you should expect your cognitive issues to be resolved and your lesions, if you have them yet, to dry up and fall off in about 3 weeks.
Stop your suffering now. Click on ‘order information' and begin your journey back to who you really are, without Morgellons in your life.
Чиновники подготовили комплекс поправок в законы «О связи» и «Об информации», цель которых — установление полного контроля государства над российским сегментом интернета, сообщают «Ведомости»
Минкомсвязи работает над законопроектом под предварительным названием «Об автономной системе интернет», пишут «Ведомости» со ссылкой на анонимные источники на телекоммуникационном рынке и подтверждение этой информации человеком, близким к министерству. Цель документа — полностью подчинить рунет государству; он представляет собой комплекс поправок в законы «О связи» и «Об информации». Этот проект находится на начальной стадии разработки.
Под российским сегментом интернета подразумевается «совокупность расположенных в стране линий и узлов связи, центров обработки данных, обеспечивающих работу рунета». Документ вводит и новое определение «автономной системы»: «Это набор средств связи с других технических средств с уникальным номером, пропуск трафика между которыми осуществляется по единым правилам».
«Если проект станет законом, то регулирование всех критических элементов инфраструктуры рунета станет исключительным правом государства. Управлять рунетом будет федеральный орган исполнительной власти в соответствии с законом ''О контрактной системе в сфере закупок товаров, работ, услуг для государственных и муниципальных нужд''. Этот орган будет заключать отдельный контракт на управление рунетом и контракт на функционирование критических элементов сети. Такие контракты будут заключаться с национальным администратором доменов (сейчас эту функцию выполняет Координационный центр национального домена сети интернет, КЦ), с операторами критических элементов сети», — сообщает газета.
По данным издания, чиновники собираются пресечь практику шифрования информации: «Также проект предлагает обеспечивать безопасность государства при создании информационных систем с помощью использования отечественных алгоритмов шифрования и национального корневого удостоверяющего центра, следует из текста поправок. Ранее руководитель Роскомнадзора Александр Жаров говорил, что чиновники очень озабочены тем, что значительная доля трафика в рунете зашифрована, и это плохо с точки зрения противодействия экстремизму и терроризму. Жаров также рассказывал, что возможность регулирования шифрованного трафика в рунете обсуждается рабочей группой при Национальном антитеррористическом комитете (НАК)».
Полный текст статьи «Чиновники хотят подчинить себе весь российский интернет» читайте здесь.
Anderson Silva, as famous in his native Brazil as Pele, drops his fists, sticks out his chin and goads his young American challenger, Chris Weidman, to take a swing. It's showmanship at its brashest, it's impudent and it's disrespectful. This is the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) in the MGM Grand Arena, Las Vegas – and the crowd is lapping it up.
Sadly for Silva, and for his army of adoring, Brazil-flag-waving fans who have travelled to Nevada to cheer him on, his 38-year-old reactions let him down and the younger Weidman lands a punch square on the belt-holder's jutting jaw. The crack can be heard above the din and Silva falls like an oak – knocked clean out. But that's not the end of it: Weidman jumps onto his unconscious opponent and lands two more blows before the referee steps in.
The Brazilian half of the crowd falls silent in disbelief. Silva had been hitherto unbeaten, the "Mike Tyson of our sport right now", as Dana White, the president of UFC, described him before the bout.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
The home contingent, however, is going crazy: UFC has a new champion and hero. Weidman has just become box-office gold.
UFC is the biggest proponent of mixed martial arts (MMA) in the world. Created in 1993 with the goal of determining which is the most effective martial art – boxing, jiu-jitsu, kick-boxing, wrestling, karate, even sumo – UFC stages its bouts in an octagon-shaped cage so that fighters can use the fences to facilitate their moves.
In its infancy, it marketed itself with the tagline "There are no rules", and its violent nature drew much criticism. Labelled "human cock-fighting" by the American senator John McCain, it was regarded as an underground movement. "When I first saw it, I thought it was a bit crazy," Norman Parke, a UFC fighter from Northern Ireland (and one of 16 from the UK and Ireland in the sport) tells me in Vegas the day before his bout. "I thought, 'I don't want to be doing this.'"
At first, anything (except biting, eye-gouging and groin strikes) was allowed in the ring, but over time, and as UFC has fought to gain acceptance across America and overseas, the rules have evolved (it now has 32) and it has sought to shed the worst of the "cage-fighting" connotations. Head-butting, groin strikes, kicking an opponent in the head when they are down, all have been outlawed, while open-fingered gloves are now mandatory, to reduce injury.
With these changes, and the sport's emergence into the mainstream, standards have strengthened, its popularity has soared, and the purses for fights have improved. If a combatant is to be successful, they now need a combination of martial arts in their armoury rather than relying on one. To this end, fighters are allowed up to 10 coaches to teach them different techniques. The route taken by Parke, a 26-year-old from County Antrim now targeting a title fight, is typical of most fighters in UFC: as an Irish freestyle wrestling champion, he was a specialist in one of k the disciplines required, then learnt other skills on moving to the States to take up MMA.
Tickets for fights are snapped up instantly in the US. At the MGM Grand for the Silva-Weidman fight, just over 10,000 were sold at prices ranging from $125 in the gods to $1,200 in the VIP areas, bringing in gate receipts of just under $5m. Bouts are also shown on pay-per-view for $60 a night, after a seven-year, $100m deal was secured with Fox TV last year.
Which all means it's big business. Big business indeed. UFC claims to be the world's fastest-growing sport, which is no small brag: broadcast to nearly 800 million households in 28 different languages in more than 145 countries, it is already the world's biggest pay-per-view event provider. Popular across the US and South America, UFC sees the Japanese market as potentially lucrative, and expects to expand ever more into the UK, where many fight nights have already been staged at venues such as the O2 – where it sold out – and the MEN Arena. BT Sport, the new channel that launched on 1 August, will dedicate a weekly magazine programme to the sport, as well as presenting live action.
"I've been working on increasing UFC's exposure in the UK since 2002," says White, the 43-year-old straight-talking American entrepreneur behind the movement. "It's a very important market to us. We are definitely fighting the fight there – and every other country."
Garry Cook, the former Manchester City Football Club chief executive, is head of spreading the UFC word across Europe and its next stop in this country is Manchester, in October. "UFC is a pure product," Cook told The Independent earlier this year. "We have an audience, drama, unpredictability. No one is pretending to the consumer."
This is where the sport differs from WWE, the fake wrestling so popular across the US. The athleticism required in MMA is immense. "I'm more of an athlete than a lot of professional athletes," says the American fighter Cub Swanson, who credits the disciplines he's learnt through MMA with saving his life, after he spent his youth drifting in and out of various juvenile detention centres. "It's in the way I diet, the training I do, the way I conduct myself." The action is real, unscripted and brutal as a result. Rounds are a shattering five minutes long and there are five of them in a title fight, with three in bouts on the undercard. There is also razzmatazz aplenty, hype, hyperbole and ring girls between rounds.
The UFC marketing machine is well-oiled and moving in the right direction. And its exponents believe boxing could learn a thing or two from this upstart sport, not just in terms of glamour, but in action, too. There is none of the avoidance between leading protagonists that dogs boxing, because White controls who, of his 400 fighters across the globe, fights who. He also monitors the quality of the bouts closely so that fans get value for money. Thus, the best k fighters meet in the title bouts because White arranges it that way. There are eight weight divisions, categories familiar to boxing fans, and most nights finish with a title fight – failing that, it will be a local fighter of interest or a headline act.
"People have a lot of options for things to do on a Saturday night," says White. "If we get a show with a bunch of guys who just want to stand there and push up against the fence for 15 minutes and try to squeak out a win, how many people are going to want to tune in the next Saturday night? And if that keeps continuing, you become boxing, where guys are running around in circles and nobody fights. And the fan walks away going, 'That fight sucked.'"
While boxing figures in this country are growing in terms of participation and viewing, the former welterweight champion Ricky Hatton is on record as saying that his sport needs to be wary of UFC and its high entertainment value.
The level of entertainment is no mere serendipity: to ensure each minute of each round of each bout is exciting, UFC fighters get bonuses for finishing a fight early. "It's a huge incentive," says Cub Swanson. "It can be more than we make from the actual fight, and it gives the fans the sort of fight they want to see; we go for it.
"It's a more complete sport than boxing," he adds. "If you're talking about just hands, boxers are the masters, but fighting? That's MMA."
"It's a better spectator sport than boxing," agrees Mark Munoz, another American fighter, "because there are a lot more ways to win and a lot more action. It's exciting to see what techniques people will bring out: Superman punches, flying kicks off the fence, flying upper-cuts. That's exciting! Spectators love that."
Although cagey about the exact sums fighters take home, UFC states that it has made 10 millionaires. And as Weidman pointed out before his title fight, "Win on Saturday night and it will be a life-changer for me and my family." He reportedly earnt $50,000 for his victory and – other than superstar Silva, who earnt $600,000 that night, despite his defeat – the rest of the fighters on the Vegas card made between $10,000 and $90,000, depending on who they beat and how they beat them. Of course, that pales against boxing (undefeated in 44 fights, Floyd Mayweather Jr has made more millionaires with the purses he's paid to boxers he's beaten), but it's not to be sniffed at for one night's work.
Despite the surge in popularity and profile, however, UFC remains controversial in some quarters, and it is not yet accepted in every state: it remains banned, for instance, in New York. This is, perhaps, understandable: while not necessarily a desirable spectacle, bending limbs until there is a submission is commonplace. But perhaps the most contentious element is choking – cutting off the air supply to the brain until an opponent taps in submission, or simply passes out, whereupon the grip is released, the oxygen returns and the fighter regains consciousness. "Some guys don't tap out because they don't know where their pride is," says Parke. "You just go really light-headed, pass out and then… pop, you come back round again. But it's part of the game. It's a way to win." The "ground and pound" technique, which sees a fighter trap another's arms on the canvas and then land a succession of punches, has also been criticised.
But White dismisses such concerns. "One little thing happens and everyone wants to ban this, ban that. I don't want to get too political," he adds, "but it's like when something horrible happens with guns and everyone's like, 'Let's get rid of guns.' Then Boston [the bombings at the marathon] happens. No guns involved. If people want to hurt each other, they'll find a way. People like to label something and attack it."
Roger Gracie, a Brazilian jiu-jitsu fighter based in England, is insistent that MMA is less dangerous than rugby union or American football, and to date the worst injury suffered by a UFC fighter is a broken leg. "In MMA, you get cuts and bruises and a black eye, but they heal. It's superficial. Look at how many injuries rugby players and [American] football players have. They run and bang heads. That can cause brain damage. Their bodies are a mess. Look at rugby players' faces, their ears…"
"People who don't know about MMA say it's barbaric," adds Parke. "They think we're a bunch of animals. A bunch of hillbillies. I've been in this game 10 years and I find that really disrespectful. We are professional athletes and this is going to be the number-one sport in the world."
That's debatable – what's not is that the UFC bandwagon will roll on, spreading the hoopla and the hype, packing the punches and, perhaps most importantly, packing them in.
For ticket details for UFC in Manchester in October, visit ufc.com
Keep up to date with all the latest news with expert comment and analysis from our award-winning writers
Charles Carpenter, 23, was arrested at the scene of the crash and charged with aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, police said. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Gwynne Hogan
EAST WILLIAMSBURG — Police are investigating why a dump truck driver was illegally traveling on Bushwick Avenue when he ran over and critically injured a cyclist on Tuesday afternoon, officials said.
The driver, Charles Carpenter, 23, whose license was suspended at the time of the accident, was turning right onto Grand Street from Bushwick Avenue about 2:30 p.m. when he struck the 31-year-old biker, police said.
While Grand Street is an east-west truck route, commercial trucks are not supposed to drive on Bushwick Avenue, unless they're making local deliveries, according to the Deputy Inspector William Gardner, the commanding officer of the 90th Precinct.
Carpenter, who was was driving a yellow dump truck owned by L&Y Enterprises, LLC, was arrested at the scene for driving with a suspended license, Gardner said.
There are two approved north-south routes in East Williamsburg — Union Avenue and Morgan Avenue — according to the city's interactive truck route map.
The intersection where the crash occurred is a busy corner with an L train station, two bus stops, and the Grand Street Campus High School where hundreds of students come and go each day.
Workers at L&Y Enterprises didn't return a request for comment immediately. The New Jersey Department of Motor Vehicles couldn't immediately provide information on why Carpenter's license was suspended.
The cyclist's legs were run over by the truck, according to police at the scene, and he was expected to survive the crash, according to man's roommate John Miller, 32, who visited with him in the hospital late Tuesday evening.
For more than a year, transportation advocates have been pushing for a redesign of Grand Street to make it safer for cyclists and pedestrians.
Three people have died on the street since 2016 — pedestrians Dominica Gonzalez, 71 and Rafael Neives, 85, and 35-year-old cyclist Matthew von Ohlen.
In the wake of the fatalities, the city's Department of Transportation promised to come up with a "safety action plan" for the street by the spring of 2017, DNAinfo reported. No plan has yet been released.
Tuesday's crash reinvigorated calls for the city to come up with a plan.
The Department of Transportation didn't return a request for comment immediately.
Tammy Morey woke up one morning last spring to find itchy welts lined up on her arm. Soon, they appeared on the back of her neck and legs, spawning an itch so fierce she couldn't sleep.
A few weeks ago, the bumps appeared again on her arm, and after a walk by the cranberry bog near her home in Carver, Morey found herself in an agony of itching.
“It's like the itchiest thing,” she said. “Worse than poison ivy. Worse than mosquito bites. . . . I can go into a fit of scratching like a madwoman.”
Advertisement
Any number of irritants can cause a rash like that, but Morey's doctor thought the likely culprit was gypsy moth caterpillars, newly abundant in the region. These bugs don't bite, but their tiny hairs can trigger an allergic reaction, providing yet another reason to hate the invasive critters, which are just starting to munch on tree leaves and pepper backyard decks with droppings.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Gypsy moth rashes were first documented in the early 1980s, during the last major infestation in the Northeast. About 10 percent of the people who lived in high-infestation areas were affected by the rash, which does no harm and disappears without leaving any scars.
“No treatment is necessary unless people are uncomfortable from the itch,” said Dr. Daniela Kroshinsky, director of inpatient and pediatric dermatology at Massachusetts General Hospital. Most people can ease the itch with over-the-counter antiitch creams or an antihistamine, she said.
But Morey, a 43-year-old bartender and mother of three, is so sensitive and suffered so severely that her doctor prescribed a steroid to quiet her body's overreaction.
Tammy Morey Plymouth resident Tammy Morey received a rash on her arm from gypsy moth caterpillars.
“People laugh at me because I make such a big deal, but they have no idea what it's like,” Morey said. Her husband, meanwhile, works in the cranberry bog all day and comes home rash-free.
Advertisement
As a joke, because her friends were ribbing her, Morey started a Facebook group called “Gypsy Moth Rash Support of Greater Plymouth Area.” But Facebook users took it seriously and soon started sharing photos of rashes and advice on itch relief.
The rash from gypsy moths is no different from any other rash caused by allergens or irritants, said Dr. Peter Young, a dermatologist at Atrius Health's Harvard Vanguard office in Quincy. Gypsy moths are suspected because the rashes are showing up when the caterpillars are plentiful. Other caterpillars could be responsible, but the rashes are appearing just as gypsy moths have hatched and begun crawling.
Young saw several cases last year, and this year “it's only a matter of time,” he said.
People can be exposed even if the caterpillar doesn't come into contact with their skin, Young said. Their hairs can waft in on spring breezes and land on the skin or on clothing left out to dry.
In most places around the state, gypsy moth caterpillars have hatched and started spinning the silk threads they use to swing to leafy branches. But they are still tiny and won't get big enough to do major damage until next month.
Advertisement
“We haven't seen any major defoliation yet,” said Ken Gooch, forest health program director for the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Last year, gypsy moths chewed the leaves off 350,000 acres of forest, mostly in Central Massachusetts and on the South Shore and Cape Cod, Gooch said. Combined with three years of drought, the stress cost many trees their lives. The drought also played a role in the moths' ascendance: A fungus that was introduced accidentally from Japan in 1989 has kept gypsy moths in check for years but couldn't grow in the recent dryness.
But this spring's cool, wet weather gives hope the worst may soon be over. “We believe that this could be the last bad year of defoliation,” Gooch said. “The tide is turning.”
Joseph S. Elkinton, an entomology professor at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, agreed. “There is no question the fungus will come back. It will probably come back big time,” he said. “The big question is, will it come back before we get a lot of defoliation?”
Meanwhile, to protect trees, Gooch recommends that homeowners hire a licensed arborist to spray with a biologic pesticide that won't kill birds or bees.
While caterpillars are attracting attention, another tiny woodland creature is also quietly emerging this month — and the rash this one causes should not be ignored. The minuscule deer ticks that transmit Lyme disease are in their peak season, and they thrive in dampness.
When a tick transmits Lyme disease, the bacteria often (although not always) produce an expanding red rash. Sometimes, the rash appears in concentric rings, the telltale bull's-eye. But often it is simply a flat red patch, rarely itchy or painful, that grows over days or weeks.
Such a rash warrants a trip to the doctor. Lyme disease is easier to treat the sooner it is detected, and the distinctive rash is an important sign of infection. Other early symptoms are fever, chills, headache, fatigue, muscle and joint aches, and swollen lymph nodes.
Felice J. Freyer can be reached at felice.freyer@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @felicejfreyer
Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Dwight Ball has been granted an interim injunction prohibiting CBC News from publishing a story about documents entered as an exhibit at the Brandon Phillips first-degree murder trial.
That exhibit was never provided to the jury, which began deliberating Tuesday afternoon.
There is a publication ban on the details of the premier's application, which was filed Monday.
In addition to the CBC, it also names "all other media outlets" as respondents.
Supreme Court of Newfoundland and Labrador Chief Justice Raymond Whalen granted the order after a hearing that kept the court open nearly an hour past its usual closing time Monday evening.
The matter is scheduled to be back in court on Dec. 19.
Peter O'Flaherty, the lawyer for Ball, issued a statement to the news media Tuesday evening.
"In October 2015, Dwight Ball, as a private citizen, provided information of his own accord to the police regarding a homicide," O'Flaherty said.
"He recognizes that as a public figure his actions in assisting the police in 2015 are now arguably a matter of public interest. But as a father, he has acted to protect the privacy of an innocent person. You will appreciate that he cannot comment on this matter while it is before the courts."
Botched 2015-armed robbery
Phillips, now 29, was charged with first-degree murder in October 2015, in connection with a botched holdup at the Captain's Quarters hotel in downtown St. John's.
At the time, Phillips was the boyfriend of Jade Ball, the premier's daughter.
During testimony in open court on Nov. 22, it emerged that Phillips and Jade Ball were watched by members of the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary's surveillance unit for days after the fatal shooting. Jade Ball was not accused of wrongdoing.
That surveillance took police to the Tiffany, a building on Tiffany Lane in St. John's where Dwight Ball has an apartment, in October 2015.
At the time, Dwight Ball was not premier, but was just weeks away from the election that swept him into the province's top political job.
Phillips's first-degree murder trial began four weeks ago.
What is a racing line? The simplest is a constant radius curve that uses every inch of the road.
I wanted to explain a bit about this to follow on from the posts about Michael Schumacher as I discussed his approach to learning more about his trade. Imagine a 90-degree corner has a 7 unit radius (middle of corner) and is 2 units wide. A car that uses 20% of track width can take an 11.5 unit constant cornering radius. Clearly, that is going to be much faster than operating in the middle of the road. Just to put numbers on it, and ignoring downforce, if you could go around the centreline of the road at 95, using all the road allows you to go at 122 (at the same “g-force”). The thing with constant cornering radius is that, if it is at the limit, it will be at virtually constant speed too. There is additional resistance to motion when cornering so, if power is also on the limit, then the car will slow slightly.
Therefore, in this diagram, the braking is short and there is no increase in velocity until the cornering has finished at where the (green) acceleration zone starts. Of course, there is a transition phase between states but, in F1, that is very quick. If you are able to go around a corner flat out, you might want to take a line a bit like this so this line is best for the very highest speeds of corners for your vehicle.
A lot of what a driver has to do is to find the limit of the car all the way around the track and to maximise the average speed he can maintain. A big part of this is using all of the grip available from the vehicle. Braking uses all four wheels and has just the grip limit of the tyres as its limit (virtually). Cornering uses all four wheels as well. However, acceleration is limited both because it is rear wheels only (rules of F1) and because power is limited. Combined cornering with braking and accelerating uses the grip of all 4 wheels – and allows a driver to take advantage of that grip for more time / distance.
For these reasons, getting “on the power” earlier is a good thing to do. It isn't enough just to be using the limit of one particular factor (grip or power for example) at any instant in time you need to maximise the sum of all the units of grip over time and that's not always so intuitive (and certainly isn't easy).
What would make you change a line for a particular corner? When racing you will need to adapt your style to try and overtake another driver of course, but that's too obvious. Subtle differences in racing line – for example halfway between the two diagrams above may be possible for a faster car that is trying to overtake a slower one. It may not be the best line for that corner but might allow a driver to be faster at a certain point in the corner to allow an overtaken.
Mainly, let's say when running alone, the ideal line for a particular corner will depend on the speed you're able to go. If a corner is easy flat then the line becomes less important and, in fact, using a near constant radius may be the best way. How much power you have will also change the ideal racing line around a particular corner – the more power you have the more you will benefit from using the slow-in fast-out approach. A good friend (Ian Wright - see also an update from Ian below) described it as maximising acceleration time – I think that is an even simpler way of expressing it.
From those of you with experience of programming driver-in-the-loop simulators or software lap-time simulations, I'd be very interested to see if you have better ways of explaining these concepts. I stopped work on lap-time simulation in the mid 1990's when I found someone that had written a better code than mine (at Ferrari). We sat and discussed the strengths of each code and I handed over my code for any benefits it may have had and focused on aerodynamics, which was after all my main job.
That man, by the way, is a very special human being. The first Ferrari “employee” that I knew personally who drove a Ferrari while working at Ferrari. How the hell could he afford to do that? He had earned his money early in life. He was “working” for free at the time because he wanted to prove that he could do a better job of writing lap-time simulation than had been done there up to that time. His fee? He got to keep the code for his own use afterwards – just as I did with my coding work. If you know the man concerned, you'll know he's a private person and wants to make it hard for people to find him so I won't make his name public.
I used to scramble (before Motocross) and race motorbikes in Australia before I sat down and thought about racing lines. I won the odd event but fell off a lot. Those who have watched me compete even more recently will know that I haven't changed personality. Enthusiasm and bravery were never a problem – apart from having an excess of both! However, I learned a lot from some old racing heads and applied that to my racing – doing better lap times despite being further from the accident limit. Racing lines make a difference and are worth learning about.
Racing lines I try to follow, but my love of driving sideways didn't always help me to keep it “on the island”. That's me in 1994 at a Prescott hillclimb. I've given up competition now and have time to write posts! :-)
Driver training via a simulator – not as good as the real thing but, despite expense, is cheaper than running a car and MUCH less dangerous. With driver “coaching” increasingly under the spotlight in F1 this becomes an ever more useful tool. A simulator is a good place to learn about racing lines if you can afford to go and take advantage of time in one.
To view my other posts, look here :- https://www.linkedin.com/today/posts/willemtoet1
Back to aerodynamics with the next post, what do you think?
UPDATE - text below from Ian Wright, (Chief Engineer - Driving Simulator Laboratory at Pratt & Miller Engineering). I worked with Ian at BAR/Honda. He stayed there leading the way on using simulations for the understanding of vehicle performance (including competitor comparison analysis) during the Brawn and recent Mercedes times.
"Drivers are experts at optimising the racing line for minimum laptime. To do this during a lap the drivers must to a greater or lesser extent be using the vestibular system to help them judge small differences in accelerations. The sensitivity of their vestibular system and how they can use it to sense small differences will therefore affect their ability to optimise laptime. An example of the small differences that drivers can detect fell out of an analysis project that we conducted at British American Racing in 2000 to help the drivers optimise their gear shift points (engine RPM).
At that time the Honda power curve had a shape that meant that the optimum shift RPM varied from gear to gear so we conducted some simulations with a view to putting lights / audio indications in the car to help the driver with gear shifts if there was laptime to be reduced. The analysis was conducted by putting a simple optimiser around the laptime simulation toolset to create the shift RPM for each gear to give the optimum acceleration on the longest straight at any given circuit. The predictions were then compared to on car logged data for Jacques Villeneuve and Ricardo Zonta. This analysis showed that Jacques Villeneuve consistently shifted gear at exactly the right point, even when the differences in acceleration were minuscule (5th to 6th or 6th to 7th) and would not gain any laptime from having any driver aids in this area. Whereas Ricardo Zonta was inconsistent in his gear shift points and would reduce his laptime with a gearshift aid.
Michael Schumacher's approach makes a lot of sense when you have someone capable of analysing the data and working with additional sensors to improve laptime. Whereas most drivers just do it from their internal vestibular sensor system."
Coordinates:
The Federal Medical Center, Lexington (FMC Lexington) is a United States federal prison in Kentucky for male or female inmates requiring medical or mental health care. It is designated as an administrative facility, which means that it holds inmates of all security classifications. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent minimum-security satellite camp for female inmates.
FMC Lexington is located 7 miles (11 km) north of Lexington and 20 miles (32 km) southeast of Frankfort, the state capital.[1]
History [ edit ]
The site opened on May 15, 1935 on 1,000 acres (400 ha) under the name "United States Narcotic Farm" then changed shortly after to "U.S. Public Health Service Hospital." In 1967, it changed its name again to "National Institute of Mental Health, Clinical Research Center." Its original purpose was to treat people who "voluntarily" were admitted with drug abuse problems and treat them, with mostly experimental treatments; it was the first of its kind in the United States. The 1,050-acre (420 ha) site included a farm where patients would work.[2]
Throughout the life of the institution as a prison/hospital, approximately two-thirds of those sent to the U.S. Public Health Service Hospital were considered volunteers. While many traveled to the institution on their own to volunteer for treatment, other so-called volunteers were in fact motivated to go there in lieu of federal sentencing. The remaining one-third of the prison's population, which reached 1,499 inmates at its peak, were there due to federal charges either directly or indirectly related to drug use.
In 1974, the institution became a federal prison but maintained a "psychiatric hospital" title until 1998, the year 2 inmates killed another with a fire extinguisher. Most psychiatric patients were subsequently moved to other federal medical centers, although the change in mission was due to the psychiatric function being transferred to a new Federal Medical Center in Devens, Massachusetts, and not the homicide.
Literature [ edit ]
Notable inmates (current and former) [ edit ]
Current [ edit ]
Former [ edit ]
† Inmates released from custody prior to 1982 are not listed on the Federal Bureau of Prisons website.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Outgoing Vice President Biden and his wife, Jill, are set to receive a warm welcome they return to Wilmington, Del., on Friday.
Hundreds of Delawareans are expected to greet the Bidens when they arrive in their home state as part of a “welcome home” rally, the News Journal reports.
Biden will attend President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE inauguration Friday morning before leaving Washington via Amtrak.
ADVERTISEMENT
Biden's planned return to Wilmington on Friday will mark the closing of an eight-year stint as vice president and a 36-year career as a U.S. senator.
Outgoing President Obama awarded a tearful Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom last week.
After leaving office on Friday, Biden will work on foreign policy issues at the University of Pennsylvania, and is expected to continue his cancer “moonshot” through an organization called the Biden Trust.
Correction: A previous version of this article misstated the first name of the president of the Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He is Jimmy Hammock, not Johnny Hammock. This version has been corrected.
Marco McMillian, 34, a candidate for mayor of the Mississippi Delta city of Clarksdale, is shown in this undated campaign photograph. McMillan was found dead in February. (REUTERS)
When Marco McMillian decided to move back to his home town and run for mayor, the 33-year-old aspiring candidate knew he needed the blessing of the silver-haired oligarchy that ruled quietly from church pews. It was familiar turf for McMillian, who grew up singing in the choir at New Jerusalem Missionary Baptist Church a half-mile from his small house near the railroad tracks in this grindingly poor city in the Mississippi Delta.
He went to see Bertha Blackburn, an 89-year-old pillar of Metropolitan Baptist Church, laying out his ideas for fixing the schools and creating jobs.
“We thought he was the answer to our prayers,” Blackburn said.
A week and a half after McMillian's body was found in the mud on an isolated stretch of levee outside Clarksdale, his death remains a mystery. It has roiled old suspicions and fears from Mississippi's dark history of racial brutality, although both McMillian and the man charged with his murder are African American. McMillian was also gay, adding fire to demands by civil rights groups for the killing to be investigated as a hate crime. The FBI said this week that it is “monitoring” the investigation.
Hundreds of mourners are expected to attend McMillian's funeral here Saturday, scheduled for 11 a.m. at Coahoma Community College. Hotels are full and florists have been working overtime delivering arrangements, but hovering closely are the questions surrounding McMillian's death.
1 of 10 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Moments in Mississippi's civil rights history View Photos The slaying of a gay candidate for mayor of Clarksdale, Miss., is one of the latest high-profile issues swirling around race, civil rights and the Magnolia State. Here are several others: Caption The slaying of an openly gay candidate for mayor of Clarksdale, Miss., is one of the latest high-profile issues swirling around race, civil rights and the Magnolia State. Here are several others: 1. Emmett Till The slaying of Emmett Till, 14, killed in 1955 while visiting family in Mississippi, was an early catalyst to the civil rights movement. Two men were acquitted of his killing by an all-white jury but later admitted they were responsible. BobDylan.com: The Death of Emmett Till Family photo/via AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The Coahoma County Sheriff's Department has charged Lawrence Reed, 22, in the crime. He told police that he killed McMillian and where to look for the body, according to two people familiar with the investigation who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss its early findings.
Reed's family has yet to address publicly the allegations against him. The sheriff's department has released almost no information on the case, adding to conspiracy theories and guessing over what exactly happened the night McMillian and Reed, who worked at Domino's Pizza, were together.
Carter Womack, McMillian's godfather and a fellow member of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity, said all the family wants is a thorough investigation. “If it was a passing hookup, something bad happened,” Womack said. “The question becomes, how could one person do all this?”
McMillian's cause of death won't be made public for another week, according to Coahoma County Medical Examiner Scotty Meredith, who said the autopsy is complete but toxicology results are pending.
In the wait for answers, the rest of the country tweets and speculates, posting grainy video of Nina Simone singing “Mississippi Goddam”:
Alabama's gotten me so upset
Tennessee made me lose my rest
View Graphic Clarksdale, Mississippi is situated 100 miles east of Little Rock, Ark., and 70 miles south of Memphis, Tenn. The 2010 population was just under 18,000.
And everybody knows about Mississippi Goddam.
Here in Clarksdale, the potency of the symbolism of McMillian's murder is lost on no one, least of all sharecropper's daughter Blackburn.
Blackburn adjusts her hearing aid against the noise. “To me, he was just Marco. He had it all mapped out for the next 50 years,” Blackburn said. The water bottles organizers planned to hand out at a campaign rally, labeled with his picture, are still in her house.
“I have to stay busy not to lose my mind,” Blackburn said. “My husband says, ‘Count peas.' ”
An ambitious homecoming
McMillian's bid for mayor was an audacious move. He had lived away from Clarksdale for 10 years, graduating from Jackson State University, working as the executive assistant to the president at Alabama A&M University and until 2011, serving as the executive director of Phi Beta Sigma, the black fraternal organization headquartered in Washington. The job paid $93,000 a year and allowed him access to the halls of Congress and trips to Nigeria and Japan. He lived on Charles Street in Baltimore. People back home shared the photo of a smiling McMillian standing with President Obama.
Perhaps readying himself for a future in politics, McMillian signed up for every civic organization and nonprofit to which he could attach himself. His resume is stuffed with affiliations: National Young Leaders Conference, NAACP, Arms of Love National Project, Community Bridge Builders. He served on the board of the William E. Doar Jr. Public Charter School for the Performing Arts in Washington. According to Jimmy Hammock, president of Phi Beta Sigma, the fraternity offered McMillian a new three-year contract, but he wanted to start doing consulting work.
He moved back to Clarksdale late last year. Known as the birthplace of the blues, the city of 18,000 has a 38 percent poverty rate. Tourists from around the world pour in to visit Muddy Waters's shack and listen to the music of Pinetop Perkins. But black Clarksdale has existed in a separate realm from the New Bohemian South the city wants to be.
From traveling the world, McMillian moved back in with his mother in the Brickyard neighborhood. He officially entered the mayor's race in January. He was walking house to house, standing in carports, visiting churches.
His sexuality was a detail he left out of the conversations. Still, anyone following him on Twitter would have an idea — “I've decided to be me, like it or not,” he posted.
His campaign photo captured the youthfulness of his vision. There was McMillian standing in a cotton field with folk-art-painted sharecropper shacks behind him, a repudiation of the past.
Disppearance and search
McMillian was commuting to Memphis four days a week, employed by New Leaders, a nonprofit organization that identifies and trains teachers to become principals, but the campaign was occupying more of his time.
McMillian's strange disappearance on Feb. 25 began when he announced to his mother that he was going outside to move some cars. He was supposed to drive to Memphis in the morning. It was around 10 p.m., and his mother, Patricia Unger, a special ed teacher in the Quitman County School District, said she didn't think much of it. An hour later, her husband, Amos, a custodian, noticed that McMillian had not come back inside the house. They said they never saw their son alive again.
Little of what happened that night is known. On Tuesday morning, on a rural highway out near the Tallahatchie County line, McMillian's sport-utility vehicle was involved in a collision with another vehicle. A distraught Lawrence Reed was driving the SUV alone.
It was raining hard Tuesday, a bitter day for a search and a bitter day to be waiting to hear from a missing son. Patricia Unger, who is hearing impaired, learned from law enforcement that a search was underway. She texted everyone she could. Word was getting around Clarksdale, a town so small that government offices close for lunch.
That night an impromptu vigil was at New Jerusalem Missionary Baptist Church. The pastor spoke. Hymns were sung. According to Gale Moore, the choir director, the sheriff called her at the church and asked her to “get on the intercom” and “tell those people that nobody has been found.” Moore had heard the rumblings about McMillian's sexuality. She decided to address the matter at the vigil. “I pray that we all bridle our tongues,” she said.
McMillian's body was found the next morning near the levee between the communities of Sherard and Rena Lara. The spot was completely isolated. A steep embankment of pasture dropped down to the barbed-wire fence that went along the water, and that is where the body was, shoved partway under the wire.
“Our hearts go out to the family and friends of Marco McMillian, one of the 1st viable openly #LGBT candidates in Mississippi,” tweeted the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund, a national political action committee.
It was a bombshell on top of a bombshell. “Openly gay!” said Moore. “Everybody was putting a sign over his head — ‘the first gay mayor' — we did not see him that way. I saw a young man who wanted to use his talent to help Clarksdale.”
Controversy ignited
Coahoma County Medical Examiner Scotty Meredith went to see Unger at her house to have her identify her son. He had a digital photo of the body on his smartphone. He showed it to Unger and her husband, who confirmed it was McMillian. Facing a grieving mother in her living room desperate for more information, Meredith said he relayed information that McMillian's body showed evidence of burn marks, bruising and being dragged.
Three days later, frustrated by a lack of contact with the Coahoma Sheriff's Department, the Ungers released a statement saying McMillian had been “beaten, dragged and burned (set afire),” and that his death could not have been a random act of violence.
“He was set on fire,” said Carter Womack, McMillian's godfather, holding a stack of statements. He was sitting inside McMillian's house with Unger. The living room was immaculate and lifeless. Unger sat quietly on the edge of the couch, listening as Womack outlined their belief of the improbability that McMillian's death was caused by one person.
Unger knew her son was gay, but she wanted to make an important distinction. “It was reported in the news that he told his family he was openly gay,” she said. “He was not.”
In Mississippi, there are few more powerful words than “burned,” “dragged” and “beaten.” They ignited controversy and condemnation.
In an interview in his office in his funeral home in downtown Clarksdale, Meredith said the allegations were “blown way out of proportion.” He said McMillian's body had been “drug,” but for what appears to have been a short distance and by someone carrying him under the arms. The bruising was minimal. Beyond that Meredith would say little, except that the autopsy results would bring more light.
Another house was calling for justice, too. It was a half-mile from McMillian's house, on a street with more potholes, and it was where Reed had been living with friends.
“The rumor going around Clarksdale is that Lawrence killed a man in a hate crime,” said Kamilla Evans, 20.
Reed was from the small farming community of Shelby, outside of Clarksdale, but had been staying with Evans and her boyfriend for the past year. He slept on their couch and kept his clothes in the trunk of his car. He worked at the Domino's nearby.
“He's extremely sensitive,” Evans said. “Lawrence, he walks around a lot. He's always on the phone. I assumed with his girlfriend. His phone ring constantly.”
Reed's girlfriend was in her mid-40s, twice his age, according to Deric Crump, Evans's boyfriend.
Crump said he saw McMillian dropping Reed off once. “Lawrence told me the guy was lost,” Crump said. “They rode around.”
Reed is in jail, awaiting arraignment. His family is in Shelby, a community of 3,000 surrounded by cotton and corn, windswept and isolated. His mother, Lillian, spent the week trying to find an attorney for her son. “He has a mother and a family,” she said. “He's my only son. He wanted to go off and start his life. We gave him some freedom.”
Meanwhile, at McMillian's funeral Saturday, Phi Beta Sigma president Hammock plans to speak, representing the 150,000 members of a fraternity to which George Washington Carver belonged. “Marco was a brother,” said Hammock.
Bertha Blackburn will also be there. “Oh, yes,” said the woman who believed he could help Clarksdale. “Oh, yes.”
Alice Crites and Peter Hermann in Washington contributed to this report.
I always wanted to find out who the best SEO's thought the Best SEO's were, I've asked around and made a list of the top ten. If you don't agree with any of the list, please contact the people on it directly:
10. Seth Godin – He may not call himself an SEO but he sure is – http://sethgodin.typepad.com/
9. Dave Naylor – Load mouth, big balls, lovely bloke, knows everyone, everyone wants to know him. – http://www.davidnaylor.co.uk
8. Ralph & Dirk – AKA Fantomaster.com – These guys revolutionised the industry and have forgotten more than you'll ever know
7. Brett Tabke – Brett built upon Jim's initial work and commercialised it. Commercial intent and capitalism are the underpinings of SEO and for that Brett should be in this list
6. Bob Massa – Being an effective SEO doesn't just mean understanding the algorithm inside it, it also means having the balls to “go for it” darn the consequences. No one has gone for it more in the search engines than Bob when he sued Google – http://searchenginewatch.com/showPage.html?page=2165111 He didn't win but he definately has testicles the size of watermelons!
5. NFFC – He simply is search and if he doesn't know the answer he knows someone that will. Who he is, few know, how to get in contact with him, fewer still know but if you have a large floodlight, can beam an image of Nottingham Forest Football Club's logo into the sky, he may just come to your rescue.
4. Matt Cutts – I feel confident that if the gamekeeper ever turned poacher he'd have more venison that he'd know what to do with
3. Jason Duke – Where do the top SEOs go for help when they don't know? Well know you know!
2. Krishna Bharat – Hilltop, nuf said. A bloody god!!! – http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krishna_Bharat
1. Jim Wilson – Jim was to SEO as the Wright brothers were to flight – http://memorial.jimworld.com/legacy/ He is missed!!
** I've been told that Jim Wilson was rude mean and spiteful to people new to the industry, again, not my opinion, just what I've heard.
I also thought Danny Sullivan, Michael Gray, Greg Boser, Aaron Wall and Todd Friesan deserved a place, they are certainly up there with the best.
Maryland has joined a not-very-exclusive club: States that have moved pension funds into riskier Wall Street investments and received, in return, below-median results. That underperformance by Maryland's $40 billion public pension fund cost state taxpayers more than $1 billion in unrealized returns in fiscal year 2014 alone, according to a new study by Jeffrey Hooke, a former investment banker, and the Maryland Public Policy Institute's John Walters.
The Maryland data lands amid a simmering debate over whether public pension systems should continue moving retiree money into private equity, hedge funds, venture capital firms, real estate. Over recent years, pension officials have shifted more money into these so-called alternative investments, vs. less-risky and less-complex investments with lower fees, like mutual funds and stock index funds.
Last week, the nation's largest public pension system, CalPERS (the California Public Employees' Retirement System), announced its decision to divest from all of its hedge fund holdings, and the nation's sixth-largest pension fund, the Teacher Retirement System of Texas, slashed its hedge fund allocations. Those moves followed legendary investor Warren Buffett urging San Francisco pension officials to avoid investing in alternatives. It also followed revelations that public pension systems in New Jersey, Rhode Island and North Carolina have delivered below-median returns after making major investments in alternatives.
In Maryland, officials have pushed to increase the pension system's alternative-investment portfolio. Bloomberg News reported in 2013 that the state "increased its holdings in private equity, hedge funds and real estate to about 29 percent of its portfolio from 14.6 percent in 2008."
According to Walters and Hooke, a former Lehman Brothers executive, that shift coincided with below-median returns for Maryland's public pension system.
"Ironically, as the fund's relative performance has declined, its Wall Street money management fees have risen," the report says. "In fiscal year 2014 alone, the Maryland state pension fund paid out roughly $300 million in fees to Wall Street money managers. Over the past 10 years, these money management fees amounted to over $1.5 billion, according to the fund's annual financial reports. Nevertheless this high-priced advice resulted in 10-year returns that were $3.22 billion (net of fees) below the median."
If the fund had matched median returns for public pension systems across the country, "the state could have awarded 80,000 poor children with $40,000 four-year college scholarships," Hooke and Walters wrote.
Maryland's shift into alternative investments happened while the securities and investment industries made more than $292,000 worth of campaign contributions to Democratic Gov. Martin O'Malley, who appoints some members of the Maryland pension system's board of trustees. Vice News has reported that the Private Equity Growth Capital Group is a financial backer of a 501(c)4 group co-founded by O'Malley. In May, Pensions and Investments magazine reported that the Maryland governor appointed a managing director of an alternative investment firm called The Rock Creek Group to head a state task force on retirement policy. Meanwhile, the chief investment officer of Maryland's pension system was recently appointed to a senior position in the U.S. Treasury Department overseeing public pension policy.
In 2013, Republican State Delegate Steve Schuh pushed legislation to reduce the state's investments in alternatives, but the bill did not pass the state legislature.
Hooke has testified before the legislature in support of putting more pension money into low-fee stock index funds.
"Eliminating active managers, selling alternative investments, and adopting indexing for 90 percent of the state's portfolio would ensure median performance," his report concludes. "These actions would also save the state huge amounts in money management fees."
LONDON: When anthropologist Kameel Ahmady began investigating female genital mutilation (FGM) in his native Iran he had no idea his own mother and sister had been cut ─ a reflection of just how shrouded in secrecy the practice is.
Ahmady, who was born in Iranian Kurdistan but moved to Britain in his 20s, took global campaigners by surprise this month when he published a study suggesting tens of thousands of Iranian women have undergone FGM.
Until now Iran has not been widely recognised as a country affected by FGM ─ an ancient ritual which is internationally condemned as a serious rights violation.
The practice, which causes physical and psychological damage, is commonly linked to 27 African countries along with Yemen and Iraqi Kurdistan.
But Ahmady's research, based on 4,000 interviews, shows FGM is also performed in “secret pockets” of four Iranian provinces; West Azerbaijan, Kurdistan and Kermanshah in the west and Hormozgan in the south.
The ritual usually involves cutting the clitoris with a knife or razorblade. Some girls are cut as babies, others during childhood.
Parents often believe FGM is a religious requirement and some think it will help preserve their daughters' virginity and therefore the family's honour.
“It needs to be done otherwise a girl would have so much sexual desire it would be scandalous,” one elderly cutter says in a documentary filmed during research.
Ahmady said his study initially provoked denials and insults but the backlash stopped when the BBC's Persian service broadcast the film, triggering debate on Iranian social media.
Last week he was invited to speak at the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva at a session on tackling FGM, which is thought to affect 140 million girls and women worldwide.
Disbelief
Ahmady decided to research FGM after working with aid agencies in Africa where he came across projects to combat the practice. This awoke vague childhood memories that FGM existed in some parts of Iranian Kurdistan, prompting him to conduct preliminary research.
“I was very shocked to discover that my grandmothers, mother and sister had all undergone FGM,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. “That was the trigger ─ the feeling that, God, something really inhuman has happened here.
“I took the initial data back to London but nobody including Unicef really believed me, so I went back to Iran with my camera to shoot a short documentary. The research took off from there.”
His study, conducted over 10 years with the help of female researchers, shows FGM is mostly associated with Sunni Shafi'i Kurds, although a tiny number of Shia Muslims and other Sunni Muslims also practise it.
Prevalence is highest in parts of the south where up to 60 per cent of women in their 30s and 40s have been cut. But outside practising communities very few people in Iran are aware FGM exists.
The report calls on the Iranian government to introduce laws on FGM, develop a national plan to end the practice and incorporate the issue into education and health programmes.
Ahmady believes the government in Shia majority Iran has been loath to act because it perceives FGM as largely a Sunni problem affecting Kurdish regions and doesn't want to interfere for fear of stoking tensions.
“Iran doesn't have a brilliant record when it comes to women's rights and is very worried about destabilising border areas,” he says. “It doesn't want a headache with these communities where its motives are generally not trusted.”
But Ahmady says Iran can no longer shun its responsibility for tackling FGM under international treaties it has signed on protecting children's rights.
Despite the lack of any national campaign, Ahmady's research shows FGM is declining, partly because of better access to education, increased migration from villages to towns and lack of interest in religion among young people.
Efforts by the Kurdistan Regional Government in Iraq to stamp out FGM may also be having an impact on Iran's western provinces.
Ahmady says religious leaders have a big role to play in ending the practice. Although FGM predates Islam and is not mentioned in the Quran, some Sunni clerics believe it is a religious obligation. Others, however, are beginning to speak out, even preaching against FGM in their Friday sermons.
Mala Seyyed Hasan Vazhi, a cleric from West Azerbaijan, argues that FGM not only harms a woman's health, but causes sexual problems in marriage which can lead husbands to “sin and adultery”.
“Female circumcision does nothing but hurt your daughter's body,” he says. “This practice must stop.”
Ahmady, who has already persuaded his own family to abandon FGM, hopes his research will spur Iran's government to take action.
“The wall of denial on FGM has been broken,” he said.
Read more: Every woman has a story
Most of the 2014 kayaks are starting to arrive in showrooms across the country, while a few are still being shown only in pictures. Leaking photos, excitement about arrivals, and new reviews are fueling the growing buzz for several kayaks. Energized by the holiday shopping fever that is so rampant this time of year, kayaks - especially these five - are being mentioned in almost every angling forum and Facebook group across the nation.
Innovative designs are leading the excitement, and for good reason. These are not listed in rank order. You'll have to decide for yourself which is tops on your list.
1. NATIVE WATERCRAFT “SLAYER PROPEL”
Since the first "accidental photo leak" earlier in the year, the Native “Slayer Propel” is seen by many as a game changer. A narrower kayak than its brother the “Mariner”, the Slayer Propel offers the hull of the original Slayer (with some improvements) but the versatility and speed of the Mariner. Native still hasn't given the Slayer any real underdeck storage, but I'm just one guy asking. The price: $2,399
2. JACKSON KAYAK “BIG RIG”
At just over 13”long and 37”wide, the “Big Rig” from Jackson is exactly that. Designed for superior stand-and-fish capability, it should deliver. It's still listed as a prototype, but is available for preorder. The estimated weight capacity is 550-600lbs,which should bode very well for larger paddlers who want to fish on their feet. The price: $1499 w/o rudder, $1699 with rudder.
3. OLD TOWN “PREDATOR”
In two models (13 and MX) the OT “Predator” has made a splash in the kayak market. Combining lots of sought after features, Old Town is causing people to look their way. A three-position frame seat option, Rod Pod, and six removable mounting plates bring comfort and customizability to a big-water boat. The MX removes the Rod Pod. It is a slightly smaller boat for river running that makes a great fly casting option. The price: $1299 for the 13, $1199 for the MX.
4. WILDERNESS SYSTEMS “RIDE 115X”
The “Ride 115X” offers a new twist on a current favorite. The removable electronics bay in the front has been a huge hit with fishermen this year. Having a single box that all of your electronics fit on and in (for single transducer models), and that are easily removed, has been a major draw. With an already proven stand-and-fish capability, this adds another reason why people continue to buy Rides. The price: $1059.
5. FEELFREE “LURE”
The “Lure” has seemingly taken the lawn chair seating craze one step further. The leaked photos seem to have the Lure posed with a cushioned, lumbar-cradling, four-position seat that should rival any competitor on the market. Add in molded handles, tri-lock hatch, and available rudder, and Feelfree is swinging for the fences. Little in the way of thoughts and reviews are out yet on the Lure, but the Internet is burning up with talk of what “could be”. The price: $1099 w/o rudder, $1249 with rudder.
Love the list? Hate the list? What should be on the list that's not? Let everyone know in the comments below!
About the Author: I've been fishing over 30 years and the majority of my time on the water has been spent in Texas with the occasional trips out of state. In 2003 I bought my first kayak and a new era in my fishing life was born. I learned the ropes quickly about gear, paddling, fishing, packing, safety and got a degree from the school of hard knocks with a major in kayak fishing. I learned a lot of ways to not do something. I love kayak fishing. That's the bottom line.
Earlier this year, the well-known ultra-hipster magazine and clickbait cesspool Vice launched a new site called Broadly, which is essentially their answer to feminist blogs like Jezebel and Feministing. When the blog was first announced, its publisher Shannon Kelley stated: “If you look at the current landscape of women's media, it is purely reactionary. Blogs are either reacting to the news, gossiping about celebrities or discussing the latest beauty and fashion trends. No one is telling original stories that women specifically relate to. For Vice, it is in our DNA to provide original, story-driven video content and speak to a millennial audience.”
So, what kind of original, non-reactionary, millennial-approved content that women specifically relate to is Vice publishing under its new Broadly umbrella?
Well, aside from the usual insipid junk about fashion, celebrities, dating, horoscopes, “the patriarchy”, and so forth, Broadly just published this new article about how bestiality is the latest progressive thing that modern-day women should embrace.
No, I'm not exaggerating.
The article is called “Animal Urges: Women and Bestiality“. It opens with this picture, setting the mood:
Yeah, you see where this is going. But let's go further.
Why would anyone want to have sex with anything other than a human being? I scoured the internet for female bestiality performers and found lessons on desire and deviance instead.
If you're taking “lessons” from people who have sex with animals, it might be time to rethink your life.
The author states that, before conducting her “research”, she agreed with sensible people that bestiality is wrong:
We all know the main argument for why inter-special mating between animals and humans is wrong: common language. “Animals cannot talk, thus cannot accuse the individual of forcing them to have sex with him/her against their will,” wrote Ramsis in his 1969 study, which is cited by sexual therapist and author Dr. Hani Miletski in her book Understanding Bestiality and Zoophila.) Furthermore, animals carry different diseases, genes, hormones; it's just too obscure. Most people think it's biologically gross and morally wrong. This is where I stood when I started this research. Why would anyone want to have sex with anything other than a human being? But, as I logged into every bestiality forum that would accept me, read all the comment threads, uncovered all the theories from therapists, doctors, and sexologists, and talked to some female zoophiles themselves, my thoughts changed. I'm not for it, but their arguments started to seem…if not valid, at least understandable. Did my nights on Beast Forum create a type of Stockholm Syndrome? I mean, what's so wrong about desiring a reindeer? I found myself thinking, horrified. How is having sex with a pig any crueler than murdering it for bacon? What's worse, rape or murder? My logical self vacated for the sake of an argument.
Now, I've been a vegetarian since I was ten years old, but even I can tell you that killing a pig for bacon at least serves some kind of purpose, whereas raping a pig does not. This is not exactly a very complex concept. People in third-world countries depend on meat for living, but nobody depends on raping animals for anything other than their own sick desires.
The author goes on to describe at great length how bestiality has been practiced all throughout human history, as if that makes it okay. I mean, last I checked, murder has been practiced throughout all of human history too. So have rape, pedophilia, slavery, genocide, and – perhaps worst of all – “patriarchy”. Does that mean that those things are okay too?
The article then goes on to talk about the long history of porn actresses having sex with animals. You mean, porn actresses tend to be mentally damaged individuals? Shock and awe! I don't know about you, but I don't really consider the behavior of porn stars to be a model for what ordinary women should do.
The article then goes on to the author describing how hard it was for her to find female zoophiles who were willing to talk to her.
When I started this research my goal was simple: to talk to a woman who has had sex with an animal for either pay or pleasure. Male zoophiles dominated Miletski's statistics (she had 80 male participants and 11 female), and I wasn't interested in interviewing yet another pale German man about all the “beautiful, reciprocal” lovemaking he shares with his mutt.
In other words, men who have sex with animals are disgusting perverts (which, to be fair, they are), but women who have sex with animals are just misunderstood.
Defeated and without a subject, I turned my focus to those who fucked animals for pleasure, not pay, and dove deep into Beast Forum, the biggest international zoophilia chatroom going. The interface was outdated, like an Angelfire site from the early 2000s, but thousands of people are active daily. When I originally signed up for a profile, I forgot to change my gender to female and was shot down by almost any woman I approached in a chat room. I was honest about why I was there and batted down constantly. “I have no interest in talking to you for your work,” one lady retorted. This was the only place I was going to find an experienced zoo, so I filled out my profile page accurately as though I was on OkCupid and hit the chatrooms the next night. I offered my thoughts in public threads and spent hours integrating myself into the site. Suddenly, a few females were willing to open up with me. I quickly discovered women were mostly about having a relationship to animals rather than having sex with them, as Miletski would attest.
Last I checked, all pet owners had some kind of “relationship” with their pets. The key thing here is that, for people who aren't mentally ill degenerates, it isn't a sexual relationship.
The article then talks about how raping animals isn't sexual deviancy, but pure love, you nasty bigots. At least, it is when women do it, anyways.
“I'm generalizing here, but in my clinical studies women are less interested in sexually deviant behavior,” Miletski had told me over the phone weeks before my foray onto Beast Forum. “The women that were in my [bestiality] study actually cherished the relationship to their animal partner. That was a big part of the whole appeal to these women, and all their partners were male dogs.”
It then discusses how the poor zoophiles (which is a LEGITIMATE SEXUAL ORIENTATION, bigots!) are stigmatized, ostracized, and marginalized by the cisheteropatriarchy, and how dogs are better than men anyways.
I logged into Beast Forum at night, when most of the action happened, and I trolled discussion groups: “Does Your Partner Know You Are Into Bestiality?”, “A Wife's Priority: To All The Married Ladies Out There,” “Hey Housewives,” and pages and pages of forums on the stigma facing zoophiles who keep their sexual orientation secret from the “normals” in their lives. For some, it is just that: a sexual orientation. They argue they could not change even if they wanted to (and most do not.) For a lot of women in the discussion groups, their zoophilia started with some kind of fucked-up rejection from humans. One girl confessed that when her older boyfriend humiliated her after his wife caught her blowing him, she wished men were more like her loving dog, and then just ended up making the dog her boyfriend. Others wrote about life after divorce and finding calm, comfort, and great sex in their animal lovers.
Did we mention that dogs are better than men?
“I've never fallen in love with an animal that didn't return the love,” one woman wrote. Most people on the message boards and in Miletski's study said the same thing. People can reject you, tell you to fuck off; an animal can't disappoint you the way a human being can. Your relationship to a dog can't deteriorate over money problems or jealousy or sexual disinterest. It can't fall “out of love” because it never was in what we define as love in the first place. A sexual relationship with an animal is basic, simple, and never emotionally exhausting. On the flipside, you cannot keep a person hostage under your domestic rule the way you can an animal. Although no zoophile on Beast Forum confessed to seeing her relationship as having a power dynamic, there is no way it wouldn't be.
After lots and lots of graphic descriptions of how these women have sex with animals, the article concludes with the following:
During her peek of acceptance and popularity, Joensen did a bestiality advice column in SCREW magazine, helping other curious zoo females intimate sex with animals safely. In one entry, a reader asked her what the point was in sucking off a pig, since the semen “is so thick and clots so fast and it can stick in your throat and choke you to death.” Joensen responded with a beauty tip in broken English. “But don't you know the semen is making a beautiful cold cream compress for the shinningness [sic] and smoothness of the face skin? No pimples any more I am having since this wonderful discovery.”
Well, there you have it, modern women. There's your non-reactionary feminism. I sure hope you swallow it (ugh) and enjoy it, because this is the cutting-edge of progressive feminist journalism. And, rest assured, folks: if you think that women having sex with animals is wrong, then WOW. LIKE, JUST WOW. I LITERALLY CAN'T EVEN. IT'S 2015 YOU FUCKING BIGOTS JUST WOW. I LITERALLY CAN'T BELIEVE PEOPLE LIKE YOU STILL EXIST. I HOPE YOU CHOKE TO DEATH ON PIG SEMEN YOU ZOOPHOBIC SHITLORDS.
One can only imagine what kind of bold, progressive, and thought-provoking content Vice‘s new feminist blog will give us in the near future. Perhaps an article about women who enjoy having sex with their own newborn babies? Hell, I honestly wouldn't be surprised at this point.
Finally, I just thought I should mention that these other articles were published very recently too:
“Pedophilia: A Disorder, Not a Crime” in The New York Times
“Is Incest Wrong?” in Big Think
“Is Necrophilia Wrong?” in Big Think
“‘Genetic sexual attraction is normal, and very real': A woman describes the reality of parent-child incest in Salon
“It's time to reconsider how we treat pedophiles” in The Daily Dot
“5 Ways We Misunderstand Pedophilia (That Makes it Worse)” in Cracked
That thing that you're feeling is the feeling of progress and enlightenment, folks. You'd better embrace it… that is, unless you want to be a hateful bigot on the wrong side of history.
