As the Jeff Fisher era ended for the Rams on Monday, the ripples could be felt all the way from Los Angeles to Davie, where not long ago, the Dolphins famously courted Fisher to fill their coaching vacancy.
The Dolphins were so hot after Fisher in January 2012 that owner Stephen Ross wasn't about to let the coach visit team HQ in some rickety limo. No, sir. Ross and Fisher made a splash by landing on the practice field at Nova Southeastern University in a helicopter, triggering 10 days of South Florida being held hostage before Fisher turned down Ross.
Today, if you want irony, we've got plenty of irony, plus twists and turns:
Fisher's choice of St. Louis over Miami came down to control, it was reported. Ross wanted to keep Jeff Ireland in place as general manager.
Ireland was gone a year later.
NFL Network's Michael Lombardi, quoting sources close to Fisher, said “it appears he will choose the Fins. Fisher wants no part of potential relocation and feels more comfortable with the structure in place in Miami than St. Louis.”
Fisher also was said to choose the Rams because they had QB Sam Bradford.
Bradford has since been traded twice.
Dolphins quarterback Ryan Tannehill is still here.
The Rams no longer are in St. Louis.
Fisher reportedly had a “toxic” relationship with Rams GM Les Snead.
NFL Network wasn't alone. ESPN Insider Adam Schefter said it was “80-20” the Dolphins were going to snag Fisher.
Fisher was 4-9 this season and 31-45-1 in a shade under five seasons with the Rams.
As Fisher was getting fired, Dolphins coach Adam Gase was describing how the beat goes on for a team that has gone 8-5 and remains in the wild-card hunt despite a knee injury to Ryan Tannehill. Ross eventually hired Joe Philbin and didn't know it, but the real answer to his coaching search was in Denver, where Gase was serving as quarterbacks coach.
For the time being, Fisher is unemployed. Gase should be considered for Coach of the Year honors.
[Ryan Tannehill does NOT have a torn ACL]
[Miami Dolphins K Andrew Franks overcomes criticism, boots winner]
[Jarvis Landry says Dolphins beating opponents and referees]
Check out The Palm Beach Post‘s Miami Dolphins page on Facebook.
The First Minister and opposition party leaders have issued their new year messages.
New year: Political leaders in Scotland issue their messages.
The new year will see a celebration of young Scots, with events held throughout 2018 to recognise their "incredible contribution" to the country, the First Minister has said.
Nicola Sturgeon focused on young people for her new year message as she visited LGBT Youth Scotland ahead of Hogmanay celebrations.
She said: "I'm here because 2018 is Scotland's Year of Young People.
"We'll be celebrating young people, and the incredible contribution that they make to Scotland, in events the length and breadth of the country - from Shetland right down to the Scottish Borders.
"Young people have been at the heart of planning the year which - as well as being a great celebration in its own right - also symbolises our desire to make Scotland the best place in the world to grow up."
She added: "In 2018 we will also take steps to strengthen young people's rights, and ensure that they have an even louder voice in decisions about their own lives."
Alongside the Year of Young People, Sturgeon also looked ahead to athletics' European Championships, due to take place in Glasgow in August.
It will be the biggest sporting event to be held in Scotland since the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
The First Minister said: "Major events make a significant contribution to our economy. We will do even more over the next year to promote economic growth, and to make Scotland a leader in new industries and new technologies.
"By investing for the future - and in particular by celebrating and supporting our young people - we're working to ensure that the years ahead are bright ones for Scotland.
"So my hope is that 2018 will be a fantastic year - for our young people, and for all of us."
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson also highlighted key events in her new year message, noting that while politics will continue, other events will "take centre stage".
"In 2018, I hope all of us will be inspired by the endeavour of our athletes, the warmth of our host city and the energy of the next generation. Scotland has a lot to look forward to," she said.
Her Tory colleague, Scottish secretary David Mundell, focused on the need for the Scottish and UK governments to work together on Brexit, the economy and other issues.
"There are many challenges ahead of us but I am confident it can be a great year for Scotland," he said.
"As ever my door remains open to all those people and business who have a stake in Scotland's success. Let's work together as we look to the future."
Meanwhile, Scottish Labour leader Richard Leonard emphasised the need for more action on inequality in 2018, with the Year of the Young People offering a timely opportunity to demand change for poorer youngsters.
"The coming year will see Labour push the government even harder to make those desperately needed changes and make the Parliament work in the interests of the unemployed, the dispossessed, the homeless, those struggling in poverty, and all those whose lives are currently predestined because of where they're born," he said.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie called for more unity following the divisive politics of recent years.
"Let's hunt for what we have in common and make that work rather than always dwelling on our differences," he said.
Scottish Green Party co-conveners Maggie Chapman and Patrick Harvie said 2018 can be a year of progress on human rights and public services, and they pledged to continue to fight for "justice, solidarity and our shared environment".
Want to receive the latest headlines straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribe This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. That e-mail's already in our system. Please try again. Please tick the box below to confirm your subscription Thanks for subscribing to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribed Want to receive the latest headlines straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Thanks for subscribing to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribe
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
VARANASI: It was the second victory after a gap of nearly 350 years for the 3,500-odd villagers when it was announced that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would adopt and develop their Jayapur village in his constituency Varanasi. While the first victory dates back to the Mughal era and finds mention in History books, the second one is hitting the headlines a day Modi lands here and formally adopts the village.According to BHU's political science department's HoD, Prof KK Mishra, in 17th century, when Mughal emperor Aurangzeb was said to be on temple-demolition spree, his soldiers caught attention of an old temple of Lord Hanuman in the village. It was a unique as the main deity Lord Hanuman was black in colour. It is for this reason that the temple is still known as “Kale Hanuman ka temple”.However, not ready to give up, the villagers not only put up a brave fight before the Mughal soldiers, they even forced them to beat the retreat, Prof Misra says. In 2003, an army personnel Ajay Kumar Singh from the village attained martyrdom while fighting terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir.Historical significance notwithstanding, the village also has political importance. Dominated mostly by Patels, it is situated in Shivpuri block, which has been the pocket borough of Late Sonelal Patel, the founder of Apna Dal, which joined hands with BJP during Lok Sabha election.(Jayapur getting ready to welcome PM Narendra Modi. (TOI photo)Observers believe that since Jayapur is surrounded by four big villages, all Patel-dominated, the cascading effect of the development in Modi's adopted village will certainly be visible in those villages. “So, its time for Apna Dal, which is mired in controversy following a tussle between Sonelal's wife and daughter, to rethink its strategy before its core voters are weaned away.A sudden burst of activities in Jayapur. (TOI photo)Villagers work as masons in Maharashtra, Gujarat and Karnataka while sugarcane crop known as Jayapuria sugarcane is produced all round the year unlike in other areas where it is a seasonal crop. The village supplies sugarcane to juice sellers of not only Varanasi but also districts of east Bihar.A clarification: The "heroic" act of Jayapur residents is not a historically verified fact but a local legend narrated by the villagers, which they have been listening to from their ancestors. Anyway, if it was Aurangzeb's army that they defeated, it should have been "350 years ago" and not "450 years ago" as mentioned in an earlier version of the story. The error is regretted.
Syfy has given a pilot order to Prototype, a sci-fi thriller drama written by Tony Basgallop (24: Live Another Day). It centers on three unlikely cohorts who inadvertently stumble upon an invention that challenges the very nature of quantum physics – a discovery which in turn puts their lives in grave danger.
Oscar nominee Juan Carlos Fresnadillo (Esposados) will direct the pilot and executive produce with Basgallo and Escape Artists Productions (Southpaw). Taylor Latham (Freeheld) will be co-executive producer.
“Prototype is a purely original idea from a talented writer with a unique vision,” said Bill McGoldrick, EVP, Scripted Content, NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment.
This marks Syfy's first pilot in a while as the network has been ordering projects straight-to-series over the past two years. The network's most recent pilot, Incorporated, executive produced by Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, was just picked up to series.
Score one for the little guy.
The 99% finally saw their incomes grow in 2014, according to a new analysis by UC Berkeley Professor Emmanuel Saez. Family income rose 3.3% after inflation, the first meaningful gain in 15 years.
That's because the unemployment rate fell substantially last year, Saez said. More than 2.95 million jobs were created, and the jobless rate fell to 5.6%.
But though the 99% saw their incomes rise, the Top 1% did even better. They saw their income jump 10.8% last year, and they captured 58% of the income growth for the year, said Saez, whose findings are based on his analysis of tax returns.
Because of that, income inequality continued to rise last year too.
The average family income for the Bottom 99% was $47,200 last year. The Top 1%, meanwhile, had an average income of $1.3 million. It took $423,000 just to get into the Top 1%.
Looking longer term, 2014 also helped the 99% recover more of the losses they suffered during the Great Recession. These families have now made up slightly less than 40% of the declines suffered in the economic downturn.
The income of the 99% has risen 4.3% since the recession ended in 2009, compared to a 27.1% gain for the Top 1%.
While the income of the 99% may continue to grow if the economy remains strong, inequality may continue to widen.
"The depressing fact is that there is no good reason to believe inequality will come down on its own from its current extremely high level," Saez said.
New Dads In Togo Are Guaranteed Something That U.S. Dads Aren't
This month, women's rights are in the headlines, as a U.N. conference looks at efforts to bring about gender equality.
So men are the forgotten sex.
Only not entirely. A new UCLA report, which looks at "inequalities in legal rights for women and girls around the world" includes a surprising section – on paid paternity leave.
(Of course, this is an issue that is important to moms as well as dads.)
As it turns out, paid paternity leave could be an important step on the road to gender equality. Granting paid days off to a new dad sets a pattern for both parents to share the caring from the get-go and boosts chances for women to stay in the work force because they're not the sole caregivers.
Conversely, a study of American working dads by the Boston College Center for Work and Family found that "when men fail to become active co-parents in the first few months of the child's life, it sets up a pattern that is difficult to change."
Speaking of his paternity leave after he and his wife adopted a daughter, Wessel van den Berg of Cape Town, South Africa, says, "It made me familiar and comfortable with doing the work of caring for her and created a valuable bond of trust between us."
He was fortunate. His job gave him a month of paternity leave. But South Africa does not have a law guaranteeing such leave for all new fathers — although the parliament is reviewing a petition that would call for ten days off.
Currently, 96 countries around the world mandate paid leave for men after a child's arrival, either through leave specifically designated for fathers or parental leave which women and men can use. Scandinavian and most European countries lead the way. But an increasing number of of lower- and middle- income countries are also passing laws that mandate government-paid paternity leave. Think Gambia, Mauritius, Togo, Laos, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Ecuador, Venezuela, Uzbekistan (see map). The number of days offered can range from two on up to 14 weeks and more.
And on the list of countries that mandate zero paternity leave is the United States. At least the U.S. is an equal opportunity denier. There is also no legally required maternity leave. For both parents, leave is up to the employer.
When leave is granted, the family benefits. Jody Heymann, dean of the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health, points to research from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) showing that fathers who take leave after a child is born — especially those who take at least two weeks off — are more likely to be involved in childcare in the first years of life. OECD research also found that children with highly involved fathers perform better on cognitive tests.
Brazil is one of the middle income countries that gives days off to new dads. Since 1988, the law has guaranteed five days of paternity leave.
But that may not be enough. Samir Elrashidy, who lives in Rio de Janeiro, is the father of two.The five days of leave he took for his younger child, who's now 14 months, was "positive because it allowed the family to stay together during an important moment."
Brazil may address one of his concerns. A bill is being discussed to extend it to 20 days, says Marco Aurelio Martins, deputy director of the global nonprofit group Promundo in Brazil.
Meanwhile, in some countries men get paternity leave — and don't take it. One solution: incentives. The percentage of men taking maternity leave in Portugal went from .6 to 20, says Gary Barker of Promundo, after a 2010 policy promised an additional month of leave for men who took at least one month of paternity leave.
There are plenty of dating apps out there if you're looking for The One. But what if you're looking for The Two?
3nder (pronounced “thrinder”) is the dating app that provides this opportunity and more. It has more options for sexual orientation and gender identity. You swipe in different directions. It's Facebook-authenticated, but you can choose your own name. And, of course, you can use it for hookups with multiple sexual partners.
Last week, 3nder raised half a million dollars in funding from undisclosed angel investors. The app's founder, a twentysomething Bulgarian-turned-Londoner named Dimo Trifonov, talked to Re/code about the app.
The former designer says that you won't just download 3nder because of the “two birds with one swipe” thing; Trifonov argues that his app has a unique design and superior choices for users to express their sexuality. He also says that his competitors aren't just dating apps, but seedy sites like Ashley Madison.
“I wanted to create this minimal, futuristic product. All these sites for swingers, “have-a-threesome-dot-com” and all this kind of crap — they all use super-outdated technology. They have this scammy business plan where they create fake users to generate revenue from men, so this is how they survive,” Trifonov said. “We create this thing that's affordable, there's nothing sexualized. We don't have naked girls, we don't advertise naked girls.”
Still, 3nder most closely resembles a dating app. And most dating apps look the same, offering slight variations on a theme. You can swipe right if you're interested in someone, and left if you're not (3nder has swiping, but in different directions). Hinge uses your extended Facebook network to help arrange matches. Coffee Meets Bagel offers one algorithmically-crafted, artisan match per day. The League is Tinder, but for jerks.
The difficulty he had with his girlfriend in finding other “open-minded” couples led him to believe that with “other apps, it's either gay or straight, and they don't consider anything else.”
Though 3nder's mission to expand the sexual horizons of its users has played well in the media, dating apps are a well-saturated space. Trifonov says that 3nder currently has around a million downloads. By comparison, the IPO filing of the Match Group (which includes Tinder, OKCupid and other dating/hookup services) says it has a combined 59 million monthly active users. Though the IAC-owned dating company didn't break out individual app figures, those numbers blow 3nder out of the water.
Trifonov doesn't dismiss this outright, but he says a problem with these apps is that you can't tell what they're designed for. Though the relationship-focused Coffee Meets Bagel and the gay hookup app Grindr have clearly defined purposes, Trifonov says Tinder doesn't make it easy to tell if users are really there for one-night stands or more long-term connections.
“They have all sorts of people. People who just want to fuck, people who are looking for marriage, the love of their life,” he said. “The experience on Tinder, when you match with someone, you don't really know what these people are doing there.”
As for how he plans to grow his user base, Trifonov says that the press attention he's been able to drum up has been enough to propel the app for now.
And maybe word of mouth could be even more effective for 3nder: Your two friends could tell their two friends.
South Ossetia and Abkhazia have had de facto independence for years US President George W Bush has urged Russia not to recognise Georgia's two breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia as independent states. Mr Bush's comments came after Russia's parliament passed a non-binding motion calling on President Dmitry Medvedev to support the enclaves' independence bid. Meanwhile, the US says its warships will deliver aid to Georgia's port of Poti, which is under Russian control. The move could mean US and Russian forces coming face-to-face. Although most of Russia's forces pulled out of Georgia last Friday, some troops continue to operate near the Black Sea port of Poti, south of Abkhazia, where Russia says it will carry out regular inspections of cargo. Georgia has accused Moscow of trying to impose an economic stranglehold on Georgia. Until now American aid has been delivered to the Georgian port of Batumi, further south. But the US embassy said that "at the request of the Georgian government", two US ships would dock in Poti on Wednesday. Georgians 'moved out' Russia and Georgia fought a brief war this month over Georgia's two breakaway provinces. They are clearly trying to empty southern Ossetia [of] Georgians
Alexander Stubb, OSCE
S Ossetia 'emptied of Georgians' Moscow launched a counter-attack after Tbilisi tried to retake South Ossetia from rebels by military force. The US and a number of Western governments have backed Georgia, sending aid and issuing strongly-worded statements. In a statement, Mr Bush called on Russia's leadership to "meet its commitments and not recognise these separatist regions". "The United States will continue to stand with the people of Georgia and their democracy and to support its sovereignty and territorial integrity," he said. The US state department has said recognition of the two provinces' independence would be "a violation of Georgian territorial integrity" and "inconsistent with international law". Leaders from Germany, the UK and Italy also expressed concern that the vote would raise tensions further in the Caucasus. Meanwhile Alexander Stubb, the head of the European security organisation, the OSCE, has accused Russia of trying to empty South Ossetia of Georgians. He told the BBC that OSCE military observers were trying to visit as much of South Ossetia as possible to clarify the situation. The US McFaul has so far only delivered aid to Batumi "They are clearly trying to empty southern Ossetia [of] Georgians, which I don't think goes by any of the books that we deal with in international relations," he said. Large parts of both South Ossetia and Abkhazia have effectively been independent since breaking away in the early 1990s. While they have enjoyed Russian economic and diplomatic support, and military protection, no foreign state has yet recognised them as independent states. On the ground, Russian troops continue to operate in buffer zones that Russia controversially set up within undisputed Georgian territory. France's President Nicolas Sarkozy said at the weekend that, under the terms of the ceasefire he had helped broker, troops from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) would move into these buffer zones. But senior Russian officials now say they never agreed to allow international peacekeepers to patrol in the zones, and also say they will not allow aerial reconnaissance over the zones. 'Hitler' comparison The upper house, Federation Council, voted 130-0 to call on President Medvedev to support the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. The lower house, the State Duma, approved the same resolution in a 447-0 vote shortly afterwards. It's a historic day for Abkhazia... and South Ossetia
Sergei Bagapsh, Abkhazian leader
Nato-Russia links 'should remain' The Federation Council speaker, Sergei Mironov, said both Abkhazia and South Ossetia had all the necessary attributes of independent states. During the debate in the two chambers, several speakers compared Georgia's military action in South Ossetia with Hitler's World War II invasion of the Soviet Union. Both Abkhaz leader Sergei Bagapsh and his South Ossetian counterpart, Eduard Kokoity, addressed the Russian lawmakers before the votes, urging them to recognise the independence of the two regions. "It's a historic day for Abkhazia... and South Ossetia," Mr Bagapsh said, adding that Abkhazia would never again be part of Georgia. Mr Kokoity thanked Russia for supporting South Ossetia during the conflict with Georgia, describing President Medvedev's move to deploy troops as "a courageous, timely and correct" decision. He said that South Ossetia and Abkhazia had more rights to become recognised nations than Kosovo, which declared independence from Serbia earlier this year with support from the US and much of the European Union. Both houses of the Russian parliament are dominated by allies of Mr Medvedev and Mr Putin. The lawmakers interrupted their summer holidays for extraordinary sittings, formally called at the request of separatist leaders in the two Georgian provinces. In a televised address, President Saakashvili dismissed the vote, saying: "Nobody can legalise the annexation of the Georgian territories." While both Abkhazia and South Ossetia have been pushing for formal independence since the break-up of the Soviet Union in the 1990s, Russia's official line at least until now has been similar to that of the West, the BBC's Humphrey Hawksley reports from Moscow. But in March the State Duma passed a resolution supporting independence should Georgia invade or rush to join Nato. After Monday's votes, the bill will be sent to the Kremlin for approval. Analysts say the Kremlin might delay its decision while it carries out wider negotiations with the West on the crisis. Should Abkhazia and South Ossetia be independent? Can normal life ever be resumed in Georgia? Send in your comments by completing the form below. You can send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk, or text them to +44 7725 100 100 or you have a large file you can upload here.
Read the terms and conditions. At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws. In most cases a selection of your comments will be published, displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below. Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number (optional):
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published. Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide.
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Written by Steven Horwitz.
“[Economic] planning does not accidentally deteriorate into the militarization of the economy; it is the militarization of the economy.… When the story of the Left is seen in this light, the idea of economic planning begins to appear not only accidentally but inherently reactionary. The theory of planning was, from its inception, modeled after feudal and militaristic organizations. Elements of the Left tried to transform it into a radical program, to fit into a progressive revolutionary vision. But it doesn't fit. Attempts to implement this theory invariably reveal its true nature. The practice of planning is nothing but the militarization of the economy.”
—Don Lavoie, National Economic Planning: What Is Left?
Libertarians have long confounded our liberal and conservative friends by being both strongly in favor of free markets and strongly opposed to militarism and foreign intervention. In the conventional world of “right” and “left,” this combination makes no sense. Libertarians are often quick to point out the ways in which free trade, both within and across national borders, creates cooperative interdependencies among those who trade, thereby reducing the likelihood of war. The long classical liberal tradition is full of those who saw the connection between free trade and peace.
But there's another side to the story, which is that socialism and economic planning have a long and close connection with war and militarization.
As Don Lavoie argues at length in his wonderful and underappreciated 1985 book National Economic Planning: What Is Left?, any attempt to substitute economic planning (whether comprehensive and central or piecemeal and decentralized) for markets inevitably ends up militarizing and regimenting the society. Lavoie points out that this outcome was not an accident. Much of the literature defending economic planning worked from a militaristic model. The “success” of economic planning associated with World War I provided early 20th century planners with a specific historical model from which to operate.
This connection should not surprise those who understand the idea of the market as a spontaneous order. As good economists from Adam Smith to F.A. Hayek and beyond have appreciated, markets are the products of human action but not human design. No one can consciously direct an economy. In fact, Hayek in particular argued that this is true not just of the economy, but of society in general: advanced commercial societies are spontaneous orders along many dimensions.
Market economies have no purpose of their own, or as Hayek put it, they are “ends-independent.” Markets are simply means by which people come together to pursue the various ends that each person or group has. You and I don't have to agree on which goals are more or less important in order to participate in the market.
The same is true of other spontaneous orders. Consider language. We can both use English to construct sentences even if we wish to communicate different, or contradictory, things with the language.
One implication of seeing the economy as a spontaneous order is that it lacks a “collective purpose.” There is no single scale of values that guides us as a whole, and there is no process by which resources, including human resources, can be marshaled toward those collective purposes.
The absence of such a collective purpose or common scale of values is one factor that explains the connection between war and socialism. They share a desire to remake the spontaneous order of society into an organization with a single scale of values, or a specific purpose. In a war, the overarching goal of defeating the enemy obliterates the ends-independence of the market and requires that hierarchical control be exercised in order to direct resources toward the collective purpose of winning the war.
In socialism, the same holds true. To substitute economic planning for the market is to reorganize the economy to have a single set of ends that guides the planners as they allocate resources. Rather than being connected with each other by a shared set of means, as in private property, contracts, and market exchange, planning connects people by a shared set of ends. Inevitably, this will lead to hierarchy and militarization, because those ends require trying to force people to behave in ways that contribute to the ends' realization. And as Hayek noted in The Road to Serfdom, it will also lead to government using propaganda to convince the public to share a set of values associated with some ends. We see this tactic in both war and socialism.
As Hayek also pointed out, this is an atavistic desire. It is a way for us to try to recapture the world of our evolutionary past, where we existed in small, homogeneous groups in which hierarchical organization with a common purpose was possible. Deep in our moral instincts is a desire to have the solidarity of a common purpose and to organize resources in a way that enables us to achieve it.
Socialism and war appeal to so many because they tap into an evolved desire to be part of a social order that looks like an extended family: the clan or tribe. Soldiers are not called “bands of brothers” and socialists don't speak of “a brotherhood of man” by accident. Both groups use the same metaphor because it works. We are susceptible to it because most of our history as human beings was in bands of kin that were largely organized in this way.
Our desire for solidarity is also why calls for central planning on a smaller scale have often tried to claim their cause as the moral equivalent of war. This is true on both the left and right. We have had the War on Poverty, the War on Drugs, and the War on Terror, among others. And we are “fighting,” “combating,” and otherwise at war with our supposedly changing climate — not to mention those thought to be responsible for that change. The war metaphor is the siren song of those who would substitute hierarchy and militarism for decentralized power and peaceful interaction.
Both socialism and war are reactionary, not progressive. They are longings for an evolutionary past long gone, and one in which humans lived lives that were far worse than those we live today. Truly progressive thinking recognizes the limits of humanity's ability to consciously construct and control the social world. It is humble in seeing how social norms, rules, and institutions that we did not consciously construct enable us to coordinate the actions of billions of anonymous actors in ways that enable them to create incredible complexity, prosperity, and peace.
The right and left do not realize that they are both making the same error. Libertarians understand that the shared processes of spontaneous orders like language and the market can enable all of us to achieve many of our individual desires without any of us dictating those values for others. By contrast, the right and left share a desire to impose their own sets of values on all of us and thereby fashion the world in their own images.
No wonder they don't understand us.
_______________________
Sourced from The Freeman.
Today is the end of an era in Portland, Oregon.
TriMet, under budgetary stress, has done away with the much-loved Free Rail Zone, which allowed free travel by light rail and streetcar within the “Fareless Square” area of downtown Portland and the Lloyd Center. Not too long ago, Fareless Square also applied to buses in the same area, so the writing's been on the wall for a while.
At the same time, TriMet has also done away with its three different fare zones, instead opting for a “go anywhere fare”, currently priced at $2.50 (A two-zone fare used to be $2.10 and a three-zone fare $2.45, so this is a fair price hike for most users of the system). However, all-day passes now only cost twice as much as a normal ticket, so they offer great value: even if you only use it to go somewhere and back, you haven't lost out – and you have the flexibility to use it more than that if need be.
To mark this day – for better or for worse – I thought I'd update my Unified Rail Map of Portland to reflect these changes.
I've created two versions: one which shows MAX light rail and the Portland Streetcar as it will appear on September 22 when the Central Loop streetcar line through the inner eastside to OMSI opens, and another which adds lines currently under construction: the Portland-Milwaukie light rail line and the completion of the Eastside streetcar loop, both going over the new TriMet bridge that is currently taking shape in the middle of the Willamette.
Gone from the original map is the northern extension of the Yellow Line over the Columbia River into Vancouver. It's still in early planning, and – with the way the Columbia River Crossing bridge is currently going – may very well never be built.
The removal of the zones certainly helps make the map cleaner, although it made the solid black background a bit overpowering, so I've knocked it back to a dark grey instead.
As usual, comments are welcome. Large (4000-pixel wide) versions are available over on Flickr: here for the current system only, and here for the map including current construction.
Like this: Like Loading...
Ireland's baby boom may be easing off, but we continue to have the highest birth rate of any EU country. New figures released by the ESRI show there were 71,986 births last year, a 3 per cent drop from the previous year. This is the third year in a row that birth numbers have fallen.
“We can now see this is a trend, rather than just a blip,” said Prof Miriam Wiley of the ESRI. “We've reached a tipping point.”
In all, births are down 5 per cent since 2009. Despite the reduction, however, Ireland's birth rate still leads the rest of Europe by some distance. Ireland recorded 15.6 births per 1,000 population last year. Germany's birth rate, by contrast, was almost half that figure – 8.4 per 1,000 – and the European average was 10.4 . The countries which came closest were the UK (12.8 per 1,000) and France (12.6 per 1,000).
While the new figures provide a snapshot of what is happening in Ireland, they don't explain why. “It's complicated,” Prof Wiley said. “There is the dynamic of inward migration, the age profile of the population, the impact of the recession, lifestyle choices. They're all part of a dynamic jigsaw puzzle.”
She said we were only getting to the stage where we would have enough data to begin explaining these patterns. What is clear, however, is that Ireland is exceptional in demographic terms. The high number of births over recent times can be explained by the high proportion of women in their childbearing years, rather than by a trend for women to have more children.
Immigration appears to have been a key factor behind this. The rise in birth rates gathered pace as inward migration increased dramatically from about 2004 onwards. In that year, for example, a total of 18 per cent of births is to mothers from outside Ireland. That figure reached 25 per cent in 2011 and remained unchanged last year.
Perinatal statistics report 2012
Some experts suggest the easing off of the birth rate in recent times may be a postponement of childbearing and may not necessarily represent a decision to have fewer children.
In other words, people are put off having children during the economic downturn, and may catch up on fertility once economic conditions improve.
Certainly, women are waiting longer to have children. Figures show the average age of women giving birth was 31.9 years in 2012, compared with 31.7 years in 2011, and 30.6 years in 2003.
The total period fertility rate – the average number of children that would be born to a woman over her lifetime – is considered by many a better index of fertility than birth rates.
This is because it is independent of the age structure of the population. These figures also show Ireland is ahead of the rest of the EU, but by a much narrower margin. At 1.99, Ireland reported the highest total period fertility rate of any EU country, followed closely by France (1.98).
In 2011 – the most recent year for which data is available – the total period fertility rate for the 27 EU countries was 1.57.
Latest figures also show good news in the mortality rate of new-born babies.
The perinatal mortality rate – deaths that occur up to seven days after birth – have fallen by almost a third since 2003.
At the same time, mothers are spending shorter periods of time in hospital. The average length of stay was recorded at 3.4 days in 2012, compared with 4.0 days in 2003. This represents a decrease of 15 per cent over the decade.
The statistics on breastfeeding rates have been less impressive. While it is Government policy to promote this, less than half – about 47 per cent –of all babies were exclusively breastfed in 2012 at the point of discharge from hospital.
This is unchanged since 2011 and was reported at 41 per cent in 2003. When examined by nationality, the breastfeeding rate for Irish mothers was estimated at 40 per cent compared with over 75 per cent for babies born to mothers from Europe and America.
Throughout the country, every large town over 100,000 people seems to have a common element: a local branch of National Public Radio. In all, the partially publicly funded organization has 797 public radio stations that it syndicates to.
Public broadcasting has a place in Western society. Canada, the United Kingdom and Australia all boast creative and new publicly backed media enterprises. In the United Kingdom, the BBC provides all sorts of great programming, from adaptations of Jane Austen novels to modern day radio drama. Unlike its counterparts, however, it's questionable whether NPR is providing much groundbreaking or innovative.
NPR's most popular shows include “All Things Considered,” “Morning Edition” and the cult day-in-the-life program “This American Life” (though it should be noted that the latter is produced independently). Unlike during its earlier days, when NPR would do creative things like adapt the original Star Wars trilogy into radio drama, NPR no longer takes risks. In an interview I did with him about his podcast “Radio Drama Revival!,” Frederick Greenhalgh described NPR as “conservative” in its reluctance to go beyond news and talk. Its top programming seems to back up Greenhalgh's claim. “This American Life” premiered on November 17, 1995. Morning Edition premiered on November 15, 1979. “All Things Considered” premiered nearly four decades ago on May 3, 1971. NPR certainly isn't bursting at the seams with new content.
News and talk is widely available without public radio. One can find it on the internet in the form of podcasts of various bents, on talk radio and on cable news. All NPR seems to really do is provide a coffeehouse version of the news, filtered for hipster progressives ordering their tall Frappucino at the local Fair Trade Certified cafe. With a revenue of $159 million, it's worth asking whether NPR's narrow audience could afford to pay for the content themselves.
Not only has NPR avoided more broadly appealing content, it has actually closed the door on some of its most innovative content. Despite decent ratings and a widely visited blog, in July NPR cancelled “The Bryant Park Project.” With hosts that weren't Baby Boomers and an accompanying online presence that the hosts themselves used to communicate with listeners, BPP stood out greatly from its tired counterparts. While NPR executives were understandably trying to cut budgets in the face of economic turmoil, they were also shutting off younger listeners by not trying to formulate similar programming.
In an era when anyone with the time, equipment and dedication can make a podcast and have his voice heard throughout the world, it's worth asking whether NPR is really worth the public dollars it receives (and which may go up with the Democrats controlling all levers of power).
Is THIS Bigfoot? Virginia man who claims he first saw the Sasquatch 25 years ago uploads photos of new encounter - and says 'you be the judge'
Jim O'Neal posted images online allegedly from this weekend
He says he fathers took the picture on an old camera-phone while fishing
Appear to show a large, black figure hunched over a tree trunk near water
Mr O'Neal says he himself saw the elusive creature at the same spot
Allegedly locked eyes with, then shot at, the beast around 25 years ago
He is so confident of his proof he has challenged others to prove it is fake
Sceptics have suggested the image is just a tree trunk
A man has claimed he has new pictures of the elusive Bigfoot, taken this weekend on the eastern coast of the U.S.
Randy O'Neal, 40, posted the Sasquatch photographs online, which he says his father took on a camera phone this weekend near the Intracoastal Highway in Virginia.
He also suggests that the video could prove an encounter he had with the beast 25 years previously, which neither he nor his family have ever been able to prove.
Scroll down for video
Bigfoot? Randy O'Neal, from Virginia, posted this photograph online. He says it was taken near the coast this weekend and shows an ape-like creature he saw 25 years previously
Tall, dark stranger: Other sightings of Bigfoot have shown mysterious hunched figures moving quickly through dense woodland like this image of an alleged Bigfoot seen in Virginia
Accepting the inevitable scepticism that follows claims of seeing the mythic creature, Mr O'Neal posted a written commentary describing both encounters, then challenges internet users to prove his pictures are faked.
The image shows what appears to be a hunched black figure on a log which juts out into a body of water. The figure seems to have its hands in front of its body, and to be looking out towards the photographer.
Sceptics have suggested it is just a tree trunk.
In his written explanation of the encounter, Mr O'Neal says his father - who is not named - and a family friend referred to as 'Uncle Jap' took the picture on a fishing trip using an aging camera-phone.
He does not definitively identify the creature as a Sasquatch, but says it is 'something that I have never seen or heard before nor again in my life'.
Fresh sighting? Mr O'Neal's video is a new entry in a string of Bigfoot sightings, including (above) a 1967 film purporting to shoot the beast in Bluff Cove California
He said: 'My memories and experiences have made me a believer. Here are the pictures again. Feel free to pause, copy, zoom, dissect or whatever you need to do to prove this fake. I can honestly say that these are the clearest, most ‘non-blurred' images I personally have ever seen.'
Mr O'Neal also refers to a previous encounter in the same spot.
The precise location is not given, but it is said to be near the northern end of the Intracostal Highway - a network of waterways stretching from Norfolk, Virginia to the southern tip of Florida.
Recounting the moment, Mr O'Neal writes that he, his father and 'Uncle Jap' had a late-night meeting with the 'unknown creature' 25 years before.
He claims that while sitting round a campfire he saw 'a set of red eyes' watching through the bushes.
His father - believing he was imagining it - handed the 15-year-old Mr O'Neal a shotgun and asked him to flush the creature out.
When he complied, the creature 'let out the most blood-curdling scream', smashed through the woods and plunged into a creek.
In the morning, he claims, a path of destruction could be seen where the animal is thought to have knocked over trees on its way to safety.
A map was released in September last year which plots out every reported Bigfoot sighting in North America for the last 92 years
Mr O'Neal's video is the latest contribution to a long string of Bigfoot sightings, which have often been written off as fake.
In 1951 American Eric Shipton the footprint of a beast he called a yeti. Reports of his find prompted a spate of other 'sightings'.
The Sasquatch Genome Project, an organisation in America, has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars investigating and researching potential sightings.
A map produced last year by a PhD research candidate recorded 3,313 sightings between 1921 and 2013, mostly on the western coast of the U.S.
Jen Zamzow teaches ethics at UCLA and Concordia University Irvine and blogs at jenzamzow.com.
Imagine that you're in the middle of a job interview, and the interviewer asks you whether you think it's important for women to wear bras to work. What would you do? Tell the interviewer that the question is inappropriate? Refuse to answer it? Would you feel angry that someone would ask you this question?
If you're like most people, you believe you would do something if you encountered such behavior. Indeed, many responses to the recent revelations of sexual misconduct — in Congress, in Hollywood, in the media — include some variation of: Why didn't she come forward earlier ? Why didn't she tell him to stop? As Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-Tex.) said in October, "I think we also need to start talking about the power that women have to control the situation," adding that "men get away with this because they are allowed to get away with it by the women."
But according to psychological studies, this certainty about how women would and should respond to harassment, and the certainty about how we would react if we saw or experienced it ourselves, doesn't match how people deal with harassment in the real world.
To find out how closely people's beliefs about how they would respond to sexual harassment line up with their actual responses, psychologists Julie Woodzicka and Marianne LaFrance conducted an experiment with 247 participants. They had one group of women imagine that they were asked three inappropriate questions during a job interview and think about how they would feel and how they would react. A separate group of women was asked these inappropriate questions during what they thought was a real face-to-face interview for a research assistant position.
Woodzicka and LaFrance found that 68 percent of the 197 women who imagined their responses said they would refuse to answer at least one of the inappropriate questions. But when this played out in the interview, not a single woman refused to answer those questions.
These results reflect a general truth about both men and women: We inaccurately predict how we will respond to all sorts of things — from mundane matters, like how much we will enjoy eating a snack , to more serious situations, like how we will respond to hearing a racial slur . In short, we pay attention to different things when we think about an event than when we experience it. When we imagine an event, we think about it abstractly and focus more on high-level principles and values; when we experience it, we focus more on pragmatic factors and concrete details that are specific to the situation.
[Buying harassment insurance protects companies, not victims]
This is why we underestimate how often we'll eat junk food or get impatient with our kids, and we overestimate how often we'll go to the gym. We think we should exercise, but when the alarm goes off at 5 a.m., concrete problems set in: We're tired and we have a lot of other things we need to do. By the end of the year, our snooze button is worn and our membership card is dusty. And yet, at the beginning of every year, we find ourselves renewing that gym membership. Our imaginary future self pays far less attention to being tired or busy than our real-life self does.
Our imaginary future self also pays far less attention to things like being afraid of losing our job or being embarrassed or uncomfortable, which are all feelings that sexual harassment and assault victims report experiencing. It's not that victims care more about keeping their jobs or avoiding embarrassment than other people do; it's that we all care less about these things from a hypothetical perspective than when we're actually faced with them. Our beliefs about what we would do if we were sexually harassed or assaulted might say less about us and more about the circumstances of our beliefs. It's easy to say we would be willing to risk everything to "do what is right" when the risks are hypothetical. It's harder to say we shouldn't care about our job when there's a real threat of losing it.
Woodzicka and LaFrance's study revealed another interesting facet of how we respond to sexual harassment. The women who imagined the inappropriate questions thought they would feel angry if they were in the situation, but the predominant emotion that women felt in the interview was fear. Even though anger and fear are both negative emotions, they can motivate us to act in different ways. Anger makes us more likely to want to fight, while fear makes us more likely to want to flee. When we can't even predict how we will feel, it can make it hard to predict how we will act.
Moreover, even if we correctly predict that we will feel scared, it can still be difficult to know exactly how this fear will affect our behavior. Physically arousing feelings such as fear or pain are difficult to simulate through imagination. The difference between knowing we would feel scared and actually feeling scared is not unlike the difference between knowing that delivering a baby will be painful and actually feeling the contractions. If we are not currently experiencing these feelings, it can be difficult to realize just how much they might divert our attention away from our other goals.
This disconnect extends to events we witness, not just things that happen directly to us. For instance, psychologist Kerry Kawakami and colleagues found that people expected feeling much more upset and being more likely to respond after witnessing a racial slur than those who witnessed the slur were. Likewise, it's easier for people to believe they wouldn't stand for sexual harassment in the office than it is for them to do something when they see it. And, according to the research, an employee who witnesses harassment or assault in the workplace is subject to some of the same fears that a victim has: fear of a negative backlash if they report the incident.
Given that responding to sexual harassment and assault is harder than we think, we need to adjust our expectations for victims. The responsibility to "do something" can't fall solely on them or even on bystanders. Instead, employers need to build workplace cultures that prevent sexual harassment and assault from happening in the first place. An environment that shows low tolerance reduces some of the barriers to responding and makes it more likely that people will act on their ideals.
This isn't just a job for human resources. There are some things that everyone has the power to do. We can all be more careful in how we judge victims. We can remind ourselves that responding to sexual harassment and assault is more difficult than we imagine. We can stop assuming we'd have acted differently in someone else's shoes. Chances are, we wouldn't have.
Read more from Outlook and follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
Eric André has had a couple of relatively mainstream sitcom roles on Don't Trust The B—— In Apartment 23 and 2 Broke Girls, but his true comedic sensibility is more fully displayed (along with, occasionally, his naked body) on The Eric André Show, which begins its third season tomorrow night, November 6, on Adult Swim. Existing in a strange alternate dimension where celebrities—from A- to D-level—unwittingly end up on a public-access talk show hosted by a clueless maniac prone to smashing his own sets, the show is unlike anything else on TV. Sure, it has slightly nicer siblings like Billy On The Street and predecessors like The Tom Green Show and Wonder Showzen, but none of those match the anarchy of Eric André. Both in the crappy, crappy studio—where he's joined by hilariously deadpan sidekick Hannibal Buress—and in field segments, it's impossible to know quite where things are headed. Will a guest whose publicist has inadequately prepared them for the experience fear for their lives and leave? Will a member of the public get physical with André? Will he end up jail? (It's happened, but remarkably just once, and for a pretty innocuous sketch.) André spoke with The A.V. Club about the show, cultivating the hair of a black woman, and what he wants his look to be in future seasons.
The A.V. Club: Did you have anything different in mind going into your third season? Anything new you wanted to try?
Advertisement
Eric André: I wanted to chemically straighten my hair like Katt Williams, so I did that. That was the only thing I had set out to do, and I accomplished it.
AVC: Was that a personal lifestyle choice, or strictly for the show?
EA: Strictly for the show. I always joked around about doing it with my writers, and this year we were like, “Let's just fucking do it.” It's a lot of maintenance! It's not easy being a black woman. It looks like shit every morning. You've gotta wrap your head up in a do-rag or a silk scarf. There are tons of time and energy. You can't jump in a pool, you can't touch water. You're like a gremlin. No, Gizmo! Was Gizmo a gremlin?
Advertisement
AVC: Gizmo was a Mogwai.
EA: I'm like a Mogwai! You can wet them little gremlins up.
AVC: What was the original pitch for the show like? I can't imagine people could really understand what you wanted to do based on conversations.
Advertisement
EA: I didn't pitch it like a verbal pitch. Me, Hannibal, and my two creative partners—Andrew Barchilon and Kitao Sakurai, they direct the show—we filmed a little seven-minute sizzle reel in an abandoned bodega in the middle of Bushwick. We shopped it around to all the networks and everybody passed on it except Adult Swim, who loved it. They were the only network that liked it. Everybody else was like, “Ehh, no thanks.”
AVC: The first couple of “on the street” segments this year are a little more intense than they've been in years past. There's the guy who throws your microphone, and it looks like he's really going to hit you for a minute.
EA: Yeahhhhhh. That guy was upset.
AVC: Have you ever been hit?
EA: I haven't been decked. I almost got punched in the face on the subway twice, for the same bit. But people didn't want to touch me because I was covered in milk and Froot Loops, so I just reeked. It was like the hottest day of the summer, too, so the whole subway just stunk and I looked like a lunatic. People didn't really want to touch me. I always kind of want to get punched, because then I know that the bit is effective and it'll play well and be exciting to watch. But if I get my jaw broken I'm pretty much fucked unless it's the last bit of the season. I'll have to go to the hospital, and then I can't talk, and I can get sued. That could really throw production into a tizzy. I got arrested the first year and it was bad. I got arrested during a bit, but thank god it was the last bit of the day. I spent the night in jail and got back to set in the morning. But yeah, anytime you really get hurt or get arrested, it's bad for production.
Advertisement
AVC: I'm frequently worried on your behalf that someone you approach on the street or startle somewhere is going to have a heart attack.
EA: Yeah, that's also a concern that we just push to the back of our brains.
AVC: Have you ever had an idea for an on-the-street segment that you wouldn't do, that was over some kind of line?
Advertisement
EA: There's a bunch. I have a list of 500 street segments in my computer that we have to whittle down to like 40. There's a bunch that get cut by legal or they're impossible to produce… I had a bit last year where I wanted to drive a car into a marching band and seriously injure six or seven people, and then my directors are like, “We can't do that. That's illegal.” [Laughs.] “Don't get us wrong—creatively we're on board.” But we can't really do that. It would be cool, visually.
AVC: What about the in-studio guests? Are there questions that you think of that you wouldn't ask?
EA: [Laughs.] All the fucking time. You never wanna be mean, you just wanna be absurd or incompetent. Anybody can be a dick. It's not funny to be mean. It's funnier to just be inept. We do come up with joke questions that we immediately throw away all the time. We were going to interview Steve Schirripa [Bobby “Bacala” Baccalieri] of The Sopranos, like “Did you motorboat James Gandolfini in his casket?” [Makes motorboat noise.] We all looked at each other cracking up, but thinking, “We could never. It's completely unethical and heartless.” We're sociopaths, but within reason. We're sadists, but within reason.
Advertisement
AVC: How long are guests typically in the chair?
EA: Like 45 minutes to an hour, then we shave it down to the best three minutes.
AVC: Do you start off slowly and get them comfortable?
EA: I used to. Sacha Baron Cohen does that. He'll start out really simple, and then say something really fucked-up or offensive, and then cushion the fucked-up shit. I heard that he does that. I used to kind of do that, too. This year, I was just like, “Fuck it, I want people to walk out during interviews. Fuck this god damn show, I hope it fucking crashes into the ocean.” The last two years I was worried and didn't want to piss off guests too much, because they'd go to their agent, and the agent will send out a memo to the rest of the agents and then you won't get other guests… This year I was like, “What the fuck ever. Who cares? Who gives a shit about this stupid show?”
Advertisement
AVC: I assume that people know what they're in for after two seasons. Is that not the case?
EA: Some people don't even know the name of the show when they get to the set! People are flying blind. I guess they talk to their publicists for five seconds. Maybe they think that it's a wacky talk show, they don't think it's a talk show run by two sadists. So I have people do promos for the show and they'll be like, “You're watching… What's the name of the show?” I'll be like, “The Hannibal Anderson show.”
AVC: It seems like Lou Ferrigno has been the most contentious guest.
EA: Did you watch the Lauren Conrad one?
AVC: She seemed game, but it looked like she might throw up at one point.
EA: Her publicist flipped out on us and tried to get us banned. Her agent tried to get us banned from clients. The publicist tried to get us banned from all their clients. They called us and said, “You can't air this!” It was chaos. They were like, “He drew a swastika on his face!” The publicist literally said this: “He drew a swastika on his face, and my grandparents died in the Holocaust!” I'm black and Jewish. Hannibal's black. My two directors are both Jewish. We're not exactly the Aryan Nation. Pipe down. They were trying to use that to prove how fucked up I am. They fuckin' hate us. [Laughs.]
Advertisement
AVC: Is there pressure from the network to not air something like that?
EA: No, Adult Swim is the most supportive… They were like, “This is awesome! Best interview ever!” They had my back. The best thing was a week later we got Jimmy Kimmel on the show. I'm e-mailing Jimmy Kimmel and he's like, “I'd love to do the show, let me just CC my publicist on this.” And then it was the same publicity company as Lauren Conrad. They just had to eat their words and be like, “When would you like Mr. Kimmel to show up?” It's all in jest, too, you know what I mean? I'm not doing it to be purposely mean to Lauren Conrad. I'm not like, “Fuck Lauren Conrad, I'm punk rock!” I just like being absurd and trying to make the most inept talk-show interview possible. I'm in character. I'm playing this completely incompetent, schizophrenic talk-show host. I explained to her afterward, as she was running out of the studio, “I'm just playing a psychopath talk-show host. It's all love, it's all in jest.” Stephen Colbert is not a right-wing nut. Ali G isn't really a gangster. I'm taking on a persona, and some people don't get that.
AVC: It's interesting that you have those conversations.
EA: I never have them until afterward, and unless I have to. I want them in the moment to think I'm a lunatic because it makes for a genuine reaction, makes it more exciting to watch. If Ali G came out beforehand and said, “I'm playing a crazy guy,” it'd be lame. It's better when Newt Gingrich actually thinks Ali G is that stupid.
Advertisement
AVC: Is your character an expression of your id?
EA: Totally. I think that's accurate. Just like Howard Stern. It's just him saying everything as if there were no repercussions. In person he's just a cool, calm, collected dude. I'd say the show is me doing an impression of myself and Hannibal doing an impression of himself, with all our idiosyncrasies to the nth degree.
AVC: You said something in an interview a while back about this show representing the “demons in your brain,” which was a funny line.
Advertisement
EA: Hmm. I say a bunch of bullshit. I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. I'm really dumb as shit. I went to a music school. I don't know anything. I'm a real doofus. I'm a real dum-dum.
AVC: Is that just an interview character you're playing?
EA: You'll never know. I'm taking it to the fucking grave!
AVC: What else are you working on?
EA: I'm in Toronto filming a new show for FXX with Jay Baruchel. It's produced by Broadway Video, and it was created by Simon Rich, who was an SNL writer. It's called Man Seeking Woman, and it's coming out in January.
Advertisement
AVC: Is it funny?
EA: No, it's actually like an MSNBC prison documentary. No, it's funny. It's kind of like sitcom meets sketch comedy, like [The Secret Life Of] Walter Mitty. It starts out in a normal, grounded world, then it goes into this hyperbolic fantasy world. There's a scene where Jay gets dumped by his girlfriend and he's heartbroken, then I reveal that she's dating somebody new. I'm like, “It's this guy Adolf,” and he's like, “Adolf… Hitler?” And he's like, “Sure, you know him?” Then we go to a party and Bill Hader's playing Hitler, in special effects makeup, he's like 150 years old, in a wheelchair. He's the life of the party, and Jay's like, “What the fuck?” That's the gist.
AVC: Is your hair straightened in that role?
EA: My hair's not straightened! It sucked. My hair was long for the pilot, like a big afro. Then I chemically straightened it, and your hair's like permanently damaged when you do that. So I had to chop it all off. I was even taking hair pills to make it grow back out faster. I was growing my afro for a couple of years. Now it's short as shit, I fucking hate it. But totally worth it. I do not regret doing the Katt Williams look. This is my dream: I did Katt Williams for season three. For season four I want to lose a ton of weight. I want to look like Christian Bale in The Machinist, and get my hair like Basquiat, so I'm just this emaciated weirdo. And then season five of The Eric André Show I want to Bic my head bald and Bic my eyebrows and my facial hair and gain a ton of weight, but also get really muscular like E. Honda from Street Fighter, and then put a toupee on, off-center, and do eyebrow toupees, so I look like a burn-victim E. Honda. That's season five. Those are the looks I'm thinking about.
CENTENARY farmer Philip Ranken is still holed up in his farm after a group representing a British citizen invaded his property late last week.
BY RICHARD CHIDZA
Ranken's application to the High Court for an interdict to have British medical practitioner, Sylvester Nyatsuro's “agents” removed flopped after his lawyer reportedly failed to attend the hearing in chambers.
“My lawyer had a family problem and failed to attend, but we will be appealing. I am an African and a Zimbabwean, but some people think they can rough up other citizens using the race card because I am white. It is not right,” he told NewsDay.
Ranken, however, said his tormentors were still manning gates to his house, while his family was still locked inside.
“They allowed me to go onto the fields this morning, but refused to let me in. I had to use another way in because my wife was still inside,” the besieged farmer said.
Ranken, through his son, early this week approached the High Court seeking an interdict to have British medical practitioner Nyatsuro's “agents” removed from his 100-hectare tobacco farm.
Barry, through his lawyers Mugiya and Macharaga, pleaded for a provisional order to rescue his father who he said is a heart patient.
“The second applicant (Ranken) is running out of food and first respondent and his agents do not seem to care. He is a heart patient and his health is fast deteriorating such that if this court does not act on urgent basis, the situation could get worse,” he said.
Lands and Resettlement minister Douglas Mombeshora, the officer in charge of ZRP Centenary and Police Commissioner-General Augustine Chihuri are cited as second, third, fourth and fifth respondents respectively in the application.
Mashonaland Central police spokesperson, Petros Masikati was not available for comment, while Nyatsuro's wife Veronica, was also unreachable.
Police spokesperson Charity Charamba's phone also went unanswered.
By yesterday Ranken said he had not heard from the police, who took a statement from him earlier in the week after initially declining to act because “we do not deal with land issues”.
Nyatsuro, 45, is said to hold a British passport, having moved to the United Kingdom from Zimbabwe around 2003.
The general practitioner reportedly runs a slimming clinic, Willows Medical Centre, in Nottingham, England.
f
The Inevitable Future of Bitcoin Chain Splits
Rhett Creighton Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 14, 2017
If you're still wondering how the blocksize debate will end, I can spoil that for you right now. Bitcoin will fork into a minority and a majority chain. This will play out similar to the Ethereum/Ethereum-Classic fork.
In fact, I'm almost surprised it hasn't happened yet, but right now, we're in the phase where each side is still positioning themselves to increase market share.
What Does This Mean for Holders?
Your private key will now control tokens on 2 different chains. In the stock market, this is similar to what happened when Ebay split into 2 companies, Ebay and Paypal. People who held Ebay stock suddenly had equal shares in each company.
The total value you hold is now the sum of the two tokens. If the sum is greater than the value of the original tokens, holders make a net profit from the investment.
Holders can choose to sell only one side of a fork. This would be similar to selling ETC and holding ETH after the ETH/ETC split. Obviously, they could also choose to sell or hold both.
Sigh, Sidechains
The answer to innovating new blockchains, while rewarding early holders of Bitcoin was supposed to be “sidechains”. Shortly after this whitepaper was written, Blockstream raised $21M dollars. Now, $71M dollars and several years later, they have released something called alpha, which is a federated peg.
A federated peg is functionally equivalent to having an exchange like Coinbase or Poloniex run your sidechain. It works as long as you trust the federation to hold your coins. It's a far cry from the trustless two-way-peg that was hinted at in the original whitepaper, but never delivered.
Why is this “Inevitable”?
Forking is just too darn easy. The blockchain is out there publicly for anyone to fork. It's trivial compared to running a two-way-peg.
What's Next?
Depending on who you ask, the ETH/ETC split was either the best thing or the worst thing for that ecosystem.
Observers can get a sneak preview of what's likely to come to Bitcoin with the ZCL split in April.
Disclaimer
This is not investment advice. Cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile. I have no idea how a split will play out. It could fail in many ways which include technical failures or splitting the community. People who invest in any cryptocurrency can lose all of their money.
First Look: Rain Honolulu
With tasty shareable plates and an interesting drink menu, this swanky restaurant on not-so-swanky Fort Street Mall is an unexpected date-night spot.
By James Charisma
Rain's Brussels sprouts, left, are sautéed with macadamia nuts, a Hawaiian honey vinaigrette and shaved Pecorino cheese. Cocktails are standouts, including the Royal Meli with Old Overhold rye whiskey, a macadamia-nut liqueur and local honey.
Photos: James Charisma
When you think of spots for swanky fine dining and drinks, Fort Street Mall in Downtown Honolulu may not be the first place that comes to mind. But Rain, a new upscale restaurant and bar at the corner of South Pauahi and Fort streets (across from Subway and around the corner from Hawai‘i Pacific University) is quickly establishing itself as exactly that: a hip and elegant new destination.
It's hard to tell what Rain is from the outside at first glance. Its darkened windows and simple umbrella logo sign give the impression of some sort of nightclub. And wasn't this an arcade at some point fairly recently?
But step inside and everything changes. Right at the front doors, you're standing before the perfect date-night dining room, full bar at the back and, on the second floor, a private event space overlooking the restaurant. All under the cool purple and pink glow of lamps and artificial ambient lighting.
The ambient lighting inside turns this spot into a date-worthy restaurant.
Rain is the latest venture by Chicago restaurateurs Robbie Baldwin, Joey Luna and Robb Savvy who, along with Hawai‘i's own entertainer and entrepreneur Lanai Tabura, opened LGBT-friendly nightclub Scarlet Honolulu next door and the recently opened (and closed) Passport sandwich shop a few storefronts down along Fort Street Mall. The food here is intended as a shared-plate experience and the drinks are divided into house cocktails, martinis and wines. Created by chef Brooks Hart, known for stints at Chicago's popular Bar Pastoral cheese and wine bar and on Food Network's Cooks vs. Cons television show, menu items include chicken wings, scallops, lamb ribs, pot roast and what a waiter recommends as “the best Brussels sprouts on the island.” Sides and starters go for between $8 and $16 and bigger plates are in the $16 to $35 range.
Sitting down for dinner one night, the Brussels sprouts ($8) are as good as described, sautéed with macadamia nuts, a Hawaiian honey vinaigrette and shaved Pecorino cheese. The sweet vinaigrette combined with the salty cheese to elevate the flavor without trampling the taste of the rich sprouts, with the macadamia nuts doing the job of what might be pine nuts (if this was the Mainland).
The griddled gem wedge salad features squash and fennel with a buttermilk dressing.
The griddled gem wedge salad ($11) is also a winner, featuring a big slice of lettuce topped with squash and fennel, brown-butter croutons and buttermilk dressing. The buttermilk leaned more toward a savory olive oil consistency than ranch dressing, filling without feeling heavy. Squash and fennel add the right kind of complexity, too. The salad could've done with less of the dressing, but it's hard to complain when it tastes this good.
A large plate, the glazed pork shoulder ($19) arrived as a mound of pulled pork atop golden polenta. You're supposed to share these dishes, but I'm not sure how people will resist digging in with big spoonfuls. The pork is soft, rich and not at all fatty. The polenta makes a perfect match.
The only disappointment was the Ni‘ihau lamb ribs ($16), eight generous pieces on the bone, lollipop style. The ribs have a rich flavor, but they're chewy and tough as a two-dollar steak. Worse, they're sticky like a caramel apple, which leaves a mess as you fumble to tear them apart. I felt pride at supporting Hawai‘i-bred lamb, but I also felt a sore jaw afterward.
The glazed pork shoulder is rich, matching perfectly with the polenta.
I tried two house cocktails, both $12. First was the Lady ʻŌlena, with Stolichnaya vodka, Barrow's Intense ginger liqueur, limoncello and fresh lemon. It's served with a sprig of rosemary to brush across the lip of the glass. Rosemary works as an antihistamine, opening up nasal passages and offsetting the strong citrus flavors.
The Royal Meli came next, with Old Overholt rye whiskey, macadamia-nut liqueur, honey from the Big Island and lemon. This second drink wasn't too sweet, and the whiskey wasn't lost amid the liqueur and honey.
Quick disclaimer on the drinks: The martinis come with a “sidecar” refill served in a fishbowl containing ice. Which means that, for $12, you're essentially getting two cocktails—one in your martini glass and one to reload with.
Rain's happy hour runs from 4:30 to 6 p.m. nightly, with classic martinis for $8 and three different house wines for $5. And, for a limited time, there's an additional bonus: a new late-night happy hour from 9 to 11 p.m. with the same martinis for $5. Hurray!
Despite the lamb, which should've been left on Ni‘ihau, I'm impressed by my experience at Rain. Not just by the menu and drinks and atmosphere but by the concept. Crowds looking to go to Scarlet can arrive early and enjoy dinner and pre-party drinks before heading next door. Rain closes at 11 p.m., right when the nightclub scene begins picking up and, the waiter says, on Friday nights, guests dining at Rain are allowed into Scarlet without having to pay the door cover.
Even without the adjacent nightclub, Rain's food is a well priced for the quality and the ambiance. It's close enough to be within walking distance of Chinatown while still tucked away enough to become everybody's new “secret spot.”
Rain Honolulu, 1138 Fort Street Mall, 808-200-0910, rainhonolulu.com
Twice a year, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce convenes what it calls its Committee of 100 — which is composed of heads of regional chambers and Washington trade associations. They hear about the business climate from the chamber's longtime president, Thomas J. Donohue, and about the political landscape from Bruce Josten, its chief lobbyist.
In the summer of 2012, a few months before the elections, the bulk of the meeting, according to people who were there, was devoted to one subject: the importance of electing Republicans. The Chamber of Commerce — which once supported its share of pro-business Democrats — went almost completely to the Republican side, spending millions to oppose such Democratic senatorial candidates as Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts; Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, who was up for re-election; and former Gov. Tim Kaine of Virginia. It ran ads against Senator Claire McCaskill, a Democrat from Missouri who often took pro-business positions, accusing her of being anti-jobs because she supported the Affordable Care Act.
The chamber had done much the same thing during the 2010 midterms, with great success, helping to hand the House of Representatives to the Republicans, thanks largely to the influx of Tea Party freshmen. Now, said the chamber brass, it was time to finish the job and give the country a Republican Senate as well.
As it turns out, the 2012 strategy was a flop. According to The Washington Post, the chamber's candidates lost in 13 of the 15 Senate races it poured money into. On the House side, the chamber went four for 22. Thus did the chamber find itself in the worst of all worlds. It had alienated Democrats, including the kind of pro-business Democrats who believe in the sort of practical politics that business prefers. Yet it had also helped usher in the Tea Party, only to discover that its strain of right-wing populism was as disdainful of business as it was of government.
Eight years ago I wrote a post called Opportunity: Windows is completely missing the TextMode boat. The language is dated...
I assume we all realize that there are literally millions of Windows machines from 95 to XP that exist only to allow more than one Telnet/ProcommPlus/Terminal window at a time, so end-users can interact with remote systems.
...but the point is there.
I'm just saying that my Tab,Tab,Tab,Enter will beat your Click,Tab,Alt-F,O,Click,Double-Click, more often than not and I will take the Pepsi Challenge otherwise.
Command Lines are faster than Graphical User Interfaces. Command Lines and all the things we string together within them are DSLs (Domain Specific Languages) for Getting Stuff Done™.
How often have you seen (or worse yet, written) a graphical interface to express or build something like that could be more tersely expressed as "/^[a-z0-9_-]{3,16}$/"?
Other than the Address Bar, the Command Line isn't something you see a lot on the web...yet. We have been seeing more and more sites embracing hotkeys, though.
We've seen Google products embracing Vi's "hjkl" cursor movement and nearly everyone pops up hotkey help by pressing "?". I use the Twitter website and its hotkeys more than a 3rd party Twitter client.
While we all love bash, zsh, PowerShell and many other shells, it's interesting to me that the command line is infiltrating the web itself.
Command Lines on the Web
Search engines have been the obvious place for Web Command Lines to pop up. Google and Bing each allow us to use their search boxes as Calculators. Google even supports Bacon Numbering!
Perhaps the first example I saw of a "Web Command Line" was the Rails Day submission YubNub in 2005 by Jonathan Aquino. Futz.I is another example that uses URLs as its command line. DuckDuckGo - the little search engine that could - is fast becoming the search engine for the hardcore command liners. DDG supports what they call "Bang Syntax." Make any query and add a !keyword and you're taking to a custom search. There's the obvious ones like !g for Google but also !code, !csharp and hundreds more. You can even extend DuckDuckGo and Submit your own Bang command!
Jeff talked about the Address Bar as Command Line in 2009 but I think the command line is starting to go even father than the address bar. Why not embed the concept of a command line in the website itself?
Moving from simple search to more complex navigational schemes, GitHub recently announced their Command Bar, which is a fantastic example of a Web Command Line. It supports an easily learned series of chained commands so I can quickly jump to any user, any project, any issue and more.
It's funny how we, the makers of the web, prefer to spend time managing the Web from the command line. The Windows Azure Team spent a lot of time recently updating the Management Portal with amazing new features and a nice new HTML5 website, but I've ended up managing my Cloud applications with the Azure Command Line in cmd.exe or PowerShell.
For me, it's simply faster, clearer and more obvious.
scott@hanselmac:~$ npm install azure
npm http GET https://registry.npmjs.org/azure
...a bunch of GETS...
scott@hanselmac:~$ azure
info: _ _____ _ ___ ___
info: /_\ |_ / | | | _ \ __|
info: _ ___/ _ \__/ /| |_| | / _|___ _ _
info: (___ /_/ \_\/___|\___/|_|_\___| _____)
info: (_______ _ _) _ ______ _)_ _
info: (______________ _ ) (___ _ _)
info:
info: Windows Azure: Microsoft's Cloud Platform
info:
info: Tool version 0.6.0
...a bunch of help stuff...
HTTP itself becomes friendly and fun at the command line with tools like HTTPie that allow me to almost write HTTP on the command line!
Firefox 16's Beta Channel recently added a Firefox Command Line. You can explore your DOM, HTTP response, cookies, elements, everything all from a simple command line. Why click an element when you know you want to "inspect #mainbar"?
Learning sites like TryRuby, TryF#, Codecademy, PexForFun, and dozens more embed textboxes as command lines, and surprisingly users don't freak out when they see them. I must say I still remember the first day I saw TryRuby in a browser. I was blown away.
Luke Lowrey went so far as to make "NetBash" a command line for admins to manage websites! It's all web-based but pops up almost Quake-style as an overlay within your browser. Brilliant. NetBash is on GitHub.
What sites have you seen with embedded Command Lines? What web-based tools or sites have used a Command Line and DSL in a way that surprised you?
Sponsor: Thanks to DevExpress for sponsoring this week's feed. Multi-channel experiences made easy: Discover DXTREME. Delight your users with apps designed expressly for their device. DXTREME, multi-channel tools build stunning apps across devices & optimize for the best of each platform, from Win8 to the iPhone. And, the powerful HTML5, CSS and JavaScript tools in DXTREME also build interactive web apps.
Roxanne Jones is a founding editor of ESPN The Magazine and a former vice president at ESPN. She is a national lecturer on sports, entertainment and women's topics and a recipient of the 2010 Woman of the Year award from Women in Sports and Events. She is the co-author of " Say It Loud: An Illustrated History of the Black Athlete " and CEO of the Push Marketing Group. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.
(CNN) All eyes were glued to the big guy in the gym. Red-faced and sweaty, he must have been benching more than 300 pounds. But the weights were slipping. Just as it looked as if he was going to get crushed by the immense burden dangling over his head, he tossed the weights up like it was no problem at all and popped up from the bench. He may have looked down for a minute, but he would not be defeated.
The gym was silent. Everyone was impressed. But the thing I noticed most as he strutted around gasping for air was his Penn State University T-shirt.
"That's right," I thought as I rode the elliptical machine at my local gym a few days ago. "That's how we do. We are Penn State."
It was the first time since 2011, when the horrific Jerry Sandusky child abuse scandal was revealed, that I felt any pride or connection to my alma mater. In 2012, Sandusky, the former assistant football coach, was sentenced to 30-60 years in prison for the sexual abuse of 10 boys after tearful testimony from his victims.
Since then, I've wanted no association with the school or the culture that valued winning football games above protecting children from rape. And when my son was accepted to Penn State that year, we tossed the acceptance letter in the trash. My own Penn State sweatshirt was stuffed deep in the back of the closet.
I am a Nittany Lion and I was ashamed.
Sadly, my new-found pride was short-lived. In an attempt to restore the university's reputation, Pennsylvania state officials led by Senate Majority Leader Jake Corman and state Treasurer Rob McCord, filed a suit against the NCAA. They wanted all sanctions the NCAA placed against the school be lifted. The NCAA had reached beyond its authority in punishing Penn State, they argued.
In other words, their lawsuit had nothing to do with the boys who were raped or abused by Sandusky. It had nothing to do with the fact that head football coach Joe Paterno, who died in 2012 , and others at the school had been alerted to this abuse as early as 1998 and did very little to make sure it stopped. Nope, Corman and others wanted redemption for Penn State, based on a loophole over the authority of the NCAA to punish the football program.
The NCAA caved, ruling last week to restore Penn State's 112 wins wiped out during the Sandusky scandal, including the 111 wins erased from the record of head football coach Joe Paterno -- all the victories after the first time police were called by a mother reporting that Sandusky had showered with her 10-year-old son on the Penn State campus back in 1998.
And the $60 million dollar fine the NCAA levied against the school? Well, now instead of the NCAA collecting the fine and spending the dollars nationally, the ruling allows the university to keep the money but commit to spending the $60 million in Pennsylvania to fund in-state child abuse programs only. Other sanctions lifted by the NCAA ruling, include ending a five-year probation period and scholarship and transfer rules.
We teach our kids when they do wrong to face up to it, take their punishment without complaint or excuses and move on. Then, go out into the world and show everyone you are better than your lowest moments. It takes courage, integrity and leadership.
That is what Penn State needed to do. And so, for me, this is not a proud day for Penn State.
We've cheated the system, bullied our way back into the record books. And we've told the world once again that in Happy Valley winning is more important than anything. All those boys who were raped? Well, that's not our problem. What's important is making sure coach Paterno's 409-136-3 is restored.
We've cheated the system, bullied our way back into the record books. Roxanne Jones
"The whole thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth," said Mister Mann Frisby, a Penn State alum, and track coach for more than 11 years.
"The NCAA sanctions athletes for the smallest things -- you take a parent to lunch, it's a violation. You help a student-athlete pay for airfare for their parent to see a game, it's a violation. Students lose eligibility, sports programs are punished. And now, the NCAA is lifting sanctions after boys were molested and raped on his watch and he did little or nothing to stop it. This sends a terrible message," said Frisby, who was the first person in his family to graduate from college.
This weekend, social media is abuzz with Penn State fans applauding the NCAA decision, feeling vindicated. For many others, me included, this ruling and the reaction from the Nittany Lion Nation wipes away any bonhomie the university was gaining over the past three years.
"It is hard to believe that the NCAA and the school could take the most nauseating, the most horrifying, the most indefensible institutionalization of corruption in American sports -- the Jerry Sandusky scandal -- and make it worse, but today they just did," said ESPN's Keith Olbermann said on his show Friday.
It seemed that the university was trying to clean up its act. Joe Paterno and university president Graham Spanier had been fired. Both of those things needed to happen. The board of trustees had ushered in changes. The Sandusky trial ended after months of testimony almost too unbearable to watch as abuse victim after abuse victim told their painful stories about being raped and molested by Sandusky. A new coach was brought in and the team started winning.
That's how healing happens; how forgiveness happens. One day at a time, trying to do better, be better than you were yesterday. There is no short cut on the road to redemption. Even coach Paterno knew that:
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good." -- Joe Paterno
JoePa may be back atop the record books as the "winningest coach ever," but he was not an honorable man -- not when it came to putting the lives and safety of children above football. And no NCAA ruling can change that history.
Shortly after MSNBC's Morning Joe announced that an independent conservative candidate could be launching a presidential campaign Monday, Buzzfeed reported the candidate in question was Republican policy staffer Evan McMullin.
McMullin, who is unmarried and has never held elected office, serves as chief policy director for House Republicans. He is a veteran of the CIA and holds an MBA from the Wharton School of Business. In addition to his eleven years in the CIA, he also worked with the United Nations vetting Middle Eastern refugees and worked for three years at Goldman Sachs.
While highly respected in the Republican world, McMullin does not have a large social media following, or much of a following at all for that matter. In the minutes before Buzzfeed's report came out, he had only 117 Twitter followers. When he does intermittently tweet, criticism of Donald Trump is common.
Authoritarians like @realDonaldTrump use promises of law & order to justify infringing on civil rights as they consolidate control by force. — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) July 22, 2016
Opposing @realDonaldTrump is about putting principle over power, a virtue some in Washington are too quick to abandon. #NeverTrump — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) May 7, 2016
Still, McMullin reportedly has “the backing of serious Republican donors and fundraisers,” according to Buzzfeed. Aiding his campaign will be Rick Wilson, the GOP consultant who has emerged as one of the most fiery Trump critics this cycle.
[Image via screengrab/Twitter]
——
>>Follow Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
North Korea released footage of American captive Otto Warmbier's "crime against the state" on Thursday, March 17, a day after sentencing the 21-year-old college student to 15 years of hard labor.
According to North Korean officials, Warmbier's crime was allegedly stealing a propaganda banner from his hotel corridor during his stay at the Yanggakdo International Hotel in the capital of Pyongyang. North Korea's state-run news agency showed the alleged footage of Warmbier entering a supposed restricted area and removing the banner from his hotel wall.
The item reportedly included the name of Kim Jong-il, the late father of current leader Kim Jong-un, but that portion was censored by the state-run media agency. The other part of it reads: "Let's love Korea strongly with patriotism!"
His North Korean tour guide and other eyewitnesses identified Warmbier as the perp. The college junior at the University of Virginia was then arrested as he was boarding a plane on January 2, and he has been detained ever since.
An emotionally distraught Warmbier broke down while apologizing for the incident.
"I committed the crime of taking down a political slogan from the staff holding area of the Yanggakdo International Hotel," he said at the time. "I never, never should have allowed myself to be lured by the United States administration to commit a crime in this country. I wish that the United States administration never manipulated people like myself in the future to commit crimes against foreign countries. I entirely beg you, the people and government of the DPRK, for your forgiveness. Please! I made the worst mistake of my life!"
While the U.S. State Department and White House are currently calling for Warmbier's release, tensions with North Korea and the U.S. continue to escalate. On Wednesday, President Barack Obama ordered additional sanctions against the hermit state, which recently launched several nuclear and missile tests.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
If you believe the New York Times, the arrival of "latched" gates at our subway stations this summer is a "milestone," a sign that L.A. is entering municipal adulthood and becoming more like our vastly superior East Coast counterparts.
Or, it's just something to make most of us shrug:
Metro is officially locking up turnstyles starting tomorrow morning at Union Station's East Portal.
Continue Reading
Your mandatory TAP card will open the gates of civilization. And thus L.A. will join the rest of the Western world in using the small fork for salads. Or something like that.
In New York they had "jumping the turnstyles." In L.A. we have walking through the open turnstyles.
Metro's Paul Gonzalez explained it like this to us: Subways are fairly new to Los Angeles, and the transit authority didn't want anything to distract people from using it.
Calla Cakes / LA Weekly Flickr pool.
So they made it as easy as possible. So easy, in fact, that many people were riding free because getting on the trains was based on the honor system.
But we've come a long way since 1990, when the first Blue Line light rail trains started running from Long Beach to downtown. Gonzalez says Metro trains now see 360,000 boardings a day.
"It's not 1990 anymore," he says.
Get caught without a pass and it's a $250 fine. But patrolling miles of subway is difficult, and it's easy to slip through the cracks.
No more. Sort of.
Metro will slowly roll out the latches at 42 stations starting Wednesday (the locks have already been tested but have not officially been launched) and lasting through February, Gonzalez said.
The next stations to get the latch treatment will include the Wilshire Boulevard and Normandie Avenue stop, July 1, Wilshire and Western Avenue and Vermont Avenue and Beverly Boulevard July 8, he said.
In fact the Purple (above) and Red lines should be done by Aug. 26, Gonzalez said. The latching will then apply to light rail, where possible, too, he said.
That doesn't mean that the system will be locked up tight. There are stops where the design makes locking up the gates unfeasible, Gonzelez said.
The program means that Metro will be in line with its transit partners that are signing on to use the same TAP cards.
In other words, it wouldn't be fare for Metro to neglect its duty to collect fares when its sharing the cash with an increasing number of transit agencies throughout Southern California.
current events / LA Weekly Flickr pool
TAP is being used by 10 agencies and Metrolink and by this time next year that number will be 25 and will including Santa Monica's Big Blue Bus and Long Beach transit, Gonzalez said:
You'll be able to go from Montebello to the Antelope Valley. We are this large community of people who travel across county lines. If we can make it easy and convenient to use public transit, there's a good chance people will use it.
Aw. L.A.'s all grown up.
Send feedback and tips to the author. Follow Dennis Romero on Twitter at @dennisjromero. Follow LA Weekly News on Twitter at @laweeklynews.
Maybe it's a good idea to add the folowing:
*People can get a refund for their ticket any time as long as the XMR isn't converted to fiat, minus transaction and handling fees
*The XMR will be converted to fiat when we reach our goal (for this party 10 USD)
*The full amount will be used to organize the party
*People joining the party only need to arrange their own travel. When they arrive at the party, they don't need to pay anything (unless super expensive optional stuff :P) So the room, food, drinks etc are all included. Just have a good time and don't worry about money ;)
I think these things would incentivize others to buy their tickets :)
Where will the party be organized? Malla?
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- The words had barely escaped Peter Mortell's lips -- “I believe I'm an NFL punter” -- when the Green Bay Packers rookie's point was proven for him, albeit in an unexpected way.
Following the Packers' preseason victory over Oakland at Lambeau Field last Thursday night, Mortell found himself in a swirl of lights, cameras and questions as he stood at his locker. After another impressive performance -- he averaged 57.0 gross yards, 58.0 net yards and 4.52 seconds of hang time on his two punts -- reporters weren't so interested in his heartwarming local-boy-makes-good story as they were in the fact that he's turned the Packers' punting battle into a genuine competition with incumbent Tim Masthay.
As he spoke, though, Mortell wore a black Titleist hat -- a no-no according to Section 4, Article 7 of the NFL rule book, which states (among other things) that players on camera are prohibited from wearing logos that haven't been approved by the league office.
Ex-Packers wide receiver Bill Schroeder, the team's NFL-appointed game-day uniform inspector, sprung into action, alerting a surprised Mortell of his violation. And off went the hat.
Welcome to the NFL, kid.
“Apparently you're not allowed to wear these,” Mortell said with an embarrassed smile as he pulled his cap back on when the camera crews dispersed. “I had no idea.”
Peter Mortell has changed the narrative by looking like an NFL punter as he tries to make his hometown team. Mark Hoffman/Milwaukee Journal Sentinel via USA TODAY NETWORK
Most Packers fans, meanwhile, likely had no idea that Mortell would make a legitimate run at the punting job, as he has to this point. His backstory, as a Green Bay native and former walk-on at the University of Minnesota whose father and grandfather have served as the Lambeau Field clock operators, is a good one. But with back-to-back strong showings in games, there's now more to his story.
“There's no sentiment in the NFL; they're not going to give me a job just because I'm a local kid. And I don't want them to. I want to earn it,” Mortell said. “Regardless of where I'm from, I believe I belong in this league, and I'm going to do my best to prove that each and every time I get a chance.
“I believe I'm an NFL punter, and I think the Packers believe that, too. And to be honest, I've believed it since I signed. I think you have to. Because if you don't believe it, how are your teammates and coaches and everyone else going to? If anything, maybe it's more people -- fans, coaches and teammates -- are believing that more, starting to believe ‘He's not just a local kid. He can perform in this league.'”
Nevertheless, to argue that Mortell has moved ahead of Masthay at this point would be inaccurate. Special teams coordinator Ron Zook emphasized this week that the team will evaluate them based on what they do in games and in practice, as in-game circumstances don't always allow for true evaluation.
This week, Zook gave each punter a full day's work at practice. On Monday, Masthay averaged 46.0 yards with 4.45 seconds of hang time on 15 punts -- including one he mishit into bleachers -- with a slight wind at his back. Mortell punted 18 times on Tuesday and averaged 56.6 yards and 3.99 seconds of hang time with a stronger headwind. While Masthay has the overall advantage in leg strength and hang time, Mortell's forte is directional punting.
“Look at the games, the situations that Tim has been in as opposed to the situations that Peter has. If you look at the stats in the game, [you say], ‘Well, this is easy.' But that's not really how you can [decide],” Zook explained. “Tim had a bunch of punts going in and had the punt blocked, and those kinds of things hurt your net. They both have done some good things and both some things that they know they've got to work on.”
That said, Mortell has already outlasted Cody Mandell, the ex-Alabama punter the Packers brought in last year who didn't even make it to the first preseason game before being released. That Mortell will continue his battle with Masthay in Friday night's third preseason game at San Francisco proves he's a legit challenger.
“We're trying to give them -- both of them -- every opportunity that they possibly can [have],” Zook said.
Masthay's protection unit in games hasn't done him many favors. Against the Raiders, his first punt was almost blocked when tight end Justin Perillo was overwhelmed on the right wing, and his fourth punt was blocked for a touchdown when LaDarius Gunter missed his man on the left wing.
For the three punts he did get off, Masthay averaged 45.7 gross yards, 37.3 net yards and 4.28 seconds of hang time. His two best were a 51-yarder (4.92 seconds) and a 50-yarder (4.48 seconds).
After struggling during the second half of the 2014 season, Masthay bounced back last year with his confidence and performance. Although he was unhappy with how he kicked in the Packers' season-ending playoff loss to Arizona, he actually finished the regular season strong.
Although he set the franchise record -- for the fifth time -- for net punting average last season at 40.2 yards, Masthay has always viewed his job as “day-to-day,” knowing that in 2008, the Packers cut their punter from the previous two seasons, Jon Ryan, at the end of training camp. While Ryan has gone on to become one of the league's top punters with Seattle, his successors -- Derrick Frost and Jeremy Kapinos -- were disappointments before Masthay won the job in 2010.
“Ask Jon Ryan. That's what happens around the league,” Masthay said. “I've been very pleased this camp with my hang time. I've been hitting bigger hang times on a more consistent basis than I ever have before. Those two punts [against Oakland] were examples of that. I'm pleased with that and I'm going to try to keep doing that.”
Nobody is arguing that the Komen Foundation doesn't have the right to turn themselves into an anti-stem-cell-research, anti-environmentalism, anti-Planned-Parenthood outfit. We may think it a poor fit with the whole supposed "fighting cancer" premise, but what the hell: The landscape is dotted with prominent nonprofits that actually do very little in support of their supposed core mission, so one more hardly makes a dent.
But people absolutely have the right to judge those nonprofits. You know, like Planned Parenthood is continually judged, because they help even low-income women get birth control and yes, on occasion, abortions. Komen picked sides in a very vicious ongoing fight; now, in a move that should surprise nobody but is apparently surprising an entire half of the political spectrum, their own past supporters are picking sides too. That's hardly victimization, and to paint people withdrawing from funding Komen in order to fund other groups as being some sort of thuggery, while at the very same time praising efforts to shutdown other nonprofit groups entirely—now that's just idiotic.
Yes, if you turn a nonprofit endeavor into a ideological fight, you're going to get an ideological fight in return. Yes, when you spend a decade or more trying to defund nonprofit groups whose goals you disagree with, it may (shockingly!) turn out that other people also have an interest in supporting only groups that better match their own beliefs. There are plenty of groups that raise money to fight cancer; what Komen has going for it is a branding juggernaut, but no actual expertise or infrastructure that isn't perhaps done better elsewhere. They are their brand. If they foul up their brand by turning it political, that's their decision—and their problem.
This victimization routine, however, is so commonplace as to have become rote. Pointing out the vastly increased gap between the welfare of the very rich and very poor over the last 40 years couldn't possibly be valid criticism: No, it's class warfare against the rich. Maintaining the same balance between church and state as the founders themselves wrote about as essential; that's an attack on religion. And let's not even get started on how oppressed conservative white guys are. According to deep thinkers like Rush Limbaugh and the Fox brain trust, conservative white guys are the most discriminated-against people on the planet.
Contribute to Planned Parenthood
Note how hardcoded these conservatives are towards the presumption of victimization. Any pushback at all is immediately considered thuggery, no matter how it might pale in scope to the original thing it was pushing back against. It's just wired in, somehow: If you are a conservative, then part and parcel of that is believing that the whole world is out to oppress you. It might be Agenda 21, or climate scientists, or atheists, or gay people, or black people, but the common thread is abject fear over the possibility of someone out there treating conservatives exactly like conservatives treat them.
I'll agree: In this case, the widespread public blowback against the Komen Foundation has been severe, and will likely continue to be severe. They have irreparably associated their well-honed brand with angoing, bitter ideological fight, and they have chosen sides on that fight. They may not be able to recover. But it's hardly thuggery for people to take their money elsewhere as a result. We're not demanding Congress shut them down, or vowing to have public hearings on Capitol Hill, or any of those other now-commonplace tactics. People are just vowing to donate to other groups instead. It's a free country, right?
Authorities say an off-duty police officer with the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission shot a man who illegally entered his home in Laurel.
Agency spokeswoman Ayoka Blandford says in a statement that the home-invasion suspect was shot in the arm Sunday afternoon and has been apprehended. She says his injuries are not life-threatening.
Prince George's County Police Officer Tyler Hunter says his agency will likely release more details Monday. He declined to disclose the races of the home-invasion suspect or the officer who shot him.
Blandford says the officer has served with the sanitary commission for one year. She says he worked for the University of Maryland-Baltimore for 20 years.
The Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission is a water and wastewater utility serving 1.8 million residents in Prince George's and Montgomery counties.
Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-NY) predicted Saturday on MSNBC that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would get less than 1 percent of the African-American vote, reasoning that African-Americans are not dumb.
“[Trump] will get less than one percent of the African-American vote,” Meeks said. “I think he's going to have African-Americans excited and running to the polls come November 8th. African-Americans are not dumb. They understand who is for them and who is against them. It became crystal clear to everyone, and it should be not just an African-American issue. It's an American issue. It's a sad day in America when you have someone who is a presidential nominee who is dividing and who is lying outright — show the videotape of him saying one thing and then listen to him the next day and he says something else. So, African-Americans are not going to be tricked.”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
The contrast could not be greater between the bromide-driven slate of Republican candidates promising thoughts and prayers after “this senseless tragedy” and President Obama in his understandable fury and near despair over the political cowering to the gun industry and its lobbyists. Mass shootings have become an unsurprising part of American life, with lame public rituals in which politicians express grief and then retreat quickly into denial about this scourge.
The gun lobby has such a grip on Congress that it has successfully squelched most federal research on the problem. It wasn't until last year that the Federal Bureau of Investigation, prompted by the White House, issued a report confirming that mass shootings have been rising significantly in recent years.
In a 13-year study, analysts found that while the average number of annual shooting sprees with multiple casualties was 6.4 a year from 2000 to 2006, that number jumped to 16.4 a year from 2007 to 2013. The study found that many of the gunmen had studied previous high-profile shootings and were attracted to the attention that mass killers received when they staged lethal attacks.
Modern high-powered weapons, adapted from war and unscrupulously marketed on the home front, have unfortunately provided the means for a shooter to act out his anger and despair in a matter of minutes. The state-sponsored citizens report on the gun massacre of 20 schoolchildren and six workers in Newtown, Conn., in 2012 concluded there is “no legitimate place in the civilian population” for fast-firing rifles and large-capacity magazines that were invented for the military but have flooded the American marketplace.
These are the problems that political leaders should be discussing after the latest gun tragedy. Democratic presidential candidates have not ducked the issue. Hillary Rodham Clinton has repeatedly called for greater gun safety, telling voters, “We have to take on the gun lobby.” Bernie Sanders, who as a senator from Vermont has been criticized for not being strong enough on the issue, firmly endorsed President Obama's gun control agenda after the Oregon massacre. He said he is tired of sending condolences to grieving families after these brutal murders.
Residents of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area now can attend Wichita State University for the same cost as Kansas residents.
The tuition assistance program - called Shocker City Partnership - applies to residents of the following counties in Texas: Collin, Dallas, Delta, Denton, Ellis, Hunt, Johnson, Kaufman, Parker, Rockwall, Tarrant, Wise, Somervell and Hood.
The tuition rate applies to undergraduate and graduate students. Undergraduate students enrolling in 15 hours per semester would save more than $8,700 per year with this new rate. Graduate students enrolling in nine hours per semester save more than $3,700 per year.
Shocker City Partnership was rolled out in 2015 for Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma, residents.
Students from Texas and Oklahoma who live in counties outside the Dallas-Fort Worth, Oklahoma City and Tulsa metropolitan areas are still eligible for the Shocker Select program, which gives eligible students a 33 percent discount off nonresident tuition.
With these two programs, Wichita State is the most affordable large research university in the area.
Get more information on the Shocker City Partnership.
See information on specific tuition rates.
It is a common observation that American political discourse has become rife with hyperbole and hostility. Fierce partisans on both the left and right, not content to simply point out errors in each other's reasoning, frequently accuse each other of outright malevolence. This enraged tone is epitomized by the frequency with which policies and proposals are said to represent “wars” on various innocent sectors of society.
While the “war” metaphor may win media coverage and rile voters, it prevents Americans from having the type of debate that could lead to more effective responses to our society's problems.
The length of the following list of examples, which was culled from mainstream politicians and commentators using simple Google searches, illustrates the extent of this phenomenon.
The left accuses the right of waging: The right accuses the left of waging War on the poor Class warfare War on working people War on business War on the middle class War on the middle class (yes, both) War on immigrants War on savers War on the family War on the family (again, both) War on children War on marriage War on the elderly War on the American way of life War on public employees War on religion War on teachers War on Christmas
It's a miracle any of us are still alive! Taken at face value, this partisan rhetoric claims there are wars being waged against virtually all Americans, with most of us being attacked on multiple fronts. Obviously this rhetoric is absurd, but the war talk is worth delving into because it is absurd in specific ways that have serious consequences.
Let us clarify what this particular war metaphor is not. It is different from the metaphor of war on social ills such as poverty, drugs, and terrorism. Warfare might be a simplistic model for these efforts, but we really do want to eliminate poverty, drug abuse, and terrorism, so in this sense, it is fair to say that we are waging war against them. However, the notion that any mainstream political faction is actually trying to harm the middle class, children, or the institution of marriage is not just simplistic but preposterous and grotesque.
The problem is not simply one of exaggeration. If it were, the distortion would be quantitative, but this distortion is qualitative. If partisans viewed their opponents as well intentioned but sadly mistaken in their beliefs, they could exaggerate by calling the other side uninformed, unreasonable, ignorant, stupid, or even idiotic.
The war metaphor means something different; it says opponents are not well intentioned but are engaged in a purposeful attempt to harm. Opponents might even be described as smart – in their intentional campaign to destroy segments of the American population and way of life.
Of course, political partisans by nature believe the other side is wrong, and they believe their opponents' policies will injure society in some way. That's a normal, even needed part, of having differing views. The question is why they believe their opponents are wrong.
There are two types of reasons, one pertaining to thinking and one to motivation. People might promote harmful policies because they are mistaken in their evidence and reasoning, and people might promote such policies because they want to harm others. The distinction is between means and ends. And war is not a mistake; it is a purposeful attempt to destroy.
The “wars” cited in my list have a peculiar characteristic: They are all secret wars. The other side never says they want to harm businesses, teachers, or the elderly – so how do partisans know their opponents have these intentions? Apparently, they believe they can read their opponents' minds. Mind reading is a non-verifiable and therefore useless basis for policy debate.
The war metaphor might be politically useful, but it has deleterious effects on real policy discussions – and governance. Convincing groups of voters that the other side is purposely trying to harm them puts an end to reasoned argument by framing the situation as one requiring self-defense against an attacker.
For fierce partisans, demonizing the other side produces cathartic feelings of angry self-righteousness and attracts large audiences in the media, but such discourse has nothing to offer people who are genuinely interested in figuring out effective policy options. By fundamentally misidentifying the cause of bad policy as evil rather than error, this metaphor wrenches discussion away from its proper emphasis on observable facts, quality of logic, and predicting the consequences of societal actions.
The “war” rhetoric not only stymies real political debate, it derails the progress government (and citizens) could make in tackling the country's most pressing problems. Our politicians and pundits should give up this manipulative form of rhetoric. And citizens should support leaders who exchange this cheap emotional ploy for the hard work of evidence-based reasoning and persuasion.
An ABC News/Washington Post poll taken earlier this year found that half the American public felt political commentators (on both the left and right) have “crossed the line in attacking the other side.” At a time when partisan gridlock rules and only 12 percent of Americans approve of Congress (New York Times/CBS poll), participating in constructive, fair dialogue, rather than issuing cries of alarm and condemnation, is in politicians' best interests.
There are a number of organizations trying to move our political debates in this fair-minded, reason-based direction. Their websites do not offer the emotional stimulation of a hyperventilating talk show host, but people who want to learn, think, and develop solutions for our society's problems would do well to start with No Labels, Constructive Debate, and ProCon.org.
Jeremy Shapiro is a psychologist and director of YouCutTheBudget.com.
LONDON: India's ace shuttler Saina Nehwal made a rousing start to her bid for an Olympic medal as she spanked Swiss Sabrina Jaquet in straight games in a lop-sided women's singles group stage opening match on Sunday.The world number five Indian was too good for the 65th ranked Swiss as she took just 22 minutes to complete a 21-9 21-4 victory at the Wembley arena here.Sabrina, who had qualified for the Games by reaching the quarter finals of the 2012 European Championship in Karlskrona, Sweden, could not provide any resistance to Saina, who launched her campaign on a dominating note.The 22-year-old Indian, who came into the tournament after winning the Thailand Grand Prix Gold and Indonesian Super Series Premium last month, took 12 minutes to wrap up the first match, before sealing the issue in her favour by winning the second game in just 10 minutes.Such was the domination of the Indian that Sabrina was reduced to a bystander as the Indian kept lapping up her points in quick succession. The girl from Hyderabad led by a massive 12 and 17 points in the first and second game respectively.Saina, who had reached the quarterfinals in her Olympic debut at the Beijing Games four years ago, will take on Lianne Tan of Belgium in another group E match on Monday.
Tokyo plans to call on Pyongyang to provide more convincing answers to 150 questions and issues it raised in 2002 over North Korea's abductions of Japanese, a government source said Saturday.
Japan will bring up the matter during talks with North Korea in the hope that it can clarify issues that were not fully addressed regarding Japanese kidnapped by North Korean agents in the 1970s and 1980s, the source said.
The move comes as North Korea, based on an agreement with Japan after intergovernmental talks in late May, said it will set up a special committee to reinvestigate the whereabouts of the abductees.
Japan has decided to bring up what it says are 150 questionable points and discrepancies over North Korea's past abduction probe because it has not been satisfied with responses made so far by Pyongyang and remains distrustful of it, the source said.
Japan's distrust grew after one North Korean claim turned out to be false. In November 2004, the North handed over to Japan what it claimed were the cremated remains of Megumi Yokota, one of the abduction victims officially recognized by Tokyo. But DNA tests conducted in Japan revealed that the ashes were not Yokota's.
Yokota, who was kidnapped to North Korea at age 13 in 1977 and whom the North said committed suicide in 1994, is now a symbolic figure among abduction victims.
According to the source, the list of questions involved 10 abduction victims, including Yokota, whose whereabouts Tokyo wanted Pyongyang to look into. The list was presented to North Korea during intergovernmental talks in October 2002, a month after then-Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi visited Pyongyang and the North Korean government unveiled the outcome of its investigation of the abductees.
At present, Japan officially lists 17 nationals as abductees but suspects North Korea's involvement in many more disappearances. While five of the 17 were repatriated in 2002, Japan continues to seek the return of the remaining 12.
On the 12, Pyongyang claims that eight have died and four never entered the country.
The source said Japan has pointed out numerous questionable points in the results of North Korea's abduction probe, such as the causes of deaths and errors in birth dates and addresses. There were also signs that data on medical documents had been altered.
In 2004, North Korea reinvestigated the fate of Japanese abducted decades ago, but Japan was dissatisfied with the results and asked the North to look further into the issue.
However, Pyongyang wrapped up the probe and said Yokota and the nine other abductees had either died or never entered the country.
During Japan's next talks with North Korea, Tokyo plans to ask Pyongyang for information on the whereabouts of two people now listed as abductees, Kyoko Matsumoto and Minoru Tanaka, who in 2002 were not formally recognized by the Japanese government as abduction victims, the source said. They are among the four whom North Korea says never entered the country.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) (AP)
(CNSNews.com) – The U.S. Senate voted 89-8 to approve legislation to avoid the fiscal cliff despite having only 3 minutes to read the 154-page bill and budget score.
Multiple Senate sources have confirmed to CNSNews.com that senators received the bill at approximately 1:36 AM on Jan. 1, 2013 – a mere three minutes before they voted to approve it at 1:39 AM.
The bill is 154-pages and includes several provisions that are unrelated to the fiscal cliff, including repealing a section of ObamaCare, extending the wind-energy tax credit, and a rum tax subsidy deal for Puerto Rican rum makers.
The bill avoids the fiscal cliff by making permanent the Bush tax cuts for individuals making less than $400,000 per year and couples making less than $450,000 and by putting off the automatic spending cuts (sequestration) from last year's debt ceiling deal until March.
Technically, those Bush tax rates had expired at midnight on Dec. 31, 2012 and the spending cuts were scheduled to take place when the government reopened following the New Year's Day holiday.
Yves here. I suspect that there are at least some who will read this post and regard the poor state of dental health in Appalachia as mainly the result of bad lifestyle choices (too much sugary foods and drinks, smoking, opioid addiction, etc). It's hard to overstate the impact of something the author skips over: that many don't drink fluoridated water at the critical juncture, when adult teeth are forming.
We had something of a natural experiment in my family. I'm the oldest child. I didn't get fluoridated water at the right age. My brothers did. Despite obviously eating the same diet as kids, my becoming vigilant about my weight in my teens (which among other things meant cutting out sweets) and always seeing the dentist on schedule, while one of my brothers has become obese and eats sugary foods daily, I have a mouth full of dental work while my brothers have hardly any fillings. I joke that when I visit the dentist, I am going for a semi-annual assessment. Even with relentless maintenance, fillings eventually beget larger replacement fillings. So imagine what it's like for people with vulnerable teeth who can't get good care.
By Anna Sanford, an editorial assistant at AlterNet's office in Berkeley, CA. Originally published at Alternet
Mountain Dew, the carbonated fluorescent-green soda that Willy the Hillbilly declared “will tickle your innards” in a 1966 commercial, has long been a staple of Appalachia. It was officially developed in Knoxville, Tennessee, in the mid-1900s, but it has ties to the wheat and rye distilled by Irish immigrants who settled in the region as coal miners during the previous century. Today, coal has left Appalachia, as have a host of other industries that brought economic opportunity. Mountain Dew, however, remains culturally significant. Sarah Baird, a writer who grew up in Eastern Kentucky, recently wrote about the importance of the drink to her sense of identity, saying, “It's not just a beverage—it's a portable sense of home.”
In a region long undergoing a cultural and economic crisis, Appalachia's thirst for Mountain Dew is perhaps the least of many evils. Opioid addiction, smoking, chewing tobacco, lack of access to municipal water systems, and the necessary preoccupation with getting food on the table over worrying about nutritional value are also having an enormous effect on people's teeth. The soda is ruining teeth, in an epidemic known as “Mountain Dew-mouth.” The acid causes erosion and the sugar abets decay.
“I would see a lot of kids who had a mouth full of rotting teeth,” Dr. Edwin Smith, a traveling dentist who drove his mobile dental truck for 12 years throughout Kentucky, told CNN last September. “They were in pain, and they'd be hurting at school.”
In Kentucky, the state with the highest proportion of adults under 65 without teeth, Smith has witnessed the extremes of Mountain Dew-mouth—toddlers with baby teeth filled with cavities, kids who won't brush their teeth because of inflamed gums, and teenagers who have pulled out their own rotting teeth with pliers.
Other forces are at play. Hundreds of prescription medications, as well as chewing tobacco and cigarettes, cause dry mouth, preventing the natural flow of saliva and making teeth more susceptible to decay. Use of these substances is rampant in Appalachia; a single Kentucky county filled prescriptions for over 2 million doses of painkillers last year, which is about 150 doses for every man, woman and child. Kentucky is also the state with the most smokers, followed closely by West Virginia, according to a Gallup study. On top of that, without municipal water systems, people rely on well water, which is unfluoridated—or they drink more Mountain Dew to quench their thirst. Nearly half of the people in Kentucky, and 25 percent of the national population, depend exclusively on well water, posing a threat to natural resources as well as people's teeth.
With 26 percent of preschool-age kids suffering from tooth decay and 15 percent of young adults extracting a tooth because of erosion, Mountain Dew-mouth in Appalachia has created one of the worst dental health problems in the United States according to a legal brief by Priscilla Harris, an associate professor at the Appalachian College of Law. Nonetheless, the factors that contribute to poor dental health are not simply Mountain Dew; they are not even specifically linked to Appalachia. Noxious substances merely exacerbate a national problem that is affecting every region of the United States. Bad oral hygiene could be significantly remedied through the American health care system; that is, if the United States adopted a holistic approach to health care. However, as it stands now, dental care is treated separate from health care, launching an epidemic that weighs the heaviest on those who need it most—the rural poor.
Dental health is essential to overall health, and serious and sometimes fatal illness can result from untreated oral conditions. A problem as common as gingivitis (excess plaque) can result in serious health problems such as heart disease, diabetes, or cancer. Yet throughout the United States, from remote areas of Alaska and across the contiguous 48, poor people struggle to get access to regular dental care, relying on charity clinics and hospital emergency rooms. According to the federal government, more than 50 million Americans live in areas officially designated as Dental Health Professional Shortage Areas, and must travel hundreds of miles to get help. A suburb of Washington, D.C., could have one dentist for 350 residents, while Dickenson County, Virginia, has one dentist for every 15,468 residents.
The distinction between dental care and health care extends to insurance. Medicaid, the joint federal-state health care program that provides health coverage for 72 million people, reckons dental benefits as optional for adults, leaving it up to states to decide. It was not until the Affordable Care Act passed under President Obama in 2010 when Medicaid gave dental care to children under 19. Medicare, the federal health care program that covers 55 million seniors and disabled people, has never included insurance for routine dental services.
While Medicaid, as the medical safety net for the poor, should provide help for those with dental needs who cannot afford to pay, only 15 states offer full dental benefits and five states offer nothing at all, as reported in a study by Pew. However, even in the states that do offer dental benefits, poor patients have difficulty getting appointments. As an isolated industry, dentistry has remained private and unencumbered by the brunt of market forces. Dentists cannot turn away patients based on “race, creed, color, sex, or national origin” according to the American Dental Association's Principles of Ethics and Code of Conduct; however, dentists can turn away patients based on their ability to pay. In order to cover high overhead costs, pay back dental school bills and earn an income, many dentists refuse to treat people on Medicaid. In 2013, only 34 percent of general dentists accepted Medicaid patients, according to Pew.
With limited benefits through Medicaid and no benefits through Medicare, in order to receive insurance, people must purchase private plans or employer-provided plans. Most dental insurance limits annual benefits to between $1,000 and $1,500 per person—this cap has hardly changed since the mid-'80s, despite inflation. Employer-provided plans—assuming the patient has a job and the job offers a plan—can exceed $500 a year or more and do little to ease the burden when other concerns take priority. So millions of Americans go without dental insurance.
More than a third of Americans do not have dental coverage, according to a Washington Post article. Appalling already, the state of dental care in America faces even greater challenges with the threat of the Trump-backed American Health Care Act currently being debated in the Senate after passing in the House at the beginning of May. The ADA has reported that Obamacare's requirement to provide dental care for children under 19 will be rolled back, and the 5.4 million adults who gained coverage under the Medicaid expansion will lose all dental benefits.
Without insurance, people often go years without seeing a dentist. Toothaches are the most common problem, causing lack of sleep and difficulty eating. With time, a toothache can become another entity entirely. Germs collect, white blood cells accumulate, pus escalates, and suddenly a swelling, debilitating dental carbuncle has taken residence in one's mouth.
Dee Matello, a small business owner and mother of three in Laurel, Maryland, had not been to a dentist in nine years. To compensate for the cracked molar on the left side of her mouth, she had simply learned to chew on the right side. Like many Americans without dental insurance, it was not until Matello heard a free dental clinic would be held in the town of Salisbury, just 20 minutes away from her home, that fixing the cracked tooth seemed like a possibility.
“It's always bothering me,” Matello told the Washington Post as she waited outside the Wicomico Civic Center in Salisbury. Over the course of two days, among the reclining chairs and portable dental equipment that had been erected on the civic center floor, 116 dentists provided $1 million worth of care to 1,165 patients, many of whom had traveled across state lines to endure long lines and the bitter cold as they waited for treatment. After getting an x-ray and having the tooth extracted—a procedure that would have cost from $600 to $800 in a regular dentist's office—Matello left the clinic, wondering why people who work hard and put faith in their government for help are obligated to endure such demeaning treatment.
At the University of Maryland dental school, a team of researchers explored the effect of toothaches in poor Maryland adults like Matello: 44.3 percent of their respondents reported having experienced more than five toothaches in the past 10 years. Nearly half said that their most recent toothache had caused them the worst pain possible and interfered with many aspects of their daily lives. When initial strategies to remedy their pain, such as nonprescription medicines, failed, many resorted to seeing a dentist.
For Americans who do not have health insurance and need dental treatment immediately, the emergency room remains the only option. However, this poses a significant problem because, in the eyes of the American health care system, the mouth is separate from the rest of the body. So even though hospital visits for dental problems cost an enormous amount to the health care system as a whole—an estimated $2.7 billion over a three-year period according to one major study—people rarely receive the treatment they need.
Dr. George Kushner, the director of oral and maxillofacial surgery at the University of Louisville in Kentucky, explained that he sees ER patients with dental pain on a daily basis. “I take out teeth every week that could have been saved with restorative work,” he told a reporter for USA Today. The vast majority of doctors lack the knowledge and tools to treat dental ailments. They offer the services they can, provide prescriptions for painkillers and antibiotics, and recommend a dental clinic for a follow-up. However, clinics are often too crowded to meet the demand. Thus, patients leave the ER with no long-term solution for treatment.
Though pain and discomfort are unfortunate enough, lack of dental care presents other, more enduring problems. While millions of Americans suffer because of their teeth, another portion of America supports a $110 billion-a-year dental industry, investing in procedures such as gum contouring and spending up to $2,000 on a single veneer. As the wealth gap continues to increase, teeth represent the dividing line between the classes.
Glimmering pearly whites have long been a symbol of social and financial success in America. Consider what every movie star, news anchor and television personality has in common: not height, weight or ethnicity (though there is certainly an enormous amount of room for more diversity). All share an enviable smile—gleaming, bright white, smooth, ovular teeth.
In a country where significant value is placed on a perfect smile, bad teeth prevent economic mobility. The predominant jobs of the working class—waitressing, housekeeping, nursing, etc.—are in the service sector, yet these jobs are hard to come by without a certain degree of oral health. A study published in the Nation Bureau of Economic Research found that a missing tooth can result in a loss of $720 of earnings (and 178 million people are missing at least one tooth).
As she waited to have teeth removed at a free clinic in Jonesville, Virginia, Emma Marsee told Mary Otto, the author of Teeth: The Story of Beauty, Inequality, and the Struggle for Oral Health in America, that people only want “a healthy-looking individual” taking care of them. In areas where jobs are scarce, a person's financial security depends on her teeth. For 10 years, Otto researched and conducted interviews about oral health in America, traveling across the country attending beauty pageants and clinics, talking to dentists and patients alike. In her book, she writes:
In the way that they disfigure the face, bad teeth depersonalize the sufferer. They confer the stigma of economic and even moral failure. People are held personally accountable for the state of their teeth in ways that they are not held accountable for many other health conditions.
Regardless of cultural influences—Mountain Dew-mouth or not—the dental health epidemic in America is rooted in the historical and political legacy of an unequal system. Without access to preventative measure like regular oral checkups and teeth cleanings, as well as comprehensive care, America's poor fight an uphill battle, involving increased health risk, social stigma and reinforced economic disadvantage.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Retail gas prices have risen to a record high for the eighth day in a row, a daily survey by auto club AAA showed Monday.
The national average price for a gallon of regular gas rose to an all-time high of $4.108, up slightly from the previous record of $4.107.
Gas prices have soared more than 38% in the last year and are 3% higher than a month ago.
The state with the highest gas prices is Alaska. Drivers in the state pay an average of $4.621 a gallon for gas. California has the second-highest average gas price at $4.560 a gallon, followed by Hawaii at $4.442.
The state with the lowest gas prices is South Carolina, where a gallon of gas costs $3.906 on average.
The survey also showed that the national average price for a gallon of diesel fuel rose to an all-time high of $4.801, up from $4.793 the day before.
Gas prices have climbed to record levels. Are you feeling the pinch? Tell us how gas prices are affecting you and what you're doing to cope. Send us your photos and videos, or email us to share your story.
Goju-ryu is a traditional Okinawan style of karate with an extensive history. The term Goju-ryu actually means “hard-soft style,” which refers to the closed hand techniques (hard) and open hand techniques and circular movements (soft) that comprise this martial art.
The history of Goju-ryu is somewhat clouded in mystery due to the lack of documentation regarding the art. Still, it is believed that during the 14th century Chinese Kempo was first introduced to Okinawa.
At the time in Okinawa, ‘te' was practiced as a native fighting art. Kempo eventually combined, at least to an extent, with the native martial arts there to form Okinawa-te globally, or Tomari-te, Shuri-te, or Naha-te depending on the area of origin. It should be noted that in 1609, Japan invaded Okinawa, and during this time, Okinawans were banned from carrying weapons or practicing martial arts. As a result, martial arts were practiced underground there for quite some time.
Goju-ryu karate was the style of karate that Ralph Macchio practiced under his teacher, Mr. Miyagi, in the movie, "The Karate Kid," and the Crane Block was spoken of in the movie as an "unstoppable move." However, there is no such thing as an unstoppable move in karate, though it is certainly something fun to think about!
History of Goju- Ryu Karate
In 1873, a martial arts master by the name of Kanryo Higashionna in Japanese or Higaonna Kanryo in Okinawan (1853 - 1916) traveled to Fuzhou in the Fujian Province of China. There he studied under various teachers from China, including a man by the name of Ryu Ryu Ko (also sometimes called Liu Liu Ko or Ru Ko). Ryu Ryu Ko was a great master of the art of Whooping Crane Kung Fu.
Eventually, Higashionna returned to Okinawa in 1882. When he came back he began teaching a new martial arts style, one that comprised both his knowledge of the Okinawan styles with the martial arts he learned in China. What he came out with was Okinawan karate.
Higashionna's best student was Chojun Miyagi (1888 - 1953). Miyagi began studying under Hiagashionna at the tender age of 14. When Higashionna died, many of his students continued to train with Miyagi. Miyagi also traveled to China to study martial arts, just as his predecessor did, bringing his knowledge back to Japan where he began to refine the martial arts he and his students practiced.
In 1930, at the Japan Martial Arts Demonstration in Tokyo, a demonstrator asked Miyagi's number one student, Jin'an Shinzato, what school or kind of martial arts he practiced. When Shinzato returned home and told Miyagi of this, Miyagi decided to call his style Goju-ryu.
Characteristics of Goju-Ryu Karate
Goju-ryu karate is generally a stand-up style, characterized by both hard (closed fist) and soft (open hand or circular) techniques. Many Goju-ryu practitioners feel as if they are martial arts technicians, in that they utilize angles to deflect strikes rather than trying to meet strength with strength. In addition, Goju-ryu tends to emphasize meeting opponents with the opposite of what they are utilizing. For example, striking the head (a hard part of the body) with the open hand (a soft part of the body) or striking the groin (soft) with a groin kick (hard).
Beyond this, Goju-ryu karate is known for teaching breathing techniques to a great extent. It also utilizes some takedowns, throws, and weapons. Interestingly, because of the Japanese suppression that occurred in the 1600s when they invaded, Okinawan martial artists tended to use weapons that were really farm tools such as the Bokken (wooden sword) and Bo (wooden staff) so as not to bring attention to the fact that they were practicing martial arts.
The economies of the developing world cannot keep pace with an increase in population, meaning millions of people from Africa will likely migrate to Europe, a new report has found.
The report, from the Geneva-based International Labour Organisation (ILO), states that the economies of developing nations in Arica, Asia, and South America cannot keep pace with the number of young people entering the workforce. The result, especially in Africa, will mean that many are ready to migrate and look for jobs elsewhere – and their main target will likely be Europe Die Welt reports.
Economists expect that the number of unemployed in African states will skyrocket, as the slow growth of African economies may only produce a few hundred thousand jobs over the next year. By contrast, the ILO expects there to be millions of young people entering the job market across the African continent.
Unemployment in Africa currently stands at around eight percent, but the total number of those unemployed will rise by over a million from 37.1 million to 38.3 million, of which nine million are in North Africa.
In sub-Saharan Africa, which has some of the highest birth rates in the world, an estimated one-third of all people say they are willing to migrate for work. Some migrants are willing to look for work in neighbouring countries, but for many the ideal destination is Europe; specifically Germany given its current status as the strongest economy in the European Union.
Though Germany's economy is largely positive, the rest of the European Union is struggling to create enough well-paying jobs. In Spain around 400,000 jobs have been created, but many of them are part-time or low skilled, resulting in many young people not able to find careers that match their educational background.
The report also notes that almost half of the unemployed people in the European Union have been looking for work for the past twelve months or more.
The ILO report's findings reflect those of an Austrian Army Intelligence report which estimated the possibility of millions of African economic migrants flooding into Europe by 2020.
Frontex, the European Union border agency, has also noted the trend towards increased African economic migrantion. Last year they released a report warning that West African countries could soon eclipse the Middle East and Central Asia in terms of the number of migrants coming from those regions.
2016 saw the largest wave of migrants crossing from the African continent into Italy over the Mediterranean sea, but Italian lawmakers have vowed to tackle the issue and begin deportations of migrants who fail their asylum claims or are migrating for purely economic reasons.
Recently we took a look at Nokia's coverage of some developer events in Barcelona and now we have a one on one video with Rudy Huyn, one of the most popular devs on our platform. Rudy won a Windows Phone Geek Lumia Challenge award recently for his popular app TVShow and Nokia was on hand to showcase his talents in this two-minute video.
In the video, we catch a glimpse of Rudy working on his apps, learn why he loves Windows Phone (and Nokia support) and how he helps the developers in France through his meet-up group. We even see his famous Bi(n)g Maps (errr, HERE Maps) which involved linking 28 Windows Phones together for one big map. He's quite the impressive guy and luckily Jay Bennett and I were able to finally meet him in person during Mobile World Congress.
For those of you who aren't familiar with Huyn's work, you're encouraged to try out his various apps including TVShow (keeps track of what you're watching), Wikipedia (the de-facto Wiki app for Windows Phone), GContacts (Gmail contact syncing), Fuse (RSS newsreader) and more.
This is a very old entry — images are small, formatting is off. To Regina and Beyond
Reviewed Apr. 28, 2010 by Armin Industry / Destinations
The only insider information I have about the City of Regina in Canada is that you don't pronounce it as the proper name of your friend Regina — nope, it's pronounced like vagina. What? You come up with another word that sounds like that. In absence of some first-hand opinion, that I think some of our Canadian readers might be able to share, here are some facts: According to a 2006 census, Regina is the 16th largest city in Canada with a population of less than 200,000; as the capital of Saskatchewan, Regina is the second largest after Saskatoon, and has a lively business and cultural health. But it had a terrible logo. This past February, the City of Regina introduced a new logo designed by out-of-province McKim Cringan George in Winnipeg.
To help Regina organizations promote the personality of the dynamic prairie city externally, MCG developed several creative elements. The new logo is composed of an infinity loop twisted into an “R” letterform unique to the City of Regina. Vividly coloured ‘design flourishes' illustrate how Regina's people are connected, united and committed to elevating the city to new heights in the drive toward future investment, growth and opportunity. And the “Infinite Horizons” positioning statement additionally positions Regina and surrounding landscape as innovative, boundless and full of potential.
— McKim Cringan George Project Page
The new City of Regina logo is composed of an R letterform as a distinctive focal point, unique to the city of Regina. Created with a continuous infinite loop in bold colours, the letterform is intended to position Regina as alive and vibrant — a place of endless possibility.
— Regina Branding Q & A
Not that this is earth-shattering, but I like that they are positioning this as a “Community Brand” more than a destination brand or an identity just for the city
The fact that it can be used by more than one organization, and will come to represent those organizations, as well as the community as a whole. It's a unique way to approach branding that can only work in communities where there is strong connectivity and cooperation among the organizations that choose to adopt it. Partners in the initiative must be committed to put aside competitiveness and be prepared to speak in a strong, united voice, working towards the common goal of positively promoting our city.
— Regina Branding Q & A
Enough quoting. The R icon is definitely attractive and eye-catching. While there could probably be a few more twists, both literally and metaphorically, in the ribbon to make the dimensionality work a little better, I think it's a fairly convincing result. I like how the color changes at each twist and the overall shape is fluid and organic. The typography is acceptable and although it isn't my favorite type in the world, there is nothing to really fault there. The ribbon as visual element in the identity materials can start to feel very cliché when it wraps around buildings, but it is a nice extension of the logo. As far as city logos go, this one is quite inviting.
Thanks to Fredrick Douglas for the tip.
A DeLand woman celebrating Independence Day on the patio of a downtown bar was shot in the leg and did not know it until doctors found the bullet days later.
DELAND —�A DeLand woman celebrating Independence Day on the patio of a downtown bar was shot in the leg but did not know it until doctors found the bullet days later.
The incident has police trying the figure out where the bullet came from and the owner of Cafe Da Vinci, Dan Reed, said he believes someone was firing a gun as part of Independence Day and the bullet fell from the sky.
Heather Charlebois, 42, said Thursday she felt the sting as she sat at a table �in the patio of the bar at 112 W. Georgia Ave. at 10:35 p.m.�July 4 and thought it was a firecracker because the wound did not bleed.
"My first thought was somebody hit me, slapped me open handed really hard on my leg and pinched me, but it did not make any sense because I didn't see anyone," Charlebois said."They told me at the hospital they think it's a .38-caliber bullet lodged 4 centimeters inside my leg."
DeLand police said that five days later�incident, Charlebois went to a hospital.
“Days later Ms. Charlebois sought medical attention for the injury and it was discovered there was bullet in her leg,” said DeLand police Sgt. Chris Estes said.
"Well, it's safe to say that at the moment we don't know where it came from," Estes said. "There is no indication a gun was fired in close proximity to where she was sitting at this point so, another theory is that it was fired into the air from a distance."
Estes said investigators are hoping someone will come forward with some helpful information and so police can answer the unknowns about the incident.
Anyone who may have seen or heard anything that could be related to this incident is asked to contact Detective Chris Jusick at 386-626-7424 or call Crime Stoppers at 1-888-277-(TIPS) 8477. Callers may remain anonymous, Estes said.
Charlebois said that after she felt the painful blow to her leg, she and her boyfriend went into the bathroom of the bar to check on it. There was not a lot of blood, just some fluids draining from the puncture.
"That's what made me think it was a firecracker," Charlebois said. "I never once thought it was a bullet."
Charlebois said she left the DeLand bar after the pain became more intense and went home where she cleaned and bandaged the wound. The next day she went to work but her inner right thigh kept hurting.
The mother of four children said being shot never crossed her mind since firecrackers were being set off everywhere. With noise of the band and people at the bar, no one heard gunfire.
"I don't recall hearing a gunshot," Charlebois said. "The sound that we actually heard I guess was the penetration of the bullet going through my jeans and into my leg."
As the days passed, the injury on her leg did not get better and the pain was even more intense. Her friends who saw the wound kept telling her it looked like a bullet wound since there were no burn marks that might be left behind by a firecracker. She called her sister, who took her to Florida Hospital Fish Memorial in Orange City on Thursday.
Reed believes an irresponsible person in possession of a gun was shooting into the sky.
"She goes to the hospital and the X-ray shows there is a bullet in her leg," Reed said. "The bullet fell down straight from the sky and hit in the leg as she sat at one of the tables."
In an X-ray, doctors discovered the bullet in her right thigh is near a major artery and advised against surgery. Charlebois said she worries about the lead in the bullet and fears the slug could move.
"They are worried about going in and getting the bullet out because it is so close to the artery and they don't want to do any more damage," Charlebois said. "They felt it's better to leave it in."
An emotional Charlebois said she feels lucky to be alive.
"I feel very fortunate," Charlebois said, her voice breaking. "I have four kids and we have been through a lot."
DAYTONA BEACH — For a few seconds as he was pulled aside by two policemen at Orlando International Airport last week, Police Chief Mike Chitwood thought his career was over.
The chief — dubbed “America's best chief” by his boss City Manager Jim Chisholm — packed his personal Smith & Wesson .38-caliber, five-shot revolver in his travel bag by mistake and got caught by the watchful eyes of the Transportation Security Administration.
“I'm telling you, I never felt so embarrassed and so stupid in my life,” Chitwood said Wednesday. “I thought I was going to be arrested and that my career would be over.”
The 50-year-old Chitwood, on his way to his native Philadelphia for a weekend visit to his daughters and grandson, said two Orlando police officers were waiting for him as he walked through the metal detector past TSA personnel at the airport last Thursday before 9 p.m.
“I thought to myself, ‘What are these guys doing here?' ”
They were waiting for him.
The chief said the officers — who recognized Chitwood — pulled him aside and quietly told him he had a gun in his travel bag. Mortified, Chitwood explained he had mistakingly thrown the weapon in the wrong carry-on when he changed clothes in the locker room at police headquarters earlier that evening. It had been a busy Thursday, Chitwood rising before sunup and going through several activities and meetings, including the public bi-weekly crime trends meeting.
“(At the end of the day), I was changing clothes and talking to people in the locker room,” Chitwood said. “I took my gun off my ankle and threw it in the wrong bag.”
Chitwood then placed both his work bag — which contained his uniform, work boots and other police accoutrements — and his travel bag in the trunk of his personal car and drove off, pleased with himself that he would arrive at OIA early.
After the discovery of his piece in the travel bag, the chief telephoned City Manager Chisholm and told him what happened. Chisholm advised, “ ‘Don't take it to heart,' ” Chitwood said.
Wednesday afternoon, Chisholm also sent the city commissioners an email advising them of the mishap. He ended his communique with: “We are all human and with the hours and schedule of our outstanding Police Chief it is no wonder that we find he is human like all of us. He is in my opinion America's best police chief and I am proud that he is our Police Chief in Daytona Beach.”
One of the Orlando officers walked Chitwood back to his car so he could stash his gun in the right bag, the chief said.
“I showed him my work bag that was in the trunk with my uniform and boots,” Chitwood said. “I was told this happens more than you know.”
The chief then recalled how many times he has criticized people who have gotten caught at the airport with guns in their bags.
“And now it happened to me,” he said.
The chief is not alone.
It also happened in September 2003 at Daytona Beach International Airport when then-State Attorney John Tanner tried to get on a plane with his wife and was caught with weapons and ammunition inside a carry-on and guns inside his checked luggage. TSA personnel were on extra high alert then because it was almost two years after Sept. 11. Tanner was fined $2,500.
The chief said he would have been allowed to carry his personal revolver on board with him if he had cleared it with the TSA beforehand. The TSA's website shows the steps law enforcement must follow before they can travel armed.
In a short statement Wednesday, Orlando police said: “As an actively sworn law enforcement officer, Chief Chitwood can travel armed after completion of the Transportation Security Administration's Law Enforcement Officer-Fly Armed Program. For the sake of time, Chief Chitwood was escorted from the checkpoint to safely secure his weapon before he was allowed to board his flight.”
The last time the forwards had skated with the team was in Saturday's game against Columbus. They missed Sunday's practice, Monday's pregame skate and did not suit up against Detroit.
"They'e still day-to-day," Head Coach Claude Julien said following practice. "I haven't been told that they are cleared to play yet. And I guess they look fairly good."
The Bruins next host the Toronto Maple Leafs at TD Garden on Wednesday night.
"We'll reassess them [on Wednesday] and I think the decision will probably come [Wednesday] at some point," Julien said. "We don't have a morning skate, which makes it even tougher, so we'll have to make a decision there and I'll leave that up to the medical staff."
The Bruins won't have a pregame skate because of the New Year's Eve double-header, with the Boston Celtics playing a matinee game.
During power-play drills, Bergeron rotated with Craig Cunningham on one unit, while Seth Griffith rotated with Lucic on the other.
Recently recalled forwards Matt Lindblad and Jordan Caron remained with the team for Tuesday's practice.
The best indication of Wednesday's lineup against the Leafs will come during pregame warmups at 6:30 p.m. ET (follow @NHLBruins on Twitter for the live updates). Game time is set for 7:00 p.m. ET (NESN, 98.5 The Sports Hub).
Defenseman Adam McQuaid continued skating with the team. He's been sidelined since suffereing a broken thumb on Nov. 18. There was no further update on his status, but he's not likely to be back in the lineup against Toronto.
Practice Lineup 12/30
White Jerseys: Brad Marchand - Patrice Bergeron - David Krejci - Reilly Smith
Gold: Milan Lucic - Matt Lindblad - Craig Cunningham - Seth Griffith
Gray: Chris Kelly - Carl Soderberg - Loui Eriksson
Burgundy: Daniel Paille - Gregory Campbell - Jordan Caron
Zdeno Chara - Dougie Hamilton
Matt Bartkowski - Dennis Seidenberg
Torey Krug - Kevan Miller
Zach Trotman - Adam McQuaid
Goalies: Tuukka Rask, Niklas Svedberg
All lanes of the Pennsylvania Turnpike have reopened following a series of crashes on Friday morning that involved 75 to 100 vehicles and left 30 people injured.
The crashes began around 8:30 a.m. Friday with a 25-car pileup near the Route 1 exit for Bensalem. From there, more and more cars were involved after cars crashed in the backlog.
State Police Capt. Greg Bacher said on Action News that the cause of the crash appears to be weather-related, but it was not yet known exactly how it all started.
The wrecked vehicles include tractor trailers, including four that were jackknifed at the scene.
Images from Chopper 6 HD over the scene showed several collision scenes on the eastbound turnpike between the Bensalem and Willow Grove exits.
Just before noon on Friday, police were allowing some vehicles that had been stuck in the backlog to move past the scene. Some of the wrecked vehicles were also being moved out.
Meanwhile, the westbound lanes were also closed by late Friday morning as rescue vehicles assembled on the highway.
The most remarkable scene showed up to a dozen vehicles, including a FedEx box truck, piled up behind two tractor trailers.
Action News reporter Nora Muchanic talked to one woman, Kristen Goncalves, whose husband was involved in the crash.
She was standing on a nearby overpass and was actually able to see her husband, Paul, down on the highway and wave to him.
"He was in a standstill, there was an accident before. The road was stopped and he came up to the stop and he heard a Suburban coming up from behind him. He said he couldn't apply the brakes anymore and he smacked into everybody else. Paul had said once he hit him he felt his car spinning and sideswiped other cars and his windows blew out."
People were seen getting out of and walking between the vehicles all along the closed stretch of highway.
"My car began spinning and then the FedEx truck slid into my car," said Tracey Wood, who was a passenger in the minivan driven by her husband, Jeff Wood.
"What saved me was the tractor trailer and the FedEx truck," Wood said. "The FedEx truck kind of blocked me from getting hit," she said live on 6abc.
"I looked over and said to Tracey, 'I think cars are spinning out in front of us,'" said Jeff Wood. "So I went to hit my brakes to stop and tried to avoid cars and before you know it we just started spinning."
Another witness, Kristen Good, also called in to Action News. She described the moments after the crash.
"I called my husband right away, saying 'You're not going to believe this," she said. "I said there were about 20 accidents behind me."
Abington Hospital said 16 injured people were taken there but, by 5 p.m., 15 of those people had gone home.
Other injured patients were taken to various local hospitals, including St. Mary Medical Center and Doylestown Hospital.
Volunteers from The American Red Cross of Southeastern Pennsylvania and the Salvation Army headed to the scene to bring food, water and blankets to stranded motorists.
The cause of the initial crash is still under investigation.
It is possible that heavy winds, drifting snow, and patches of ice on the roadway, along with some drivers traveling too fast for conditions contributed to the cause of the crash.
By Unicorn Riot
[soundcloud url=”https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/241086506″ params=”color=ff5500&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false” width=”100%” height='166′ iframe=”true” /]
Subscribe to the Solecast
Direct Download
A discussion with Janet Biehl on Rojava and the works of Murray Bookchin. We go in-depth on how people in this Kurdish region are developing an autonomous, democratic, stateless society in the midst of a warzone. Fighters from this region are popular for being the most effective fighting force standing up to ISIS/Daesh (see Kobane). What is really happening here has largely been ignored in the mainstream media. We delve a bit deeper:
What do their democratic institutions look like?
How do you create real feminist institutions in a traditionally male-dominated society?
What do alternatives to policing and punitive justice look like?
How do you create a horizontal, liberated society while under siege?
Why is it important to make a distinction between “environmentalism” and “radical ecology?”
The discussion is framed around the Murray Bookchin's life-long critical exploration of revolutionary ideas and praxis. We talk about Murray's evolution from Marxism, to social ecology, to post-scarcity anarchism to communalism and how this constant exploration of ideas have helped form the basis for a revolutionary society in the heart of the Middle East.
Janet Biehl's new book, “Ecology or Catastrophe” is available now through Oxford Books.
Website: www.biehlonbookchin.com
Twitter: twitter.com/jbiehlvt
Fed-Book: facebook.com/bookchinbiography
Unicorn Riot original reporting on Syria:
Heat waves distort a picture of airplanes waiting to take off from National Airport on April 26 (JIM LO SCALZO, EPA)
The responsibility for monitoring the skies at airports across the country may shift from meteorological professionals to air traffic controllers, with little weather experience, if a proposal from the Federal Aviation Administration moves forward.
Both the professionals weather observers, whose jobs are at risk, and aviation groups have expressed concern that air traffic controllers may not be up to the task of keeping pilots apprised of rapidly changing weather conditions.
“Shifting responsibility to air traffic controllers, who have several other duties, there will be some information lost,” said Melissa McCaffrey, a senior analyst at the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association (AOCP), which represents 400,000 aviation pilots. “That's concerning, because the number one cause of general aviation fatalities is weather-related issues.”
A senior FAA official, not authorized to speak for the agency, said the transition would be “no big deal.”
“The controllers are already in the tower so they just need to be trained to take tower weather observations,” the official said. “Not hard, in the old days we used to do it all the time.”
Currently, professional weather observers are contracted by the FAA to augment the weather observations recorded by an automated system at 142 airports around the country. These include major hubs, including all three major airports in the D.C.-Baltimore area (Reagan National, BWI, and Dulles), as well as smaller airports that frequently experience bad weather.
The FAA plan, dated March 15, is to transition weather observation functions to air traffic controllers at 121 airports by September 30, and the remaining 21 “in the future”. The weather observers cost the FAA about $57 million annually.
The active weather observers at the 142 airports are either meteorologists or have specialized military weather training, according to Mark Richards, the site supervisor of the FAA Contract Weather Office at Reagan National Airport.
To take on the responsibility of weather observation, air traffic controllers would be required to take two training courses, complete 5 hours of on-the-job training and pass a weather observing certification exam according to the FAA plan.
“They're [the FAA] dumbing down the training requirements, replacing people who've been doing this for years and saying no loss in service,” Richards said.
Richards said that weather observation on quiet weather days is typically routine but becomes fast-paced and demanding during inclement weather.
“During critical times, when air traffic controllers are most busy, and [weather reports] need most care and attention, they'd need to do the most,” Richards said.
Bob Hepler, site supervisor of the FAA Contract Weather Office at JFK International Airport, questioned the feasibility of performing both weather monitoring and air traffic control functions simultaneously.
“To require Air Traffic Controllers at the busiest airports in the nation to interrupt their job of controlling air traffic in order to perform all the same functions of a Certified Contract Weather Observer, especially in times of poor weather conditions, is not only dangerously impractical but impossible,” Hepler said.
Richards explained that when weather is changing quickly, sometimes the automated equipment can't keep up so it's up to the weather observer to relay information. For example, visibility and cloud height can change in seconds Richards said.
“I wouldn't want to land with a non-weather guy giving reports during severe weather,” Richards said.
The FAA plan states air traffic controllers will not be able to leave the control tower and sample the weather outside. How this function will be handled is left somewhat open-ended.
“The team recommends supporting the controller's observations using the Airport Authority at each facility,” the plan reads. “The airport will determine the level of supplemental service provided…”
According to a fact sheet by JFK's Hepler, if there's no dedicated outside observer, detailed information about certain types of frozen precipitation – which are of concern to aircraft safety – including sleet, freezing rain and snow, may not be obtained and passed along to pilots.
Snowfall measurements, currently taken at hourly and six hourly intervals by the contract weather observers, could fall through the cracks.
“Climate records very well could be disrupted,” Hepler said, adding that the observers not only measure snow but provide back-up if automated sensors go down, a task air traffic controllers could not perform from the towers.
The Airports Council International, a group that represents governing bodies that own and operate commercial airports, released a statement saying it was “very concerned” the FAA has not coordinated its plan with airport operators and is requesting more information.
“We are also seeking delayed implementation of the plan until we can be assured that policies and procedures are in place to ensure that current weather observation capabilities are not compromised during the transition,” its statement said.
The FAA said no decision has been made on the plan.
In recent years, FAA has ended contract weather services at 14 airports
“The FAA is committed to ensuring that pilots and operators at those locations continue to have current and accurate weather information in order to ensure safety,” it said in a statement. “FAA has trained air traffic controllers to read and interpret automated weather data and has trained airport personnel to make additional outdoor weather determinations about icing conditions.”
Resources for Starting to Learn Ruby
As with learning anything new, you "don't know what you don't know", so here is a short list of resources I have discovered while learning Ruby, that I hope can help get you started as well.
First make sure you have Ruby installed.
Free
Try Ruby - The interactive site will have you typing ruby from the very start and it is a great place to get started. They keep the concepts simple and straight forward and you can play around with the commands to get a good feel for Ruby.
Ruby in 20 Minutes - The official Ruby site has a pretty decent starter tutorial, though I find it goes pretty deep, If you are a beginner, don't let this put you off.
Just Enough Ruby to Get By - While not at beginner level, this book/web site has a great layout that allows you to quickly see how things are done in Ruby. Great to use as a reference as well.
Learn Ruby The Hard Way - Don't let the name fool you, this book/site is a great concept. They give you the code to type in (do type it in, copy/paste defeats the purpose), they show you how it should like when it is run successfully and its up to you to figure it out and make the code run with lots of helpful tips. The 'extra credit' sections are great and worth doing. It might be getting a bit old by now, but is still great.
Comming from another language? Check out Ruby from Other Languages, this is a handy rundown of the differences between Ruby and Perl, PHP etc.
Paid
Learn Ruby The Hard Way - Same as above, just worth buying, especially if you have an iPad so it can stop you from wanting to copy/paste.
Code School - The creators of the Try Ruby course above, Code School have an 'all you can eat' system where you pay a flat price per month and get access to all of their courses related to Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Javascript etc. A great one-stop shop.
Helpful sites
It won't take long before you start having questions, so here are a few resources to help:
The official Ruby website - lots of great resources are linked to from the site.
Stack Overflow - Great question and answer site that has answers for just about everything you can think of.
iwanttolearnruby - Big list of other Ruby learning resources out there.
Ruby5 podcast - Great podcast that keeps you up to date on what is happening with Ruby & Rails.
Ruby Weekly - The one (and only) newsletter that you need to subscribe to. Peter does a great job of curating what is happening in the Ruby community.
Lots more out there
This list is deliberately short and by no means exhaustive. I just wanted to share the resources that worked for me when I was getting started and a few I found along the way. If these styles don't work for you, there are plenty of others.
The one bit of advice I have is to build something you need, it might be a little script that does something simple. Having a task means you will know when it is 'done' (or done enough) and can move on. I find that is why I like the approach of Learn Ruby The Hard Way.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Japan's defence minister on Saturday backed the United States using any option to deal with North Korea, including military strikes, and said Tokyo wanted to build a deeper alliance with Washington that could play a regional security role.
Japan's Defence Minister Tomomi Inada prepares to speak at the 16th IISS Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore June 3, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
“The United States is making clear through both words and deeds that all options are on the table. I strongly support the U.S. position,” Japanese Minister of Defence Tomomi Inada said during a speech at a regional security conference in Singapore.
Pyongyang's accelerating nuclear and missile programmes are stoking fear in nearby Japan and prompting a harder line on North Korea from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
A Japanese helicopter carrier and destroyer are concluding three days of drills with two U.S. aircraft carriers in the Sea of Japan that also included simulated combat sorties between U.S. Navy F-18s and Japanese air force F-15s.
The exercise followed three ballistic missile tests by Pyongyang in as many weeks. The latest on Monday reached an altitude of 120 km (75 miles) before falling into international waters in the Sea of Japan, but inside an exclusive economic zone where Japan has jurisdiction over the exploration and exploitation of maritime resources.
Apart from using the U.S. alliance to tackle its belligerent neighbour, Japan also wants the military partnership to exert influence on other parts of Asia, including the highly contested South China Sea, Inada said.
China claims almost all the disputed waters, which is one of the world's busiest shipping lanes, and its growing military presence has fueled concern in Japan and the West.
“The robust, long-standing Japan-U.S. alliance now functions as a public good that contributes to the peace and stability of the region,” she said.
Beijing often rails against the United States, Japan and other countries for what it sees as interference in the South China Sea, insisting it is for claimant countries involved in disputes to work them out.
Inada also called on European navies to provide “a regular and visible presence” in the region.
A French amphibious assault carrier visited Japan in April after sailing through the South China Sea. Japan's military later trained with the French force alongside U.S. and British contingents in what sources earlier told Reuters was meant as a show of force aimed at China.
One of science's unresolved questions – Where did all of the antimatter at the origin of the Universe go? – may now be explored with the help of Curtin University research.
Professor Igor Bray, Head of Curtin's Department of Physics and Astronomy, said the University's theoretical physics research group utilised supercomputers at the National Computational Infrastructure (NCI) and the Pawsey Supercomputing Centre to look at ways to create neutral antimatter in a laboratory to help resolve the long standing problem of matter-antimatter asymmetry in the Universe.
“Laws of Physics predict equal amounts of matter and antimatter at the origin of the Universe, but it appears that presently this is not the case. In order to explore this, scientists require an adequate amount of antimatter in the laboratory, something that is currently not available,” Professor Bray explained.
Scientists hope to measure how antimatter behaves under gravity, and its various energy levels to the same precision as is possible with ordinary matter. Antimatter must be in a neutrally charged state in order to be used in such experiments.
“The simplest neutral antimatter is the antihydrogen atom, which is a bound state of an antielectron, also called a positron, and an antiproton. The challenge for scientists to date has been to find a way to create the antihydrogen in a laboratory in enough quantity to be a viable material source for experiments,” Professor Bray said.
“In our research, we looked at ways to create a suitable amount of antihydrogen atoms. One mechanism is to collide slow antiprotons with positronium, a bound state of an electron and a positron. Our calculations discovered that when positronium is in a laser-prepared excited state, the number of antihydrogen atoms created can be enhanced by a factor of 1,000.
“The competitive mechanism for creating antihydrogen that this research has uncovered will be used at CERN, the European Organisation for Nuclear Research, where three different groups are in a race to make antihydrogen in sufficient quantities.”
The calculations for this research required over 1 million CPU hours following a decade of computer code development.
“This discovery would not have been possible without the modern supercomputers now available in Australia,” Professor Bray said.
CTVNews.ca Staff
Perhaps they were missing their little insect-sized passports.
Calgary Stampede organizers say there will be no cockroach pizza on offer this year because the cockroaches have not been allowed to cross the border.
Cockroach Pizza was among the promised new extreme menu items up for sale at this year's 10-day Stampede. The dish -- a slice of cheese pizza topped by crunchy protein-rich cockroaches -- was to be this year's answer to 2014's Scorpion Pizza, which wound up being so popular, it sold out.
But with no Canadian cockroach suppliers ready to handle a Stampede-sized order, organizers turned to a supplier in the United States.
Stampede spokesperson Jen says the critters got held up at the border and won't make it to Calgary in time.
Those lamenting the loss of the cockroach concoction can still find plenty of other odd culinary offerings this year, including a Kobe beef-smothered, cognac-infused, lobster tail-garnished $100 hot dog.
There's also a glazed donut grilled cheese, red velvet chicken strips, peanut butter kabobs and more.
The Canadian basketball movement has spread like a wildfire throughout the last year, with Toronto native Anthony Bennett going No. 1 overall in the 2013 NBA Draft and Canadian star Andrew Wiggins being the consensus No. 1 prospect in the 2013 class across the recruiting spectrum.
Furthermore, Syracuse freshman point guard Tyler Ennis looks to be a potential lottery pick in the 2014 NBA Draft—along with Wiggins. But the pipeline is far from hitting its peak, with 2016 point guard Jamal Murray leading a fresh wave of Canadian talent that is waiting to hit the spotlight. Murray is a member of the CIA Bounce, a Toronto-area AAU program run by Tony McIntyre (Ennis' father). Wiggins and Ennis were CIA Bounce products as well.
Murray has already gained recognition as one of the premier prospects in the 2016 class (No. 36 overall per the 247 Composite), displaying unique size at the point guard position (6'5) and all the skills that coaches could dream up in their search for a prolific playmaker. McIntyre raved about what Murray brings to the floor.
“Obviously, great athleticism. Great ball IQ. Very smart kid. Understands basketball very well. Shoots the ball really well. He's a great leader,” McIntyre said. “I think he's pretty special. He's going to be a very high recruit when it's all said and done.”
Murray's father, Roger, echoed those sentiments.
“As a point guard, he can play all facets of the game. He can rebound. He can score at the position,” he said. “He's a good distributor, (plays) strong defense, has good ball-handling skills and size.”
Although he cannot receive direct calls from coaches until June 15th, Murray has already gotten strong interest from Illinois, Louisville, Michigan and Syracuse (according to McIntyre).
“Those are the main ones,” McIntyre said. “I've talked to them several times. Just checking in—how's he doing, what's he up to? Where are you guys going to be, what's his schedule for the summer?”
McIntyre said he particularly likes John Groce and the Illinois staff, as they have been following his program longer than most.
“I love their staff. Their staff is great. John Groce obviously goes back all the way to when he was at Ohio,” he said. “He's recruited our program since then, with him and Dustin (Ford). So they've been recruiting our program for probably five or six years, which is one of the longest outside of probably New Mexico State and Iowa State.”
The CIA Bounce director has also fielded calls from North Carolina State and Ohio State recently—expressing interest in his star point guard. McIntyre said Murray is catching the eye of programs across the country, especially because of his size.
“He's a 6'5 point guard right now. I think he still has some growing to do…I just think coaches are going to love him because he is extremely coachable and he's an extremely hard worker,” he said. “With that ball IQ, he's able to do a lot of things on the court. He's great in the screen ‘n roll, and coming off screens and making good decisions, and he's a really good passer. I just think he's going to be a guy who's going to make a team go when it's time for him to go to college.”
Another one of Murray's greatest assets is his leadership, which he displayed last summer playing on the AAU circuit. He was not yet even a junior, but he still took it upon himself to take control of the team.
“It's all about heart and the mindset,” Jamal said. “No matter how old or young you are, you have to make people respect you…Show them what you can do. Someone has to take demand and tell people ‘this is how it's going to be', and usually that's the point guard's business.”
“He's been playing since he could walk. He knows the game of basketball. The way he sees the floor—he has those leadership qualities that can help the team,” Roger said. “He does a good job of knowing players' strengths and weaknesses so he can use them appropriately.”
Murray has had the luxury of learning from Ennis, who is receiving a great deal of notoriety for leading Syracuse to their current 25-2 record. Murray said he is close with Ennis, and he feels their games are very similar.
“Tyler is my boy. I practice with him,” he said. “I think we have similar games. I think we have the same pick ‘n roll game. The same kind of attitude on the court.”
Jamal Murray - Canada's NEXT BIG THING - 1...
“They work out together. They're very much alike. Very calm, cool, got a fiery edge to them. Good size. Don't show a lot of emotion,” McIntyre said. “It's actually funny because they remind me a lot of each other.”
Ennis was able to come in and be the guy right away for Jim Boeheim—setting himself up to be a very high draft pick. McIntyre said he feels that Murray can follow the same blueprint wherever he ends up.
“I think he's got a shot to do the same thing, to be honest,” he said. “All the things that coaches look for, he already possesses. He's got a great body in terms of his size and his length. In the right situation, he's going to be able to go in and be able to contribute from ‘Day One' and do all the same things he does in AAU.”
Finding a similar situation to Ennis'—in terms of being able to take the reins from the beginning—is the top priority for the Murray family down the road.
“That is probably No. 1 on his list, so that he can show his talents,” Roger said. “Obviously, we want him to go to a school where he's going to fit…Where he can come in and play. I think also, we will look academic-wise to where it works for him. I think we want to find a place where he can play and start at point guard.”
“Any time you're in recruiting, you look for the best situation to be able to obviously contribute right away. No one wants to sit around and wait your turn for two or three years,” McIntyre said. “You look where you can get in and have a coach that is going to allow you to adjust, make some mistakes and be able to play through (them) without having to look over your shoulder. I think that helps in the development. Those are all things that we're definitely going to look for Jamal in the recruiting (process).”
The Murrays have been adamant that they are taking things very slowly in terms of recruiting. Roger said that he and his son are more focused on his development than anything else. But that didn't stop Michigan head coach John Beilein from trying to convince them to come down for a visit for Sunday's game against No. 13 Michigan State. Roger and Jamal were planning to be there watching fellow Ontario native Nik Stauskas, but they were unable to make it on Jamal's 17th birthday.
Nevertheless, Jamal talked about what he is going to look for at the next level.
“I'm looking for a place that I can play, show my game, show my talent,” he said. “Get enough playing time, a good team—a team that I can work with.”
“Looking for a coach that understands the way I play…Preferably close to home, maybe. I want to see my parents and stuff too but that's an outside option.”
Murray's greatness is not the product of a small sample size, but a great deal of his hype started with being named the MVP of the 2013 Jordan Brand International Game last May. Murray scored a game-high 24 points at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York—showcasing his impressive repertoire.
“It was an amazing experience overall. Even off the court, just being in New York. It was definitely one of the better experiences I've had basketball-wise,” Jamal said.
The award was extremely symbolic for the Canadian basketball movement, as Wiggins took home the same trophy in 2012. But the meaning was even greater on a personal level for Murray. Roger said he did not give his son any basketball jerseys or posters growing up—just a ball. But in fifth grade, Jamal's teacher gave him a poster of Michael Jordan, which has been hanging on his wall ever since. Now, Jamal has the MVP trophy sitting underneath that same poster.
“To win that award, it just gave me a glimpse of what I can do,” Jamal said. “But I think you have to see more than just one game…Sometimes you don't get to show everything you want to show in one game.”
It was quite a mature statement for someone whose highlights from that game have received thousands of views. From those alone, you can find fan bases from college basketball's major powers drooling at the possibility of adding Murray to their 2016-17 roster. Nevertheless, the Murray family feels there is so much more to Jamal than a few clips.
“Depending on how much exposure a player gets, you have to gather what you can gather. But I still don't think everyone has seen his full game and everything that Jamal can actually do,” Roger said. “Off the court, Jamal is a standup student. He gets along with everybody. He has a great laugh. He just enjoys himself and that's been him growing up—that's just Jamal…He's a great person and a great leader. I'm glad to have him as a son.”
Jamal Murray/Justin Jackson - Brooklyn Bal...
Roger and Jamal also believe that those who watched him on the AAU circuit last summer will see a much improved version this time around. For one, Jamal was playing with two broken fingers on his left hand—which few knew about.
“I guarantee I'll be able to show my talent a lot better. I'll definitely have more comfort and be a lot stronger than last year,” Jamal said. “They'll see a better me.”
There will be flocks of coaches and fans watching it unfold in gyms across the United States, as Murray follows the path laid down by Canada's greats before him. He is well on his way, after leading Team Canada to a bronze medal in the 2013 FIBA Americas U16 Championship last summer. Murray said the movement is really special to the country, and beneficial for everyone involved.
“I think the Canadian players are starting to get a lot more attention over here and that's good for the country. I think we've got a lot of other guys that haven't been seen yet,” Jamal said. “For us, we just have to keep working and help the chain of Canadian basketball players. Because Anthony going No. 1 is helping Wiggins. Wiggins is helping Tyler, who's helping me and Justin (Jackson). The trend is good and we got to keep that up.”
Murray's story is still in the beginning stages of one that is sure to be filled with success. Every time his sneakers touch the hardwood, the basketball world will be watching. Blame it on this Kitchener, Ontario product if some of the top coaches in the country don't blink until Murray signs on the dotted line in the 2016 class.
Tell Tottenham Hotspur fans that they are linked with another winger from Ligue 1 and chills will more than likely shoot up their spine.
Previous signings from across the channel have failed to live up to their expectations and now, any further move will be met with trepidation and worry.
Clinton N'Jie arrived with a reputation as a speedster. A player who impressed with Lyon and left defenders for dust. Then Georges-Kévin Nkoudou joined from Marseille in a deal that saw the disappointing Cameroonian international head in the other direction, but although touted as one of the best young prospects in France, he too has failed to make the grade.
Failure of past Ligue 1 signings
N'Jie managed just 386 minutes in 14 appearances, providing just one assist. Nkoudou hasn't fared much better, 323 minutes in 17 appearances, again just one assist.
Allan Saint-Maximin is the latest name to be names as a Spurs transfer target, with national French TV station TF1 reporting that the North London club are closely monitoring Monaco's exciting youngster.
On loan at Bastia this season, although the Corsican side finished bottom of Ligue 1, he still managed three goals and three assists in 34 appearances. In a very dark season for the islanders, the tricky forward still gave the fans something to cling on to, a glimpse at a future star and their only real game-changer.
Still just 20 years old, he made his Ligue 1 debut for Saint-Etienne in 2013, it feels like he should be around 25, but so early in his career, there is definitely so much more to come.
Monaco pounced in the summer of 2015, but he was immediately loaned out to Hannover in Germany. The move didn't work for both parties and in 18 appearances he scored just once.
Now, back in France, Monaco have been able to keep an eye on his progress and they would have liked what they saw. Versatile, the youngster was picked up front, on either wing and even as a No.10.
His preferred role is on the left of the attack, driving at defenders and looking to push the ball onto his stronger right-foot. He'll deliver crosses, pick passes, or like he showed against New Zealand for France at the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea, find the back of the net.
Depending on who leaves Monaco this summer, especially Spurs transfer target, Thomas Lemar, there very well could be a place in the Monegasque side next season. Saint-Maximin is next in line to jump up to the starting XI and his displays for Bastia and his club give the impression he's ready for Leonardo Jardim's team.
He could take Lemar's place on the left of the 4-4-2, or as one of the two forwards up front. His power and pace beside Kylian Mbappé or Radamel Falcao could be devastating.
Yet, if Lemar doesn't move on, he'd have to spend another season as a back-up, which could lead to a move this summer.
Eclipsing Spurs Past Signings
You can see a mix of Nkoudou, N'Jie and even Aaron Lennon in his game, but he has more to offer than those mentioned.
Saint-Maximin's ability to adapt could be huge to Mauricio Pochettino. Playing on the left of the 4-2-3-1, he can link with full-backs and the central midfielders, but then he could provide a cutting edge in the final third, similar to what Dele Alli and Son Heung-Min do in the 3-4-3 formation.
When you look at the statistics both N'Jie and Nkoudou were providing before they left France, the Monaco loanee dwarfs them all while playing for a much poorer team.
N'Jie edges him in terms of shots, and Nkoudou made slightly more interceptions per 90 minutes, but with his seven attempted dribbles per 90 and a success rate of 70 per cent, he creates far much more danger while on the ball than the duo that Spurs signed.
They all saw the ball around the same amount, Nkoudou attempted more crosses, but Saint-Maximin average more key passes and a still impressive 3.7 crosses per 90.
Does Saint-Maximin Improve Spurs?
The most important question is will the Monaco winger add and improve Pochettino's team if he was to join this summer.
Looking at Son's contribution this season and what Erik Lamela did last season when he was a regular in the first-team, again, the French Under-20 international matches up well.
The Argentine forward comes top in terms of attacking output, with 5.2 crosses and 2.8 key passes per 90 minutes, but with 37.2 passes per 90, he is seeing much more of the ball in a much better team.
Saint-Maximin makes more crosses than Son, and with his seven dribbles attempts he is head and shoulders above both players in terms of taking on defenders.
When Spurs tactics fail to break down teams, like when they lost that crucial game away to West Ham in the title run-in, they need something a little different, someone to commit players, drag people out of position and provide that X-Factor.
Saint-Maximin still has a lot to learn, same with most 20-year-olds. His defensive contribution would need to improve to survive in England, but he has the pace and upper-body strength and take on the battle.
Spurs are not the only team interested in the youngster, with Lille's new project, led by former Monaco Sporting Director, Luis Campos, keen on signing the winger.
He was the man who took Saint-Maximin to the principality in 2015, so he knows the player's ability and promise.
It's understandable that there would be caution to sign another Ligue 1 winger, but everything that Saint-Maximin has done so far suggests he is already in a stronger place to exceed what both N'Jie and Nkoudou managed in the capital.
There are no guarantees in football, but the Monaco youngster is destined to become a star somewhere, it would be a risk to sign him on a permanent deal this summer, but you don't want to miss out on the chance to capture his incredibly exciting potential.
The Little Professor says:
Unlike some of the academics to whom Katherine Firth links in her post about the “Academic Purity Cult,” I've never received any professional pushback for blogging (well, aside from the people who don't like something I've blogged, but that's a different issue).
I have—a lot of it, in fact, at conferences and from professors. That may be in part because I'm a grad student or because of my department, but pretty much everyone in academia who has deigned to comment on the issue has disparaged blogging or any writing whatsoever that doesn't entail peer-review. I find this bizarre because I see the primary activity of studying English being to read things, learn things through reading, write about things, and disseminate them—and the web is a very good medium for that, especially for anyone who wants to be read. Academic journals aren't a good way to get people to read.
To me, the revealing comparison is to math, physics, CS and other fields: post to arXiv.org, say, and let to peer-review and publication catch up to the cutting-edge research. If a science-based academic learns something new, it's imperative to get it out there as soon as possible! It's important and treated as it's important.
By contrast, most humanities profs appear at best indifferent and at worst hostile to those kinds of open processes, and they're willing to endure months or years of delay between finishing a piece and seeing it published. Peer-reviewed journals won't accept work previously published on blogs or other online forums. Evidently what we're doing isn't sufficiently important to others to be worth publishing in a timely manner. Instead we're stuck in the mannerist world of journal publishing, and disdain for alternate modes of dissemination (like blogs) is part of that world. One word that keeps getting used by my professors about me is “journalistic” which they see as an insult (I by and large don't write in deliberately obscured prose) but which I see as a quasi-compliment (I write in a way that other people can understand).
English literature doesn't appear at all interested in “impact factors” or even readers, which I find strange given the accessibility of English, relative to, say, math proofs.
Popularity isn't the only valuable metric for new work, but in contemporary academia it isn't even considered. That should change.
EDIT: I'm not the only one to notice. This is from Gerald Graff's 1979 book Literature Against Itself:
Where quantitative ‘production' of scholarship and criticism is a chief measure of professional achievement, narrow canons of proof, evidence, logical consistency, and clarity of argument have to go. To insist on them imposes a drag upon progress. (97)
What matters is the quantity of work produced and where it is published, rather than whether it is right—or, as Graff says, “canons of proof, evidence, logical consistency, and clarity of argument.”
President Obama is all in for former Florida Governor Charlie Crist, the ex-Republican running for Congress in the 13th Congressional District.
“Governor Charlie Crist has always put people above politics—and we need more of that in Washington,” Obama said in a statement endorsing Crist, which was posted on the governor's campaign website. “As governor, in the face of partisan attacks, he had the courage to save jobs and lead his state into economic recovery. He had the wisdom to recognize that climate change is real and act to fight it. And he had the decency to expand, not restrict, our right to vote. I know he'll bring the people's voice to Congress, and I've got his back.”
Obama's statement that Crist places “people above politics” seems like a subtle nod to the governor's electoral history. He formerly served as Florida's Republican governor before running for Senate as a Republican in 2010. Mid-cycle, he switched his affiliation to Independent, and was defeated by Rubio in the general election. Two years later, he endorsed Obama for president and officially joined the Democratic Party. By 2013, he was running for governor again—as a Democrat—but lost the race.
Crist has no Democratic primary challengers and will likely face Representative David Jolly in the general election. Jolly recently dropped out of the Florida Senate race amid reports that Marco Rubio would try to keep his seat. Jolly could have a tougher time winning this year than he did in the 2014 midterms: Thanks to redistricting, the 13th Congressional District now leans Democratic.
Investing involves risks, including loss of capital, illiquidity, lack of dividends and dilution, and should be done only as part of a diversified portfolio. Please read the Risk Warnings before investing. Investments should only be made by investors who understand these risks. Tax treatment depends on individual circumstances and is subject to change in future.
This webpage has been approved as a financial promotion by Seedrs Limited ("Seedrs"), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. It is not intended to be a promotion of any individual investment opportunity and is not an offer to the public. The summary information provided about investment opportunities on this webpage is intended solely to demonstrate the types of investments available on the Seedrs platform, and any investment decision should be made on the basis of the full campaign. Full campaigns are available to investors who have become authorised to invest on the Seedrs platform. All investment activities take place within the United Kingdom, and any person resident outside the United Kingdom should ensure that they are not subject to any local regulations before investing.
Seedrs does not make investment recommendations to you. No communications from Seedrs, through this website or any other medium, should be construed as an investment recommendation. Further, nothing on this website shall be considered an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security to any person in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. Seedrs does not provide legal, financial or tax advice of any kind. If you have any questions with respect to legal, financial or tax matters relevant to your interactions with Seedrs, you should consult a professional adviser.
Richard T. McIntosh has never heard such a racket outside his window.
Traffic roars through his neighborhood on the Upper East Side of Manhattan at all hours. The whine of refrigerated grocery trucks by the curb makes things worse. And construction of a new apartment tower across the street forces him to flee his own home. There is the deafening rat-a-tat of jack hammers and the incessant banging and high-pitched wail of construction equipment that echoes in his head.
“I've had two years of absolute violation of my right to peace and quiet,” said Mr. McIntosh, a television producer who has lived on the Upper East Side for more than five decades. “I think it's against the Geneva Conventions to have this much noise.”
New York City has never been kind to human ears, from its screeching subways and honking taxis to wailing police sirens. But even at its loudest, there were always relatively tranquil pockets like the Upper East Side that offered some relief from the day-to-day cacophony of the big city. Those pockets are vanishing. As the city grows more crowded, with a record 8.5 million residents and a forest of new buildings, finding respite from loud cellphone chatter, rooftop parties, backhoes digging foundations, or any other aural assault has become harder and harder.
In other words, New York is really living up to its reputation as the city that never sleeps.
Five years after The New York Times took a noise meter to restaurants, bars, stores and gyms across the city and found dangerous decibel levels, the city's noise problem has only gotten worse, according to noise experts and residents. Citywide, about 420,000 noise complaints were lodged with the city's 311 hotline in 2016, more than double the number of 2011.
Chevy Chase‘s abrupt departure from Community last week left the show's writers zero time to craft a big farewell for his curmudgeonly character, Pierce Hawthorne — so it's a good thing they didn't have to.
Sources confirm to TVLine that the Season 4 finale, which was shot out of sequence once word came down that Chase was exiting, includes a cliffhanger that leaves the fate of several characters up in the air — one of them being Pierce.
PHOTOS | 20 Actors TVLine Readers Want Back on TV Immediately
As a result, should NBC renew the show for a fifth season, it won't be tough to explain why Pierce is MIA. “[Episode 413] wasn't intended to set up his departure,” notes an source. “It just worked out that way.”
Meanwhile, rumor has it Community may have devised a way to include Pierce in one of the two Season 4 episodes shot after Chase's exit (aka Nos. 411 and 412). Remember, this is a show that has turned its actors into everything from cartoons to giant pillowmen.
Atelier Lydie & Suelle for PS4, Switch and PC Gets New Screenshots Showing New Characters and More
Giuseppe Nelva November 12, 2017 10:25:19 AM EST
Like most Sundays, Gust released another large gallery of screenshots of its new JRPG Atelier Lydie & Suelle: The Alchemists and the Mysterious Paintings.
Today Gust and Koei Tecmo released a new gallery of screenshots of their upcoming JRPG Atelier Lydie & Suelle: The Alchemists and the Mysterious Paintings.
First of all, we meet three new characters. Fuuko is a young girl living in one of the worlds within a painting. She has feathers on her back, and since she has never been outside, she is very curious about everything.
Neige Chantreuil is the creator of the first magical painting. She has a calm personality and behaves like a grown-up. She has a cynical outlook on society and would like to stay a child as long as possible.
Captain Bakken is also an inhabitant of a painting and is a glorious pirate. He dwells at the bottom of a submarine cave, protecting his treasure long after his body has decayed. He's a little intense, but also quite a bit funny and cheerful.
We also get to see quite a bit of the alchemy system, including the use of a catalyst to unlock bonuses and special effects. On top of that, the screenshots showcase the quests our protagonists can receive from the citizen to improve the popularity of their atelier.
Some screenshots also showcase some of the friends that can adventure with the twins, Matthias, Firis, Alto, and Sophie, on top of more looks at some of the paintings we can explore.
You can check out all the screenshots in the gallery below. If you want to see more about the game, you can check out the opening cutscene, the latest gameplay trailer, another recent gallery of screenshots introducing more characters, the first gameplay trailer, another batch of images and more screenshots from a few weeks ago.
The game will launch in Japan on December 21st, 2017, for PS4, Switch, and PS Vita. Unfortunately, the PS Vita version will come only for Japan. The western version, which will release in early 2018, will skip it in favor of PC.
Consumers in Vancouver had the lowest debt delinquency rate in Canada in Q2, according to Equifax | Shutterstock
Despite living in the most expensive city in Canada , Vancouverites have proven to be able to manage their consumer debts well – better than residents of any other major Canadian city, according to an Equifax report released September 5.
The average delinquency rate for all consumer debt, which includes all personal debt except mortgages, was 0.7% in Vancouver in 2017's second quarter. By comparison, the national average delinquency rate was 1.09% in the same period. In second place was Ottawa at 0.96%, followed by Toronto (1.16%), Calgary (1.2%) and Montreal (1.23%). The highest rates of delinquency were found in Fort McMurray (1.70%), Edmonton (1.48%) and Halifax (1.47%).
The average debt in Vancouver was $25,232, which was 4% higher than it was a year ago and more than 11% higher than the national average of $22,595. The highest average dept was found in Fort McMurray ($37,831), followed by Calgary ($29,261) and Edmonton ($27,224).
“Desire to take on more debt is certainly highest in Ontario,” said Equifax senior director of data and analytics Regina Malina. “Even in the face of potential increase of interest rates, consumers across the country continue to borrow and spend to some degree,” said Equifax senior director of data and analytics Regina Malina.
“Their overall ability to pay back this money on time remains stable, though. As interest rates gradually rise, and borrowing costs increase, this trend may be impacted over time.”
ecrawford@biv.com
@EmmaHampelBIV
Rep. Ruben Kihuen, D-Nev., speaks during a Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) anniversary event at the Consulate of Mexico in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Aug. 15, 2017. Bridget Bennett Las Vegas Review-Journal @bridgetkbennett
The bulk of Nevada's congressional delegation and national Democratic leaders on Friday condemned U.S. Rep. Ruben Kihuen in the wake of reports that he sexually harassed a former campaign staffer.
BuzzFeed News reported Friday that Kihuen, a 37-year-old freshman Democrat elected to the U.S. House in 2016, “repeatedly harassed and made sexual advances” toward a 25-year-old finance director during his congressional campaign.
The woman, identified in the article as Samantha, told BuzzFeed that Kihuen asked her on dates, propositioned her for sex and touched her thighs without consent on two occasions. Kihuen, who is unmarried, was 35 at the time.
Although Kihuen said he had no recollection of the events, Nevada Democratic Reps. Dina Titus and Jacky Rosen lambasted their colleague in the House.
“Many believed Ruben had great potential, but unfortunately his personal behavior has jeopardized his political career,” Titus said in a statement. “This culture of sexual harassment must end. Zero tolerance means zero tolerance. Ruben needs to step up and do what's right for the people of Nevada.”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also said Kihuen should go.
“In light of these upsetting allegations, Congressman Kihuen should resign,” Pelosi said in a statement.
Rosen, also elected to Congress for the first time last year, called for Kihuen's resignation.
“The culture where this behavior is brushed aside has gone on for too long, and I believe Congressman Kihuen should step aside,” Rosen said in a statement.
Kihuen is the latest male politician to be accused of making unwanted sexual advances.
Rep. John Conyers Jr., D-Mich., and Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., have been accused of sexual harassment. Senate candidate Roy Moore, an Alabama Republican, has been accused of sexually assaulting teenage girls decades ago.
“As I said with Roy Moore, Al Franken and others, if you engage in this conduct you need to step aside,” said Nevada Republican Sen. Dean Heller, who lives in Kihuen's 4th Congressional District. “Ruben Kihuen needs to go.”
Kihuen said in a statement that he does not remember anything related to the allegations.
“The staff member in question was a valued member of my team. I sincerely apologize for anything that I may have said or done that made her feel uncomfortable,” Kihuen said.
“I take this matter seriously, as it is not indicative of who I am, but I want to make it clear that I don't recall any of the circumstances she described. I was raised in a strong family that taught me to treat women with the utmost dignity and respect. I have spent my 15 years in public service fighting for women's equality, and I will continue to do so.”
Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto, D-Nev., said the “toxic culture of predatory sexual behavior” must end.
“I support a full, fair and expedient investigation against Congressman Kihuen and any other member of Congress who have women or men come forward with allegations of inappropriate behavior,” she said. “This process must be open (and) transparent and have an appropriate investigatory timeline that delivers justice.”
U.S. Rep Mark Amodei, a Republican from Northern Nevada, is the only member of Nevada's congressional delegation who did not release a statement about Kihuen, who was condemned by Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee chairman Ben Ray Luján.
“Members and candidates must be held to the highest standard. If anyone is guilty of sexual harassment or sexual assault, they should not hold elected office,” Luján said in a statement. “Congressman Kihuen should resign.”
Kihuen, who previously served in both chambers of the Nevada Legislature, was rebuked also by Nevada Senate Majority Leader Aaron Ford, who on the last day of the legislative session reprimanded former state Sen. Mark Manendo for sexual harassment and inappropriate misconduct.
My statement on the sexual harassment allegations against Rep. Ruben Kihuen: pic.twitter.com/MEXk82gQov — Sen. Aaron D. Ford (@AaronDFordNV) December 1, 2017
“I've always held the belief that it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or Republican — if there are allegations of misconduct, we should listen to women and a full investigation should take place immediately with serious consequences,” he wrote.
State Sen. Scott Hammond, a Republican candidate for Nevada's 3rd Congressional District, and Nevada Republican Party Chairman Michael McDonald also called for Kihuen to step down.
Contact Michael Scott Davidson at sdavidson@reviewjournal.com or 702-477- 3861. Follow @davidsonlvrj on Twitter.
TRENTON — Two New Jersey men admitted today to running a fake 9/11 charity that collected thousands of dollars by selling T-shirts and soliciting donations, only to use the money to line their own pockets, state authorities said.
Mark Niemczyk, 67, of Tinton Falls, and Thomas Scalgione, 41, of the Manahawkin section of Stafford, each admitted to a charge of theft by deception before state Superior Court Judge James Blaney in Ocean County.
As part of the plea bargain, state prosecutors will recommend Niemczyk be sentenced to about a year in county jail and probation, and that Scalgione be sentenced to probation. Scalgione will also face jail time for violating parole on an unrelated charge.
According to the state, Niemczyk in 2010 bought a pickup truck and had it custom-painted with 9/11 themes, including the World Trade Center towers, the logos of the New York City police and fire departments, and the names of those who died in the attacks.
The pair then worked together to bring the truck to 9/11 events in New Jersey and elsewhere, where they sold T-shirts and collected donations. Scalgione acted as the "public relations" person to arrange their participation in 9/11 events.
The men told people that proceeds from sales and the donations would benefit families of 9/11 victims or 9/11 charity organizations, but authorities said instead thousands of dollars were deposited into their bank accounts and used to pay personal expenses.
The plea bargain also requires Niemczyk and Scalgione to comply with a civil judgment ordering them to pay more than $120,000, including their proceeds as well as civil penalties, attorneys' fees and investigative costs.
RELATED COVERAGE
• Hoax 9/11 charity ordered to repay $121K in donations
• More Crime Coverage
Washington: The larger India shining story may have got tarnished over the past two years because of self-inflicted wounds, but stories of individual states racing ahead to the goal post are a good substitute.
Chief ministers of what I might call “chaalu” states — chaalu as in those who are already running away to success — are a breath of fresh air. They don't have to explain why things don't work because their success speaks for itself. Madhya Pradesh has flowered from a BIMARU to a chaalu state in less than a decade and credit must go to Shivraj Singh Chouhan, reportedly the new “development mascot” for the BJP.
Chouhan has achieved 11 percent growth rate for Madhya Pradesh but what's really impressive is the agricultural growth at 18.9 percent. He has shoved Haryana aside to get second place in wheat production and plans to displace Punjab. He is already number one in pulses and soyabean production. He is furiously building roads, diverting water for irrigation, getting into solar and wind energy. He claims to have created the only real “single window” for investment and personally meets investors every Monday. Four days of the week he travels in the state checking on delivery of promises. His e-governance initiatives are ahead even of many western countries. The bureaucrats who don't deliver get fined. Incrementally as days go by.
It is quite a resume. And I am not even a BJP sympathiser.
Chouhan comes without the baggage of Narendra Modi, the other BJP “star” who scares both his party and the larger population but is equally driven to achieve. It could be argued that his economic and administrative achievements are greater because they are more inclusive. He says he has communal harmony and many Muslims have benefited from his schemes. The dacoits are either killed or in jail. A small pocket of Naxals is “taken care of.”
His pitch is non-partisan — at least outside India — and without rancour against the central government. His enthusiasm to focus on his state and his state alone minus a detour to the bigger but messier national arena is sound politics.
In the interest of full disclosure, I must confess I have soft spot for Madhya Pradesh, a hidden gem of incredible natural beauty. It's my most favourite state ever since I went as a cub reporter to cover the Bhopal gas leak and its aftermath and took side trips to take a peak at the Khajuraho temples, the Panna waterfalls nearby. Growing up in Delhi I had never imagined beauty or greenery on that scale. The imprint remains. It was doubly delightful to hear that the beautiful state is also prospering. But please don't make a crazy tourist hub and cover it in plastic bags.
Listening to Chouhan vigorously pitch Madhya Pradesh as THE destination for foreign investment was also restorative after months of somnolent efforts by various officials and central ministers trying to stem the hemorrhaging credence from the India rising story. Lately it has only been about lower growth rates, blackouts, underachievers, the traveling circus of alliances, Mamata's tantrums, Rahul's innocence of politics, the downgrading by rating agencies, serial corruption scandals and The Economist's glib judgments. It has come by the bucketful.
It seems that India, for all practical purposes, will rise and shine in patches in the near term with ambitious and focused chief ministers whipping their states into shape. In the United States of India, those who can play both politics and economics have a future. Those who play only politics will recess further. Mamata please make friends with Shivraj.
Chouhan's success was remarkable enough that the World Bank invited him to make a presentation so that some of his ideas could be replicated in Africa, especially his many schemes for women's empowerment. His government has a series of financial rewards for families who put their daughters through school and college. The birth of a daughter itself ensures Rs 30,000 in government certificates.
The World Bank is a late comer to South-South cooperation but is increasingly convinced that the South has better answers for problems of the South and not those highly paid western contractors with a dubious track record. Chouhan also discussed an array of ambitious projects totaling $7.8 billion for Madhya Pradesh with Bank officials and came away with assurances of funding, mainly because the state government will come up with a bulk of the money. He wants the extra push that external financing can provide.
Unfortunately his appearance at the CII-US India Business Council was not as well attended as it should have been. Perhaps it was the timing — elections are on the American mind and wallets. Perhaps, the business class is temporarily stunned by the chaotic picture in New Delhi. It will take a few successes to whip up the enthusiasm again.
But that shouldn't stop successful chief ministers from making the pitch. Chouhan's presentation was professional starting with a slick and short film about Madhya Pradesh as an investment haven with top Indian industrialists from Ambanis to Birlas giving testimonials. He has facts on his fingertips, figures roll off his tongue and the passion came through. If you miss something, just plug in the pen drive his delegation hands out.
I just hope that in the rush to extract minerals from the earth and the race to displace Punjab and Gujarat on tables of high growth, Chouhan has a good regulatory structure and sound environmental policies in place. We want no Silent Spring in Madhya Pradesh.
You can follow @seemasirohi on Twitter
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
I see you over there, Deathclaw, creeping around in the distance. You haven't spotted me yet, but your unreasonably keen perception is bound to pick up on my presence soon. A Stealth Boy won't help, nor will my silenced weapon. You just seem to…know. Like a douche.
It's me, the Courier. I'm just here out of sheer curiosity, really. I was minding my own business the other day, hunting mole rats with an Anti-Material rifle and cajoling about the demise of the White Glove, when I happened upon a radio signal that directed me to a pile of old cars and junk with the words Lonesome Road scribbled on the front. Naturally I pushed them aside and entered – wouldn't you? I mean, what else am I supposed to do? It's not like I can lay on a dirty mattress in the Vegas sunshine, sipping irradiated water and lounging peacefully beneath the gentle hum of cazador wings. That shit gets you killed.
So I came in for a peek. Turns out this place is pretty messed up, huh? I've gotta admit, I'm sort of regretting my decision. There's this crazy fellow with some sort of morally misaligned God complex who keeps posessing my eyebot and speaking in excessively slow riddles, and these zany glowing black creepy critters keep trying to jackal slap me in the tunnels. And what's with all the ghouls? My God, the people here are ugly. I mean ug-ly. I haven't seen one attractive woman yet, and believe me, I've been looking. You hear about a place called “The Divide,” and things start going through your head about ladies and… well, anyway… That's not what's going on here.
I guess there is something neat going on. I've got this cool laser pistol thing that I can use to blow up all these gumdrop-looking nuclear warheads that happen to be sitting ALL OVER the place like bent tin cans. Why hasn't anyone seen to this yet? The detonator was literally just sitting out in the open. It's sort of fun blowing them up, though I'm sure detonating dozens of nukes at this proximity has made me sterile. It's OK, Cass is a bitch anyway.
None of that really poses a problem, though. Ultimately, I'm not having a good time. It's you, Deathclaw. You're like… completely out of control. I don't know what you're made out of, but I'm pretty sure nothing on earth, post-apocalypse or not, should need to be shot 18 times with a fully-automatic rocket launcher in order to fall down. For serious, just think about that for a second. It's a lot. And quite frankly, I think it's pretty rude. Especially since all I get to take when I kill one of you is one of your hands. How many of these do you think I need? They're hands! I can't carry all these! I've only got like 3 Buffouts left. Be reasonable. This little excursion through The Divide isn't even fun to begin with, and you're really not improving things. Your kind has never been this tough before, and at this point I'm not really in the mood.
Fortunately for me and my rapidly declining cache of Stimpacks, I'm on to you, Deathclaw. Turns out your ability to jump 40 feet and slash the holy hell out of me in one swing is significantly burdened if I take out your legs. Suddenly you're not all that and a bag of irradiated InstaMash, are you Deathclaw? No, you're not. You're just silly. You're pretty much a big slow-moving dinosaurish monster punchline to some joke about big slow-moving dinosaurish monsters.
I guess in your defense, there really isn't a lot to do around here, so at least crushing your legs is providing me with something to pass the time. But honestly, the last thing I need in life is three of you sniffing me out from a mile away. I'm level 50 and so are you. We've made it. We're at the cap. This is as tough as wastelanders get. Can't we just bask in our awesomeness and be bros? I've got a dog with a cyber brain and my own pad at the Lucky 38. For real. I have that stuff. Doesn't that impress you? You don't look impressed. You're still more or less charging at me. Really? Yeah, you're attacking. Gracious. Well ok, we can figure all that out later. No rush I guess.
If you decline, I suppose I will understand. It's not in your nature as a mutated being. Just know that even though you think you have the upper hand (get it?), your knees are in my sight, I'm pretty high on Jet and Med-X, and I just found a huge crate of ammo. And I'm not really as low on Stimpacks as I let on.
Or keep charging and pretend you don't even hear me. You'll figure it out soon enough.
This post likes Fallout: New Vegas. This post has six heads. This post canceled its Redbook subscription. This post swims in public pools.
Advertisements
The US will give Israel $38 billion in military aid over the next ten years under a landmark agreement which was signed on Wednesday.
The deal, the largest military aid package in U.S. history, was signed as planned by Israel's national security advisor and a senior US diplomat.
The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu released a statement after the signing, calling the deal “historic.”
The deal will require Israel to buy all weapons from US manufacturers, unlike previous aid packages which partially went to Israeli companies.
Middle East Eye reports:
Israel's acting national security adviser Jacob Nagel and US Under-Secretary of State Tom Shannon signed the deal at the State Department, bringing to an end month of wrangling over the details of the package.
The deal prevents Israel from requesting additional aid from Congress over the next 10 years, and will also remove the previous arrangement which had allowed Israel to use up to 25 percent of the aid money on its own defence industry, instead requiring that all the aid is spent with US arms manufacturers.
“Prime Minister Netanyahu and I are confident that the new MOU will make a significant contribution to Israel's security in what remains a dangerous neighbourhood,” US President Barack Obama said in a written statement.
“For as long as the state of Israel has existed, the United States has been Israel's greatest friend and partner, a fact underscored again today,” Obama said.
“This commitment to Israel's security has been unwavering and is based on a genuine and abiding concern for the welfare of the Israeli people and the future of the State of Israel.”
Obama has not had the warmest of relations with Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and Washington in recent weeks stepped up its criticism of Israeli settlement-building on occupied Palestinian land.
The deal covers the period from 2019 to 2028 and will see Israel receive about $3.3bn per year in foreign military financing – up from $3.1bn currently – and $500,000 in funding for missile defence.
Israel is already the biggest single recipient of US military aid from the State Department's foreign military financing budget, and also receives some direct support from Pentagon funds for specific projects.
During ZIKV the outbreak in Brazil it was observed an increase of almost 20 times the number of reported cases of microcephaly in newborn babies. There is no vaccine or approved drug available for the treatment and prevention of infections by this virus. EGCG, a polyphenol present in green tea has been shown to have an antiviral activity for many viruses. In view of the need for the development of a drug against a Brazilian strain of ZIKV, we assessed the effect of EGCG on ZIKV entry in Vero E6 cells. The drug was capable of inhibiting the virus entry by at least 1-log (>90%) at higher concentrations (>100μM). The pre-treatment of cells with EGCG did not show any effect on virus attachment. This is the first study to demonstrate the effect of EGCG on ZIKV indicating that this drug might be possibility to be used for prevention of Zika virus infections.
Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
This week Uber is launching its food delivery service, UberEats, in New York City and Chicago. The company has already piloted the program in Los Angeles and Barcelona. UberEats will be accessible from within Uber's existing app, although the food option only shows up when consumers are in the coverage area. The service promises dishes from "popular, iconic restaurants" delivered curbside — not to your door — "faster than it takes to boil water."
An Uber representative told The Verge that UberEats has its own dedicated drivers. Lunch options will range from $9 to $12, while dinner options will range from $10 to $15. The Uber rep said meals come with a $3 delivery fee ($4 in New York City), regardless of the number of meals you order.
"Faster than it takes to boil water."
In a blog post about the expansion, Uber says it plans to "curate" menus, which will change daily, just like any other artisanal app experience. For its inaugural run in New York City, UberEats will kick off with "an exclusive sandwich" from American Cut, Kale Caesar salad from Sweetgreen, the steak sandwich from Num Pang, and more. Chicago consumers can order the Pepito Torta from XOCO and Carne Asada Cemita from Cemitas, among other offerings.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has been telegraphing his attempt at delivery domination since 2013, when he told Bloomberg: "Once you're delivering cars in five minutes, there are a lot of things you can deliver in 5 minutes." Uber's first foray into "things" began with courier service called UberRush tested in Manhattan. Next up was Cornerstore, a delivery service for household items beta-tested in Washington, D.C. that was renamed UberEssentials.
It's only natural that the company, which raised $5.9 billion in funding, doubles down on UberEats while venture capitalists are salivating hundreds of millions over food delivery.
Uber claims that the response to UberEats has been "amazingly positive." In Los Angeles, Uber now offers brunch on the weekends and claims delivery time is down to 10 minutes or less. According to Uber, its drivers "tell us they love having another way to earn more through the Uber platform," although the $40 billion company and its contract workers don't always see eye to eye. To promote its carpool offering, Uber is charging San Francisco customers only $7 to get anywhere in the city using UberPool, while drivers are compensated regularly. It's unclear what kind of incentives Uber is offering drivers for UberEats.
Uber says the feedback from UberEats has been 'amazingly positive'
In response to questions from The Verge about the status of of UberRush and UberEssentials, the company said that UberRush was still running out of New York City, adding:
We're always experimenting and finding new, creative ways to leverage the Uber app and provide even greater value to our riders and driver partners. UberEssentials was one of those experiments and we're already taking our learnings and using them to determine what's next. What we found with UberEssentials is people loved the convenience of using the Uber platform to get their everyday household products on-demand. The experiment allowed us to identify what our users valued about the service, as well as areas where we can make the experience even better. We look forward to continuing to innovate and providing users with new and valuable ways to leverage the Uber app.
To place an UberEats order, users just slide to appropriate tab and hit "view menu." The idea is to make food delivery as gratuitously mindless as ordering a private driver. But before Sprig, DoorDash, SpoonRocket, or any of the other heavily-funded food apps start sweating, they can take comfort in the fact that when Cornerstore (sorry UberEssentials) first launched, it was supposed to keep Amazon's Jeff Bezos up at night.
1. The list of demands isn't always clear, but when they are announced, they are often impossibly specific.
When you ask them what they want, they get so absorbed in the question that their tiny toddler brains seemingly overheat and they stammer and stutter as they try to get the words out. Saliva runs down their chin, and a circuitous, long-winded statement finally spills out like floodwater that's been building up behind the earthworks: I wan…I want…I want to go to a movie like the Foe-zen, but I wanna bring my Lego puppy. We could have a pizza. On a Tuesday, on a rocket ship. When you tell them that their request isn't possible, they lose it. With toddlers, every request is a potential Kobayshi Maru.
2. They protest even when you give them exactly what they want.
At lunch, after you rattle through all of the various food options, they insist upon a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, but only if it's in a triangle shape with peanut butter on the top bread and jelly on the bottom bread. Any deviance from this order is met with screams FedEx'ed from the pit of hell. But when you finally hand over the perfect isosceles sandwich and silently congratulate yourself on the culinary masterpiece you've created, they just look at it, sniff, and push it away before howling, “BUT I SAID PEANUT BUTTER AND JELLY!” Crestfallen, you meekly reply, “But that's what I gave you!”
3. Just when you think the negotiations are going well, the subject's demeanor changes instantly.
The child is all hugs and cuddles one moment, but then suddenly, they lunge toward your face and scream, I EAT YOUR FACE LIKE A T. rex! OM NOM NOM! Within seconds, your face is covered in enough toddler slobber to keep the CDC in business for years.
4. Rational, everyday conversations go on for some time, then turn delusional and nonsensical in a moment.
You might have planned on going to the park after lunch, and you both may have talked at length about what your toddler plans to do there — go down the slide, go on the big-boy swing — but on the way there, your toddler stops mid-conversation, and from the backseat all you hear is a guttural muttering and you glance back to see them tossing their head from side to side, the Dum-Dum they got for going to the bathroom in the “big boy toilet” dangling from their mouth. They laugh maniacally for a few moments, stick their fingers into their eyes, and the only thing they say is, “Eyeballs!” It's like The Exorcist, only stickier.
5. When negotiations go south, they do so in a hurry.
A completely minor disagreement — about whether or not there are, in fact, five goldfish snacks on the plate — can spiral into a paroxysm of tears and a tornado of writhing limbs in seconds. Even when you count the goldfish out to them — and they count along — they disagree.
6. Threats and bribery are omnipresent.
Already dissatisfied with the idea of negotiation to begin with, the toddler's threat is obvious: the quivering pout lip is ready to morph into first a grotesque sneer and then into the gaping maw that leads to parenting hell: a tantrum. Your threats — about time-outs and telling Santa — are mostly empty. Let's be honest, you're not going to be withholding presents from a one-and-half-year old at Christmas.
To a toddler, tears are currency, and if they print enough money, they know there's a good chance they can eventually cash in.
7. Even when you both want the same thing, it still might be trouble.
Even when there are obvious points of agreement — it's fun to see Grandma and Grandpa at the restaurant — the toddler still refuses to cooperate, often because they somehow lose the ability to stand, let alone walk. (This is even more perplexing because this is the same child who has done little else all day except sprint from room to room scattering toys like some sort of dust devil.)
When you finally pull into the parking lot at the restaurant — the trip they've demanded all week — they suddenly wail, “No! I don't want to go to restaurant! I want to have pizza in Minne-nap-olis!” This is despite the fact that they have only visited Minneapolis in utero, and have never had pizza there.
8. There is no such thing as victory, only a delay of the inevitable.
On occasion, thanks to a combination of the vagaries of the toddler's mood, parental preparedness (snacks!) and perhaps a fortuitous alignment of the planets, a negotiation with a toddler goes well. The toddler uses the bathroom, helps dress themselves, and even finds and puts on (!) their coat. This can cause the shocked (and relieved) parents to imagine that the days of constant battles won't last forever. But then, when it comes time to load them into the car seat, they roll over and attempt to spin away: “I don't want to sit in that seat. You sit there. Daddy, I want to drive!”
ADVERTISEMENT:
Help us build the ultimate iOS and Android app for traders and collectors. Back our Kickstarter today!
By James Chillcott (@MTGCritic)
And we're back for round by round MTGFinance coverage of the Top 8 matches at Pro Tour: Fate Reforged! Stick with us all day as we explore the potential financial implications of the early 2015 Modern metagame based on how the rounds play out.
3:59pm: Finals: Amulet (Justin Cohen) vs. Splinter Twin (Antonio Del Moral Leon)
Antonio takes the next few games on the back of Blood Moon and some bad draws from the Amulet deck and Splinter Twin is our Pro Tour Champion
Justin Cohen shows the importance of deck practice, navigating a tricky Game 1 to a victory with poise
Splinter Twin called out as favored in the matchup
3:24pm: Antonio takes down Jelger to proceed to the finals
1:40pm Semi-Finals: Amulet of Vigor (Justin Cohen) vs. Jesse Hampton (Abzan)
Cohen plays tight facing pressure and wins despite an Aven Mindcensor hampering his Primeval Titan
If Hornet Queen doesn't win it, it'll be about Tasigur. Love it.
Hornet Queen may be the pivotal card in Game 3. Yes, in Modern.
Justin Cohen manages to start going off on Turn 3 to take Game 2
Jesse Hampton overcomes 2 Primeval Titans to take Game 1
12:28pm Quarterfinals: Abzan (Jacob Wilson) vs. Splinter Twin (Jelger Wiergersma )
Jelger Dispels past a Path To Exile to face the Twin mirror match and guarantee Splinter Twin makes it into the finals
Despite a timely Anger of the Gods by Jelger, Jacob Wilson gets a game as his opponent fails to find his combo
Wiergersma gets his combo early to take Game 1 in a hurry.
Both remaining Abzan decks need to get past combo decks to win. Seems unlikely.
11:16am: Quarterfinals: U/R Splinter Twin (Antonio Del Moral Leon) vs. R/W Burn (Lee Shi Tian)
Antonio Del Moral Leon gets one step closer to winning the first Pro Tour he has ever attended, and gives Splinter Twin a better shot at winning the day.
Tight play by Lee Shi Tian takes us Game 2 on the back of an Eidolon of the Great Revel
Antonio takes down Game 1 in convincing fashion
10:21am: Quarterfinals: Burn (Seth Manfield) vs. Amulet of Vigor (Justin Cohen)
Cohen pilots well through Game 3 to survive his encounter with Burn and move on to the semi-finals
A well-timed Molten Rain out of the sideboard for Seth Manfield helps take down Cohen in Game 2
Justin Cohen steals Game 1 with a timely Simian Spirit Guide into Hive Mind to stick a Pact that Manfield can't pay for
Key cards from the Amulet deck for the MTGFinance minded include: Amulet of Vigor, Hive Mind, Primeval Titan. See our reviews below.
9:20am: Quarterfinals: Eric Froelich (Abzan) vs. Jesse Hampton (Abzan)
Tasigur again playing a key role towards the end of Game 3 based on the ability to ensure attrition swings the way of he who holds the Bananas by recursing key cards. Jesse Hampton takes down the first match of the day, reducing to one the number of discard focused Abzan decks in contention for the win.
Maelstrom Pulse top deck called out as the winning card for Jesse Hampton in Game 2.
Siege Rhino and Tasigur defining the shape of this 1st game and highlighting the future of both cards in Modern and the strong likelihood that foils of both cards will continue to increase.
EFro takes an easy Game 1 on the strength of timely discard.
9:05am:
After 16 tense rounds of Modern and Draft, it's all down to 2 Twin, 3 Abzan, 1 Bloom and 2 Burn decks.
Here are the potentially financially relevant cards for each archetype:
Abzan
Siege Rhino (Foil)
12 copies in the Top 8! 4 months ago, very few players realized just how good this card was. Sure, the horned one was clearly set up as a major player in standard, but only the mad genius types had yet started testing this swingy and efficient creature for older formats. But then, a single copy started showing up in Pod decks and some of us started accumulating foils in the $10 range. Soon enough the Pod decks went to 4, but then Birthing Pod was banned, and the naysayers said it would fall of the table. Well, as it turns out, this card is plenty powerful in it's own right and seems destined to have a long and storied career at the top tables in Modern for much of 2015 and possibly beyond. As a Khans of Tarkir rare in plentiful supply, 4-of demand from dual formats should keep the non-foil below $12 all year, but I like foils for continued growth up towards $40 on a strong finish today.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Lingering Souls (Foil)
This is the other Abzan staple with upside appearing as a 4-of in all three of the contending decks, for a total of 12 copies in the Top 8. The card already has a few reprints at uncommon, but only one foil printing outside promo versions, which gives it a shot to make a run for new highs if it takes a trophy today and stays relevant in the meta as a great way to present threats that are resistant to point removal.
Tarmogoyf
There are 8 copies of this creature in the Top 8, but they play against each in the first round. Tarmogoyf has hung out in the $180-$200 range for quite a while, and is unlikely to move much based on the results of this tournament. Rather, the issue will likely hinge on whether the card shows up again in Modern Masters 2015, a possibility I now peg at roughly 50/50. On the one hand Wizards would certainly like to see the price of the card come down as they had originally intended by their reprint release in Modern Masters. On the other hand, this means printing the card yet again, which may not have been on their mind when they went to the presses. I'm staying away.
Lilianna of the Veil
In the presence of the powerful blue/red Treasure Cruise decks leveraging Young Pyromancer tokens and the ability to shrug off discard spells, LOTV was sidelined. With those decks booted from the metagame however, Lilliana of the Veil has already started climbing back from her recent prices in the lows $50s. Folks who got in 6 weeks ago, are already facing 50% increases, with the card testing new highs around $85-$90 this morning. With a promo printing this spring, and no possibility of a reprint in MM2, only an outside chance of an appearance in M16 would be likely to stop the card from topping $100 again if she wins this tournament.
Noble Heirarch
This card was previously key to the dominant pre-bannings Pod Decks last season, but had fallen from $80 highs down to the current $55 levels on the assumption that Birthing Pod getting banned would hurt demand for the card in Modern. Instead we see 7 copies out of 3 relevant decks in the Top 8 and a chance for this sweet aggro/ramp creature to take home another trophy. Specing on this card is a short term play however as the card is very likely to appear in Modern Masters 2015 early this summer. Note that the card does not appear in the Jesse Hampton version of the deck, so pay attention to which version wins here.
Abrupt Decay
7 copies of this card appear in the decks of the Top 8, but there is little doubt that this card can find a new high in the $15-20 range this year on consistent demand all the way back to Legacy and no reprints on the horizon.
ADVERTISEMENT:
U/R Twin
Splinter Twin
As the key element of the two Twin decks in the Top 8, Splinter Twin stands to benefit in the short-term if the deck takes the tourney. The mid-term outlook is muddied by a likely appearance in Modern Masters 2015 in June, which should hold the card down below $10 for a while if it's reprinted at rare, which seems likely. At present, the card is hovering around $16, but it's been as high as $35 last summer, and we should be able to retest at least $25 for a month or two if the deck earns another trophy today.
Snapcaster Mage
Available for as little as $20 after it rotated out of Standard, Snapcaster Mage was always destined to be a staple in Legacy and Modern, but hit a rough patch when the sheer power of Treasure Cruise and Dig Through Time made delving the graveyard better than recasting it. With those two cards now banned in Modern, Snapcaster is again primed to succeed. The card has gained ground early in 2015 and is now hanging out around $35. However, as a card that will not be reprinted this year, and which fits into WUR Control and Aggro builds as well as Splinter Twin decks, there's a good chance Snapcaster Mage can hit and hold $50+ this year. A win today could spark that fire.
Remand
This uncommon staple from Ravnica: City of Guilds recently saw a reprinting in the Jace vs. Vraska Duel Deck but I still worry that it's coming back again in Modern Masters 2 in June. Another printing at uncommon will make this a $3 card. As such, I'm selling, not buying, despite the key role this card plays in Splinter Twin and other viable Modern decks.
Burn
Goblin Guide
Goblin Guide spiked to $40 last fall on it's role in the punishing U/R Delver decks, but has since fallen down under $20, partly on the assumption of lessened play after the banning of Treasure Cruise, and partly on the assumption that the card will be reprinted in Modern Masters 2015 later this summer. A win for a Burn deck today (both are running the card) could boost the Goblin into the $20-25 for a short while as people move toward the deck to take down their local tourneys. Part of the strength lies in the fact that all straight red, R/W and R/B versions are all viable in the metagame right now.
Eidolon of the Great Revel
Initially dismissed as unplayable, it didn't take long last summer for Burn players to demonstrate that Eidolon of the Great Revel is likely one of the best red creatures of all time. The appearance of the card on the table puts Modern and Legacy decks on tilt given their plethora of cheap spells, while simultaneously providing a clock. Foils have already enjoyed a big jump in recognition of the play as far back as Legacy, but the regular copies are almost certain to follow a path similar to Abrupt Decay post-rotation, making them one of the best pickups on this list. I'm holding 60+ copies, and intend to pick up another 40 or so under $7.
Amulet
Amulet of Vigor
The last time this deck did well in a big tournament, it spiked from $2 to $10, falling all the way back to $3 after some of the early birds reaped some profit off the hype. This time, with the deck guaranteed a fresh Pro Tour Top 8, I suspect it will regain $10, and possibly push $15 if it wins. As a Zendikar block card, it is possible to appear in MM2, but there is room to grow before that point. Foils were bought out under $10 yesterday, and are likely to reappear this week around $25-30, depending on what happens with the regular copies.
Primeval Titan
Titan was briefly a $40 cards during it's the most dominant period in standard, but post rotation it struggled to find a home in an older format, and has fallen towards $10. With a key role to play in the Amulet deck however, this beating of a ramp creature could easily challenge $15-20 if the deck wins and becomes popular in local metagames.
Hive Mind
Previous versions of this deck played fewer copies as their alternate win condition, but with 3 copies now becoming the standard, Hive Mind is poised to regain some ground towards previous highs in the $5-6 range. Foils are also out there around $10, which seems pretty solid right now, as this card is almost certainly not getting reprinted in MM2 due to awkwardness in limited.
————————————————————
Here are the Top 8 Quarterfinal Matchups:
Abzan (EFro) vs. Abzan (Jesse Hampton)
U/R Splinter Twin (Antonio Del Moral Leon) vs. R/W Burn (Lee Shi Tian)
U/R Splinter Twin (Jelger Wiegersma) vs. Anti-Abzan (Liege Abzan)
Burn (Seth Manfield) vs. Amulet of Vigor (Justin Cohen)
———————————————————————
First, a recap of the Top 8 Modern Decks of Pro Tour Fate Reforged:
Abzan (Eric Froelich) U/R Splinter Twin (Antonio Del Moral Leon ) U/R Splinter Twin (Jelger Wiegersma) Burn (Seth Manfield) Amulet of Vigor (Justin Cohen) Jacob Wilson (Liege Abzan) R/W Burn (Lee Shi Tian) Abzan (Jesse Hampton)
James Chillcott is the CEO of ShelfLife.net, The Future of Collecting, Senior Partner at Advoca, a designer, adventurer, toy fanatic and an avid Magic player and collector since 1994.
ADVERTISEMENT: Get the Cube Starter Bundle with the 3rd Edition Grimoire Deck Box, the brand new Grimoire Deck Box designed specifically for the red mage in you.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Former interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan on Wednesday lambasted the new policy for Afghanistan and South Asia announced by US President Donald Trump, saying Pakistan was not responsible for the failure of US and its allies in Afghanistan.
Nisar also ridiculed Trump's claim that the US has paid "billions and billions of dollars" to Pakistan and called on the government to issue the record of the past 20 years to "expose" American claims.
"It's not billions of dollars, it's peanuts," the former interior minister said while addressing the National Assembly.
Editorial: Pakistan and US must talk
Nisar said that Coalition Support Fund payments from the US were for services rendered by Pakistan in the fight against terrorism.
He also criticised the US for dragging its feet in making payments from the military fund, adding: "If our bill [for military services] is $500 million, they [US] sit on it for months [...] and end up giving us $200 million."
"They have ruined our roads, our airspace and our country, but are not ready to pay for the expenses."
"Put your money where your mouth is," Nisar railed, adding that the US has been able to point fingers because Pakistan did not keep a proper record of American assistance.
Nisar said that while he was the interior minister, he had called for an "international audit" of US claims that it had paid Pakistan $240 million over five years.
But that "very democratic country [US] did not respond to the audit proposal, and the matters are still the same," claimed Nisar.
Peace in Afghanistan is more in the interest of Pakistan than of the US, but "no one should expect one-sided cooperation from Pakistan", he added.
Agreeing with Opposition Leader Khursheed Shah, he said that a joint session of the parliament should have been called to discuss the response to the US policy instead of a National Assembly session.
A message conveyed from a united parliament would be positive, he added.
'We want to wipe the slate clean'
Nisar said that all the institutions should be united and speak the same language in responding to the new US policy, adding that a statement based on arguments should be prepared in which the allegations of terrorist networks and inordinate US aid are addressed.
He suggested that an international forum could be chosen where "we point out the terror networks existing there [Afghanistan] and you [point to the networks] here", following which a procedure could be chalked out to determine whether terrorist networks exist in Afghanistan or Pakistan.
Additionally, he said, an audit of US aid received in the last 10 years should be conducted to determine how much money was spent in Pakistan, and "how much they gave with one hand and how much went back [with] the other".
The ex-minister said that it was a positive step that the visit of US Assistant Secretary of State Alice Wells was rescheduled. The diplomat should visit, he said, "but we should first say we want to wipe the slate clean regarding the allegations levelled against us".
He said that a way forward should be cleared by the Foreign Ministry: "You [US] give us the evidence, we will clear [the matter]", he said, adding that the biggest destabilising factor in Afghanistan is the US plan to impose a "totally irrelevant country", India, on Afghanistan.
'No nation has paid a higher price'
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) leader and former foreign minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi appreciated the unity displayed by the government and opposition lawmakers in responding to Trump's statement.
"These speeches go to show that Pakistan has rejected Trump's statement with unity."
"Trump said that Pakistan is not doing enough in the war against terrorism, but tell me one nation that has paid a higher price for this war," Qureshi said.
"Our army, our police, even our own people, have lost their lives in this war; no other country can say they have done as much."
Pakistan thanks the US for the assistance it has given to the former, but both sides should sit down and "tabulate the amount of money that has been given to us and of everything that has been taken from us," said Qureshi. "Let us calculate the amount and then see who has spent more."
He said that Pakistan has always stood for peace and stability in Afghanistan because it knows that "peace in Pakistan will not be possible without peace in Afghanistan".
Appreciating Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif's plan to visit China, Russia and Turkey for consultations on the new American policy, Qureshi said that the minister should also visit Iran, with whom both Pakistan and Afghanistan share borders.
'Sidelining of FO behind failures'
PPP leader Khursheed Shah in his speech also pointed out that it would have been better if the debate took place in a joint session of the parliament rather than in the NA.
He said that the NA should prepare a resolution regarding the Trump policy while keeping Pakistan's neighbours in mind. "There is nothing to be emotional about; we should keep our wits about us and create a resolution."
"The biggest reason for our [foreign policy] failure is the fact that we sidelined our Foreign Office for so long," he said.
Trump's diatribe
Trump had in his August 21 speech announced a new strategy for Afghanistan while denouncing Pakistan for allegedly allowing terrorists to maintain safe havens inside its territory.
He also seemed to want India to take on a bigger role in Afghanistan, stoking fears in Islamabad that India would use this opportunity for stirring trouble in the bordering areas of Pakistan.
Talking tough on Pakistan, Trump had said, "We can no longer be silent about Pakistan's safe havens for terrorist organisations," while warning that vital aid to Islamabad could be cut.
"We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting," Trump had said. "That will have to change and that will change immediately."
One popular explanation for the American public's palpable unwillingness to countenance military involvement in the Syrian civil war was that the country has slumped into a deep isolationist mood. But the reaction scarcely represents a “new isolationism” or a “growing isolationism” or a “new noninterventionist fad.” Rather, there has always been a deep reluctance to lose American lives or to put them at risk overseas for humanitarian purposes.
In Bosnia, for example, the United States held off intervention on the ground until hostilities had ceased, and, even then, the public was anything but enthusiastic when American peacekeeping soldiers were sent in. Bombs, not boots, were sent to Kosovo. In Somalia, the United States abruptly withdrew its troops when eighteen of them were killed in a chaotic firefight in 1993. The United States, like other developed nations, has mostly stood aloof in many other humanitarian disasters such as those in Congo, Rwanda and Sudan. The country did get involved in Libya, but the operation was strained and hesitant, and there was little subsequent enthusiasm to do much of anything about the conflict in neighboring Mali.
There has always been a deep reluctance to lose American lives or to put them at risk overseas for humanitarian purposes.
This perspective is seen most clearly, perhaps, when pollsters presented Americans in 1993 with the statement, “Nothing the U.S. could accomplish in Somalia is worth the death of even one more U.S. soldier.” Fully 60 percent expressed agreement. This is not such an unusual position for humanitarian ventures. If Red Cross or other workers are killed while carrying out humanitarian missions, their organizations frequently threaten to withdraw, no matter how much good they may be doing.
Some commentators, including such unlikely soulmates as Andrew Bacevich, Robert Kagan, John Mearsheimer, Rachel Maddow and Vladimir Putin, have variously maintained that we have seen the rise of a new American militarism in the last decades or that Americans hail from Mars.
But that perspective extrapolates far too much from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. In these cases, opinion was impelled not by a propensity toward militarism, but, as with entry into World War II, by the reaction to a direct attack on the United States. These ventures—the 9/11 wars—have proved to be aberrations from usual patterns, not portents of the future. Although they demonstrate that Americans remain willing to strike back hard if attacked, they do not indicate a change in the public's reticence about becoming militarily involved in other kinds of missions, particularly humanitarian ones.
An examination of the trends in a poll question designed to tap “isolationism” does not suggest a surge of militarism. Instead, it documents something of a rise in public wariness regarding military intervention beginning with the Vietnam War and, thereafter, a fair amount of steadiness punctured by spike-like ups and downs in response to current events, including 9/11 and its ensuing wars.
Since 1945, pollsters have periodically asked, “Do you think it will be best for the future of this country if we take an active part in world affairs, or if we stayed out of world affairs?” The question seems to have been framed to generate an “internationalist” response. In 1945, after all, the United States possessed something like half of the wealth of the world and therefore scarcely had an option about “taking an active part in world affairs,” as it was so blandly and unthreateningly presented. And, so queried, only 19 percent of poll respondents in 1945 picked the “stay out” or “isolationist” option. The authors of the poll question got the number they probably wanted.
(Actually, to generate high levels of this quality, the query can be reformulated to “We shouldn't think so much in international terms but concentrate more on our own national problems and building up our strength and prosperity here at home.” In that rendering, measured “isolationism” registers 30 to 40 percentage points higher.)
In the post-war years the “stay out” percentage rose a bit to around 25 percent, but it had descended to 16 percent in 1965 in the aftermath of the 1962 Cuban missile crisis and as the war in Vietnam was about to begin. The experience of that war pushed it much higher—to 31 to 36 percent—as part of what has been called the “Vietnam syndrome.”
It has stayed at around that level ever since. There was a temporary downward dip during the Gulf War of 1991 and interesting spikes upward at the time of the Kosovo conflict in 1999 even though no American troops were lost and even though it was deemed successful at the time. And, in this century, the “stay out” percentage dropped to 14, its lowest recorded level, in the aftermath of 9/11. It rose the next year, and then plunged downward again in 2003 and 2004, the first two years of the Iraq War. By 2006, however, it had risen again to post-Vietnam levels where it has remained through 2012, the last time the question was asked.
Given the bland attractiveness of the “take an active part in world affairs” option, it is impressive that around a third or more of the public since Vietnam has generally rejected it to embrace the “stay out” option. However, this is likely to be more nearly an expression of wariness about costly and frustrating military entanglements than a serious yearning for full withdrawal. There is, for example, no real indication that Americans want to erect steely trade barriers. And polls, including ones on Syria, continually show that the public is far more likely to approve foreign ventures if they are approved and supported by allies and international organizations. Real isolationism should be made of sterner stuff.
The public response to intervention in Syria also suggests that people, contrary to a large literature, are not readily manipulable by “opinion elites.” The Obama administration dramatically proposed military action in response to chemical weapons use in Syria, and leaders of both parties in Congress rather quickly fell into line. Moreover, these bipartisan “leadership cues” were accompanied by disturbing photographs of the corpses of Syrian children apparently killed in the attack.
Nonetheless, the American public has been decidedly unwilling even to support the punitive bombing of Syria—a venture likely to risk few if any American lives—out of concern that it would lead to further involvement in the conflict there. And the U.S. public has remained suspicious of, and therefore immune to, repeated assurances from President Barack Obama that he has categorically ruled out putting “boots on the ground” in Syria.
Leaders may propose acting abroad, but that doesn't mean public opinion will move in concert, that people will necessarily buy the message. And on the occasions when they do, it is probably best to conclude that the message has struck a responsive chord, rather than that the public has been manipulated.
Ideas are like commercial products. Some become embraced by the customers while most, no matter how well packaged or promoted, fail to ignite acceptance or even passing interest. It is a process that is extremely difficult to predict and even more difficult to manipulate.
UPDATE: Beck responded to this story during his Wednesday program, taking issue with a description of his preference for the terms "black" and "colored" over "African American." Beck has consistently indicated that he dislikes the term "African American" and was emphatic on Tuesday that "black" is his preference. At that time, he also responded to a reference to the term "colored" by saying, "It's not a bad thing. Only here. Why are we made to feel bad?" He backpedalled on Wednesday, saying, "I'm explaining what's happening in South Africa." The complete audio of his original comments is available on this page, as it has been since the story was published, and readers are invited to evaluate it for themselves. Separately, HuffPost has replaced the word "insisted" with "implied" as Beck spoke about these terms in a similar context but didn't compare them directly.
A reference in this story to South Africa has been corrected. Beck pointed to the country as an example in terms of language, but not specifically as one "for America to follow." Beck did not take issue on his program with this previous description, but it was a more accurate reflection of his words to remove it.
The housing crisis that has seen hundreds of thousands of people in London struggle with soaring rents and rising house prices will broaden dramatically because of a sharp reduction in affordable homes, according to research.
Analysis of the government's plans to extend the right to buy, and the forced sale of council houses in the housing bill, claims there will be more than 21,000 fewer affordable properties in the capital by 2020.
Sadiq Khan urges Tory rival for London mayor to fight housing bill Read more
The research, by Labour mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan, also says the government's proposals – scheduled to go before parliament again next month – could result in more than £800m in housing funds sucked out of London each year.
“The housing crisis in London is bad now but as a consequence of this bill it will fall off a cliff edge,” said Khan, who is making housing a leading issue in his attempt to become the capital's mayor in May. “It is going to be catastrophic for hundreds of thousands of people who will see rents and house prices rise and a steep decline in the number of affordable properties.”
The housing bill will extend the right to buy to housing association properties, paid for by the forced sale of council homes. This means housing association properties can be bought at a discount, with the difference made up by the sale of the most valuable council properties.
Khan said this would lead to a big reduction in affordable housing in London – as both council homes and housing association properties are sold off – and that the money given back to housing associations was likely to be spent outside the capital.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sadiq Khan: ‘London's housing crisis is bad now but as a consequence of this bill it will fall off a cliff edge.' Photograph: Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images
“This policy is going to have a devastating impact on housing in London, especially for families or those trying to get on the housing ladder,” he said. “Each of these numbers are people – families with young children, young professionals – and their lives are being turned upside down. It is going to have a huge impact on the sort of city we live in.”
The research, based on an analysis of the existing right-to-buy scheme, says 5,423 social and affordable homes could be sold off in London every year as a result of the bill being passed, either from housing associations under the new right to buy, or from the forced sale of council properties. This would result in 21,692 fewer affordable properties in London by 2020.
Under the government plans, hundreds of millions of pounds of funding will be taken from London and spent in other parts of the UK each year.
Khan said the bill had been designed without any thought to the specific housing challenges facing London. He called on politicians from all parties – including the Conservative candidate for London mayor, Zac Goldsmith – to vote against the plans as they stand.
Goldsmith said the aim of this bill was right, “extending the possibility of home ownership to a million people”.
But he added: “The details matter and the bill needs amending to ensure it works for Londoners ... The bill must deliver a clear net increase in low-cost housing for Londoners and I am working with colleagues to ensure it reflects that.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Zac Goldsmith: ‘The bill needs amending to ensure it works for Londoners.' Photograph: Lynda Bowyer/Demotix/Corbis
This year it was revealed that thousands of poorer families have already left inner London in the past five years, creating “social cleansing on a vast scale” and leaving large parts of the capital as the preserve of the wealthy.
But Khan warned this trend would accelerate dramatically if the bill was passed. “There are things we can do to tackle the housing crisis in London and I will implement those on day one if I become mayor,” he said.
“But the first job is to defeat these proposals which, if they go through, will change this city, making it all but impossible for many families or young people to live here.”
Khan, if elected, plans to set up a home for Londoners initiative, led by a team of housing and development experts in city hall, who would work with councils and private developers to speed up housebuilding across the capital, identifying public land for development, finding new sources of finance and speeding up the building process. They will use the mayor's planning powers to ensure half of the homes in any new development are genuinely affordable, stop developers selling off new properties to investors before they are finished, and set up a not for profit London-wide letting agency that would reduce fees and offer tenants longer term lets.
A spokesman for the Department for Communities and Local Government said: “We want to help anyone who works hard and aspires to own their own home turn their dream into a reality. More homes were built in London as a result ofright to buy, with nearly 1,140 new starts and acquisitions made against 536 sold under the first year of the reinvigorated scheme. This shows councils are delivering on their commitment to provide one for one replacement within three years.”
Today's housing crisis means strangers are now sleeping two to a bed | Dawn Foster Read more
‘House prices go up faster than we can save'
Michael Chillingworth, 31, and his partner Laura MacMillan, 32, live in a small rented flat in Golders Green, north London. They pay £1,000 a month in rent and are keen to move to somewhere bigger but say there is no way they can afford it, despite having a combined income of approximately £45,000.
“We are not able to save up a deposit because of what we pay in rent and the costs of living in London,” said Chillingworth. “We feel stuck. We are not able to afford anything bigger, either renting or buying. Ideally we would love to buy a place but there is just no way.”
He said it was difficult for them to imagine what their future would hold. “The kind of work I do means I can't really leave London. Both our parents bought houses. By the time they were our age, they had owned a house for a long time, even though they probably earned less than us relatively. And that is sort of their pension. I don't know what we are going to do when we are that age.”
He said their current flat was too small for two people, never mind if they wanted a family. “Every year that goes by and we still haven't bought somewhere it seems more out of reach as house prices go up faster than we can save.”
Chillingworth added that the only friends who have managed to buy somewhere had a hand from wealthy parents. “We know a few people who have bought in London but they have been lucky enough to have a large contribution from their parents ... No one in our situation – even in good jobs – has a hope of getting on the housing ladder.”
At the Tory party conference this month David Cameron unveiled a new plan for developers to build affordable homes for sale rather then rent priced at £450,000 in London. Chillingworth said that was the final insult. “On what planet is that described as an affordable house? £450,000? It just rubs salt in the wounds.”
The drugs are known as "a chemical cosh" because they are an easy way to control patients, especially if they are elderly and become agitated. Prescribing the drug is often the first thing hospital staff do, when it should be the last, according to guidelines that state that a non-pharmacological approach should be tried first to treat anxiety, agitation and insomnia.
But while it's a quick and easy solution for hospital staff, it can be a fatal one for the patient, say researchers from the University of Eastern Finland. The drugs increase the risk of death by 40 per cent in the Alzheimer's patient, and the risk can come as a direct consequence of taking the drug, or indirectly from a fall because the patient loses physical control. Overall, the main causes of death are hip fractures after falling, pneumonia and stroke.
The researchers looked at earlier studies that had tracked the progress of 10,380 patients who had recently been put on a drug, and compared them to 20,760 other patients who weren't taking a benzodiazepine. The risk started from the very first day the drug was prescribed, the researchers found.
Aside from the bad practice of making the drugs the first act—instead of the last—the researchers also found that hospitals were prescribing the drugs for very long periods, when they should be given for only a few days at a time.
In 2012 Pixar Story Artist Emma Coats tweeted 22 storytelling tips using the hashtag #storybasics. The list circulated the internet for months gaining the popular title Pixar's 22 Rules of Storytelling. We reposted this list two weeks ago and the response has been phenomenal with thousands of likes, shares, comments and emails.
Since posting the story, a number of people have contacted us regarding rule number 4 on the list, also known as ‘The Story Spine':
Once upon a time there was ___. Every day, ___. One day ___. Because of that, ___. Because of that, ___. Until finally ___.
Reports were that this tip did not originate with Pixar but instead with writer/director/teacher Brian McDonald. Intrigued, we contacted Brian to find out more. He replied as follows:
I should clear up that the story spine (Once upon a time…) is not mine. I think many people first learned it from me because of my books, classes and lectures I have given over the past dozen years or so. It did not originate with Pixar either. I looked for the origin of these steps when I was writing my book, but never found it and I say so in the book. It has been used in impov as an exercise where is where I first learned it. I know a guy looking for the origin, but he's not having any luck either.**
Brian added that in the original story spine tweet a step was actually left out. The final step should be And ever since that day… As Brian says, the list ‘keeps getting copied with this missing step and it's an important step.'
Brian, an award-winning filmmaker in his own right, has taught his story structure seminar at Pixar, Disney Feature Animation and Lucasfilm's ILM. For readers wanting to know more about The Story Spine, the following article by Andy Goodman explores in further detail these 7 simple steps for building more engaging stories.
Building Stronger Stories With 7 Sentences
Andy Goodman free-range thinking This article was written byand originally published inin June 2010. Reproduced with permission.
Andrew Stanton knows a thing or two about telling stories. Having written screenplays for Toy Story, Finding Nemo, and WALL-E – movies that have grossed billions of dollars worldwide for Pixar Studios – he's earned the title Master Storyteller. So when Stanton says that he got stuck while writing a story and a certain book got him un-stuck, I want to read that book.
Which I did, and now I strongly recommend you read it, too. Because even if you're not in the screenplay-writing business, Invisible Ink: A Practical Guide to Building Stories that Resonate, can help you stop staring at that blank page and start writing.
Brian McDonald, the book's author, began studying stories by audio-taping The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Newhart and other classic sitcoms that he watched at home after school. McDonald transcribed and analyzed the dialogue to learn precisely what made these thirty-minute stories tick. At 21, he moved to Los Angeles to find work as a writer and director but ended up on the special effects crews of such forgettable horror films as Return of the Living Dead II and Night of the Creeps.
Like many before him, McDonald eventually struck out on his own, financing his first film, White Face, out of his own pocket. A mockumentary about racism (with white face clowns playing the role of Oppressed Minority), the 14-minute movie made up for its $1,000 budget with a great story and lots of laughs, and it captured the audience prize at the Slamdance Film Festival in 2001.
McDonald, 45, currently teaches screenwriting at the 911 Media Arts Center in Seattle, occasionally returning to California to lead workshops at Pixar Studios, Industrial Light & Magic and Disney Animation. He published Invisible Ink last year, and when we spoke recently, we talked at length about Chapter II, ‘Seven Easy Steps to a Better Story.' Before we began, McDonald insisted we be clear on one point. ‘I didn't make this up,' he told me, referring to the seven-step model. McDonald says he learned the steps from Matt Smith, an improvisational actor who learned them from Joe Guppy, another improv veteran.
Regardless of the original source, the seven sentences that follow can help you start writing a story and build it, scene by scene, to its climax and resolution. And it all begins with those familiar four words:
Once upon a time…
Whether you use these exact words or not, this opening reminds us that our first responsibility as storytellers is to introduce our characters and setting – i.e., to fix the story in time and space. Instinctively, your audience wants to know: Who is the story about? Where are they, and when is all this taking place? You don't have to provide every detail, but you must supply enough information, says McDonald, “so the audience has everything it needs to know to understand the story that is to follow.”
And every day…
With characters and setting established, you can begin to tell the audience what life is like in this world every day. In The Wizard of Oz, for example, the opening scenes establish that Dorothy feels ignored, unloved, and dreams of a better place “over the rainbow.” This is Dorothy's “world in balance,” and don't be confused by the term “balance.” It does not imply that all is well – only that this is how things are.
Until one day…
Something happens that throws the main character's world out of balance, forcing them to do something, change something, attain something that will either restore the old balance or establish a new equilibrium. In story structure, this moment is referred to as the inciting incident, and it's the pivotal event that launches the story. In The Wizard of Oz, the tornado provides the inciting incident by apparently transporting Dorothy far, far away from home.
And because of this…
Your main character (or “protagonist”) begins the pursuit of his or her goal. In structural terms, this is the beginning of Act II, the main body of the story. After being literally dropped into the Land of Oz, Dorothy desperately wants to return home, but she is told that the only person who can help her lives far away. So she must journey by foot to the Emerald City to meet a mysterious wizard. Along the way she will encounter several obstacles (apple-throwing trees, flying monkeys, etc.) but these only make the narrative more interesting.
And because of this…
Dorothy achieves her first objective – meeting the Wizard of Oz – but this is not the end of her story. Because of this meeting, she now has another objective: kill the Wicked Witch of the West and deliver her broomstick to the Wizard. “In shorter stories,” says McDonald, “you may have only one ‘because of this,' but you need at least one.”
Until finally…
We enter Act III and approach the story's moment of truth. Dorothy succeeds in her task and presents the Wizard with the deceased witch's broom, so now he must make good on his promise to help her return to Kansas. And this he does, but not quite in the way we initially expect.
And ever since that day…
Once we know what happened, the closing scenes tell us what the story means for the protagonist, for others in the narrative, and (not least of all) for those of us in the audience. When Dorothy awakens in her own bed and realizes she never actually left Kansas, she learns the lesson of the story: what we're looking for is often inside us all along.
The next time you get stuck while writing a story, try walking your narrative through these steps. Even if your characters aren't following a yellow brick road, the seven sentences above can probably help you get where you're going. And your little dog, too.
Brian McDonald blogs at Invisible Ink and can be followed on Twitter. He is the author of Invisible Ink, The Golden Theme and Ink Spots.
Andy Goodman is the co-founder of The Goodman Center and author of Storytelling as Best Practice.
Thanks to Brian and Andy for allowing us to share their work.
** UPDATE: via the comments below we have since learned that The Story Spine was created by Kenn Adams in 1991. Read Kenn's guest post Back to the Story Spine.
This year's Mat-Su Election Breakdown:
Wasilla
With three council seats up for grabs and no mayoral race and only one proposition to argue about, the Wasilla election was fairly quiet. Well, except for that one weird thing about the convicted felon. Read on, it'll make more sense.
City Council Seat A
This seat was left wide open after the unfortunate accidental death of Steve Lovell. Three new faces threw their hats in the ring.
Holly Herrick: Although I am sure she is dearly loved by close friends and family, there is not much to be found about her in the broader universe. Not only does Google insist she doesn't exist but it doesn't look like she bothered to launch any sort of public campaign.
David Wilson: Wilson was a hopeful for a seat several years ago, but pulled out to tend to family business. This time around he went for it. Although he admits he is the director of a local non-profit, he remains tight-lipped on where he works. Why? Who knows.
Glenda Ledford: Ledford is a little more well-known, having applied for the seat vacated by former councilman Steve Menard last year. She currently serves on the Wasilla Planning Commission and is a long time hairdresser.
Results: Wilson is leading the pack with 275 over hopefuls Herrick (180) and Ledford (233). With 178 absentee and early votes yet to be counted it could change but Wilson looks strong.
City Council Seat E
Seat E was an uncontested seat that came with big shoes to fill after city council member Dianne Woodruff reached her term limit.
Gretchen O'Barr: Lucky Gretchen! No one to run against, but she still campaigned with gusto. O'Barr describes herself as “very conservative” and “very Christian”. Sarah Palin would be proud.
Results: She won. Do you really need the numbers? Okay. 605.
City Council Seat F
The race that everyone has been watching with a mixture of fear and fascination.
Brandon Wall: The incumbent has served one term and is known for being conservative but reasonable. In fact, Wall has gone on record, questioning the consequences of transporting a million tons of coal through downtown Wasilla (should the local coal mine proposals go through). Imagine that! Sarah Palin would be pissed.
Vic Kohring: Say whaaaa? Is that the same guy who plead guilty, as a state legislator, to corruption charges after getting caught on camera accepting a bribe from Veco's Bill Allen? He couldn't possibly have the nerve to… Oh wait, I guess he did. I'd recognize that hair anywhere.
Results: Prepare yourself now. No, seriously. Find a belt and tie yourself down or something. The good news is, Kohring LOST. Phew! Wall clinched an easy victory with 570 votes. The bad news is Kohring actually got 265 votes! Who are these people? He can't possibly have that many close relatives in town can he? Do you think they voted for him for the entertainment factor? This brings up a lot of sociological questions that I now feel the need to look into.
Proposition W-1: Who wants to triple their sales tax to build a library? Wasilla, apparently. The proposition won 441 to 406.
Palmer
This year's Palmer election was a race for who can “out conservative” the other. One mayoral seat and two city council seats were up for grabs. For anyone hoping to see the light at the end of that long tea party tunnel, um, sorry.
City Mayor
DeLena Johnson: The incumbent. Although known for rubbing elbows with legislators and other high-ranking conservative mucky-mucks, DeLena surprised many by supporting the indoor smoking ban as well as bringing back a light rail train to Palmer. Then again, she is endorsed by Mead Treadwell so, there's that.
Linda Combs: Currently serving as a city council member, Linda belongs to a family with a very long history in the Mat-Su.
Results: Johnson is back for another round of mayoring with 344 votes to Combs' 289. 113 absentees and early votes left to count are probably not going to turn the tide. Whatever.
City Council
Two spots for four candidates. Aaaaaand GO!
Steve Carrington: Who is he? I don't know. He has lots-o-conservative friends and a desire to “get back on track,” whatever that means.
Edna Devries: Devries is a longtime Palmeranian with a long list of credentials, including a stint as mayor in the 80's. Edna loves to serve Jesus and we have like 34 mutual friends on facebook. Works for me I guess.
Elden Tritch: Tritch ran for city council in 2012. He is pro-resources, pro-Jesus, and pro-Constitution. Do you know how when you say a word over and over and over again it starts to lose all meaning? Yah, that.
Kathrine Vanover: Vanover once served on the city council in the 90's but other than that I couldn't dig anything up.
Results: Top two vote-getters – Devries (294) and Carrington (266) – won the spots with Vanover (199). Tritch (65) was pretty much left in the dust. Guess we know who loves Jesus the most now don't we?
Mat-Su Borough
This is the good stuff folks! With an Assembly hell bent on deregulating everything under the sun, the two seats up for grabs included one held by the only dissenting voice known lovingly in inner circles as Don Quixote. Three school board seats and two ballots issues also created enough radio ads and road signs to choke a horse, should a horse make the poor life decision to eat road signs.
Assembly District 1
Warren Keogh, our favorite assembly person, who loves to tilt at windmills, decided he needed a break from the constant head bashing. Two people stepped up to vie for the seat.
Jim Sykes: Tilter extraordinaire, Sykes has a long history in this state. He ran for governor once, as a “never gonna win” Green party candidate. But, whatever. You gotta love his moxie.
Doug Glenn: Local pilot and Usibelli Coal Mine contractor, Glenn is fresh and young and never tilted at a windmill in his whole life. He is itching to be part of the status quo to “get things done quicker”.
Results: Holy smokes this race is tight! Sykes has a very early lead by only 45 votes over Glenn with the numbers coming in at 996 to 951. This race is far too close to call with well over 300 absentees and early votes yet to be counted. I know a lot of people who will be on the edge of their seat over this one until all votes are reported.
Assembly District 2
This seat covers the main city of Palmer.
Noel Woods: Mr. Sleepy loved to shoot guns in his youth which is probably why the local gun range is named after him. When he is awake, he votes in whatever way the mayor wants him to. Oh, and he also thinks coal miners getting paid in shiny gold coins is pretty cool and hopes the new coal mine will do that too. Right, go back to sleep now.
Matthew Beck: Local animal hospital owner and glowing Catholic, Beck is new to politics but on the surface seems cut from the same conservative cloth. However, I might have to stop assuming “Child of God” is synonymous with “being mean to everyone who isn't” because I've heard through the grapevine he is actually pretty nice and reasonable.
Results: In another surprise upset, Beck leads the race with 835 to Woods' 712. Since absentee ballots generally swing the way of the general election odds are in Beck's favor.
School Board
Seat C: Susan Pougher 6674 uncontested votes. Cool.
Seat F: Donna Dearman (2435) beat out Stephen Jacobson (1921), incumbent Neil Lacy (2300), and Jim Tapley (1398).
Seat G: Conservative newbie Ray Michaelson (4457) beat out local bookstore owner and fan favorite David Cheezem (3731). I hear Ray is a good guy but I don't care yet. I am still too hurt about losing David from the school board. He is one of the best humans I have ever known.
Proposition B-1: “Do we want to raise taxes on alcohol?” No, we don't, said 6,231 residents. There are 3,548 people in the Mat-Su who were really hoping beer would cost like $15 a six-pack.
Proposition B-2: We say hell yes to roads to schools. Sure beats roads to resources. 5,600 to 3,987
Houston
City Council
Seat F: Paul Stout over incumbent and current mayor Rosemary Burnett, by 21 votes.
Seat E: Jim Johansen doubled Alma Hartley's vote tally.
Seat G: Incumbent Lee Himes fell, by a large margin, to Kathleen Barney.
My Thoughts
Okay, clearly this coverage reflects a personal bias. As a heavily entrenched community member I had my favorites picked out long ago. And I worked my butt off for some of them too. But despite being pleasantly surprised by some of the results (I am blue in Mat-Su, get it?), and even more surprised that Kohring got more than his own one vote, I can't help but be disappointed in the deplorable voter turnout. 15% of our population cared enough to spend 5 minutes in a voting booth? Tens of thousands of dollars (per candidate) are spent so that a hand full of our community can exercise their rights?
I am not going to end this election coverage with a lecture about the laziness of the general public, but I gotta say one thing…we have political fall out raining down around our ears nationally and locally all the time. I firmly believe that all – yes ALL – of the things we complain about the most could be solved if even a fraction more of our community gave a damn enough to pay attention. Maybe then we wouldn't have to choke horses with road signs.
If you loved horses, you would vote more.
Story highlights One of the victims is identified
A girl, 13, is out of surgery and stable; boy, 11, is in critical condition after surgery
Boy, 12, is in custody after pulling a shotgun from a bag and opening firing in gym
School staff member talks the boy into putting the shotgun down
A 12-year-old boy entered his middle school gym, pulled a shotgun out of a bag and opened fire on students waiting for school to start Tuesday, wounding two, authorities in Roswell, New Mexico, said.
A girl, 13, was in stable condition Tuesday night following surgery, authorities said. A boy, 11, was in critical condition after surgery.
The bloodshed rattled students and other citizens of Roswell, a city of just under 50,000 people 200 miles southeast of Albuquerque. Monique Salcido, a Berrendo Middle School student who saw two of her friends get shot, admitted she is "in shock."
"I don't want to go to Berrendo again because of what happened," she told CNN's Piers Morgan. "Because I'm afraid it's going to happen again."
The horror might have been much worse if not for one staff member. "(He) walked right up to him and asked him to put down the firearm," said New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez.
JUST WATCHED Students shot in N.M. school shooting Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Students shot in N.M. school shooting 01:45
At a vigil Tuesday evening at the Roswell Convention & Civic Center, Martinez cited the teacher by name, saying, "Mr. Masterson ... was a hero ...who stood there and allowed a gun to be pointed right at him. And to talk down that young boy to drop the gun so that there would be no more young kids hurt."
The Berrendo staff directory on the school district's website lists John Masterson as an eighth-grade social studies teacher.
Another school staff member suffered "very minor injuries" in the shooting and declined medical treatment so he could continue to care for the pupils in the gym, the governor said.
Authorities detained a seventh-grader who is "responsible for this," said State Police Chief Pete Kassetas.
Students identified
One of the two students shot was identified as Kendal Sanders, a 13-year-old girl, the governor said.
She suffered injuries to her right shoulder and was in stable condition after surgery, Martinez said.
The name of the second injured student was not released. He was injured more severely and was undergoing a second surgery Tuesday night, Martinez said. The student suffered injuries to the side of his face and neck, the governor said.
Searching for a motive
Investigators didn't yet have a motive for the shooting, Kassetas added.
Salcido, who knew the shooter, said he was being bullied.
She was among students gathered in the gym to stay out of the cold weather before classrooms opened, according to the governor.
Salcido said "he was right behind me," carrying what she described as a "case," as she entered the gym.
The middle-schooler said she and her friends were talking only to have their conversation interrupted by gunshots.
It all ended fairly quickly when Salcido said a Berrendo staffer ran "and told him to put the gun down."
"He had his hands up in the air," Salcido said of the shooter, adding that students were then put on lockdown for about two hours in their classrooms as some teachers tended to the wounded students.
A New Mexico state police lieutenant happened to be dropping off his child at the school when the principal saw him as she was locking the door during the shooting, Martinez said. She asked the lieutenant to assist, and he helped secure the scene, she said.
Said Chief Kassetas: "I commend the principal and the people that work at this school for saving many more lives."
State police planned to interview more than 100 students and faculty Tuesday. "We're going to be here for quite some time," the police chief told reporters Tuesday afternoon.
Investigators will examine "social media outlets and the forms of communication that students use," Kassetas said.
The state Department of Public Safety said in a news release that state and local police were called to the school at 8:11 a.m.
State Police public information officer Emmanuel Gutierrez said children were bused from the school after the threat had been "alleviated."
Classes at Berrendo were canceled for Wednesday, when counselors will be made available to the community, officials said.
"Today is the day that no superintendent wants to go through," Roswell Superintendent Tom Burris said. "This couldn't happen. It's unbelievable it could."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN JOSE, Calif. – The San Jose Earthquakes announced today that the club has acquired S.L. Benfica midfielder Yannick Djalo on loan for the 2014 season pending receipt of his P-1 Visa and international transfer certificate. Per league and team policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Djalo, 27, is a speedy winger with seven years of experience in Portugal's first division and one in France's Ligue 1. He has a goal to his credit in UEFA Champions League play and won multiple cups with Sporting Lisbon during his five full seasons there.
“We're excited to announce the signing of Yannick,” said Earthquakes head coach Mark Watson. “There was a lot of work and time spent scouting in the offseason, and we feel like we have a very good player in Yannick. He adds a versatile, attacking dimension to our team. He can operate as an attacking midfielder, but also has the pace to get behind defenders.”
Born in Guinea-Bissau, Djalo moved to Lisbon and began his career in Sporting Lisbon's renowned youth academy, working his way up to the first team for the start of the 2006-07 season. After making his Portuguese league debut on Sept. 16, 2006, Djalo went on to score 31 goals in 146 matches in all competitions for Sporting. He helped them win Portuguese Cups in 2006-07 and 2007-08 as well as Portuguese SuperCups in 2007 and 2008. During the 2008 SuperCup, Djalo scored both of Sporting's goals in a 2-0 win against FC Porto.
Djalo joins the Earthquakes with 20 games of UEFA Champions League under his belt. He made his first UCL appearance in group play against Inter Milan of Italy on Sept. 12, 2006 at the age of 20. In 2008-09, he scored the game-winner in Sporting's final group match against FC Basel to ensure passage to the Round of 16 where they were ousted by German giant Bayern Munich. In addition to UCL experience, Djalo also appeared in 17 Europa Cup matches for Sporting.
“I'm excited to bring in a player of Yannick's quality. His attacking flare and experience should be a welcome addition to the team,” said Earthquakes general manager John Doyle.
Djalo left Sporting in the middle of the 2011-12 season and signed with Benfica on January 31, 2012. He went on to play in five games for Benfica before a loan deal was reached sending him to Toulouse FC in France for the 2012-13 campaign. While in France, Djalo saw action in 20 games and scored in a Coupe de la Ligue match.
Internationally, Djalo has one cap for Portugal's national team. He also represented their youth squads at all levels, including three appearances at the 2007 U-21 European Championship.
Transaction: San Jose Earthquakes (MLS) – San Jose Earthquakes acquire M Yannick Djalo on loan from Benfica (Portugal).
Yannick Djalo
Position: Midfielder
Height: 5-6
Weight: 140 lbs.
Born: May 5, 1986 in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau
Hometown: Lisbon, Portugal
Last Club: Benfica
Citizenship: Portugal
Black Lightning Gallery, in conjunction with O Gallery, is pleased to announce the opening of "A Photographic Journey Of Guns N' Roses", a collection of unpublished, never-before-seen images by legendary rock 'n' roll photographer Gene Kirkland. The collection will be on display at O Gallery (6367 Selma Avenue) in Hollywood, California from September 16 to September 22.
This incredible exhibition represents the time period from their iconic 1988 "Sweet Child O' Mine" video shoot to the "Use Your Illusion" arena tour 1994, and includes formal portraits, spectacular stage shots, intimate backstage and on-the-road photos, all shot on film. Most of these images have never been published before.
The image is available for order at the gallery as fine art prints handsigned by Gene Kirkland himself as limited numbered editions. A portion of the proceeds will go to Ronnie James Dio Stand Up And Shout Cancer Fund.
Kirkland, who is recognized worldwide for photographing the biggest names in rock and metal throughout the '80s and '90s, has opened up his archives for the first time in history, unearthing a generous stash of shots that had remained hidden and locked away since those glory days — many spanning back nearly thirty years!
Says Gene: "I hope you enjoy looking back at these amazing memories as much as I enjoyed capturing them. These photographs hold very dear memories of a glorious time and I am proud to have them available to fans worldwide."
Starting September 23, the images will become available for worldwide purchase via Black Lightning Gallery via BlackLightningGallery.com. Each photo will be handsigned by Gene Kirkland as limited number editions. The web site has many fan bonuses, including exclusive looks at images of backstage passes from the shows, personal memories from Gene Kirkland and many more.
For the Day look:
1. To use, start by applying the first cream matte shade back and forward across the eyes using your Blender brush.
2. Next, using the second taupe oyster shade, sweep across your eyelid & for an extra wash of colour, use the Smudger Brush, applying directly on the centre of your eyelids.
3. Still with the Smudger Brush, dip it into the chocolate Smoke shade and sweep it across your upper lash line, slightly blending upwards and outwards.
4. Finish off the look by applying Legendary Lashes Volume 2, Hollywood Lips matte liquid lipstick in Rising Star, and a sweep of Cheek to Chic blusher in First Love.
For the Desk look:
1. Starting with the first shade in the Desk trio, sweep the pink champagne shade all over the eyelid with the Blender Brush.
2. Use the Blender Brush with the second caramel peach hue, nestling it into the eye socket then blending backwards and forwards. Then use the Smudger Brush to bring it along the lower lash line and in the outer corner of your eyes.
3. Lightly define your eyes with The Classic eyeliner in Sophia, drawing along your upper lash line then extending out for a subtle flick. Then sweep the third chocolate peach shade along the upper & lower lash line for gorgeous definition.
4. Finish the look with Legendary Lashes Volume 2, create a fuller looking pout with Lip Cheat lip liner in Pillow Talk & K.I.S.S.I.N.G lipstick in Penelope Pink for chic sophistication. Then sweep on Cheek to Chic blusher in First Love for a perfect desk makeup look.
For the Date look:
1. Start by dipping the Blender Brush into the first shade of the Date trio, the gorgeous rose-gold hue, and sweep all across your eyelid. Use your Smudger Brush to get in the inner corner of your eye for a dreamy look.
2. Use the Blender Brush with the second dark pearl shade and blend into the outer corner and socket of your eyes.
3. Then dip your Smudger Brush into the dark cocoa chocolate shade and sweep along the upper & lower lash line for added intensity.
4. Create a subtle feline flick with Rock ‘n' Kohl eyeliner in Barbarella Brown, and use the Rock ‘n' Kohl eyeliner in Eye Cheat on the inner waterline to open up your eyes. Then apply Legendary Lashes Volume 2 for a dramatic, wide-eyed gaze. Finish the look with Lip Cheat lip liner in Pillow Talk, Matte Revolution lipstick in Pillow Talk and Lip Lustre lip gloss in Portobello Girl.
For the Disco look:
1. Use your Blender Brush in the shimmering gold first shade of the Disco trio, and sweep all over the eyelid.
2. Blend the molten gold khaki shade into the socket and across the eye using the Blender Brush, then take your Smudger Brush and drag along the upper & lower lash line. Still using your Smudger Brush, apply the shimmering gold into the inner corners of your eyes.
3. Use the Smudger Brush with the matte black shade to add intensity to your eye makeup, creating a slight wing with your eyeshadow, and sweeping along the lower lash line, making sure to blend well.
4. Create a seductive feline flick with the Rock ‘n' Kohl eyeliner in Bedroom Black & apply in the lower waterline for a super intense gaze. Then finish off your eye makeup with Legendary Lashes Volume 2.
5. Use the Lip Cheat lip liner in Iconic Nude to cheat a fuller pout, and use the Hollywood Lips matte liquid lipstick in Charlotte Darling for a gorgeous beige nude pout. Finish off your look with a sweep of Cheek to Chic blusher in First Love.
The Ocean City Police Department closed down a portion of the Eastern Shore beach after a man accidentally shot himself in the leg early Friday morning.
Around 12:30 a.m., officers responded to the 75th Street Medical Center where a man was seeking treatment for a gunshot wound to his leg.
Detectives learned the man was carrying an unlicensed handgun without a permit when he accidentally shot himself in the leg in the area of 83rd Street by the beach.
For the safety of residents and visitors, officers searched 81st-85th Streets to ensure that the weapon was not on the beach. Officers did not locate a weapon and determined that the beach was safe for the public.
Officers reopened the beach at 2:30 p.m.
The man suffered non-life threatening injuries and charges are pending.
Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to contact the OCPD Crime Tip Hotline at 410-520-5136.
Follow @CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
Prime minister poised to approve £18bn project but is expected to seek a better deal with China on future electricity prices
Theresa May is expected to confirm on Thursday that she will give the go-ahead for the Hinkley Point C nuclear power plant, but will seek to impose new conditions on its French and Chinese backers.
The prime minister announced a review of the contract to build the Somerset reactor in July, amid concerns about the costs and the potential security impact of Chinese involvement.
May and Greg Clark, the business, energy and industrial strategy secretary, are thought to be hoping to persuade the contractors involved – the French utility company EDF and the Chinese state-backed firm CGN – to renegotiate the contract that specifies a generous minimum price for the electricity the project will generate.
The National Audit Office warned in July that Hinkley Point C could cost energy consumers £30bn in top-up payments because of falling wholesale electricity prices.
Under the terms of the subsidy scheme, the British consumer would compensate EDF for lower wholesale electricity prices over Hinley's 35-year lifetime, an arrangement that has appeared increasingly poor value as energy costs have plummeted with the declining oil price.
George Osborne, who was sacked as chancellor by May in one of her first acts as prime minister, had been determined to press ahead with Hinkley as part of his attempt to create a “golden decade” of relations with Beijing.
But May's joint chief of staff, Nick Timothy, had previously expressed doubts about the security implications of allowing China to be involved in such a key piece of national infrastructure and Clark is said by Whitehall insiders to have raised concerns about whether the deal represented value for money.
Downing Street sources insisted on Wednesday that no formal decision had been made, but May's spokesperson has said an announcement would come in September. Thursday is the last possible day for a statement to parliament before the House of Commons goes into recess so that MPs can attend the autumn party conferences.
Since the summer, No 10 has sought assurances about the security risks of Hinkley and examined the idea of separating the project from a second reactor at Bradwell, in Essex, which the Chinese hope to build independently.
Clark told the House of Commons on Tuesday: “We are looking at all components of the deal and will make our decision before the end of the month,” adding that the government saw “new nuclear” as “an important part of a diverse energy mix that gives resilience to UK consumers”.
Hinkley would be the first new nuclear reactor built in Britain in two decades.
The shadow energy secretary, Barry Gardiner, said he would welcome a decision to give Hinkley the go-ahead, saying: “If the secretary of state has now managed to reduce the cost to British bill payers, in line with my suggestions, I promise not to gloat. I will simply say well done for sticking up for the consumer.
“But in return, the government must stop the dithering. Their delay has put at risk £18bn of investment and jeopardised 25,000 skilled jobs in the nuclear industry, which are essential for the UK's balanced energy portfolio.”
However, environmentalists are likely to condemn the decision. The Green party co-leader Caroline Lucas said: “Instead of investing in this eye-wateringly expensive white elephant, the government should be doing all it can to support offshore wind, energy efficiency and innovative new technologies such as energy storage.”
May has come under pressure from the Chinese government to approve the project, with Beijing's ambassador to London warning that it could affect diplomatic relations between the two countries.
Beijing was incensed by suggestions that UK ministers were unhappy about the national security implications of giving a Chinese company access to Britain's national energy infrastructure.
In a prominent opinion piece published in the state-run China Daily newspaper before May's arrival for the G20 summit, China's ambassador to London urged her to make “wise strategic choices” over Britain's future relationship with Beijing.
Senior military and intelligence figures had warned that plans to give China a big stake in Britain's nuclear power industry posed a threat to national security. Critics have said the US would never allow China to work inside its national infrastructure, giving it the opportunity to sabotage energy supplies.
The proposed scheme in Somerset to build two reactors capable of providing 7% of Britain's total electricity needs has been hit by continual delays due to concerns inside EDF about the financial burden to the already heavily indebted energy company. The nominal cost of construction is £18bn, according to EDF.
Beijing only agreed to fund 30% of the project on condition it would be allowed to showcase its nuclear prowess by building a Chinese-designed reactor at Bradwell in Essex. Beijing was therefore incensed by suggestions May might approve Hinkley but reserve judgment on Bradwell.
The Chinese were brought on board as part of Osborne's effort to forge closer ties with Beijing but also because of doubts about EDF's ability to carry out the project.
Hinkley is scheduled for completion by 2025, but many regards that timetable as unrealistic because reactors of the same design being built by EDF in Finland and France are running years behind schedule.
TRENTON — With New Jersey's 73 red light cameras set to go dark in just two weeks, the mayor of the cash-strapped city of Newark and a group of lawmakers who represent it are planning a fight to resurrect them.
State Assemblyman Ralph Caputo and Assemblywoman Grace Spencer (both D-Essex) said they and other lawmakers plan to meet with Newark Mayor Ras Baraka on Friday to discuss the cameras, which provide millions in revenue to Newark, and will soon introduce a bill to renew it.
“The plan is to introduce a bill that would basically give municipalities an option of reinstating the red light camera program in their municipalities,” Spencer said. “It's nothing mandatory. It would be totally permissive.”
Newark, which faces a major budget crunch, has 19 of the state's 73 red light cameras — by far the most of any New Jersey municipality.
“I believe the (Baraka) administration there is interested in seeing it reactivated,” Caputo said. “At this point, unless I hear something that very drastically changes my mind, I would be very supportive, because it's important in the city.”
A spokesman for Baraka said that the mayor would hold a press conference on the issue on Friday.
New Jersey's red light cameras operate under a five-year-old pilot program that expires on Dec. 16. Spencer said her bill to renew it would not have an expiration date.
The state Department of Transportation has in annual reports said the program led to fewer collisions. But its findings have been challenged by critics like Assemblyman Declan O'Scanlon (R-Monmouth) — who pointed to what he said were faults in the methodology.
Critics have also bashed the cameras over short yellow light timing and the fact that a computer glitch forced towns to throw out 17,000 fines issued from the cameras because drivers never received the tickets in the mail.
Assemblyman John Wisniewski (D-Middlesex), who sponsored the original red light camera program, said while it's theoretically possible to continue it without interruption, it's not going to happen.
“You could have both houses vote for the extension and get it on the governor's desk and he does a backflip and signs it,” Wisniewski said, adding that he hasn't decided whether to co-sponsor the legislation. “Is it in theory possible? Yes. Is it practically going to happen? No.”
Nevertheless, red light camera companies have continued an intense public advertising and lobbying effort to save the cameras.
Charles Territo, a spokesman for American Traffic Solutions — one of two companies that operates the cameras in New Jersey — said that the New Jersey Department of Transportation is still due to issue two reports on red light camera safety.
“We expect those reports to be as, if not more, compelling than the previous years' reports,” Territo said. “And the hope is that with those reports comes a recommendation that the program be continued based on the overwhelming evidence that the cameras have enhanced safety in New Jersey.”
The most recent report, released in March, found the 22 intersections that had active red light cameras for two full years as of Dec. 2012 saw a 27 percent reduction in accidents.
O'Scanlon, however, said Department of Transportation studies were flawed because control intersections without the cameras also had reductions in accidents. Red light camera supporters said this is because of a “halo effect” in which the cameras have caused drivers to be more safe everywhere.
O'Scanlon — who has his own competing bill that would bar the state from allowing red light cameras in the future (A1132) — said he's not surprised that the impetus to re-start the program is coming out of Newark.
“There are a lot of cameras stealing a lot of money from a lot of people passing through Newark,” O'Scanlon said. “It's a disaster if you look at the facts. If you're only interested in figuring out a way to continue to steal from people, then OK, your motivation is something other than in the best interests of the public.”
O'Scanlon said that even if the Department of Transportation studies are taken at their word for safety improvements, drivers are spending far more on tickets than they're saving by avoiding accidents.
“The cost to motorists is a huge net negative if you factor in the costs of the fines. It is a horrific deal for motorists. And there is no safety benefit,” he said.
Spencer acknowledged that revenue is a factor in seeking to renew the program, but said safety is the first priority.
“It actually has been successful in Newark. It has been successful in a reduction in rear-end accidents and right-turn accidents,” she said, adding that the people who have received tickets “overwhelmingly don't live in the city.”
Spencer didn't know exactly how much revenue it generated for the city, but estimated it at $5 million to $10 million. That's a small part of the city's $800 million budget, but it's significant considering the city is facing a major financial crunch.
Cameras, Spencer said, allow the city to allocate police resources that might be put towards traffic enforcement to places they're more needed.
“I understand the objections that Assemblyman O'Scanlon has raised. In smaller towns, it may be received differently,” Spencer said. “But in a large city like Newark that often has a set of officers dedicated to traffic enforcement during high traffic times in the city, this helps us not put those officers there. It allows us to put officers in areas of the city that need more policing.”
It's not clear whether the Newark delegation stands a good chance of renewing the program. Gov. Chris Christie in August said he was leaning against it.
Matt Friedman may be reached at mfriedman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattFriedmanSL. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Posted 06 September 2014 - 07:09 AM
How many programmers/art team/assets have be redeployed to new game?Have you really just hired >40 people for the new game leaving MWO untouched? (you said as much by saying the new game is bigger effort but that nothing has been taken from MWO)Are these two games connected in any way?How much of your time is being spent on new game vs MWO? How much of Russ? Niko? Karl?Why do you have Niko create a thread and then just delete it? Is it true it was created as a honeypot to allow massive bans to weed out the "unwanted" prior to this being the one planned all along?Why isn't PGI focused on "making the damn stompy robot game ever" for the next 10 years instead of apparently bailing on MWO?Can you provide timeline for CW2 and CW3?Can you provide timeline for 2015 developments? What's next for MWO?How many people do you expect to be deployed on MWO in 2015? Up or down from 2014? 2013?When Russ said PGI was hiring and implied it was for MWO, was it really for this new game?If you are redeploying senior members of MWO to new game, can you explain how that won't affect your ability to finally deliver some form of CW?
Edited by Chemie, 07 September 2014 - 04:44 AM.
WASHINGTON -- An internal memo sent around the Wisconsin Department of Transportation went public this week, sparking controversy over its instructions that employees should not tell state residents they can receive free photo identification for voting unless they ask.
The memo in question, sent out by former Republican state Senate aide Steve Krieser, the executive assistant of the Department of Transportation, is causing backlash across the state because of legislation signed in May by Republican Gov. Scott Walker requiring voters to show valid photo ID when going to the polls.
Obtaining a state-issued photo ID for the purpose of voting is actually free of charge. But the catch is that voters have to be in the know: If they don't specifically ask for the free ID, they'll get charged $28. Krieser told The Huffington Post he has no plans to adjust the policy.
The Capital Times obtained the internal memo circulated on July 1 by Krieser, in which he instructs them not to tell residents about the free IDs: "While you should certainly help customers who come in asking for a free ID to check the appropriate box, you should refrain from offering the free version to customers who do not ask for it," the memo says.
Krieser argued that there are temporary signs posted at all of the Department of Motor Vehicle stations in the state to inform people they must check the box to request a free ID. He said there are plans to place permanent signs, but that he had no timeline for it.
The Democratic Party of Wisconsin has already pounced on the controversy, sending out an email to supporters questioning whether they should take Krieser at his word that there are actually signs on display.
Even Rep. Evan Wynn (R-Whitewater), who voted for the voter ID law, told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that he found the internal memo troubling.
The progressive group One Wisconsin Now has also filed an open records request for all communication between Krieser and other officials regarding the voter ID law and its implementation.
"It's just absolutely ridiculous that the law would provide free IDs for voting and they would specifically say 'let's not tell them it's free,'" said Scot Ross, executive director of One Wisconsin Now.
But Michael Pyritz, a current Republican state Senate aide who worked on the voter ID law, told the Capital Times the law was never intended to give away large numbers of free IDs.
Krieser argued that his role is apolitical -- that he is implementing the policy without passing judgment on whether it's "good policy, bad policy or otherwise." He said at the time he wrote it, there were no political motivations, it was just how he thought the new law should be enacted.
"Back then, as in now, I hadn't had conversations with the governor's office or the Republican Party or any other functionary or person other than DMV management about how we should approach it," Krieser said. "It was really based on our reading of the statutes."
But Krieser did have a role in voter ID legislation as a top aide to a GOP state senator who was working on the issue. He previously served as the chief of staff to former state Sen. Tom Reynolds (R), as well as for other Republicans.
Reynolds also served as the chairman of the Senate Committee on Labor and Election Process Reform in 2005 and 2006. The committee was pushing a voter ID law similar to the one that Walker recently signed into law.
Krieser confirmed to HuffPost that he did in fact work for Reynolds on the issue, although he dismissed the suggestion that his work had any influence in the controversial memo he sent to DOT employees.
Since July 1, when the voter ID law went into effect, 59 percent of roughly 18,300 new IDs issued and renewed in Wisconsin have been free of charge, according to data provided by the Wisconsin DOT.
While there is no data on how many people wanted IDs for the purpose of voting, issuing more than 10,000 IDs free of charge means the state did not collect around $302,000 that it otherwise would have.
Krieser acknowledged it's a substantial budgetary impact, but said that it comes from the state transportation fund and has no affect on his operating budget.
"It's a public policy decision that the legislature has made to essentially forgo revenue on these things and therefore reduce the take to the transportation budget," Krieser said. "So that's on them; we really don't have a position on it."
In July, Walker also came under criticism for proposing to close several DMV offices, a move Democrats argued would have violated the law requiring that places issuing licenses need to be open for at least 20 hours a week in each county. Walker eventually backed off and announced he would leave the stations open.
In rural and northern Wisconsin, few stations are open more than two days a week and none are open on weekends. So to obtain an ID, Ross said, people would need to take time off work or time out of their schedule to get to a DMV before they are allowed to vote.
Twenty-six percent of the 91 Wisconsin DMV stations are open one day a month or less, according to One Wisconsin Now. Therefore, argued Ross, making people pay $28 on top of the cost of actually getting to a DMV could be burdensome for many Wisconsin residents. He likened it to a "poll tax" of the sort that were in place in the South during the Jim Crow era to prevent minorities from voting.
"There is cost no matter what, whether they give these IDs out for free or not," he said. "There is a cost that you would not normally have to bear in order to be an eligible voter."
The Wisconsin Government Accountability Board has created a Speakers Bureau to spread the word about how voters can obtain the necessary identification, an effort funded by the photo ID legislation.
The recent recall elections in Wisconsin saw a large turnout, but voters weren't yet required to present an ID. They will not need to do so until 2012.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An online troll ended up in the dock after posting comments ‘grossly offensive' to Muslims on a police website.
Dad-of-seven Stephen Bennett, 39, made inflammatory remarks on Greater Manchester Police's Facebook page, in response to an appeal for information in a sex case with an Asian suspect.
One comment he made concerned Asian women, another was likely to be offensive to Muslims.
Bennett, of Wythenshawe, also wrote: “Don't come over to this country and treat it like your own. Britain first.”
He made the comments despite his mother-in-law and sister-in-law being Muslims, his lawyer told the court.
The response sparked outrage from Facebook users who feared his remarks would set people against each other.
When Bennett was arrested by officers in an 8am house call, he said: “Is this about that Muslim thing on Facebook? I'm getting locked up for sticking up for my own country.”
Bennett later admitted an offence under the Malicious Communications Act.
His Manchester Crown Court sentencing hearing was told that he was a dad-of-seven who was finding it ‘difficult to cope' at the time because of the loss of his job, but was now back in work as a cleaner.
His lawyer added that his mother-in-law and sister-in-law were Muslims, and that he was not racist.
But web users who read his posts felt his remarks would fuel tensions.
One Muslim witness told police he was concerned the ‘irresponsible' comments would ‘incite hatred' and be a ‘potential tool for radicalisation'.
Another Muslim personally offended by the remarks challenged Bennett online, telling him ‘act your age'.
People in the wider community were also offended, prosecutor Gavin Howie told court, with one female Facebook user describing his remarks as ‘offensive to all women'.
Mr Bennett's lawyer, Andrew Higginson, said his actions were ‘difficult to explain', adding: “There's more to him than what one sees on Facebook.
"It's a sad indictment of the state of our social and political discourse that whilst one is shocked, one is not particularly surprised comments like this are posted.
“It's increasingly common for comments posted on social media to be featured in criminal cases. These platforms provide an amount of anonymity. People can say things they wouldn't dream of saying face to face.
“His mother-in-law and sister-in-law are Muslims, he gets on with them very well. He has insisted he does not have racist sympathies, he struggles to explain it.
“It may be that the more people are exposed to offensive opinions, the more they are normalised to people who then feel it's acceptable for them to post them.”
Sentencing, Recorder Andrew Long told Bennett he found it ‘impossible to believe' he would have posted the ‘grossly offensive' comments unless he was ‘at least a sympathiser' with those who expressed such views.
The judge said ‘running the risk of stirring up racial hatred in the present climate', was ‘very serious' describing it as ‘conduct capable of playing into the hands of the enemies of this country'.
Sentencing him to a 12-month community order, with 180 hours' unpaid work, the judge added: “Your remarks damaged the community in which you live, and it's the community that you must repay.”
OTTAWA—A Toronto lawyer who was recently appointed a Superior Court judge donated more than $1,800 to the governing federal Liberal party in the months before he was named to the bench, a string of giving that included the purchase of a ticket to fundraising dinner. Between March 2016 and March 2017, Andrew Sanfilippo gave $1,878.87 to the Liberal party. The founding partner at the downtown law firm O'Donnell, Robertson & Sanfilippo became a judge in late June and the government announced his appointment July 18.
Toronto lawyer Andrew Sanfilippo was recently appointed as a Superior Court judge. Between March 2016 and March 2017 he donated more than $1,800 to the federal Liberal party. ( LinkedIn )
According to online records from Elections Canada that go back to 2006, Sanfilippo's first political contribution was $478.87 on March 31, 2016. He acknowledged in a statement through a Superior Court spokesperson that this was for a Liberal fundraising dinner — the same price as tickets for a dinner with Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould that was hosted by the Torys LLP law firm on April 7, 2016. The fundraiser drew controversy at the time, with Conservative MPs decrying how the minister was soliciting partisan money from stakeholders in her portfolio. Ottawa's ethics commissioner Mary Dawson highlighted the event in her 2016 annual report and determined that while it raised “questions about the appropriateness of the way the fundraisers were organized,” it did not break Parliament's ethics rules. It is not unusual for judicial appointees to have made political donations, nor does it break any rules.
Article Continued Below
In his statement through the court spokesperson, Sanfilippo stated that he did not actually attend the fundraising dinner, and that he bought the ticket after being solicited by a legal colleague. “He has never met, spoken to, or communicated with Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould and believes that he has never attended any Liberal fundraising event,” the statement said. Sanfilippo went on to donate $299 to the party on Dec. 5, 2016 and then $701 on Dec. 30 — meaning he gave the party $1,478.87 in 2016. He also gave $400 in March of this year. Individuals cannot donate more than $1,550 to a political party each year, according to federal law. David Taylor, a spokesperson for Wilson-Raybould, said in an emailed statement that Sanfilippo was appointed on the recommendation of the government's judicial advisory committee in the Greater Toronto Area, as well as after consulting the Chief Justices of Ontario and the Ontario Superior Court.
“At no point during the judicial appointment process was Justice Sanfilippo's political donation history considered,” Taylor wrote. “His merit was assessed based on the strength of his judicial application, the totality of his career and expertise.” Judges are technically appointed by the governor general, who acts on the advice of cabinet and the justice minister, according to the department's website. The government overhauled its judicial appointment process last October, explaining at the time that they would make the regional committees that consider applications for appointments more diverse and independent.
Article Continued Below
Using the Elections Canada online database of contributions, the Star found that 13 people with names and locations matching those of new judges appointed this year by Ottawa have donated money to political parties since 2006. Of these, two involved contributions to the Conservatives, and the rest were to the Liberal party. The government has appointed 58 judges this year. Richard Devlin, a professor of law at Dalhousie University and co-author of the recent book Regulating Judges, said that the government should consider a “cooling-off period” so that people applying for political appointments would have to refrain from making partisan donations for a certain period before they can be selected. “You don't want to say people can't be politically active, but there is certainly the optics (problem) of large cash donations prior to one's appointment,” he said. Rocco Galati, a Toronto lawyer who led the 2013 challenge that rejected one of Stephen Harper's Supreme Court appointments, said he believes politics has been part of the judicial appointment process for years. He pointed to an example unearthed by the left-leaning Broadbent Institute in 2015 that raised concerns about judicial appointments by then-justice minister Peter MacKay for people with whom he had partisan or personal ties. “The whole system should be raising your eyebrows right to the back of your head,” Galati said. Malcolm Mercer, an adjunct professor who teaches judicial ethics at Osgoode Hall law school, said he doubts public confidence is affected by the few lawyers who make donations and are appointed as judges. “We should be encouraging participation in our democratic process rather than seeing political involvement as a bad thing,” he said. “It is more important to focus on appointing talented judges with diverse perspectives.” The Liberal party's cash-for-access fundraising practices came under intense scrutiny last year, when opposition critics assailed the government for its practice of holding private events where Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and members of his cabinet would meet donors who paid sometimes hundreds of dollars to attend. In April, the Liberal party started publicly announcing these events in advance and has also started posting guest lists online. Party spokesperson Braeden Caley said in an emailed statement that the other major parties in Ottawa haven't followed suit.
(Editor's Note : This article has been modified to diminish the use of the word midget, out of respect for the complaints made to us by #6 on our list, Danny Woodburn)
The criteria for this list was fairly simple, to be listed you just needed to be currently living, and have an adult height of less than 4'10” (the accepted criteria for Dwarfism). Much of the text in this article is thanks to Wikipedia. We don't exactly have the resources to scout little people, so we had to rely on other sources for the details.
10. Bridget “The Midget” Powers
Bridget Powers is the pseudonym of an American erotic film actress with dwarfism. She is often credited as “Bridget the Midget” or with the alternate spelling “Bridget Powerz”. Her real name is Cheryl Marie Murphy and she is 3′ 9″. By her own count, she appeared in 65 to 70 original adult films, with compilations bringing that up to over 110. In addition to her erotic film roles, she has appeared in mainstream films such as 8mm, S.W.A.T., Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, and independent films such as “Almost Amateur”, Tiptoes, and “Lynsey does Jody 2 – Extreme Edition”. In 2006, she appeared on an episode of VH1's celebrity reality show, The Surreal Life.
Its All About Bridget “the Midget” – TV Pilot Teaser:
9. Jason “Wee-Man” Acuña
Jason Bryant Acuña, better known as “Wee-Man”, is an American TV host and actor. He is one of the stars of Jackass on MTV and the host of NESN's skateboarding show 54321. Acuña has achondroplasia, a form of dwarfism and is 4 ft 0.5 in tall. He is also a professional skateboarder. In 2007, Acuña starred in the reality TV series Armed and Famous and in July 2007, Acuña appeared on TV as a host of MTV's Scarred Live. Acuña appeared on the first season of NBC's Celebrity Circus.
Jackass – Wee Man skating as an Oompa Loompa:
8. Deep Roy
Gurdeep Roy sometimes credited as Roy Deep, Gordeep Roy, or just Deep Roy, is an actor, stuntman and puppeteer. Roy is a 4 ft 4 in tall dwarf. He has played apes in two movies: Greystoke – The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes and again in the 2001 remake of Planet of the Apes. His most notable role is playing the Oompa-Loompas in Tim Burton's 2005 adaptation of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Deep had extensive training for the role in dance, yoga, and even some minor instrument playing. He is noted for his frequent collaborations with Tim Burton, appearing in Planet of the Apes, Big Fish, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Corpse Bride.He is also in The Chornicals of Narnia, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe'.
August Gloop Oompa Loompa Song:
7. Matt Roloff
Matthew “Matt” Roloff is a 47-year-old husband, father, and star of Little People, Big World. Little People, Big World is a reality television series produced in the United States that airs on TLC. The series follows the six-member Roloff family living near Portland, Oregon. Many of the show episodes focus on the parents, Matt and Amy, and one of their sons, Zach, who all have dwarfism. Matt's type of dwarfism, diastrophic dysplasia, resulted in numerous childhood surgeries. He walks with the aid of crutches and uses a motorized cart when needed.
Visit the Roloff Farm:
6. Danny Woodburn
Danny Woodburn is an American film, television and stage actor best known for having played Mickey Abbott on the hit sitcom Seinfeld. Born in Philadelphia, with more than 100 TV appearances, Danny has had recurring roles on shows such as Tracey Takes On, Conan the Adventurer, on which he played the role of Otli, a sidekick of Conan's, as they fight the evil Hissah Zul, Baywatch, Special Unit 2, Charmed, Bones, and the hit DirecTV soap opera Passions. He has also appeared in the films Jingle All the Way, Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her, The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas and Death to Smoochy.
The Seinfeld folks are fairly protective of video on Youtube, but this will do:
5. Kenny Baker
Kenneth “Kenny” Baker is a British dwarf actor and occasional musician, known as the man inside R2-D2 in the popular Star Wars film series. Baker, who stands 3 ft 8 in tall, was a circus and cabaret performer with entertainer Jack Purvis when George Lucas hired him to be the man inside R2-D2 in Star Wars in 1977. Baker appears in all six of the episodic theatrical Star Wars films. Baker's other films include The Elephant Man, Time Bandits (also with Purvis), Amadeus and Jim Henson's Labyrinth.
Toad interviews Kenny Baker:
4. Peter Dinklage
Peter Dinklage is A 4'5″ American actor, born with achondroplasia, causing dwarfism. His breakout role is generally deemed to be the 2003 film The Station Agent. Although it was a small independent film, it was widely praised by critics and Dinklage's performance gained some note. In Elf, Dinklage played a pretentious children's author who beats up Will Ferrell's character after he is unintentionally insulted. He has made television appearances on Threshold, The Baxter, Find Me Guilty, Nip/Tuck, Entourage, and 30 Rock. Dinklage was chosen by director Andrew Adamson for the role of Trumpkin in the 2008 film The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, and he is considered the perfect choice to play the evil Dr. Psycho in a possible Wonder Woman film.
Elf the Movie: The Angry Elf:
3. Tony Cox
Joseph Anthony “Tony” Cox is an American dwarf actor known for his comedic performances in Bad Santa, Me, Myself and Irene, Date Movie and Disaster Movie. He is also known for his work in George Lucas's “Willow” and as an Ewok in Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi. He is perhaps, best known for his roles in Date Movie where he played “Dr. Hitch” and in Bad Santa where he played Marcus, the brains of a safe cracking team.
Bad Santa – Drunk at work (NSFW):
2. Verne Troyer
Verne J. Troyer is an American actor and stunt performer. Verne is notable for his height of 2 ft 8 in, the result of dwarfism making him one of the shortest men in the world. Troyer is best known for his role as “Mini-Me” in the hit comedy Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me (1999) and Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002). He has also had roles in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, and “The Love Guru”. In 2005, Troyer appeared in the fourth season of The Surreal Life. Memorable moments included Troyer getting drunk on the first day of the show, riding his mobility scooter in the nude and urinating on the floor in the corner of the room.
Dr. Evil and Mini Me – Just the two of us:
Dr. Evil and Mini Me – Hard Knock Life:
1. Warwick Davis
Warwick Ashley Davis is a British actor. He is noted for his dwarfism, standing at 3 ft 6 in tall. Davis is probably best known as the title characters in Willow and the Leprechaun series of films; other prominent roles include Wicket W. Warrick in Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi, Professor Filius Flitwick in the Harry Potter movies, Marvin the Paranoid Android in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, and Reepicheep in the BBC television versions of Prince Caspian, Voyage of the Dawn Treader and as Mr Glimfeather the owl in The Silver Chair. He is also featured in another Narnia-related film production: the 2008 film adaptation of The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, as the dwarf Nikabrik and Oberon in the biopic Ray.
Willow Trailer:
President Donald Trump is “studying and considering his options” for a new approach to Afghanistan and the broader South Asia region, the White House said Friday after the president huddled with his top national security aides at Camp David.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders issued a brief statement saying Trump had been briefed extensively on a new strategy to “protect America's interests” in the region. She did not specifically mention Afghanistan.
“The president is studying and considering his options and will make an announcement to the American people, to our allies and partners, and to the world at the appropriate time,” she said.
The administration has struggled for months to formulate a new approach to the war. But stepping up the fight in a way that advances peace prospects may be even more difficult, in part because the Taliban has been gaining ground and shown no interest in peace negotiations.
Read more
Labour lawmaker Jo Cox was was killed by neo-Nazi sympathiser Thomas Mair in June 2016, in Britain's first political assassination since 1990 (AFP Photo/Daniel LEAL-OLIVAS)
London (AFP) - A pro-EU British lawmaker was killed in a shock daylight street attack on Thursday, halting campaigning for the referendum on Britain's membership in the bloc just a week before the crucial vote.
Jo Cox, a 41-year-old mother-of-two from the opposition Labour Party, was shot in the face while lying on the ground by a lone attacker in the village of Birstall in northern England, according to witnesses quoted by local media.
Cafe owner Clarke Rothwell told the Press Association the gunman was shouting "put Britain first".
"He shouted it about two or three times. He said it before he shot her and after he shot her," he said.
Cox, who was also reportedly stabbed, is the first British MP to be killed in office since Ian Gow was killed by a car bomb planted by the Irish Republican Army in 1990.
"He shot this lady once and then he shot her again... leant over shot her once more in the face area," Rothwell told the BBC, referring to the attacker.
Police said a 52-year-old man had been arrested and a firearm had been recovered from the scene.
Cox, a former aid worker, was only elected to parliament last year but had already made her name campaigning for the government to do more to help Syrian refugees and for Britain to stay in the EU.
- 'Great, campaigning MP' -
The attacker was named by British media as local man Tommy Mair, with neighbours quoted as saying he was a "loner" who kept to himself.
His brother, Scott Mair, told newspaper the Daily Telegraph that Tommy had suffered from mental illness but received treatment.
"I am struggling to believe what has happened. My brother is not violent and is not all that political," Scott Mair said. "He has a history of mental illness, but he has had help."
In the wake of the attack, commentators questioned whether the tone of the EU referendum campaign had been too divisive, pointing in particular to the focus on immigration.
Alex Massie, writing in the Spectator magazine, blamed the "Leave" campaign for raising tensions, saying: "When you encourage rage you cannot then feign surprise when people become enraged".
"When you present politics as a matter of life and death, as a question of national survival, don't be surprised if someone takes you at your word," he wrote.
Asked whether the tense atmosphere around Britain's referendum was a worry, a spokesman for the US State Department emphasised the incident was an "internal matter for the British people".
"We're obviously concerned by the – by this turning – by turning to violence today," spokesman John Kirby added.
After the attack, pro and anti Brexit groups said they were suspending all campaigning for Thursday and Friday ahead of the June 23 EU membership referendum.
Prime Minister David Cameron cancelled a planned rally during a historic but controversial visit to Gibraltar as part of his campaign for Britain to remain in the EU.
Over parliament, the British flag flew at half-mast, while nearby Cox's Labour party colleagues gathered in a vigil for the MP.
"Hatred will never solve problems," party leader Jeremy Corbyn said at the commemoration.
In Birstall, local residents laid flowers near the scene of the attack as police forensic officers were seen examining a shoe and a handbag in a cordoned-off area.
- 'EU will survive' -
The attack halted a frantic day of campaigning, as two new opinion polls indicated that more Britons now want to leave the EU than want to stay.
If they prove correct, Britain would become the first state in the nearly six-decade history of the bloc to leave.
The looming prospect of a Brexit has sparked volatility in the financial markets and sent the pound plunging, and prompted interventions from a number of EU leaders.
EU President Donald Tusk said: "The EU will survive, I have no doubt".
On a visit to Russia, European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker remarked: "I don't think that the European Union will be in danger of death if Britain leaves."
A new survey by Ipsos Mori showed support for leaving the EU now stands at 53 percent compared to 47 percent for those who want to stay in, excluding undecided voters.
Another new poll by Survation put "Leave" ahead by 52-48, excluding undecided voters.
Polling expert John Curtice said the race was now too close to call, telling the BBC: "I think we no longer have a favourite in this referendum."
London's FTSE 100 share index fell 1.1 percent to 5,899, before recovering somewhat to end the day 0.27 percent lower at 5,950.
The pound hit a new two-month low against the euro.
We're pleased to bring you the premiere of Neck Deep In Filth's self-titled album (listen below), which is scheduled to be officially released on September 9th. You can purchase the album here.
Neck Deep In Filth guitarist Sandesh commented:
“We were initially gonna create gritty, dark, aggressive, super fast hardcore band. But I sneaked in some melodies. So we ended up creating something a little different, influenced by crust bands like Alpinist and Downfall of Gaia, and screamo with bands like Anomie.”
Neck Deep In Filth by NECK DEEP IN FILTH
Neck Deep In Filth was formed in 2016 when members of various Kathmandu-based punk, hardcore, and death metal bands came together to play politically-driven hardcore/punk. Members Vishal (vocals) and Sushil (bass) were a part of one of the first Nepali punk rock band, Inside 2 Stoopid Triangles, which also contained members of US grindcore band Chepang at the time. The two also share a past in metallic hardcore juggernauts Jugaa whereas guitarist Sandesh and drummer Sanjay were recruited from Squirtguns and Asphyxiate respectively.
Having initially met through shows and sharing practice spaces, since Kathmandu is such a small place, the band quickly settled in together and began to forge a sound that is reminiscent of the dark hardcore of Integrity, Cursed, Alpinist as well as the violent rage of Left For Dead, Haymaker & Sick of it All. The band takes influences from different ends of the extreme music spectrum to create an unrelenting, punishing wall of sound with tremolo riffs, breakdowns, blast-beats and frantic screaming – all packaged in a very mid-90's style production. The EP was recorded in their rehearsal spaces while their bassist Sushil recorded, mixed & mastered the material, resulting in a sound that is definitive of what DIY means in the third world.
To promote the upcoming release of the EP, the band has played some well-received shows in their city, which boasts one of the best metal & punk scenes in South Asia. Self-released CDs of the EP will be released when NDIF plays The Pit on Sept 9. The artwork is made by Dib Gurung, known for his work with Chepang, and reflects the strong political views of the bands by showing a member of a minority community surrounded by bullets and the Nepali flag. As vocalist Vishal puts it – “We're living in a society filled with racists, misogynists, and hate filled ultranationalists. We're surrounded by scum. Hence, Neck Deep In Filth.”
Connect with the band:
Facebook | Bandcamp | YouTube
Several professional athletes like Deion Sanders, Terry Bradshaw and Shaquille O'Neal have tried their luck at a career in music, but only a few have had success. Now, Chiefs outside linebacker Tamba Hali is showing his skills in the rap game.
Hali just released a new track, "Chief," and it's specifically aimed at his team, the Chiefs and their fans. The song has a very catchy beat and Hali does a good job making the song flow. Even though the lyrics may get repetitive, the beat carries the song. While it may not be "Passionfruit," it's still a solid rap song that I could listen to on a regular basis.
In 2009, Hali actually created his own record label, Relumae Records, and he started to release solo tracks in 2016. Now, "Chief" is Hali's 10th song and even more impressive is that all of his songs are on Spotify.
Currently, Hali is on the Chief's PUP list, but he has hopes to return this season. All I know is that when his playing days are done, he could have a very successful career as a rapper.
Neither the Swedish foreign ministry nor ministry of defence have heard of Bildt, who emigrated from the country in 1994, according to newspaper Dagens Nyheter.
"We have no spokesman by that name," Marie Pisäter of the Ministry of Defence (Försvarsmakten) told Dagens Nyheter.
The foreign ministry also told the newspaper that it had no link with Bildt.
Bildt appeared on the Fox News channel on Thursday, where he was interviewed by one of the station's most prominent presenters, Bill O'Reilly.
During the section, Sweden was described as a country plagued by crime - particularly rape - with rises in crime linked to immigration.
On Thursday night, the Swedish foreign ministry sought to address the ongoing media storm about the country's crime rates via a post on its website.
Bildt left Sweden in 1994 and changed his surname in 2003, reports news agency TT. The 'security advisor' is reported to own a number of security firms in the US.
Bildt has himself been convicted of a violent offence in the US and was given a one-year prison sentence in 2014, according to Dagens Nyheter, which cited documents from Arlington General District Court in Virginia.
In a mail to Metro and Dagens Nyheter, Bildt said that the official-sounding title did not come from him.
"I participated in Bill O'Reilly's show on Fox News. I had no control over the choice of title, which was made by Fox News' editor. I am an independent analyst based in the USA," wrote Bildt.
Meanwhile, President Trump pressed on with his depiction of Sweden as a troubled country at a rally near Washington Friday - without going into specifics.
"Take a look at what happened in Sweden. I love Sweden. Great country. Great people. I love Sweden. But they understand, right, the people over there understand I'm right," he said.
Trump's remarks earlier this week were in fact highly controversial in Sweden.
LeBron James, Cleveland Cavaliers teammate James Jones and Los Angeles Clippers star Chris Paul have been served with notices of deposition in former NBA players' union executive director Billy Hunter's wrongful termination lawsuit against the National Basketball Players Association, sources said Thursday.
Paul operates as union president, James as vice president and Jones as secretary treasurer. Hunter is suing the NBPA for $10.5 million in addition to attorney's fees, for compensation he did not receive after his ouster in February 2013.
James was the most recent of the three to receive his notice. Former union president and player Derek Fisher was also served on Feb. 26, 2016.
In addition to the deposition notices served by Hunter's legal team, California Superior Court Judge Huey Cotton has ordered the NBPA to turn over the documents regarding an investigation conducted by law firm Paul Weiss into Hunter's reign as executive director, a review that preceded Hunter's ouster.
According to a Sports Business Daily report, Cotton has also ordered the union to pay $30,550 in sanctions for failing to comply with a previous order to turn over documents.
The two sides are scheduled for a hearing Nov. 3, wherein the NBPA legal team may appeal the order that it cede documents in discovery. Hunter's legal team has asserted that more depositions of NBA players are forthcoming.
Activists, city and state officials, parents and community members rallied to stop gun violence during a march Sunday in North Portland.
The Orange Walk to End Gun Violence, held at Peninsula Park, was one of nearly 100 taking place across the country. The demonstration was to honor survivors and victims of gun violence and commemorate Monday's third anniversary of the shooting at Sandy Hook school in Newtown, Connecticut.
Several speakers addressed the crowd of about 300, most wearing orange and carrying signs, before walking a lap around the park. Many spoke about wanting better gun laws and the role voters play in electing officials who will advocate for reform. Others spoke of those they had lost to gun violence.
Gov. Kate Brown, recognizing the victims and survivors of Sandy Hook, the 2012 shooting at Clackamas Town Center and the recent mass shooting at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, said she was proud of the bill requiring background checks on private gun sales she signed into law in May. But it's not enough, she said.
"These incidents have changed our lives forever," Brown said. "Unfortunately there is much more work to be done and I look forward to working with legislators."
Portland Mayor Charlie Hales commended and thanked legislators who had worked to create stricter gun laws. He spoke of the city's "terrible new record" as gang violence hit a historic high this year, referencing a shooting near high school and times he has visited wounded police officers.
"We can change these dismal statistics," Hales said. "This is not normal. We must come together on this big intractable problem and do something."
Yet the conversation also centered around victims of gun violence. Andy Parker, whose daughter Alison was killed during a live TV broadcast in Moneta, Virginia, described her as "a bolt of lightning" who "died in love with life." He stood with his wife, Barbara.
Paul Kemp said his last memory of his brother in-law, Steve Forsyth, was from his son's birthday party two days before Forsyth was killed at the Clackamas Town Center shooting.
Jenna Yuille's mother, Cindy, was also shot and killed at the mall.
"She's not in a better place and this didn't happen for a reason," she said to the crowd. "You have no idea how much it means just to see all of you guys here."
Emma Gray of Tualatin participated in the walk with her two daughters. She wanted to do her part to send a message to legislators that Americans want "common sense gun reform," she said.
"It's raining, it's cold, we're still out here," Gray said. "I think its time that our legislators hear a louder voice."
The Orange Walk was sponsored by the Oregon Chapter of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, part of Everytown for Gun Safety. Other speakers included Anneliese Davis, volunteer chapter leader with the Oregon chapter of Moms Demand Action; Shannon Watts, founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America; and Kimberley Dixon of Enough is Enough PDX. Watch the video for comments from each speaker.
--Laura Frazier
lfrazier@oregonian.com
503-294-4035
@frazier_laura
Washington Post “Fact Checker” Glenn Kessler and other liberal pundits lambasted Republican Rep. Tim Huelskamp earlier this year for claiming Obamacare had left more Kansans uninsured — but it turns out he was right.
Kessler awarded Huelskamp four ‘Pinocchios' for claiming twice at town halls in his home state that it appeared that the number of uninsured Kansans was rising.
“It's hard to get accurate numbers on anything,” Huelskamp said in April. “But the number we see today is that — as I understand them — we believe there are more people uninsured today in Kansas than there were before the president's health-care plan went into effect.”
Kessler looked at new sign-ups on the federal exchange, assuming that at least some would be previously uninsured; assumed some new Medicaid sign-ups coming out of the woodwork, as Kansas didn't expand the program; and ruled out plan cancellations because Kansas accepted the Obama administration's extension for non-compliant plans.
His conclusion? “In other words, even that dog won't hunt.”
Several months later, Huelskamp's been proved right. According to a Gallup survey out Tuesday, Kansas had the highest jump in the uninsured population of any state — 5.1 percent. Just two other states, Iowa and Virginia, had their uninsured rate grow during the health-care law's first year, and both by less than 1 percent. (RELATED: After Year One Of Obamacare, Kansas' Uninsured Rate Is Up Five Percent)
To his credit, Daily Kos blogger Charles Gaba, who's become an authority on the left when it comes to Obamacare numbers, pondered Kansas' surprising situation in a blog post Wednesday and concluded that “if the current Gallup survey is accurate, it appears that all three of us [Gaba, Kessler, and another Huelskamp critic] owe Rep. Huelskamp an apology.”
“I just can't figure out how this could be the case,” Gaba admitted. He posited that it could be a net loss of employer-based coverage — but Kansas' unemployment rate is lower than last year, so it can't be attributed to employers losing jobs.
What's not included in Gaba's lengthy post on the issue: the rising cost of health coverage, for employers and for individuals.
It's not at all clear yet what accounts for Kansas' abrupt rise in the uninsured. But some studies cite rising premiums as a reason that Obamacare will eventually boost the number of uninsured, although they don't expect it to occur for another several years.
If Kansas employers and workers are trading jobs with health coverage for ones without, it could be due to employers dropping coverage due to growing costs and new taxes (there are already reports of this happening).
According to a June Manhattan Institute analysis, premiums in Kansas' individual insurance market got an enormous boost. In the year Obamacare went into effect, individual premiums grew on average 143 percent for 27 year-old males and 58 percent for 27 year-old women; and 97 percent for 40 year-old men and 41 percent for 40 year-old women.
Kansas' hike in the uninsured rate may have been unexpected, Kessler and others may want to reconsider their arguments now that Huelskamp's been vindicated.
Follow Sarah on Twitter
A Texas pastor is being accused of murder for allegedly fatally shooting his nephew on Sunday.
The Newton County Sheriff's Office confirmed to KBMT that Pastor Luther Jones of the Belgrade Baptist Church was being held on a murder charge.
Juanita Jones told KJAS that her brother, 34-year-old Curtis Jones, was on the way to another church when someone signaled for him to pull into the Belgrade Baptist Church parking lot. Curtis Jones was reportedly shot at least three times through the passenger side window.
According to neighbors, Curtis Jones stepped on the gas, accelerating the car into a tree in a field across the highway after being shot.
Juanita Jones said that her brother and the pastor had a longstanding family feud, but a precise motive was not released by officials.
Initial reports had said that the shooting occurred as Curtis Jones was entering the church.
Newton County Sheriff Eddie Shannon informed KJAS that an autopsy was being performed. Family members said that Curtis Jones had recently been released from prison.
Watch the video below from KBMT, broadcast July 28, 2013.
12 News KBMT and K-JAC. News, Weather and Sports for SE Texas
The Rangers have released left-hander Michael Kirkman, tweets Stefan Stevenson of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. Kirkman had been non-tendered by the Rangers in December and then re-signed to a minor league deal with an invite to Spring Training.
The 28-year-old Kirkman has spent his entire career with the Rangers but saw just 5 2/3 innings with the team in 2014. In 106 2/3 innings, Kirkman has worked to a 4.98 ERA 8.7 K/9, 4.6 BB/9 and a 39.4 percent ground-ball rate. Kirkman's career has been slowed by a battle with skin cancer that limited his time on the field over the past few seasons, but he was able to take the mound again last season and pitched an inning and two-thirds in Spring Training this year before today's release.
A number of clubs will likely be on the lookout for left-handed depth over the course of Spring Training, so it wouldn't be a surprise to see Kirkman get an audition with another team in the next few weeks. The Mets are one team in particular known to be looking for left-handed relief help, following the news that Josh Edgin will undergo Tommy John surgery.
It's worth noting, though, that lefty hitters have had more success against Kirkman in his career than right-handed hitters. He does, however, possess much better K/BB numbers against lefties, and his FIP/xFIP marks against same-handed hitters (3.65 and 3.72, respectively) are much better than those same marks against righties (4.80, 4.86) in spite of the bottom-line results.
This year, the certitudes of the old Middle East dissolved with unseemly haste. A regional order frozen in place since the death of Egypt's Colonel Nasser 40 years ago finally thawed. It produced a torrent of uprisings, coups, standoffs, civil wars, and an orgy of state-sponsored bloodletting. This was the earthquake; in 2012, prepare for the aftershocks. But revolution is not, and has never been, an event. It is a project, and one whose gestation spans not months, or even years, but decades.
The raw violence of the Arab awakening is uncomfortable for those of us accustomed to a different sort of revolution. This month, Vaclav Havel died. His was the era of the pure revolution. The dissolution of the Soviet empire in Europe, and Havel's ascent to the Czech presidency, was tidier than we had any right to expect. It was the age of prison-to-presidency leaps by distinguished statesmen, not undignified rabbles. Today, we confront slow-burning revolutions of barbed wire and blood, not velvet.
In Egypt, the army began the year as saviour of the revolution; it ended it as tormentor. Soldiers who once milled around Tahrir Square, posing on tanks for photographs with revolutionaries, now batter their compatriots on the same stretch of pavement. It's tempting to call this the uprising's Thermidor – the term given to the French Revolution's period of retreat. The French had their “Directory”, a five-man executive body to calm things down; the Egyptians have SCAF – the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces. But there is no Egyptian Robespierre, and in 2012 it will be the army's own reign of terror that needs curbing.
Egypt's new parliament, dominated by the moderate Muslim Brotherhood, will be the arena of next year's struggles. The army, desperate to lock its political and economic privileges into any new constitution, will try to bully and cajole the Islamists into creating a “managed democracy”. This seems clever. After all, the liberals have been wiped out. The Brotherhood are keen not to rock the boat. And many Egyptians are fed up with protests. But it won't work. The Brotherhood may be illiberal and cautious, but they're not stupid. They will eventually use their new mandate to squeeze out the army, resulting in another wave of violence. This is the protection racket: it's us, or chaos.
In the summer, barring a civil war, Egypt will elect a new president. Amr Moussa, the former head of the Arab League, could be propelled to victory. Moussa is slick, pragmatic and opportunistic – think Blair, not Havel. But, as the president takes office, Egypt's perilous economy will catch up with its politics. Ballooning debt, dangerously thin foreign exchange reserves, and stagnating growth will produce a fresh crisis. Egyptians, exhausted by permanent revolution, will be ruled by a state in a four-way standoff, pitting protesters, parliament, presidency and generals against each other. This is the way the revolution ends: not with a bang but a whimper – for now.
Egypt is haunted by the ghosts of its future. Will it become Turkey – a muted political Islam, a chastened military, and a flawed but functional democracy? Or Pakistan – a praetorian state, beset by violence and hollowed out by its self-appointed military guardians?
Syria, by contrast, is haunted by the ghosts of the past – not its own, but those of its neighbours Lebanon and Iraq, each of whom bears the scars of debilitating and bitterly sectarian civil wars. All through the beginning of next year, swathes of Syrian territory will slip out of government hands. The Free Syrian Army, a collection of defectors hosted by Turkey, will mount increasingly spectacular attacks at the heart of the regime. Britain may be among the countries quietly extending its help. By the summer, the rebels could be engaging in controversial political assassinations.
And whereas Libya and Egypt are homogeneous – mostly Sunni – countries, Syria is a multi-ethnic powder keg. The tiny Alawite sect rules over Sunni, Shia, Druze, Christian and Kurd. Sectarian fears are being stoked by the regime. If these spiral out of control, the insurrection will fragment and result in waves of ethnic cleansing reminiscent of Iraq's darkest days in 2007. The Syrian economy, hit by oil embargoes and drained of tourism, will contract drastically. Big cities such as Damascus and Aleppo will convulse.
Can international intervention break the impasse? Probably not. As long as Russia and China refuse to withdraw their diplomatic shield over Syria, the outside world has limited options. European members of Nato will have their own economic disintegration to worry about. Even if the Arab League imposes harsher sanctions, no one will have the appetite to police them aggressively. Smuggling networks will mushroom across the Lebanese and Jordanian borders, and Syria will become awash with weaponry. Iran, which sees the Assad regime as its anchor in the Arab world, will funnel in arms, intelligence and advisers.
Through 2012, Bashar al-Assad could be ruling over a rump Syrian state, buttressed by Iran's revolutionary guard and Hezbollah's thugs. Neither regime nor revolutionaries has the strength to shatter the other. Almost 30 years ago, Assad's father slaughtered as many as 40,000 citizens in the Syrian city of Hama. By the end of next year, his son may have matched that record.
Next door to Syria, Iran will eye another opportunity. By January, there will be more American forces in tiny Djibouti than in all Iraq. The government of Nouri al-Maliki is a squalid postscript to an unloved war. Maliki's rule will grow ever more authoritarian, and his country will drift deeper into Tehran's orbit. Saudi Arabia – protector of the Arab-Sunni order against Persian-Shia incursions – will hit back. Bahrain, where a Sunni minority has brutally squelched a pro-democracy uprising, will be one of the playgrounds of this rivalry. The beleaguered Shia opposition there, long accused of being nothing more than Iranian stooges, will become progressively more radicalised. The US and Britain may come to regret their feeble stance and continued arms sales.
Within Iran, as the problem of succession looms closer, Supreme Leader Khamenei will begin empowering his son Mojtaba – a hardline cleric who may have overseen the assault on the British embassy. The regime is unlikely to build or test nuclear weapons in 2012 – it may not even have decided whether to do so at all – but it will keep its enrichment programme deliberately shrouded in ambiguity. President Obama, under pressure from Republicans during election season, and desperate to avert a unilateral Israeli strike on Iran, will hew to the present combination of sanctions and covert warfare. Expect more mysterious explosions at nuclear facilities.
In 1990, scarcely months after leading his country's revolution, Vaclav Havel observed: “If you want to see your plays performed the way you wrote them, become President.” But for the Arabs, these are ad-libbed revolutions. Those who expect the choreography to come together next year will be disappointed. This takes time. The new Turkey took decades to grind down its coup-addled military. Britain took 96 years to go from the Great Reform Act to universal suffrage. Egypt has had less than a year. Vive la révolution – but all in good time.
Shashank Joshi is an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute in London
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
The Cycling Minister said today he saw both very good and very bad infrastructure on a ride around the capital but denied he felt in danger at any time.
Robert Goodwill spent an hour cycling around London, from Kings Cross to Westminster via Camden, Southwark and Lambeth.
The minister praised new "light segregation" recently installed on Camden's Royal College Street, where armadillo bumps and flower pots separate cyclists from traffic.
But Mr Goodwill criticised confusing road markings and bike lanes in Southwark, after venturing south of the Thames on his Brompton folding bicycle, joined by Department for Transport aides.
The minister urged cyclists to position themselves positively on the roads and make sure vehicle drivers know their intentions.
Mr Goodwill said: "I didn't feel in danger at any time - I do cycle in London but I think if I was a London cycling virgin I would have been a little bit nervous, possibly.
"When we came out of Kings Cross, we got on to some quite good segregated routes, some quiet routes I didn't even know existed. We went down Royal College Street where they have spent a lot of money... I thought that was fine and I felt safe. Because of the little armadillos, if the cyclist did need to cross over the road to get to a shop they can weave in between, but a car can't get over.
"In a way, because it's much cheaper I would rather see a lot of that and less total segregation, which is quite expensive.
"There was a bizarre one in Southwark where I went across the road and there was a cycle lane coming the other way, but the cycle lane on our side started three metres later and then it was on a footpath. It was marked on the footpath but there was no ramp or anything."
Mr Goodwill, who cycles in his Yorkshire constituency and to his London office, said he wanted to see more women riding bikes around London and more people in suits - rather than Lycra-clad cyclists.
He said if people position themselves in the middle of lanes, indicate clearly to trucks and other vehicles their intentions, then cycling can be safe.
"The advice I get from my officials is women are more nervous about going on the roads than men," he said.
"Also, sadly, women are possibly more likely - or inexperienced older people, men as well - to be at the lefthand side of the road, thinking they are safe near the kerb when actually they should be in the box at the front, behind the advance stop line, taking possession of their lane, making it clear to people behind they are turning or going straight on.
"If people around you know what you intend to do, you're much safer."
But asked if he understood why nervous cyclists did not want to share the road with much larger vehicles, Mr Goodwill said: "I can understand why people do feel a bit nervous and why you have to have your wits about you in London - for example, don't cycle when you're drunk.
"I sometimes think people on Boris bikes who have not much experience cycling in London are probably putting themselves in danger - but I didn't feel any danger."
Mr Goodwill said he was sceptical about the possibility of a ban on heavy good vehicles at peak times, insisting it had made little difference in Paris and adding that vehicles such as dustcarts need to move around the city, while deliveries being made at night cause noise problems.
"There are issues to be looked at in terms of side protection bars on tipper lorries, on skip wagons, on certain other refuse wagons," Mr Goodwill said.
"Experience in other countries like Denmark and Holland has shown you can design a network in an urban environment which is safe for cyclists and we do need to do more.
"What we need to do is transplant the best I have seen into some of the areas where I have also seen the worst.
"Some of the worst areas are because of not much investment. But some of them are actually areas where they have spent quite a bit of money but it has not been spent intelligently.
"We need to review some of the road-marking legislation... low-level signals for cyclists so they can see them, there are things like that we can do."
The Rangers are attempting to create maneuverability within the organization and under the cap as the April 3 trade deadline approaches, but the ninth-place Blueshirts may have to maneuver with their lineup for tonight's match at the Garden against the 10th-place Capitals, whom they lead by three points.
For after losing Jeff Halpern on a claim by the Canadiens while also placing Stu Bickel on waivers yesterday at noon, the Rangers may have to go without J.T. Miller, who is questionable because of a left wrist issue that developed during Thursday's defeat to the Panthers.
Miller did not practice yesterday, leaving the ice after attempting to shoot and stickhandle before the team began its work. Kris Newbury was summoned from the AHL Whale, presumably to take Miller's spot if the rookie can't go.
“It's day to day; I'll see [how it is] in the morning,” said Miller, who obviously hadn't read the memo about remaining mum regarding injuries. “I tried shooting, but when I put pressure on my stick it's like the [left wrist] tendons are really loose and it's tough to shoot.
“It's just pretty swollen. When I go to shoot and put pressure on my bottom hand, I can feel it pop in and out, so I just have to wait and see.”
The Post was told Jesper Fast was still dealing with the Swedish bureaucracy yesterday in attempting to gain permission to join the Rangers rather than commit to Team Sweden for the World Championship Tournament that will be played in Stockholm and Helsinki beginning May 3.
A source familiar with the situation said it was likely the 21-year-old winger, who signed an Entry Level contract last May, would join the Blueshirts at some point this week.
At the same time, The Post was told the Rangers are preparing to make an offer to restricted free agent winger Mats Zuccarello, who has one year remaining on his KHL contract with Magnitogorsk, but has an out-clause that would allow him to return to the NHL.
It remains to be seen whether the offer will be lucrative enough to entice Zuccarello, who will only consider a one-way deal after spending most of his two years in North America in the AHL.
Montreal's claim of Halpern leaves the Rangers with 48 contracts in the organization, two under the maximum. That number would be reduced to 47 if Bickel, who averaged just 5:31 in 16 games while a scratch in 14 overall and the last seven straight, is also claimed.
Arron Asham, meanwhile, pronounced himself good to go after having been sidelined for 15 straight with lower back issues.
“I realize it's the coach's decision but I'm itching to get back at it; it's been a long time,” said Asham, who hasn't played since Feb. 19. “I want to get in and be a presence, be good on the forecheck and play some smart hockey.
“Every game is like a playoff game for us now. Hopefully I can add some life.”
* The Rangers went through a double-session yesterday, devoting the second portion of practice to the power play. Derek Stepan, who worked the point intermittently last year but hadn't been at the top this season, teamed with Michael Del Zotto on the blue line with Brad Richards, Rick Nash and Ryan Callahan up front on the first unit.
Dan Girardi and Anton Stralman worked the points on the second unit with Marian Gaborik, Carl Hagelin and Chris Kreider the forwards.
One of the league's finest snipers, Vladimir Tarasenko recently scored his 100th NHL goal. In this translated interview, originally appearing on the popular Russian website Sport Express, Blues forward Vladimir Tarasenko talked about his milestone goal, discussed some other Russian NHL players, and shed some light on his mindset towards the game.
* For the original Sport Express article by Igor Rabiner, click here.
– Did you collect the puck of your 100th NHL goal?
– Yes, but not me directly. My line mates collected it from the refs and gave it to me later.
[pull_quote_right author=”Vladimir Tarasenko”]I think that nothing is impossible. You only need to work hard and believe in yourself[/pull_quote_right]
– How many of these pucks there are in your collections?
– I have the puck of my first goal, and I also have the puck of my 50th.
– It looks like a solid collection already.
– But I definitely need some more pieces.
– Was your 100th goal a big event for you?
– Not bad. Of course I can't say that it was a goal like all the others, let's say that it was one of such goals that help you in motivating you further towards new achievements.
– Are you satisfied about your stats? Do you think it's possible to score 50 goals and fight for the Maurice Richard Trophy against Alex Ovechkin?
– I think that nothing is impossible. You only need to work hard and believe in yourself. Results will come this way.
– What do you think you need to work on?
– On everything. Goals just don't come down from the skies, each goal is the result of hard work. Both in the practices and in the shift you are in when you score. Every aspect is very important.
– Many regards your wristshot as one of the best in the league, if not the best.
– You always need to work hard. Even if today you are the best, if you stop working, tomorrow you'll just be like all the others.
– In what aspects of the hockey sniping art do you try to follow Ovechkin's example?
– Why are you saying that I'm following his example? But on the other hand, if I'll say that I am not following his example wouldn't be correct. The most correct thing to say is that I follow all the players who score a lot of goals. In particular, the Russian ones. I'm not saying that I'm taking something from them, but in any case watching at other players is always useful because you have a chance to learn something new. But the most important thing is to focus on your stronger sides and try to be yourself, and not to imitate others.
– By mid-December you were one of the top goal-scorers in the league, but in January you didn't score as much. Why?
– Simply I wasn't too lucky in that period. What exactly… I need to analyze it in the off-season so that it won't happen again.
– Your father in one of the recent interviews said that he doesn't like the term “star”, he prefers “supermaster”. Then he said that you're still a “master”.
– Can't argue your own father. I think that usually in Russia children are grown like that, your father is an inviolable authority. If he said it, then let it be. This stimulates me to work even harder.
– Your father also told that in your childhood you played a lot like Jaromir Jagr. Especially because you usually shot the puck when no one was expecting it. Who was your childhood idol?
– My idol was my father. Having he and my grandfather working on me helped me a lot. They spent a lot of time with me. I think this was what give the most results.
– Recently you said that you talk with Joni Lehtera in Russian. Were you joking?
– Sometimes I do. He kind of understands. And can also talk. He played many years in Russia, he knows the language.
– Was it helpful to have with you a player you played with before?
– Of course. It's great to play with a guy with whom you already played. And this is the second year already.
– But some say that what you lack to score 50 goals a season is an elite center.
– People talk a lot. You need to find things within yourself, and only then try to find other reasons.
http://gty.im/492860076
– It looks like your long-term contract didn't influence your game. Was there no euphoria?
– No, I didn't feel any euphoria. I was very happy, not because of the money, but because of the stability of playing eight years in the same team.
– Were you expecting that your friends Artemi Panarin and Evgeny Kuznetsov would have such a strong season?
– Of course I am very happy for them. And I am also glad that there are other two guys from the [2011 WJC] gold metal team [in the NHL]: Sergey Kalinin and Dmitry Orlov. I was feeling bad for Dmitry after he had to miss a whole season, we are friends for long time already. I'm glad that they are playing well and I'm sincerely happy for them. I also would like to say one more thing: we, unfortunately, lost two guys [Yury Urychev and Daniil Sobchenko, in the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl airplane crash]. We remember them and we play for them.
– Thank you for these words. Would you like to play with Kuznetsov and Panarin on the same line at the World Cup?
– Yes, of course. We already played together, and even scored a couple of goals at junior level (laughs).
– Do you have any competition between yourself, for example, who scores more goals, or something like that?
– No, we do not. But before the games we always find some time to talk. We know each other for a long time already.
– If the Blues will get out of the playoffs early, are you ready to play for the national team at the IIHF WC in home soil?
– I'm not ready to discuss about it. I am thinking only to the playoffs.
http://gty.im/500105778
– Are you following what is happening to your former team and line mate Ilya Kovalchuk?
– When we played together for SKA he helped me a lot. Both on and off the ice. And I am such a guy who always cheers for the people who gave me good things. I think there are some problems within the team, I can't say from here. I just want to give Ilya my support. I hope that all will be good. He is a great player and a great person. I'm sure that all will be ok.
– Overall you're having a good season. What do you need to achieve in order to consider a season successful?
– Winning everything.
– And scoring how many goals?
– As many as possible!
Recently, I came across a few articles [1, 2, 3] comparing Qt's modern UI framework – Qt Quick and its own declarative language QML to HTML, with QML coming out as a clear winner in several categories:
speed of learning,
ease of use,
performance,
cross-platform compatibility.
Although QML is not a substitute for HTML – they were designed with different goals in mind – I think QML would make a great web technology.
No matter which client framework is currently in fashion, building an UI on top of HTML is using the wrong abstraction for the wrong purpose. HTML was originally created as hyper-text markup language. Its primary function is to semantically structure and link text documents. Presentation was largely left to the user agent (browser). The user could even configure certain aspects like fonts or colors. Over time, more presentation control mechanisms were added. Today's HTML, CSS, DOM and JS scripting is a weird mix of text markup, presentation and behavior. With every browser implementing its own subset, in its own way, with its own quirks, the requirement to create documents that look and behave consistently across browsers and platforms quickly becomes untenable.
With HTML 5, presentation consistency could be achieved more easily: instead of manipulating the DOM, we can write our own presentation code using Canvas and its imperative graphics API. We can go even more low-level with WebGL. In this case, HTML is not really in use anymore – it serves only as a container in which the Canvas element is embedded. Whether we write our own rendering code or use a Canvas based library, it's hard to get it right. More often than not, Canvas-heavy websites generate excessively high CPU load.
In contrast, QML was designed from the ground up for modern, fluid, data-driven UIs. At its core is a declarative component-based language with dynamic data bindings and powerful animation and state management system. The language is complemented by a comprehensive library of UI primitves, called Qt Quick, with well defined properties and behaviors. A QML document describes a tree of visual (and non-visual) elements that form a scene. With data bindings being a core concept, the separation of data from presentation is trivial and encouraged. The scene is controlled by any combination of the following mechanisms:
a data model hooked into the scene using data bindings,
reactions to events from user input, sensors, location and other APIs,
JavaScript code for imperative programming.
A QML document defines a scene completely and precisely. You can think of it as pure presentation. Nothing is left to interpretation for the runtime. It will look and behave identically on all platforms and devices. Due to the declarative nature of the language, it is easy to imagine what the scene will look like by reading the source code.
Under the hood, QML uses a scenegraph engine implemented on top of whatever low level graphics API is available on the platform: currently OpenGL and OpenGL ES on embedded platforms, with Vulkan and D3D12 backends in the works. The engine uses modern programmable graphics hardware and is heavily optimized and CPU efficient, only redrawing the scene when needed.
It is obvious that QML and Qt Quick would be a great fit for the web. I wish browsers already supported it as standard. The big question is: what is the chance of big browsers implementing QML? Unlike HTML, which is an open standard, QML (although open-source) is a proprietary technology owned and developed by the The Qt Company. It would probably have to be developed into an open standard and in partnership with major browser vendors. I don't know if this is going to happen anytime soon, or ever. Realizing they are missing out on the biggest platform – the world wide web – The Qt Company might want to invest in this direction. It would be a win for everybody and most certainly web developers.
Update (6/2018): It looks like Qt is going to support the WebAssembly platform, so QML in your browser might be a reality soon. Sure there are rough edges right now and the performance is not great either. Let's see where this goes.
Resources:
Discussion:
Advertisements
Communism is a bad system of ideas. No statement might seem more obvious, but the reasoning behind it would be regarded by cultural tastemakers as “problematic” if it were applied to Islam.
Even if the core prescriptions of communism are regarded as, at least, a well-intentioned flight of fancy, we can still have a grown-up conversation about it being a worldview that leads to human suffering.
Discussing communism, fascism, and even capitalism in this way passes the dinner table test, but Islam is somehow different. Why? It withers under the exact same type of criticism as the belief systems we all love to hate – the numbers speak for themselves. Taking a look at the list of the deadliest terror attacks in history shows a picture much different than the one that we're expected to believe.
I first wrote this article following a major addition to that list last week, when 84 people were killed in Nice, France by a terrorist who drove a semi-trailer truck into a crowd. Since then, an axe-wielding man in Wurzburg, Germany went on a rampage that left more than a dozen injured. Surprising approximately nobody, both of these men shouted “Allahu Akbar” during their attacks.
Incidents like these have become routine. So have the responses. The only thing about terrorism that can still shock us is when someone has the audacity to promote a solution as taboo as it is obvious: reducing Muslim immigration to the West.
Elites will trip over each other promoting every just about every other solution without much fuss from the media: Installing a government backdoor into every consumer device, banning guns, expanding military operations overseas, increase the depth and breadth of the surveillance state and putting soldiers equipped with body armor and automatic rifles everywhere you can expect a large crowd.
We're expected to accept anything as necessary, whether it be living under the constant threat of terrorism or living in an Orwellian police state, if it means the continual importation of a third-world underclass. In fact, all responsible authorities tell us that the real problem but the fact that Islamic terrorism fuels anti-immigration sentiment, rather than the fact that the population is forced to live in fear, or, for the unlucky ones, were robbed of their lives.
This might seem weird in a vacuum, but it should always be remembered that elites have their legitimacy buttressed by their apparent commitment to diversity and inclusion. But for anyone who is paying attention, asking this much from the electorate is a bridge too far. The belief that racism is the insurmountable evil that warrants the suppression of all other goods might be nearing its expiration date, and the foundations of the power will shift accordingly.
That isn't to say that racism isn't evil, but a smarter way of looking at it might be that it's instrumentally evil rather than evil per se. Could anyone be so bold to take this position in polite society, to say that racism is only bad because it hurts people? The U.S. Department of State already has.
The agency proposed a rule in May surprising that would effectively ban Chinese nationals from being researchers at U.S. universities over fears of espionage. There are one million Chinese students in the U.S., and this law would put a ban on them just because of their national origin. This is racist, if we want to be fashionable and use a broad definition of the term. The strange part is that nobody freaked out about the proposal except for university administrators, who were worried that it would put their labs at a disadvantage. The State Department merely made a calculation and came to the conclusion that discrimination would help a lot more people than it would hurt.
In contrast to the handful of outlets covering the proposed Chinese student ban, the idea to clamp down on immigration from countries where Islamic terrorism is common caused a surfeit of spittle-flecked think pieces when Donald Trump added it to his platform. His prescription was essentially the same as the State Department's, but the difference is that it's an election year and Donald Trump isn't the kind of elite we're used to.
The calculus is clear, after all: Terrorism is common in Muslim countries, Western countries are importing more Muslims, and terrorist attacks are on the rise in the West. And Donald Trump, whether you like him or not, is separating himself from just about every politician in the Western world by expressing his willingness to point out that the emperor isn't wearing any clothes.
Take a look at Poland, a country with two-thirds the population of Metropolitan France and nearly four times the population of Belgium. While the size of these two countries comparable, the amount of terrorist attacks are not – Wikipedia's page on terrorist attacks in Poland is populated by assassinations and train bombings from the early 20th century. The equivalent page for France shows that country facing a very serious contemporary threat.
The obvious difference is that 7 percent of France is Muslim but close to 0 percent of Poland is. Countries with demographics similar to France are learning that living with the constant threat of Muslim brutality is their new reality. Their leaders have invested so much into solidifying political correctness as the ideology of power that it's the hill they are willing to die on.
Another useful twin study is Nigeria, where Christians and Muslims each make up roughly half of the population and have similar socioeconomic statuses. However, there is no Christian equivalent to Boko Haram, the Nigeria-based Muslim terrorist group that has claimed 20,000 lives in just seven years.
Polls show that twenty-five percent of British Muslims think that terrorism is justified, and that even among those fleeing from Syria, 13 percent have favorable views of ISIS. Combined with a majority of Muslims supporting Sharia law, the illegality of homosexuality and death for apostasy, it's hard to pretend that endemic terrorism has to do with anything other than large Muslim communities providing comfortable environments for radicals to swim in. In these communities, often terrorism is justified and ISIS is viewed favorably.
Many have argued that the United States suspending immigration from only Muslim countries is unconstitutional. Maybe, but operating under a largely unchanged constitution throughout most of the U.S. history, the country discriminated against any potential immigrants who weren't from Western Europe.
For most countries in the West, though, addressing this type of violence is much simpler. Citizens just need to no longer accept the political energy that pushes for post-national utopianism but can only offer a lit-up Eiffel Tower and an expanded security state when barbarism strikes yet again.
When you feel lonesome and
the cold wind greets you with a wicked smile,
I will be there.
When you wake in the morning and
the sun does not appear and the darkness reminds you of your mourning
I will be there.
I will be there
when hope is just an empty word in the hearts of the unrelated,
and your smile is forced or sometimes slipped out without notice,
as if that momentary happiness is not for you but for them,
let me listen to you and feel your hurts.
I will be there.
When nothing seems to make you laugh and
nobody seems to care about your day or your night
I will be there.
When your friends are just strangers and
strangers are people who can't lend you a shoulder,
I will be there.
I will be there
when there is nobody to tell you you're beautiful,
that you're worth the world,
as if everyone matters except you don't
let me look into your eyes and your heart.
I will be there.
Remember that I will be there.
You can be alone all you want but your loneliness ends here,
My arms are open; you are welcome yesterday today and forever.
Don't be afraid,
I will be there.
I am happy to announce the official launch of Analytics-Toolkit.com – the toolkit that makes analytics easier. I'm excited to present the results of over 2 years of development because I believe many web analytics specialists, SEO/SEM specialists, and internet marketers will find the tools in the toolkit valuable in their daily work.
Most of the tools in the toolkit are based on the Google Analytics API, meaning that they use your Google Analytics data.
Some tools are helping you in the setup and audit part of the job – setting up custom code implementations, easy copy-pasting of goals, fast automatic audit of profile settings and data (with recommendations for fixes), fast automatic audit of your e-commerce data and others. Our cost data import tool provides you with the ability to import advertising cost data (display campaigns, Facebook campaigns, Bing campaigns, etc.) so that you can perform ROAS calculations in Google Analytics.
Other tools help you explore your data more intelligently, like our Smart Data Explorer tool which is a bold attempt at providing statistical analysis and innovative sorting algorithms to your Google Analytics data. We also have what I believe is the most advanced statistical significance calculator. Statistical significance is something you *must* calculate for every piece of data you base any decisions on. Any A/B test you perform – conversion optimization tests, ad copy tests, ad placement and traffic source comparisons, keyword performance comparisons and basically any and all data you use. Our calculator is the only one that allows for quick bulk input (direct copy/paste from Excel for example) and also employs intelligent multiple comparison corrections.
Finally we have a tool that I believe SEOs will love – a Google Algorithm Update Checker. It is, I believe (after several comparison tests), the most advanced and precise tool of its kind in existense. It's much more than an overlay of Google update dates on a graph. It does actual analysis of traffic trends and tries very hard to eliminate any other sources of traffic fluctuations like seasonal trends, PR and advertising campaigns (incl. lack of), technical issues with Google Analytics, etc. It, of course, reports only statistically significant results.
I suggest you go in, register for free and give the tools a try. We are normally giving a 1-property 30-day free trial, but due to this being our launch week, we are giving free 30-day trial access for 10 web properties to everyone who registers before the end of this week (Friday, April 11-th, 2014, incl.)!
We would greatly appreciate any feedback you might have and good criticism and bug reporting are most welcomed!
Finally, I would like to thank all of our beta-testers without whom this product would not have been as good as it is. Thank you guys!
Georgi Georgiev
Founder of Analytics-Toolkit.com
Owner of Web Focus LLC
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), center, with Sens. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) and Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), speaks during a press conference in Washington on Jan. 10. (Shawn Thew/European Pressphoto Agency)
The schism in the GOP could not be more obvious: On one side stands “blood and soil” nationalists bent on stirring the passions of working-class whites who have been convinced that all Muslims are dangerous. They decline to look at the outcomes of the policies; rather, they seek to bond with and channel the irrational anger of their base. The justification for an outlandish policy becomes: That's what President Trump ran on. (Put differently, the more closely you look at Trump's executive order on immigration, “the more clearly un-serious it is in addressing any real problem. It's Breitbart-like boob bait for the bubbas,” as Bill Kristol tweeted.) The order is both under- and overinclusive in scope, substituting immigration exclusionism for national security policy. (Or is it using national security to justify immigration exclusionism?)
[Did you attend a protest? Tell us what you plan to do next.]
When it comes to Trump's executive order on immigration — which he facetiously declares is not a Muslim ban (didn't he chide President Obama for ignoring the identity of our enemy?) — the nativists do not care that refugees are the most well-vetted immigrants or that the seven countries from which immigration is halted do not include any from which the 9/11 hijackers (or any other jihadist attack on the homeland) emanated. They remain indifferent to the real possibility that the order could do real and material harm to our military efforts. (The Post quoted former CIA director Michael V. Hayden as saying: “We've got good people who will work hard at it, but there is no question that this has already created an irretrievable cost. … [The order] inarguably has made us less safe. It has taken draconian measures against a threat that was hyped. The byproduct is it feeds the Islamic militant narrative and makes it harder for our allies to side with us.”) Together with those that malevolently fan the flames of hysteria and xenophobia are Republicans who have lost their nerve and moral bearings, who imagine their careers or agendas will be bolstered by avoiding confrontation with Trump. That sadly includes such former conservative darlings as House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) and Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.).
Trump administration officials defended the president's executive order temporarily banning entry to the U.S. from seven mostly Muslim countries, but lawmakers from both parties expressed strong concern or objection. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
On the other side of divide were lawmakers — including Sens. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Rob Portman (R-Ohio), Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) and Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) — foreign policy experts, former officials and the former independent conservative candidate (and former CIA officer) Evan McMullin, all of whom understood how unnecessary, counterproductive and morally offensive was the directive which anti-immigration zealots Stephen K. Bannon and Stephen Miller cooked up. Appearing on CNN's “State of the Union,” Portman matter-of-factly said that while security measures are essential, “we have to do it in a way that's consistent with our values and consistent with our national security. We are this beacon of hope and opportunity for the rest of the world. That's our self-image and it's also an important part of our foreign policy. So we have to do it in a way that makes sense.”
[Republicans have no shame]
The two halves of the party differ on priorities, sensibilities, tone and values. The Trumpkins have put aside rationality and democratic norms; the other side of the GOP resists. The divide also separates those who already serve in the administration and those who refuse to. Among the latter are Trump critic, former State Department official and scholar Eliot A. Cohen, who wrote:
We were right. And friends who urged us to tone it down, to make our peace with him, to stop saying as loudly as we could “this is abnormal,” to accommodate him, to show loyalty to the Republican Party, to think that he and his advisers could be tamed, were wrong. … To friends still thinking of serving as political appointees in this administration, beware: When you sell your soul to the Devil, he prefers to collect his purchase on the installment plan. Trump's disregard for either Secretary of Defense Mattis or Secretary-designate Tillerson in his disastrous policy salvos this week, in favor of his White House advisers, tells you all you need to know about who is really in charge. To be associated with these people is going to be, for all but the strongest characters, an exercise in moral self-destruction.
In short, #NeverTrump Republicans were right to take him literally and to understand the threat he poses to our democracy.
A series of questions — other than what the executive action means and to whom it applies — remain unanswered:
Was the order vetted through applicable departments (Justice, Homeland Security, State) and if so, did they approve?
Did Bannon override those who said it should not apply to green-card holders (only to be overruled himself when all hell broke loose)?
Rather than just give tepid criticism for its incompetent implementation (which makes the healthcare.gov website rollout look brilliant), will Congress move to reverse it by legislation?
Did we vet the plan with allies, and if so, what was their reaction?
Is it mere coincidence that Trump has business interests in countries not on the list from which terrorists actually do come?
Did the Holocaust statement (issued on the same day as the executive order) which left out mention of Jews, and thereby aped the lingo of Holocaust deniers, come from the same campaign operative(s) who dabbled in anti-Semitic symbols during the campaign? Since Reince Priebus and other Trump aides confirmed that the wording intentionally omitted that Jews were the target of Hitler's genocide, do we conclude the administration is rife with anti-Semitic sentiment — or merely ignorant to a degree we have not seen in a modern president?
Does the inclusion of pro-Russia political operatives and the removal of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence from the permanent National Security Council roster signal the that matters of national security are subservient to the raw political calculation of someone who cheers nationalist right-wing parties in Europe aligned with Russia?
When is Congress going to demand a full accounting of Trump's finances to determine if these erratic, damaging national security moves are related to his own financial self-interest?
[The question every Democrat must answer: ‘What are you doing to fight Trump?']
As important as all those are, the fundamental issue of our times remains: Can Americans reject the hysteria of bigotry, repudiate irrationality, insist policy be based on reality and put aside far less weighty issues that separate left/right, Democrat/Republican in order to defend democratic norms (e.g. free speech, an independent judiciary, the rule of law, the primacy of the Constitution)? The issue is not whether the conservative movement or the GOP survives, but whether the assumptions that underlie American democracy do.
EL SEGUNDO, Calif. -- D'Angelo Russell bounced back from what he dubbed an "average" performance in the Los Angeles Lakers' preseason opener, finishing with 21 points (7-of-14 shooting), 4 rebounds, 5 assists, 4 turnovers and a steal in 24 minutes in the team's 101-97 preseason loss to the Denver Nuggets on Friday.
Following the game, coach Luke Walton offered constructive criticism of Russell's performance, claiming the second-year point guard still needs to master the delicate balance of reading an NBA defense and deciding the proper time to shoot and pass out of pick-and-roll sets.
"He struggled a little bit early because he really is trying to do the right thing, do what we're asking him," Walton told reporters after the loss. "But at this level, there's a fine line of doing what the coaches want and playing off feel. The guy has got a phenomenal feel for the game. So a lot of picks he was coming off, he was trying to play make even though he was open for the shot.
"So what we're trying to tell him is, any time you're open, shoot it. We want you to play make, we want you to get everyone involved from the point guard position. But when you're coming off screens and you're open, the best way to make that defense pay is to shoot. He's one of the best shooters we have."
Despite Russell's advanced feel of the game, he struggled scoring out of the pick-and-roll last season, shooting just 38.3 percent and ranking in the 36th percentile among qualified pick-and-roll ball-handlers, according to NBA.com/stats.
Once Russell subbed out of Friday's game toward the end of the first quarter, the coaching staff reminded him to be more aggressive, and Walton noticed a stark change in Russell's decision-making.
After the conversation, Russell scored 13 points (4-of-8 shooting), got to the free throw line for his only trips of the night (making 3-of-4), and dished out a couple of assists.
"I think when he got back in for the second time from that point on, he was really good tonight," Walton said. "He was aggressive."
Walton reiterated his stance at practice on Saturday.
"I actually think he did a great job of it in that game," Walton said. "He made that adjustment from his first run to when he got back throughout the game."
Russell views the matter from a different perspective. He felt as if he was taking what the defense was giving him, and that the Lakers exploited the Nuggets' pick-and-roll coverage while he was running the offense.
"It's trust in my teammates," Russell said. "If one play is working all game, your teammates have to realize we should stick with it. In this league, it's all about simplicity. Yesterday their pick-and-roll defense wasn't getting it done for them, and we exploited it and made plays out of it."
Russell was demonstrably more assertive in penetrating and shooting out of pick-and-rolls during Saturday's practice, knifing his way through the lane and either scoring at the rim or drawing fouls on several possessions.
"He was fine today," Walton said. "There weren't a lot of opportunities for that in our practice plan."
Walton added that the key isn't Russell necessarily hunting for his shot more, but observing how a team is defending the Lakers' pick-and-rolls, and then exploiting the holes in that game plan.
"It wasn't being more aggressive. It was just getting better at recognizing what the defense is giving you," Walton said. "If the defense isn't giving you the shot, then we don't want you shooting the ball.
"But the way Denver was playing, a lot of their bigs were dropping way back and D'Angelo is one of our best scorers. So if that's the case, if he shoots 20 times at the end of the night, we're fine with that because we think those are good shots."
Given the pressure and expectations Russell faces while transitioning into being the face of the Lakers in the post-Kobe Bryant era, Walton acknowledges that such nuanced offensive concepts will take time to fully grasp and implement.
"It's got to be challenging," Walton said. "He's [20 years old]. He's the starting point guard for the L.A. Lakers. I think he's naturally a scoring point guard. I think that's who he is naturally as a player, but he wants to win. He's willing to play the right way and willing to play how the coaches ask him to play, which is to move the ball and get it out of your hands and then get off some screens and turn in the weak-side shooter.
"All of these things, he's willing to do right now. I think it gets tough when you're that young and you're still learning how to do it all to combine and to know when to do each one. We'll stay on him about it."
Rift deliveries begin today, shipping to more than 20 countries and regions! This is a historic moment – soon people all over the world will be experiencing fully-immersive VR in their own homes.
Kickstarter units will start arriving today, and the first pre-ordered Rifts will start shipping mid-week and arrive soon after. We're working as fast as we can to get Rifts to customers who pre-ordered. If you pre-ordered, you'll get an email when your order is being prepped (1-3 weeks prior to shipping) and then another one when your payment method has been charged and your Rift is on its way.
You can order a Rift on Oculus.com or purchase an Oculus Ready PC and Rift bundle from Amazon, BestBuy and Microsoft Store.
Dozens of VR games, 360 videos, film shorts, and more
There's an incredible lineup of more than 30 games available on the Oculus Store, ready to play right now! There's something for everyone – from the Zelda-esque labyrinth adventure of Chronos to the high-impact space battle simulation of EVE: Valkyrie, and of course Lucky's Tale, the colorfully immersive VR platformer that's bundled with every Rift. Meet up with your friends in VR and control mighty armies in AirMech Command, engage in an epic race in BlazeRush or duke it out on the court in VR Tennis.
You can explore all the experiences available today and get a peek at what's coming soon in the Experiences section on oculus.com.
You'll also be able to explore a growing catalog of video content. Oculus Video for Rift launches today with thousands of Facebook 360 videos and the best of Vimeo and Twitch livestreams. We'll be adding feature-length movies, new partners, and lots more content to Oculus Video soon.
You'll be able to choose from several standalone experiences, including Jaunt VR, which features hundreds of cinematic stories. You'll also be able to step into Henry and Lost, the first two real-time animated films from Oculus Story Studio, free for a limited time on the Oculus Store.
With Oculus 360 Photos, you can explore over 200,000 incredible destinations. You'll relax on a beach in the tropics, peer over a mountaintop in the Alps, and enjoy amazing scenes from across the universe.
Every Rift comes with Oculus Dreamdeck, a unique set of VR vignettes designed to introduce you to the world of virtual reality. Created using Unreal Engine 4 (UE4), it hints at the adventures you're about to have in Rift.
Get a taste of virtual reality on Rift with Oculus Dreamdeck
Introducing Farlands
We're excited to announce Farlands, a tiny alien world that comes with your Rift. It's a new kind of VR experience created by Oculus that's built with Epic's UE4 and designed for Rift.
Farlands lets players visit a vibrant, otherworldly planet, teeming with exotic life. Explore fantastic landscapes; discover bugs, fish, and plant-life; and build relationships with the alien creatures – all in real time. Each day brings you a new opportunity to discover creatures and explore their habitats.
Take a peek at the Farlands experience:
Oculus PC SDK 1.3 Now Available
The Oculus PC SDK 1.3 is now available on the Oculus Developer Center. The SDK 1.3 includes support for the consumer Rift, Asynchronous Timewarp, native integrations with the latest releases of Unity and Unreal Engine, and more. You can download the SDK here, and read more about building experiences for Rift on our developer blog.
This moment wouldn't be possible without the support of the vast VR community of developers and enthusiasts who've believed in the dream of virtual reality for years. Thank you.
We'll see you in Rift!
– The Oculus Team
On the heels of announcing that it has reached 500 million active monthly users, Instagram says it will soon add a translation feature to its app. Through a post on the image-sharing app, the company announced that within a month, users will be able to translate image captions, comments, and profile bios using a new translation button.
The Facebook-owned social media app will structure its translations similarly to its parent company. When you come across a post you want to translate into a language that isn't your default language, you can hit the "See Translation" button to convert it into the language you've chosen in your profile's language settings. Both Facebook and Twitter have translation features already, so this addition brings Instagram up to par with its competition in that respect. Considering that 80 percent of Instagram's user base lives outside the United States, this feature will likely be welcomed by many.
There's no word on how many languages Instagram will support with the first rollout of this feature. The company does explain on its Help website that if a translation isn't showing up, it might be because the app doesn't currently support that language or couldn't detect the initial language being used. It also warns users that translations may not be available for older posts. The full translation feature should be ready for most users by July. Here's hoping we'll be able to post in Klingon (@arstechnica) by August.
Sam Thompson, left, won Best Director at the Sundance Film Festival this year. Thompson and his team Mikey D'Amico, cinematographer, Davis Rohrer, producer and actor, and actress Katy Luek made the film “SunDANCE,” a five-minute short musical, in one week.
Last month, Samuel Thompson, a West Virginia University senior multidisciplinary studies major from Shamong, New Jersey, brought home The Creative Mind Group the best director award as a part of the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah.
Thompson was selected from among thousands of global entries as one of the eight finalists to participate in The Creative Minds Sundance program. The selection process included the submission of a two-minute film to a panel of industry professionals consisting of independent filmmakers, story-writers, cameramen and other media professionals.
“Sam is such a stellar filmmaker,” said MacKenzie Breeden, administrative manager at The Creative Mind Group. “We love him here at CMG.”
Mikey D'Amico, a former WVU student from Weirton, worked as the cinematographer; Katy Lueck, a New York University graduate was the actress; and Davis Rohrer, a former WVU student and member of the West Virginia Army National Guard from Marlton, New Jersey, served as the team's producer, and performed alongside Lueck in the video.
D'Amico won the best cinematography and Lueck won the best performance for the musical.
Once the team arrived in Utah, they were provided with everything needed to make a five-minute short film in one week. Thompson, chosen as the writer and director, decided to try something different — a musical. In less than a week, the team wrote, filmed, edited and submitted “The SunDANCE,” a coming-of-age story that pits the indie industry against the world of Hollywood.
“As soon as I knew I was selected, I knew I wanted to challenge myself and my team with something none of us have done before. Make a musical,” Thompson said. “Davis, who was chosen as our composer; wrote, performed and recorded all of the music and sound effects. So it's all original lyrics and music.”
“I spent hours carefully crafting every shot, character movement and color palettes,” Thompson said. “The fewest cuts I had, the better. Since it was a transitional period in the character's life, I wanted to emphasize transitions by making sure each one was different and furthered the plot.”
Established in 2004, CMG's mission is to find the next generation of talented film and television professionals and usher them into the entertainment industry by providing international film programs at the world's most prestigious film festivals and markets. The Creative Minds Internship Experience provides college students with an opportunity to work intimately with top-tier film studios, production companies, and media outlets, and the Filmmakers/Directors Lab provides students with a platform to showcase their talents via the creation of short films.
“I am grateful for the support and advice given to me by Dean of Students Corey Farris and funding from SGA,” Thompson said. “Without their help, I would not have been able to raise the $2,200 needed to travel to Utah and participate in the competition. WVU students are fortunate to have University backing and support – support that has the power to change futures and help pursue dreams.”
Thompson's previous film “Do It for the Finger” won a Jury award and editing award in the 2016 Movie Campus MovieFest, the world's largest student film festival, and he has served as an intern at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival and the 2016 Cannes Film Festival in France.
In addition, he was invited and attended last week an independent filmmaker's networking event hosted by Sublime Universal at Robert De Niro's prestigious Tribeca Film Center in Manhattan. The event titled “Catfish Shorts” features a collection of specially selected films for the U.S., United Kingdom and Canada that have strong female involvement in key roles.
The WVU community will have the opportunity to view “The SunDANCE” and other short films created by the WVU trio on Thursday (Feb. 16) from 10 p.m. to 11 p.m. in the Gluck Theatre of the Mountainlair. Thompson, D'Amico and Rohrer will also be on hand to discuss their experiences and answer questions.
The WVU Film Club meets on Mondays at 8 p.m. in the Mountainlair.
The annual Sundance Film Festival is the largest independent film festival in the United States, showcasing new work from American and international independent filmmakers. This year's festival took place January 19-29.
-WVU-
ta/2/15/17
Jason Broadwater, Student Life Communications
jason.broadwater@mail.wvu.edu; 304.293.5811
Follow @WVUToday on Twitter.
Does it matter how many wives the South African president has and whether he is faithful to them? Should we care whether he enjoys dancing semi-naked in a kilt made of animal tails?
Jacob Zuma, the ‘100 percent Zulu boy', is a colourful polygamist with four wives and more than 20 children.
South African artists have portrayed him with his genitals exposed, as an erect penis and with a shower growing out of his head – a reference to his comment that he took a shower after having sex to reduce the chance of contracting HIV.
But, experts warn, his influence upon one of Africa's most progressive countries is deeply corrosive.
He is – once again – shamelessly using tradition and culture to justify sexism in a country where there is an epidemic of violence against women: from the ‘curative' rape of lesbians (to make them straight) to that of babies.
He provocatively brands those who disagree with him unAfrican – a loaded term to use in a country with such an ugly racial past.
“Let us not be influenced by other cultures… Let us solve African problems the African way, not the white man's way,” he saidlast month, accusing those who criticise tradition as “too clever”.
Zuma, who did not go to school until he was jailed on Robben Island in his early 20s, said educated liberal South Africans don't understand who they are.
“If you are not an African, you cannot be a white. Then what are you? What are you? You don't know,” he said, before characteristically switching into Zulu to emphasize his African identity.
Zuma was expressing his support for a bill which would subject 18 million South Africans living in the densely populated former ‘homelands' to traditional courts ruled over by chiefs applying customary law.
They would be compelled to live under this separate justice system, rather than being able to choose, as they can today, to use the civil courts.
Six out of 10 of those who would be affected would be women, often grandmothers and single mothers who rely on pensions and child grants to get by.
Women's rights experts warn the bill could turn back the clock for South Africa's young democracy and undo the gains women have made since the end of apartheid.
BLAMED THE VICTIM
It is a game Zuma has played before.
His controversial use of culture to serve his own political interests dates back to his 2006 trial – in which he was found not guilty – for the alleged rape of a 31-year-old family friend.
He blamed the victim, saying that she was dressed provocatively in a traditional wrap-around kanga which meant that she was sexually aroused.
“In the Zulu culture, you don't leave a woman in that situation [sexually aroused] because if you do then she will even have you arrested and say that you are a rapist,” he told the court.
In other words, she wanted it.
Thembisa Waetjen, who teaches history at the University of KwaZulu-Natal, argues that Zuma sought to show that “culture, in fact, was the real agent on trial.”
He deliberately spoke in Zulu throughout the trial to emphasize the alien nature of the English-style courtroom.
Having a president who emphasises ‘traditional' notions of masculinity and refuses to criticise African cultural practices legitimises such abuses, experts say.
There is a “widespread belief in men's entitlement to women's bodies,” says Nolwazi Mkhwanaz, an anthropology lecturer at the University of Witwatersrand.
Many South African men simply don't see anything wrong with raping women.
One in four admit to being rapists. One in three boys over 11 believe girls enjoy being raped.
“I can't look at him and not think about his dick. He's made his entire identity about this incredibly hyper-sexualised being,” said Nomboniso Gasa, who writes on women's rights.
“I think it's a very dangerous thing… Cultural identity has become the code word for misogyny.”
In Gasa's home province of Eastern Cape, there has been an upsurge in the practice of ukosula, a tradition where young men who come back from being circumcised in the mountains are allowed to have sex with any young woman. Ukosula means “to wipe yourself” in Xhosa.
When Gasa was growing up, there were only two such incidents.
“Now, almost every circumcision season, people's daughters are being used as rags upon which initiates ‘wipe themselves',” she said.
i'm sure almost none of you actually said that, but we all told a lie at one point. Also, It probably wasn't a "good" lie.Liars lie but once it goes in you can't tell what's a lie and what's not. And this manga plays on that element. Follow the characters and see how almost every character lies in some way or another.Art: 7The art could be better but for the overall mood of the manga it works nicely. I'm not an artist so I can't really nag on this. The art was nice but there was no eye-catching moment within it.Character: 9Character? Oh my this has character. The character's were well drawn out and you have these moments in the manga that only work with these characters each scene can't be done without the characters. I mean I loved every character even the villains. I could relate to many of the characters and it was all very interesting. It was just so...real. The characters were all possible inside our world. Except the battles, but all very doable.Enjoyment: 10I loved it, if i had the whole collection and if was all done. I could read the entire thing in about 2 days. And that's saying a lot. I am usually one to read a couple chapters and take a break but I actually read every chapter every piece of dialogue and I don't do that often. So yes It's a definite TENOverall: 9It's a must-read, and I'm sure that you'll like it or even LOVE it. Amazing and compelling I'm surprised that only about 250 people actually included it in their list. I just felt the need to write a review due to the lack of people. If I write a review more people would see it if more people saw it.. More people would read this, and support the author. I'm off to a bookstore now... I needa read more.
WEST FARGO -- Neighborhood kids with water guns are credited with saving a homebound West Fargo resident from a fire Tuesday afternoon, May 31.
According to a release from West Fargo Fire Chief Daniel Fuller:
Firefighters were called to a deck fire at an apartment unit at 3426 5th St. W.
While en route, units were notified that the occupant of the apartment was on home oxygen and could not leave the apartment or put out the fire.
When firefighters arrived, they found the remains of a planter that had caught fire. The flames had extended into the siding and wood decking adjacent to the planter.
The fire was already out, however, and it was later determined that five neighborhood kids saw the fire, alerted the occupant, and then used their water guns to control the blaze before firefighters arrived.
Fuller said in a phone interview Tuesday that the boys and girls are all students at Aurora Elementary School in West Fargo. He said three of the kids live in the same apartment complex and two had joined them for a water fight outside the building. They smelled the smoke and found the fire.
“They had some super soakers, so they had some pretty good range,” Fuller said. “They had to refill a couple of times but they pretty much got the fire out. It was just smoldering when we got there.”
While heading to the fire, Fuller was told neighbors helped extinguish the fire, but he expected the neighbors to be adults.
“I was really surprised,” he said. “It's pretty unusual.”
Fuller said the kids' quick thinking and actions saved the building from extensive fire damage and may have saved the life of the apartment's occupant.
He said the fire is a reminder that smoking materials must be discarded with care, with the proper way being to soak them in water before discarding.
He said smoking materials should never be put out in planters, as most potting soils contain peat moss, a very flammable material.
Jonathan Franzen On Writing: It's An 'Escape From Everything'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Loccisano/Getty Images for HBO Michael Loccisano/Getty Images for HBO
For novelist Jonathan Franzen, writing isn't just an escape from himself, it's an "escape from everything." He tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross: "It's like having this dream that you can go back to, kind of on demand. When it's really going well ... you're in a fantasy land and feeling no pain."
Franzen is the author of five novels, including The Corrections, which won the National Book Award in 2001. He has also written numerous personal essays. The central character of his latest novel, Purity, is "Pip," a recent college graduate who is weighed down by student-loan debt and the desire to know who her father is. When Pip takes a job working for a mysterious WikiLeaks-type website, the novel veers into themes of secrecy, privacy and identity — three issues with which Franzen is very familiar.
"I'm in the business of betraying secrets about myself," Franzen says, reflecting on his personal essays. "There's a wish, I think, to be in an intimate relationship with a readership. ... I'm not going to tell you everything, but I'm going to tell you more than most would tell the world, because that's how trust and intimacy are formed."
Interview Highlights
On the themes of secrecy and privacy in Purity
In a somewhat obsessive way, I gave every main character in the book some kind of secret, yes. Well, here's the thing: Secrets have a different kind of value for a novelist and you don't want to find yourself in the position, as a novelist, of hanging the suspense in a novel on a secret that will be revealed at the end, because, for one thing, nowadays someone could just tell you what the secret is and then, if that's what's driving the whole book, then the whole thing falls apart. But also because it seems like kind of bad faith on the author's part to withhold really important information. It seems like a kind of low-class game to play with the reader. So the secrets are not from the reader; they're from other characters. ... You can get a different kind of suspense going about when will this other person learn that secret or whether that other person will learn that secret, and that's what I did in this case.
Purity by Jonathan Franzen Hardcover, 563 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
On revealing personal stories in his work
I've written a lot of confessional essays. I've written a fairly confessional memoir. ... I'm not going to hold back. The writer is in a weird position because that's not something most people do. Sometimes it begins to verge into a feeling of exhibitionism like, "Why am I feeling compelled to tell this compromising story about my long-dead parents?" It's certainly a question my oldest brother asked me: "Do we really need to hear any more of that?" But I guess I feel like if it's done for a particular purpose, it's OK.
On the guilt that comes with being a writer
There's always a tension over whose story is this. It actually extends outside the intimate relationship. One of the most terrible things I ever received in the mail was a note from the mother of a boy whose death I had described in one of my essays in The New Yorker. And she said it's not like I got the facts wrong, it was that this had been her story and her son and I had somehow taken it, and there was nothing I could do with it, in her mind, that could justify my taking her story. So that is a guilt that you take on as a fiction writer or as a confessional essayist. It's one of the reasons why it's hard to be a writer, frankly.
On deciding whether to become a parent
Around 2005, [2006], [2007], somewhere in there, I was really struggling to write the novel that became Freedom and I was feeling isolated and kind of just lost and thought ... "God, maybe I'm missing something. Maybe the reason I can't write is that I've gotten detached from life. I'm just this kind of inert figure floating toward old age and we should have some kids in our house."
I had been reading [journalist] George Packer about the situation with Iraqi refugees and I knew that the war had orphaned and continued to orphan a lot of kids and I suddenly thought, "We need to adopt some kids so that we have a family and this will give," because it was just too much pressure to just be a writer. I thought, "I come out of family; I want to have a family."
And I was all fired up about this for about six weeks, and then I was talked out of it quickly. I was brought to my senses by my New Yorker editor. ... What my New Yorker editor said was, "Many people can become good parents; not many people can write novels like yours." So what I would've lost [in having kids] was an opportunity to really devote myself to digging ever deeper in my books. I think I would've become a different kind of person, and maybe a better person.
On his feelings about the film The End of the Tour, about his friend, the late writer David Foster Wallace
I had no interest in seeing a movie. Why would I want to see some actor play Dave? Also, I'm very close to Karen, Dave's widow, and I know how hard she and the estate tried to stop the movie. ... The spirit of the movie is just so radically non-consonant with the spirit of Dave's work. ... This was not a movie about him, it was a movie about David Lipsky.
You probably never really thought about this before, and neither had I really until I read about it about a month ago. But it turns out that your eyes are pretty much the least important player in vision. You might be pretty sceptical at this point, so I want you to close your eyes and imagine a boat. Done it? Okay, good, you just saw something without using your eyes!
At this point, you're probably wondering where I'm going with this. ell I'm about to show you how much work has to be put in to be able to see something properly and hopefully you'll realise just how impressive the machinery in-between your ears really is.
First, let's start with how we can go from an array of photoreceptors in the retina to a complex image of the world around us in 3D. First you have the two types of photoreceptors in the primary visual system; rod cells can detect low level light but they do not give very good acuity and they do not give colour vision, cone cells can detect colours and have very good acuity but they need high levels of light intensity. When these photoreceptors detect light, they send a signal to an area called the primary visual cortex (PVC) at the back of your brain, which you can see below.
The primary visual cortex (PVC) sits just at the back of the brain, with much of the occipital lobe devoted to visual processing in some way.
The PVC deciphers the signals that came from your retinas, works out what's in your field of vision and then sends the signals to numerous other places within your brain focused on memory, decision making and anything else that could create your "conscious awareness of the world". This all occurs within around 200 milliseconds, pretty impressive right?
To create a visual representation of our world so quickly, our brains use a number of assumptions about how the world works so that it can take shortcuts. For example, because we want to be good at spotting other humans and also predators our brains are primed to spot these faces everywhere. Because of this face bias, we are prone to seeing faces where the do not really exist (Jesus on your toast, anyone?). If you want to learn more about these assumptions, look up Gestalt psychology.
The assumptions our brains make can sometimes be wrong, I'll put down a few examples below, but we've all got our own favourite visual illusions so please post a link to your favourite in the comments if you like.
This is no photo shop manipulation, but a real room with such a crazy layout that when girls of the same height stand in different corners they appear to be completely different heights. Hint: the bigger girl is higher up and closer to the observer than the smaller girl.
If you look at this mask you'll quickly see that when you look at the back of the mask, it suddenly appears to be pointing out towards you and spinning in the opposite direction.
So now you can see that while it's easy to pick up information, deciphering it requires much more work and we have very sophisticated systems to allow us to create a very vivid and detailed picture of our lives. You really see just how impressive this is when you step away from 2D still images and move on to 3D moving images. Because you're dealing with so much more information with moving images and real life, your brain has to rely on its assumptions and strategies (eg selective attention) even more, which can greatly influence what you notice, try this video below to test out your selective attention abilities.
Here your brain is focusing on one small element in a scene, leading us to miss some pretty obvious goings-on within the rest of the scene. Now this isn't just a clever lab trick or an amusing video, this happens all the time in our daily lives (obviously we don't notice), as you can see from this final clip.
What is out there to be seen and what we actually see are completely different- and they are massively influenced by our consciousness.
If you want to learn a bit more about the neuroscience behind how vision works, this is a good starting point.
Also check out
website for a really great tool that allows you to easily see the power of the visual system.
I hope that I have illustrated the real processing power of the human brain and how easy it can be to understand a little bit more about what is going on behind the scenes in our brains.
Please feel free to comment, share or follow this blog and I'm always open to topic suggestions.
The Naughty Dog developer who drew Nathan Drake's journal entries in Uncharted 4 has picked out her 10 favourite spreads.
There may be spoilers ahead.
I illustrated Drake's journal for #Uncharted4 my fav 10 spreads are on my tumblr (spoilers): https://t.co/Ve1XUeds3O pic.twitter.com/ZW0YFfYHME — Alexandria Neonakis ECCC T10 (@Beavs) June 7, 2016
Drake's journal is a mechanic in all of the Uncharted games. The adventurer uses it to sketch objects, jot down thoughts and house documents. Many of the series' puzzles involve using Drake's journal.
Uncharted 4 has 33 journal entries, each illustrated by Naughty Dog artist Alexandria Neonakis. In a post on her tumblr, she reveals her favourite 10 spreads.
My favourite is the illustration for when Drake reaches into a wall to pull a lever. Very Indiana Jones, that bit, and the journal entry is pretty funny!
I also liked Drake's entry about the impressive pirate engineering he encounters on Libertalia - and his sarcasm about the quality of their bridges.
In a tweet, Neonakis revealed she was inspired by old illustrators such as Robert Fawcett.
Neonakis also did some of the handwriting for handwritten notes you pick up throughout the course of the game.
"I think the coolest part about the whole thing is my young nephew and cousin came to visit me at the studio," she said.
"I was showing them some stuff I worked on and my cousin goes 'so wait... is Nathan Drake's handwriting your handwriting?' I think my cool aunt/cousin status tripled that day hahaha."
Nice work!
Victory takes Charlton up to seventh in the Championship
Neil Lennon suffered his first defeat in charge of Bolton as the Championship strugglers lost at Charlton.
The Trotters won at Birmingham on Saturday in Lennon's first game in charge but fell behind at The Valley when George Tucudean tucked home.
Johnnie Jackson then added a second for the hosts, slotting in from 15 yards.
Dean Moxey pulled a goal back with a low drive, but Bolton could not find an equaliser.
Match facts Charlton are unbeaten in their eight home games in all competitions this season, winning five Bolton have lost six of their nine away games in all competitions this season
Despite the defeat, there were still plenty of positives for Lennon, who replaced Dougie Freedman earlier this month, with Bolton the dominant side for large periods of the game.
Lee Chung-yong and Jermaine Beckford forced Charlton goalkeeper Stephen Henderson into early saves, but the hosts took the lead with their first real chance.
Yoni Buyens spotted Tucudean's run behind the Bolton defence and played a clever ball over the top for the Romanian, who raced towards goal and fired beyond Andy Lonergan.
The Bolton players did not let their heads drop as former Charlton defender Dorian Dervite headed narrowly over from a corner before Beckford missed the ball when in front of goal.
But Charlton doubled their lead early in the second half when Tucudean squared a pass for captain Jackson to slot home.
Moxey gave Bolton hope when he drilled in from the edge of the area, and Dervite came close to heading in a late equaliser, but Charlton held on for the win.
Media playback is not supported on this device Peeters on Charlton v Bolton
Charlton boss Bob Peeters:
"I said at half-time we need to get the second goal and then we can enjoy the game, but it wasn't like that.
"Our back four stood their ground, but it was not good for the heart. I think I aged about 10 years at the end.
"It's strange. When we were 1-0 down at Bournemouth on Saturday there were two minutes of added time and yet whenever we are winning it's five! Are they trying to give me a heart attack?"
Bolton manager Neil Lennon:
"We should have got something, but 'should' doesn't cut it.
"The reaction to going a goal down and two goals down was good, but it would be nice to stop going two goals down.
"The structure, the passing, the movement was excellent, it was just the last bit that was missing. We need to do a bit of work."
Welcome to a weekly grab bag of thoughts and observations from the past few days and/or decades of NHL hockey.
This Week's Three Stars of Comedy
Recognizing the three NHL personalities from around the league who produced the most comedic fodder for fans.
The third star: Gino Reda hugging a llama
Trade deadline day can get a little weird in Canada.
(via BarDown)
The second star: Sergei Gonchar and Olli Jokinen are too old for this
You have to give them credit for honesty. I hear that was an important value when they were growing up in the 1800s.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoJO2n11Fxw
The first star: Robb Tallas counts his blessings
Bullet = dodged.
Next day reality? 1st guy walked off! 2nd guy limped off! 3rd guy would have been carried off! — Robb Tallas (@robbtallas) March 4, 2015
And if you're not sure who Tallas is, meet me in the next section.
Obscure Former Player of the Week
NHL history is filled with legendary players whose stories are passed down from generation to generation. This is not one of them.
This week's obscure player is Jerry Toppazzini, a winger from the '50s and '60s who played for Boston, Chicago and Detroit, and once held the record for shorthanded goals in a season. He was also the last non-goaltender to play net in the NHL, and holy crap we came this close to having another one this week.
Since 1965, the NHL has required all teams to have two goaltenders dressed for each game. You'd have to think that at some point, somewhere, both guys would get hurt in the same game. And in the 50 years since, there have been a handful of cases in which that happened, but the team involved always had a third goaltender available.
But Tuesday night, the Florida Panthers found themselves facing a nightmare scenario that, amazingly, had literally never come to pass before in NHL history: both goalies hurt, and no active goalies available to take their place.
The game was against Toronto, because Lord forbid anything ridiculous happen these days that doesn't involve the Maple Leafs. Roberto Luongo hurt his shoulder in the first and was taken to hospital for tests. Backup Al Montoya hurt something early in the third, and didn't seem able to continue. The result was a surreal scene, as the Panthers scrambled to find somebody to play. Goalie coach Robbie Tallas quickly suited up and took a spot on the bench, but didn't go in. A forward, Derek MacKenzie, also started putting on the gear. Montoya stayed in the game, but could barely move. Once it became clear he had to come out, the Panthers reportedly considered playing the rest of the game — one that was crucial to their playoff hopes — without any goalie at all. It was absolute, unfettered, wonderful chaos.
And then Roberto Luongo ruined everything by making a heroic return and finishing the game. Nobody will ever forgive him. Except for Jerry Toppazzini, whose unique claim to fame lives on.
What Is the Hockey World Pretending to Be Outraged About Now?
Nothing makes hockey folks happier than being outraged about something relatively unimportant. Each week we'll pick one topic fans are complaining about and try to figure out if it's justified.
The issue: During TSN's trade deadline coverage, former NHL coach Ron Wilson told a story about being ordered to lose games by his GM for tanking purposes.
The outrage: But wait, we've all been repeatedly assured that tanking never happens.
Is it justified? Obviously not, since Wilson was just confirming what everyone has always known: Of course organizations tank for better draft picks. And it's worth pointing out that Wilson made it clear that he kept the plan from his players, because again, players don't tank. But GMs do, and now we know that coaches do, too, at least occasionally.
The fun part about Wilson's story was that he meant to keep everything anonymous, but left enough hints that it sure seemed to point to the 1998-99 Capitals. That team had gone to the final the previous year, but was suffering through a rough season and had fallen out of the playoff race, going 2-11 down the stretch. George McPhee was the GM.
And the best part is that the player they (allegedly) tanked for ended up being: last week's Obscure Player of the Week, Kris Beech! What a big week for Kris Beech media coverage. I say we keep it going. Hey, you know how Maple Leafs captain Dion Phaneuf is under fire this week? Here's Kris Beech trucking him.
(Be right back, going to pitch Kris Beech Week to the Grantland editors.)
Trivial NHL-Related Annoyance of the Week
In which I will complain about things that probably matter only to me.
This week, some Sharks fans showed up at a game looking like this:
Some #SJSharks fans in the SAP center parking lot before the game. pic.twitter.com/jBnkBf56q6 — Curtis Pashelka (@CurtisPashelka) March 3, 2015
Now, we could question whether fans of a team that's been good for two decades and is still in the playoff hunt have the right to do the whole “bag on the head” routine, but we'll save that for another day.
Instead, let's tackle a bigger issue: Hockey fans, we all understand what a paper bag over the head means. You do not need to supplement the bag with helpful labels like “Upset Fan.”
And I direct that to hockey fans in general, because amazingly, this is not the first time this issue has come up. Why are fans doing this? It's basically the equivalent of standing up during the game, yelling “BOOOOOOOO!” and then turning to those around you and adding, “I am unhappy with how the team is playing right now.”
You showed up at a sporting event with a bag over your head. We already understand you're upset. It's pretty much a universal symbol. I promise you, none of your fellow fans were going, “Wait, why does that guy have a … [reads text] … oh, now I get it. That was very helpful.”
You're not Shia LaBeouf, hockey fans, and nobody is mistaking you for the Unknown Comic. We get it. Just the bag will do fine.
Awesome and/or Horrific Old YouTube Clip of the Week
In addition to being a great source of adorable pets and functionally illiterate commenters, YouTube is a gold mine for old hockey clips. In this section, we find one and break it down in way too much detail.
Before we get to this week's clip, I wanted to follow up on last week's mention of John Cullen and his neck guard, which I was worried I'd imagined. First of all, no, I was not confusing John Cullen with Joe Mullen; I might not remember which one of my kids is the one with the severe peanut allergy, but I would never confuse a pair of early-'90s NHL forwards. And second, I was right! Sort of. Cullen did wear a neck guard for stretches of his career, although not all the time. Photo evidence can be found here.
Back to our regularly scheduled programming.
This week, much of the talk has been about tanking, and whether certain teams are intentionally trying to lose so that they have a better shot of drafting first. Of course, nothing is guaranteed, because the league has a draft lottery. And the reason it does is that, back in 1993, an NHL team actually admitted to (but then later denied) intentionally losing its last game to get the top pick.
That would be the Ottawa Senators, and the big prize that year was a can't-miss prospect named Alexandre Daigle. And, in what could serve as a cautionary example for some of this year's tanking teams, it didn't work out so well.
• It's June 26, 1993, and we're coming to you from the Colisée in Quebec City. The NHL entry draft has just started, and the Senators are on the clock with the no. 1 overall pick. No doubt this will go well.
• Here's Ottawa GM Randy Sexton — and yes, that is his real name — getting ready to make the pick. He's going to take a while because this is in Quebec, which means he's legally obligated to try to speak French.
• While we wait, let's take a moment to enjoy the tie on the guy behind Daigle. It appears to have people on it. I'm guessing he picked it out while thinking, Ah, who cares, I'm sure I won't be on national TV at any point today.
• Daigle does a decent job of acting surprised and starts hugging his family, which apparently consists of his parents, a few siblings, and a giant silver post that I guess we're going to pretend is not out of place at all.
• Yes, we all hear you, Annoying Whistle Guy.
• We get a look at Daigle's numbers on a screen that's apparently brought to us by Apple. The company would later use Daigle's career as the model for one of its most popular products, the iPhone It In.
• “What kind of player is Alexandre Daigle?” asks our analyst, whose name I won't reveal because I like him and feel a duty to protect his identity. “Part Pat LaFontaine” is the first answer. Well, OK, obviously Daigle didn't end up matching LaFontaine's career, but that's not a terrible comparison. Could have been worse, right? Oh wait, we're not done.
• “He's got a lot of Joe Sakic … ” OK, maybe pump the brakes just a little.
• “But he's also got the fire in his eyes like Rocket Richard … ” The brakes don't work! We're careening out of control! Open the door and dive out of the car — it's our only hope!
• (Don't worry if you hurt yourself doing that. I'm sure there's a nurse nearby.)
• Now we get the usual post-pick interview, in which Daigle thanks his family. Here's a fun bit of trivia: Notice the kid behind him, fanning himself with his program. That's actually a 5-year-old Jonathan Toews, who was at the draft to support his cousin, Nolan Pratt. Toews himself, of course, would be drafted 13 years later.
• “He's not the next Wayne Gretzky; he's not the next Mario Lemieux,” says our analyst, as Daigle makes his way to the stage. We then presumably edit out the next 45 minutes, and rejoin the broadcast right after he gets to “He's not the next Orest Kindrachuk.”
• That's quite enough, thanks, Annoying Whistle Guy.
• Daigle pulls on his new Senators jersey, which already has his actual number, 91, instead of the more traditional draft year. Man, the history of players who wore 91 is an interesting list. You've got a bunch of future Hall of Famers Like Fedorov, Tavares, Stamkos, and Seguin. You've also got Daigle, Montreal-era Scott Gomez, and Edmonton-era-the-second-time Mike Comrie. Not much middle ground there.
• By the way, I made up that part about that kid being Toews. Just wanted to test my “every 5-year-old could pass for a young Jonathan Toews” theory. You were on board, weren't you? I knew it.
• Our closing shot is of a triumphant Daigle saluting the crowd, then pounding his fist over his heart. We cut away before concerned Senators executives can ask, “Hey, why did that just make a hollow sound?”
Daigle went on to be a disappointment in Ottawa, never coming close to living up to his pre-draft hype. He's widely considered one of the great draft busts, playing 10 lackluster seasons for six teams. In one of the great-draft-busts deals of all time, he was once traded for Pat Falloon.
The scouts and analysts who thought they were looking at a can't-miss franchise player weren't the only ones who made a bad call that day. Moments after being drafted, Daigle infamously told reporters he was happy to be picked first “because no one remembers number two” The no. 2 pick in that year's draft: Yeah, he turned out to be pretty memorable.
Have a question for Sean? Want to suggest an obscure player or a classic YouTube clip? Send all your grab bag-related emails to nhlgrabbag@gmail.com.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
You won't see mechanics marching in ticker-tape parades like whoever wins the Super Bowl on Sunday, but as drivers, we scored a quiet victory earlier this month. A total of 23 automakers and thousands of independent garages and chain shops, after a 13-year legal fight over access to manufacturer repair tools, have called a truce. The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, Association of Global Automakers, and two aftermarket groups signed a memorandum agreeing to a “Right to Repair.” Now, when the airbag sensor on your Volvo S80 fails, you can choose whether to drop $1000 at a franchised dealer or your favorite shop; and if you choose the latter, the automaker can't force you to complete the work at a dealer.
Word for word, the MOU is nearly identical to the Right to Repair bill signed in to Massachusetts law in November. It stipulates that automakers must make the same diagnostic and repair tools—specifically, the computerized tools essential to working on modern cars—available to independent shops as they are to dealers. They'll have to offer aftermarket repair tools through licensed suppliers and ensure they're sold on “fair and reasonable terms.”
Beginning in model year 2018, all automakers will be required to use one standard, non-proprietary interface for mechanics to plug into the car and read its service data, such as with an Ethernet or USB connection. Information to reset engine immobilizers and other factory electronic security systems must be available via an encrypted network (which, in most cases, is already widely used). And if automakers refuse to comply or their prices go sky high, a five-member panel representing both sides can be summoned to resolve the dispute. In return for these gestures, repair shops have agreed to quit lobbying for a federal “Right to Repair” law—which has been stalled in the House of Representatives since 2011—and convince other states such as New Jersey to kill similar bills.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“A patchwork of 50 differing state bills, each with its own interpretations and compliance parameters doesn't make sense,” said Mike Stanton, president of Global Automakers. “This agreement provides the uniform clarity our industry needs and a nationwide platform to move on.”
The agreement only applies to model year 2002 vehicles and newer. Motorcycles, heavy-duty vehicles with a gross vehicle weight rating over 14,000 pounds, and RVs are exempt. But while it sounds great on paper, the MOU isn't a law. Unless automakers are forced into a Massachusetts court, there's no punitive way to enforce a voluntary agreement. It's not even considered valid until all 23 automakers, not their respective trade groups, sign individual letters agreeing to comply.
“We definitely want pledges from each automaker,” Aaron Lowe, a vice president for the Automotive Aftermarket Industry Association, told Car and Driver. “It's a big step to drop this legislative battle.”
To their credit, most automakers have provided independent shops with all the necessary repair tools for many years, including full access to their internal factory websites. But mechanics and those who track the aftermarket say that while many automakers like Hyundai, Toyota, and Ford are transparent with repair information, the German brands and Honda, in particular, have not been as open. Often times, outside shops can complete most of the repair on, say, a fuel sensor, but will get hung up by security codes that only a dealership can activate. Without the code, the work is rendered useless.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“That last 1 percent prevents the job from being completed,” said John Nielsen, managing director for automotive engineering at AAA, which has lobbied on behalf of a national “Right to Repair” bill. “I don't think this is a question between independent shops and dealers. Choice is fundamental in our economy.”
AAA doesn't think the agreement has gone far enough. In the MOU, only dealerships can fix navigation systems, telematics services such as OnStar, or “any other service integrating vehicle location technology and wireless communications,” which can easily be construed to exclude outside repairs on infotainment systems. While the original Massachusetts bill had no mention excluding telematics services from repairs, automakers successfully lobbied to include it on the final version, something AAA says will block car owners from receiving critical data about their car's performance.
“When you look at where telematics is going, you can start to diagnose problems before they occur,” Nielsen said. “That's really the future of repair.”
Since the Massachusetts law and this MOU are too fresh, we're not sure yet if all automakers are making good on their words. But as we've seen elsewhere, self-regulation that purports to protect consumers—such as the murky privacy policies adopted by software companies—often brings no punitive consequences against companies that look the other way. If one of our long-term cars breaks down, we may see for ourselves.
Firstly, I'd like to thank you for reading past the title and at least entertaining the idea that a ginseng or S-curve ficus could be a suitable piece of material for bonsai.
I recently wrote a piece (here) that shows what type of growth one could get out of this material.
Most people enjoyed it but two people in particular did not. I don't think these two ever read the post past the title or they would have seen the difference between the raw material and what a little growing out can do.
One curmudgeon is from the US and has been in the bonsai community for many years. He's at the point (after being involved in the many clubs and organizations around the world) where his life experiences dictates what advice or techniques he might share with a novice or intermediate.
The other bonsai-ist has been practicing (I'm sorry, practising) bonsai many years and seems set in his vision and styling of trees; anything new or different is hard for him to accept. Any variations in plant materials beyond what he sees in his neighborhood are baffling and It's hard for him to envision a tree shape in, say, a ficus or portulacaria.
Both of these men have made names for themselves and have been in bonsai for a long while.
We see these types of people all the time in clubs; their catchphrases are “why do you want to waste your time on ________ when there's so much better material out there” or “don't waste your time on seeds/cuttings/seedlings, save your money for something bigger/better/older”
You know the type of people I'm talking about.
It's almost as though they've reached a second “Age of Disbelieving”.
Either that or their perspective is, been there, done that, I'm older than you so I know best.
I'm here to tell you, it's neither age nor training nor eminence (or even imminence for that matter; meaning the hot new artist on the block) that bequeaths artistic vision. It's an open mind. If an artist rejects, out of hand, a piece of material, then he or she may only be a craftsman. Not an artist.
Lets proceed then, whaddayasay?
This tree, near as I can tell, was a ginseng ficus.
This tree was the subject of an earlier blogpost (click me!) and the tree looked like this
And ended up like this
This was done at the end of July 2012. I would say that my operation was a success (it is April 2013). The trunk has thickened, copious branching has occurred, and I now have something to work with.
At the chop zones the number of branches is impressive.
This step in the process will be a matter of simplifying the tree, bringing the shoots at any one area to one or two, and some wiring.
The first step is always the roots.
You can see the original buttress that has the “ginseng” characteristic.
Let's talk about my theory a bit.
There's a nursery in Vero beach that is world famous for ficus bonsai. The man who ran the place for many years and I were talking recently. He has been raising seedling ficus for a several year now and he agrees with me that the so-called “ginseng” ficus is just a seedling f. microcarpa. I feel somewhat vindicated.
In Florida, when growing ficus, we get aerial roots. There are those who hate them. And those who love them.
My opinion is that if a tree puts them down, keep them.
But we do have to arrange them from time to time. This is art, after all.
Like this
Can you see it?
Here
Remove it
Arrange it and plant it again
And I do this around the tree.
Next I clean out unwanted branching
And like I said, it will be a simplifying of the shoots to one or two at each spot I need a branch.
Next is wire and branch placement.
But first, lets talk about the dreaded S-curve ficus.
Usually the variety is ficus microcarpa “retusa”. Some common names you may hear are: tiger bark, keman, kingman, golden gate.
They are a good ficus to use as the internode spaces are short, the leaf is smaller and thicker than the regular f. microcarpa and they grow fast.
Here are two I picked up recently.
These are the bigger size.
As they grow the curve softens. The original trees probably looked like this
What is my vision for these two trees?
I bought them for the bases.
I'll chop them here
And regrow new tops on them.
They will be a subject of an upcoming post on airlayering.
One tree I'll just chop and make a cutting. The other I'll airlayer. I've never airlayered a ficus because they don't generally need it, a cutting this size is easy. But I'm curious to see what kind of results I'll get. Stay tuned for that.
This tree was an S-curve that was chopped and regrew.
The original trunk was like this
I did not do the trunk chop on this but it's where I would have done it.
This was from a batch I got really inexpensively at a nursery that has declined recently. As a result, I've had to nurse it back to health a bit. This year will be its main growth year.
The next S-curve is one I got years ago (maybe 5 or 6 years) and I paid too much. Having buyers remorse, I set it aside in a bigger pot and ignored it.
It began to get reverse taper (or inverse, or obverse. Adverse? I'm so confused!!!)
So I cut it back once and let it grow.
Here it is now
Not much of an S-curve left to it, is there? It's probably 2/3rds bigger than when I got it.
Lets do a play-by-play
The red line was the original curve.
The yellow line was where I cut back from the reverse taper (which is healed over already)
And the purple arrows show where aerial roots have grown down, erasing the curve.
I plan on chopping it this year to start its way on becoming a bonsai.
And here is the tree that caused all the ruckus:
And this tree has a “ginseng” quality to it
I did a post on this one here.
But this tree, well, it is also ginseng ficus.
Just add about 15 years
And a baseball.
The story of this one was chronicled last here
It has the same leaf shape, same bulbous trunk quality, same long internodes. If it looks, acts, and smells like…it must be.
Enough digression-
Back to our main subject methinks.
All wired
Styled, side view
You'll notice how I filled in the spaces. This tree will be a banyan style.
The front
The branches are pretty thin and spindly; they will grow. There are some empty spots as well
The thing is, this is how it's done. If you grow a ficus bonsai (or any tree) you have to have the vision for the tree and what it will look like 10 years from now.
This, my friends, is the challenge and the difficulty that I, as an artist, seek.
If I wanted something easy I'd be using juniper. Seriously. The juniper is hard for beginners (because they use such little sticks) but its the easiest tree as an advanced bonsai-ist. You might trim it twice a year, wire it once every two years or so. Keep it outside in all temperatures and the hardest thing; water it.
And when you style one,it has a very “tree-like” look already. One only needs to arrange the branching and everyone thinks you're a magician.
A ficus is WORK, wire, un wire, wire, trim, cut, chop, repot, every year. Etc.
keep out if frosts, freezing, aphids, rust, thrips,whitefly…………ahhhhhhhhrrrrrggghhh!
So, since I'm claiming to be an artist and that I have vision, where do I think this tree will be in, say, ten years?
Here it is now
And here is what I see when I look at it.
Really. I do.
Well, the aerial roots are extravagant but, hey, they look cool.
Right?
As always, I'll post updates etc.
Update 3/21: After the publication of this post, Baileys announced their original formulation contained beeswax – which would not make the product vegan – however, the company has since released an all vegan version, read about it here.
Great news, Green Monsters, if you like your cocktails creamy, things are about to get a whole lot easier. Baileys, famous for their coffee-flavored liqueur, has just introduced an entirely new vegan liqueur made from almond milk! Yup, you heard that right, now you can make all of the Irish Car Bombs and White Russians you want! The new product, “Almande,” blends the nutty flavor of almond milk with real vanilla to create a deliciously creamy and incredibly versatile drink.
Advertisement
So, why has Baileys decided to launch this product suddenly? Well, while the company hasn't issued an official statement revealing the motivation for their decision, but just one look at the booming plant-based food and beverage sector should give you an inkling. Currently at $3.5 billion with an 8.7 percent growth rate, the plant-based food industry is the sector to invest in nowadays. And, unsurprisingly we are seeing more companies jump on the bandwagon every month.
Considering Baileys is already known for their creamy drinks and simply had to sub out regular milk for almond to make this product, it was kind of a no-brainer. Plus, the company is also clearly capitalizing on the recent shift in consumers attitudes toward their foods and beverages. While in the past, soda and sugary drinks reigned supreme, nowadays people want foods and drinks they can feel good about putting in their body. Of course, alcohol is not exactly a kale smoothie, but the fact of the matter is that for people, alcohol is an indulgence regardless of the diet they follow on a day-to-day basis. And if they're going to indulge anyway, at least this cocktail is healthier than say, a strawberry daiquiri or a Red Bull Vodka.
Of course, Bailey's is also appealing to the allergen-prone consumer as well as people who are generally trying to leave dairy out of their routine. And with 36 percent of consumers actually preferring milk alternatives, catering to this type of consumer is not just considerate, it's a smart business move.
At the surface, this may not seem like the most groundbreaking launch in terms of vegan products, but in many ways it is.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As Nil Zacharias, Co-Founder of One Green Planet has said, “A whole new food ecosystem is rising, driven by companies that are not only responding to consumer demand by offering more plant-based options but are in fact accelerating this shift in food habits by introducing innovative new products to the market. The first page in the story that will propel us into the future of food, dominated by sustainable, plant-based products is being written today.”
Bailey's and Ben & Jerry's, who launched their vegan ice cream products last year, are huge companies. They make enough money that, if they really wanted to, they could completely ignore the demand for dairy-free products, and probably do just fine. However, the fact that they do see an opportunity in this market and they realize that to ignore this market would be to ignore a new wave of consumers is incredibly important. If we are going to reshape the food system, we need to hit every market, from health food right down to indulgences like alcohol.
Advertisement
Image source: Baileys
The new MySpace Music service launched in the US on Friday There will be an "exodus" of music artists from MySpace in a row over the website's new music download service, a record label boss has warned. Independent record labels have cried foul after failing to reach a deal for their acts to appear on MySpace Music. "MySpace has been floundering lately already, and people have been moving toward Facebook and so on," said Tom Silverman, boss of Tommy Boy Records. MySpace said in a statement it remains "committed" to independent music acts. "We believe that all artists will be able to enjoy the benefits longer term. In the meantime we invite and welcome discussion with artists, labels and independent representatives at any time," it added. MySpace has joined forces with the four major record labels for their stars to appear on the service. But many in the independent sector feel that much of MySpace's success has been built on the presence of new and indie acts. That has led Mr Silverman, who signed De La Soul, Queen Latifah and Coolio, to comment that "our lovers were cheating on us". "Now we need to hire a great divorce lawyer," he told the Los Angeles Times. He added that the latest developments would "accelerate the exodus" of acts from the site. Top destination MySpace is widely seen as the top destination for new and established artists to showcase their songs and keep in touch with fans. An estimated five million acts have MySpace pages. The new ad-funded service, which has just launched in the US, lets MySpace members listen to streamed tracks for free or download them through partner site Amazon.com. MySpace continually states that it is embracing the independents - it's a pretty listless and cold embrace
Bob Frank
Koch Records The four major labels have been given a stake in the new site and the independent labels want a similar deal. They say that is not currently the case, although MySpace said it had provided everyone with the "same opportunities". The indie labels include Beggars Group, which has Radiohead, MIA and Vampire Weekend on its roster. Beggars chairman Martin Mills said: "We believe that independent music and artists are worth every cent as much as that of the majors, and will not be supporting this potentially exciting new service until we see fair play." Other companies not signed up include Domino, home of the Arctic Monkeys and Franz Ferdinand, as well as rock label Epitaph, dance hothouse Warp and Koch, the largest independent label in the US. 'Similar terms' Koch president Bob Frank said: "Our issue is not with the majors having equity, but with MySpace believing that we would accept this without similar terms. "MySpace continually states that it is embracing the independents. It's a pretty listless and cold embrace." Indie rights body Merlin is negotiating for its 12,000 labels, which have a 9% share of the US music market - roughly the same as the smallest major, EMI. In a statement when the service launched, MySpace said: "We have offered Merlin a relationship that provides the same opportunities to Merlin's labels and artists that we have provided to all labels and artists." A UK version of MySpace Music is expected to launch in early 2009.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
The Queen of Scots was a French girl and her name was not Mary: it was Marie!
By Linda Root
Marie Stuart is not the same persona as Mary Tudor (Mary I of England) who historians sometimes call Bloody Mary: Nor is she the same person as Mary Tudor, Henry VIII's favorite sister who was briefly queen consort of France but never a queen in her own right. The confusion would not have occurred but for the insistence of contemporary historians that the Queen of Scots be given the English name of Mary, a politically motivated misnomer. Her father James V of Scotland died when she was six days old and the Scottish influence on her childhood died with him. Her mother Marie of Guise had been in Scotland for four years when he died. The House of Guise had a mixed Franco-Germanic heritage which they traced to Charlemagne. Following French assumption of suzerainty over Lorraine, Guise scions were French princes. They were as powerful as they were arrogant and looked upon Scotland as a Provence with bad weather.
The Queen of Scots was at least as French as her mother, who had been educated in Joinville under the tutelage of her devoutly religious mother Antoinette de Bourbon, who dressed as a nun and wore a cilice. The Queen of Scots was schooled in the royal nursery at Saint Germain-en-Laye, her curriculum dictated by queen consort Catherine de Medici and the king's mistress Diane de Poitiers. Her education was identical to the one received by Catherine's daughters, princesses Elisabeth and Claud. Their tutors were renaissance scholars. Diane was a patroness of the arts and a fashion icon, an ideal role model for a future queen.
Assertions of historians that Marie Stuart spoke no French when she arrived in France at age five seem implausible. Traditionally, young Scottish monarchs lived at Stirling, but Marie Stuart remained in her mother's French-speaking household until she was five. The Dowager's advisers were the Frenchmen de Thermes and d'Oysel, and her household staff and ladies-in-waiting were predominantly French. It is disingenuous to believe that she spoke Scots to her infant daughter when she barely knew it herself.
When the queen was five she was sent to France to evade an English army scouring Scotland in hopes of hauling her to a forced betrothal to Edward VI. Before she sailed, she was affianced by proxy to the four-year-old dauphin. Hers was not a flight into an unfamiliar world. Scottish aristocrats were often educated at the Sorbonne. France granted dual citizenship to Scots. Fashion at the Scottish court was French. Marie of Guise consulted Diane de Poitiers on her wardrobe. Three of the four Scottish girls selected to accompany Marie to France—the Four Maries– had French mothers. Even they were hustled to a convent school in Poissy and the other Scots were sent packing. Any trace of Scottishness that Marie retained was systematically eradicated. Below is a note she wrote to her mother when she was seven. Voila! It is a note written by a French girl.
The assertion that Marie Stuart was an unhappy child who was abused by Queen Catherine and corrupted by Diane de Poitiers is a construct of historians who wish to cast Marie Stuart as a perennial victim. Henri II doted on the charming child slated to become his daughter-in-law, and neither of the two women competing for his affections would have dared abuse or malign her. It is more likely that she played them off against each other. She learned poetry from Ronsard and history from Brantome, but her ability to manipulate those around her came from her uncle Charles. In addition to being Christendom's second most powerful prelate, he was the richest man in France. His position as his niece's mentor insulated her from exploitation by all but her uncle's.
It benefited the king's dynastic plan for his son to have a perfect wife. Francois stuttered and his nose ran constantly. Having Marie at his side was a necessary accouterment. The wedding went forward in 1558, in hopes that Francois's testicles would eventually descend into his scrotum and the dynasty would be saved. Meanwhile, illusion was enough. Unfortunately, in the autumn the new dauphiness misstepped, and it was her uncles and Henri who tripped her.
To understand the interplay between the Tudor and Stuart dynasties, forget what you remember of The Tudors and Cate Blanchett's portrayals of Elizabeth. The acting and sets are better than the history. In spite of myriad novels and movies, Marie Stuart and Elizabeth Tudor never met. Do not waste time puzzling over how Great Harry's sister Margaret who wed and smothered the wizened King of Portugal fits into this: No such person existed. The real Margaret Tudor was Henry VIII's impetuous older sister whom he shunted to Scotland to marry James IV before she did something outrageous. Her firstborn, prophetically named James, became James V a year later when his father died at Flodden. In 1542 he became Marie Stuart's father. Having suffered a military rout at Solway Moss and the unwanted gift of a daughter when he needed a son, he muttered something cryptic about ‘it started with a lass and is ending with a lass', turned to face the wall and died.
The real Margaret Tudor was Marie Stuart's grandmother. She was also the grandmother of Marie Stuart's second husband Darnley, son of Lady Margaret Douglas, child of Margaret‘s tempestuous second marriage to Archibald Douglas. Sixteenth century royals made a habit of marrying their cousins, which kept the Pope busy signing dispensations but did little to enhance the bloodlines. As a closet Catholic, Margaret Douglas was Mary Tudor's favorite cousin, the Catholic choice to become her heir. But Mary declined to override her father's Will. The crown passed to Protestant Elizabeth.
Next, Marie Stuart ventured onto the political stage and tripped. Her uncles and Henri insisted that since Elizabeth was both bastard and heretic, the Queen of Scots was England's rightful queen. Seduced by the idea, Marie began quartering the English arms alongside those of France and Scotland. She was either deplorably naïve or as overreaching as her uncles. The pope ruled for Elizabeth. Marie Stuart had taken her first stumble on the path to Fotheringhay.
The Queen of Scots Became Queen of France Literally By Accident
In the summer of 1559, after years of war Europe was at peace. The court was celebrating the Treaty of Cateau-Cambresis in a series of tournaments at La Tournelles. Late in the final day of jousting, Henri neglected to lower his visor and Gabriel Montgomerie's lance entered his forehead near his eye. Before nightfall , Catherine sent Diane packing. A few days later, Henri died. Marie Stuart was the French queen consort and immature Francois was king. Catherine allied herself with the Guises and rode to the Louvres in the same coach as the new queen while Francois II paraded beside the Duke of Guise. Marie Stuart had attained the status she had dreamed of since childhood, and the Guises ruled France.
Marie Stuart's time as a French Queen Consort did not last long:
Under the Salic law that prevailed in France, women could not ascend the throne. Marie Stuart never reigned there. Assertions that she controlled her husband and thus ruled France are misguided. Her uncles controlled them both. They governed while the young royals amused themselves by hunting the white stag. Enemies of the ultra-Catholic Guises plastered Paris with posters asking “Ou est le roi?”
In the spring of 1560 the anti-Guise faction launched a plot to free Francois from his wife's relatives. But too many conspirators were involved and the plan was leaked to Catherine. The assault against the vacationing royals at Amboise ended in a rout. A grisly purge of anyone with a link to the rebels followed. The Loire ran red with the blood of peasants whose only sin was giving water to a soldier. Marie watched the executions from a gallery window. Each day's slaughter was followed by fireworks and water sports until the court was forced to move to Chenonceau to avoid the stench of rotting corpses hanging from the battlement.
There was brief rejoicing when Marie missed a menses and began wearing a smock, but is been as illusory as Mary Tudor's false pregnancies. Apparently the queen was still a virgin. The smock was discarded and the dynastic aspirations of the Guises soon followed. After hunting in a mild snowstorm, Francois developed an ear infection that migrated to his brain. He died in December of what doctors called 'brain fever.' His mother left his deathbed long enough to convene the Estates General. The king died that night and on the following day the second son of the woman Marie Stuart scornfully called ‘the Italian shopkeeper's daughter' became Charles IX and the shopkeeper's daugher was named his Regent. The Guises retired to Joinville.
The Queen's return to Scotland was a last resort:
She spent the next five years trying to regain the status she lost when Francois died. Her quest began in Europe as she shopped for a husband of similar rank. Her first choice was Don Carlos of Austria, the Spanish Infante, Philip's son to his first wife and double cousin Maria of Portugal. Carlos was not only physically deformed: he was mentally ill. His homicidal outbursts were aimed at Philip who had no desire to let him breed. Besides, Philip had promised Catherine to nix any marriage that might weaken the position of Marie's old friend, his consort Elisabeth Valois, who was pregnant.
Charles IX was another possibility. The nine-year-old was infatuated with his pretty sister-in-law. Catherine made short shrift of that. She had no desire to reinstate her condescending daughter in law just when she was rid of her. Disconsolate Marie visited her grandmother, and her uncles snubbed her. After her half brother Lord James Stewart arrived to entice her to Scotland to assume personal rule, they thawed. Having Scotland in their clutches was better than nothing.
When the queen's flagship entered Leith harbor ahead of schedule, there was no one to greet it.. The convoy carrying her livery, horses and household goods had been confiscated by Elizabeth. The queen requisitioned a burgess's house to rest and wash, and then set out for Edinburgh on a borrowed horse. The exceptionally tall female rider with porcelain skin and auburn hair attracted a crowd that followed her to Holyrood. That night they serenaded her from the courtyard. Her apartments at Holyrood were not ready for her arrival, and neither were the Scots.
…On that note, her reign began
Linda Root is a former homicide prosecutor and the author of four historical novels set in Marie Stuart's Scotland. Root lives in Yucca Valley, California with husband Chris and two mixed giant Alaskan Malamutes Maxx and Maya. Her fifth book of the series, 1603: The Queen's Revenge, is scheduled for release in early 2014. Check out the first four in the series by clicking on the following links: The First Marie and the Queen of Scots, The Last Knight and the Queen of Scots, The Midwife's Secret: The Mystery of the Hidden Princess, and The Other Daughter: the Midwife's Secret II.
Advertisements
Real Madrid No new additions before market closes
After training on Saturday morning at Valdebabas, Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane faced the media to talk about Sunday's game against Valencia, and admitted he doesn't want another striker to come in before the transfer window closes.
Raphael Varane didn't join the session and Zidane has ruled him out of the match at the Estadio Santiago Bernabeu.
"Varane wants to play, but he has something injury wise," he began.
"I do not want to risk him even if there is no Sergio [Ramos] nor [Jesus] Vallejo.
"The health of the footballer matters more to me."
Though Real and enjoying spectacular success at present, thanks to a continuous high level of performance, Zidane doesn't want his charges resting on their laurels.
"Winning one day doesn't mean that the next game will be easy," he continued.
"We have to keep this winning mentality."
Finally, the Frenchman was asked about more signings before the window closes, particularly in attack, and his response was emphatic.
"I do not want another striker," he said.
"I'm counting on Mayoral and I'm going to give him all year because he's a player that can help us when we need him.
"For him it's a year to learn and be ready when he has the opportunity to play."
Greetings Citizen,
The RSI website received a well-deserved update today with the addition of the new ship pages and browser. This update means a big change to the store, which is now easier to use and more friendly to new backers who aren't as familiar with Star Citizen. It also lays down the proper framework to expand how we present ships at the RSI site. Instead of a single page of ship stats, each spacecraft now has its own detailed page with artwork and a holoviewer (where available.) You'll be able to follow the development of our ships through these tools… or just admire the ones you own!
Every ship's specifications page has been updated and is now ‘data driven,' making it easier for the web team to update quickly. Ships with 3D models are now available in the holoviewer and we've added 350 new in-engine screenshots and 1,500 ship data points to the site!
Finally, this update is also the first step towards the Galactapedia, which will tie in to the website's ships specs and other aspects of the game.
Britain is being accused of being the "dirty man of Europe" after new research showed that, of the world's top 300 companies, more than half of those most engaged in carbon-polluting sectors were based in the UK.
A review of Europe's top 300 companies by the ethical investment consultant Eiris found that the greatest proportion of those with "very high impact" in relation to global warming came from the UK, more than double the number from any other country.
Of those companies in the top 300 dedicated to solving or mitigating the problems of climate change, only 3% were located in Britain. Eiris's findings come at a time when BP, one of the UK's best-known companies, has attracted bad publicity worldwide over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
A spokesman for Eiris said that its review was "worrying from a consumer point of view but also from an investment perspective". He added: "It is particularly alarming for pension funds and other long-term investors as climate change rises up the political agenda."
The greater exposure of UK plc to risk from climate change largely stems from the number of big oil and mining companies that dominate the FTSE 100 index in London.
Greenpeace said that the Eiris research was a "shameful" indictment of the UK, which had failed to build up a low-carbon business sector despite much political rhetoric.
Ben Stewart, a spokesman for the environmental campaign group, said: "It seems Britain is still the dirty man of Europe. These figures will shame the succession of ministers who promised Britain would be at the forefront of developing clean tech.
"As things stand, our economy is poorly placed to benefit from this century's inevitable shift to low-carbon industry, while Germany looks well-positioned to gain from first-mover advantage."
Eiris estimates that 41% of the top 300 companies in Britain and Europe have a significant impact on global warming, either directly from their operations or through the products they manufacture.
However, there was some good news to come out of the survey. More than 60% of companies with a high or very high impact on the environment have put in place measures under which executive remuneration is in some way linked to the company's carbon emission reductions.
More than half of all companies in the most polluting brackets have some kind of long-term carbon reduction targets in place, although Eiris notes that concrete action is harder to find.
French and German companies in the top 300 are at the forefront among those providing solutions to climate change. The consultancy does, however, point out that many British businesses may be excluded from the ranking because they are smaller.
In fact, the UK government has led initiatives to limit climate change, publishing the low carbon transition plan and introducing a carbon reduction commitment energy efficiency scheme, as well as a feed-in tariff scheme, promoting clean energy production in the home.
In the 1980s, the UK was described by Scandinavian countries as "the dirty man of Europe" because of high emissions of sulphur dioxide from industrial power plants, which exported acid rain across the Baltic.
I will wait for you until I am 35
General Information
Arthur Nankang Born May 26, 1980 Death March 9, 2008 Year Released 2006 Translator Daisy Additional Edits Asakurasol
Background
Originally published in Chinese in 2006, this short story details the Nankang's painful break up experience with his boyfriend of 7 years. The story is written in the first-person perspective.
Roughly two years after the story was published, Nankang went missing on March 9, 2008. His body was found in the Shuen River weeks later. He died at age 28.
Contribute
The current version is a work in progress. If you find any grammar/spelling/translation errors please contact me at @asakurasol on Twitter. If you liked the book please add a review or send the story to someone who might appreciate it.
Trick or Treat: The Halloween Party IS BACK!
Why go to a Halloween Party when you can go to THE Halloween party!
The Halloween Party for lovers of Halloween will return to its Wise Hall roots on Saturday Oct 28th 2017. There's always something new up our sleeves and this year we're trying a bit of a theme: Classic Horror!
From two of Vancouver's most notorious hauntrepreneurs comes the wickedest Halloween Party this side of Salem. Our team of freaks, geeks and monsters are working overtime to bring you the best Halloween experience Vancouver has to offer.
Did you make an amazing costume? Are you wondering where all the most devoted ghouls and ghosts are going to be strutting their stuff this Halloween Night? Wanting to continue the magic of the Parade of Lost Souls? If you have an unhealthy love of Jack-O-Lanterns then we are the party for you! This is no club night. This is a Halloween Party! And we do it like no one else.
Oh did I mention the costume contest? A REAL costume contest judged by industry professionals who want to be scared! So bring your best, your scariest, your most amazing costume and we will shower you with CASH, gifts, and sticky pumpkin spice glory. Win the coveted Golden Skull Trophy and some of our $1031. Plus there will be gift cards, drink tickets and other prizes to be one.
Music! Burlesque! THE BEST COSTUME CONTEST IN VANCOUVER! Also any number of acts, games and other (un)pleasant surprises along the way.
Come join your genial host Aleister Crane as we celebrate HALLOWEEN!
– A spooky and fun night full of tricks and treats with DJs playing Halloween favourites and a spooky twist of party music.
– Magic, Burlesque and other thrilling performances
– Decorations and lighting by professionals from Vancouver's film and TV industry
– Costume contest with $1031 in cash
– Contests, surprises and more!
Advertisements
A series of pings detected in the southern Indian Ocean and originally believed to have come from missing Malaysia Airlines jet MH370 are now thought to have been emitted from either the searching ship itself or equipment used to detect the pings, a US Navy official says.
Michael Dean, the US Navy's director of ocean engineering, told CNN that authorities now believed the four acoustic pings at the centre of the search off the West Australian coast did not come from the missing passenger jet's black boxes, but from a "man-made source".
Specialists prepare to deploy the towed pinger locator on the Australian vessel Ocean Shield. Credit:Reuters
"Our best theory at this point is that (the pings were) likely some sound produced by the ship ... or within the electronics of the Towed Pinger Locator," Mr Dean told CNN on Wednesday.
"Always your fear any time you put electronic equipment in the water is that if any water gets in and grounds or shorts something out, that you could start producing sound."
Producer Erik Rutan (Hate Eternal, ex-Morbid Angel, duh) had a hat trick (a hate trick?) with the last three Cannibal Corpse albums — 2006's Kill, 2009's Evisceration Plague, and last year's Torture — which, if you ask me, are three of the legendary death metallers' finest recordings. And I know a lot of fans who think they also represent a creative renaissance of sorts for CC… not that they ever fell into a Metallica-sized slump, but I think there are people who really didn't get on board with the Corpsegrinder era before Kill.
So I don't think I was alone in assuming that Rutan would be back for their outing… but you know what they say: when you assume, you make an ass out of ume. So Rutan will not, in fact, be manning boards for next CC's outing. Founding bassist Alex Webster tells Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles:
“We will see. I really shouldn't speak about it because we are talking about doing certain things but it might not end up happening. It isn't solid yet. I could give you a solid answer by like February, but right now I don't know. But what I can say, is that in February and March and then into early April we will be recording. We are going to go into Audio Hammer Studios and have Mark Lewis produce us. We really like a lot of stuff he's done. We did three great records with my good friend Erik Rutan, he's one of the best. We felt like, ‘man, we've done three awesome records with him, let's try doing something different.' Not because we are displeased with what he's done – he did a fantastic job – but we just felt like mixing it up. We've been working with Erik since 2005. We thought, ‘that's a good eight years, let's give Mark a try for a little while and see how that goes.' He's killer.”
I'm a huge Rutan fanboy, but I'm also a Cannibal Corpse fanboy and a Mark Lewis fanboy (and, incidentally, Lewis did a stellar job with the most recent releases by former Cannibal Corpse frontman Chris Barnes' Six Feet Under) and the band's stance obviously makes sense — a fresh perspective can't hurt, can it? So I don't see this as a black-and-white issue like “good news” or “bad news” or whatever… it's just news. Really, the thing to take away from this is that we're getting a new Cannibal Corpse album probably sometime next year, and that regardless of anything else, it's gonna sound great. I'm into it.
Blake Mason.
Skydive Wanaka Ltd has signed a conditional agreement to sell its business to Australian-owned Skydive The Beach Group for $10.4million.
The price represents a multiple of 4.5 times Skydive Wanaka's 2016 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (ebitda).
Skydive The Beach Group started in Wollongong in 1999, and in 2015 conducted 61,069 tandem skydives at 16 drop zones.
It describes itself as Australia and New Zealand's "leading skydiving adventure tourism company'' and the largest tandem skydiving operation in the southern hemisphere.
The company, newly listed on the Australian Stock Exchange, recorded revenue of $26.3million and ebitda of $6million in 2015, and has a market capitalisation of $A172.7million.
In its press release yesterday, it noted Skydive Wanaka had a compound average growth rate in tandem skydives of 24% over 2 years, and conducted 14,511 in 2016.
Skydive Wanaka has been owned by Wanaka residents Lloyd and Julie Ferguson for just less than three years, and managing director Blake Mason said yesterday it had shown growth of around 38% in that time.
He welcomed the new owners and an assurance "all jobs and business will remain the same''.
He considered the sale was a great opportunity for the region "as we expect to become busier than ever before, working in conjunction with the companies based in Queenstown and Glenorchy''.
Skydive Wanaka was established in 1995, and has completed more than 100,000 tandem jumps.
It has 45 employees, its own aircraft, long-term airfield and hangar leases and no debt.
Skydive The Beach Group chief executive Anthony Boucaut said yesterday the Skydive Wanaka acquisition strengthened its position in the New Zealand market.
"It adds more international assets as part of our goal to become the leading global adventure tourism company.''
Chief financial officer Anthony Ritter, said the acquisition would "turbo-boost'' its New Zealand operations.
Skydive the Beach Group bought the Skydive Queenstown Group in October last year.
It is expected the Wanaka operation would provide skydiving opportunities on days when the weather was unsuitable in Queenstown.
The purchase was funded through a $A15million institutional placement to "sophisticated and institutional investors''.
In addition to the Skydive Wanaka business, $A2.4million would be used for a new aircraft and $A1.1million for three buses to transport customers between Queenstown and Wanaka.
Skydive The Beach Group expects revenue of $54.9million and ebitda of $13.5million in 2016, "provided weather conditions remain normal and estimated jumps are completed''.
The purchase is expected to be completed on July 1 if due diligence is satisfactory.
mark.price@odt.co.nz
Looking up from my drink and across the room, I watched my girlfriend and my roommate kiss for the first time.
It was her 21st birthday, five days into the spring of our junior year. Heads swiveled toward Elizabeth and Jamie as their kiss deepened. Quiet rippled out through the din of the party. In the background, Beyoncé continued to serenade us with “Drunk in Love.”
Advertisement:
Jealousy welled up in me: I was the one who wanted an open relationship, not Elizabeth.
Crushes have always sprouted in me, independent of my will, like I live in an endless springtime. One blossoms for someone who feels right in my arms at a blues dance, another bursts for a classmate who writes achingly beautiful poetry — all the time, people pop up and make me dizzy.
But every time a crush budded, I felt like I'd betrayed Elizabeth. When I snipped it before it could fully bloom, I felt like I'd betrayed myself. I didn't want to leave her, but I craved freedom to explore.
Several months before, I'd confessed this desire to her. “I want to give that to you,” she whispered — but the idea made her seethe with anxiety. Our time together was already a constant negotiation. She had to micromanage her schedule to balance a Mathematics major with ADHD, while my distaste for clocks and Google Calendar verged on phobia. We lived in glimpses and embraces between class; love slipped into the little spaces we had left over. She feared we'd have no time left at all if we were entangled with other people.
So as her mouth moved against Jamie's in one of the loveliest kisses I'd ever seen, I felt a lot of things. Jealousy, yes, at the bitter irony that she had what I wanted. Confusion: Had she changed her mind, or was this just a drunken birthday kiss? Happiness, too — what some polyamorous people call “compersion” — that two people I loved were sharing this intimacy. And also a little private hope: that Elizabeth would understand me better now. Under my breath, I whispered, “Finally.”
As the night progressed, time warped around Jamie and Elizabeth's kiss. It never stopped. I got drunker than I'd ever been. For the first time, I spent my night retching into a toilet. Elizabeth, after holding my hair, spent her first night in Jamie's bed.
Advertisement:
There was no privacy in our room; closeness was the way of our student-housing cooperative. The stairwells resounded with mandolin music. The walls of the gender-neutral shower room were sheened with orange grime. Nobody locked their doors, ever.
The third time I walked in on Jamie and Elizabeth kissing, we decided it was time to talk about it.
We spoke for hours. Softly, carefully. Elizabeth held my gaze. Jamie averted it. “We need each other,” Elizabeth confessed.
“Okay,” I said.
They glanced at each other. “Okay? Really?”
“I never want to keep you from what you need,” I said. “Need is sacred.”
Advertisement:
“Thank you,” Jamie told me, over and over. And, “I don't deserve this.”
Maybe they didn't. Jamie hadn't yet told Sophie, their long-distance high school sweetheart and maybe-someday-fiancée, about kissing Elizabeth. “She'll definitely be okay with it,” Jamie assured us.
I had my doubts that Sophie — who rarely used gender-neutral pronouns for Jamie and wanted them to be her husband, not her androgynous partner — would be a fan of polyamory.
Advertisement:
But Elizabeth was beaming at me, moon-eyed. “I feel a hundred times lighter right now,” she said, “than I can remember having felt in I-don't-know-how-many-months.”
We weren't sure how we'd make it work, but we knew we'd figure it out. We had to. At dusk we walked to a campus café through swirling snow, arm-in-arm and arm-in-arm, giddy with laughter, embarking on this strange journey together.
The walk sticks out in my memory, because I think it was the last time all three of us were happy at once.
Advertisement:
Later that night, Jamie called Sophie. Sure enough, they returned to the room and murmured, almost inaudibly, “This can't happen anymore.”
But it kept happening.
Maybe I should've told Jamie and Elizabeth to stop. But watching them fall in love felt like falling in love myself. I liked when Jamie, half-asleep, would murmur, “I'm crazy about her,” and I would reply, “Right?!” I liked how Elizabeth told me little secrets and snippets of dialogue — and I liked the mystery of what she'd keep to herself. I liked waking up curled against her some mornings, and on others watching her stretch from Jamie's bed, and waving to her.
But I hated how, wracked with guilt after Skyping with Sophie, Jamie would wrench themself away from Elizabeth.
Advertisement:
It was a vicious cycle. Jamie couldn't kiss Elizabeth without confessing the infidelity to Sophie, who insisted that this couldn't continue. Jamie couldn't help but agree and tell Elizabeth they had to break it off. Which left me stroking Elizabeth's hair through the night as she wept and pined for all of the things they couldn't do. Next week, they would find themselves alone together, and the cycle would begin again.
Jamie's cheating sucked. I was complicit in it. But I felt Jamie deserved to be with someone who fully embraced their gender. Someone like Elizabeth.
So I began to root for my roommate to break up with the woman they planned to marry so they could stop breaking up with my girlfriend. For all our sakes.
Selfishly, what I liked most about our situation was clear proof that Elizabeth and I needed an open relationship. I liked trusting each other that much. I'd lost the guilt I felt when I held someone else's eye contact in the library, or their hand on a walk, or their name in my mouth at night.
Advertisement:
Until, that is, Elizabeth voiced her continued doubts about “outsiders” interfering in our relationship. People we both already knew and loved, like Jamie, were one thing. But interweaving the fickle needs of strangers into our life patterns? Weren't we having enough trouble untangling the mess we were in already?
The double standard dug at me, made everything harder. Made it harder to hear about how wonderful Jamie was, how cruel Jamie was. Made it harder even when it was just me and her — because it was just me and her.
By mid-March, we were all looking for distractions. Elizabeth chose math. Jamie chose drugs. I decided to scrub every inch of mold from the co-op shower walls. Without a mask. The ensuing asthma attack landed me briefly in the hospital. After I was discharged, every time I stepped into our co-op, I felt my lungs seize up. I exiled myself for a week, sleeping alone in Elizabeth's room across campus, while she and Jamie continued living in “our” room.
I lay alone in my girlfriend's bed.
Advertisement:
Without me there as a buffer, the tides of their relationship rose higher and broke harder. In panicked midnight walks and phone calls, Elizabeth insisted, “I can't do this, Nick. I can't. I'm not a polyamorous person.”
“But you're in love with two people,” I protested.
“Exactly. That's the problem.”
To Elizabeth, polyamory was an experimental structure for our relationship — one that wasn't working. To me, polyamory was, is, a matter of identity. To me, loving two people at once is… loving two people at once. Three is three, twelve is twelve, one is one. Nothing about love should exclude, or possess, or covet. To me, it's Time that is the great divider, limiter, and dissector of what could otherwise be infinitely expansive love.
Advertisement:
And I will never stop wishing for more time.
I finally grew truly jealous of Jamie, as Elizabeth's time and energy was consumed with their presence or siphoned by their absence. Grew resentful of their perpetual indecision, of how they kept hurting both Elizabeth and Sophie, of how the state of my relationship with Elizabeth depended entirely on theirs. Jamie had, at their core, a great restless emptiness that I couldn't comprehend. They tried to fill it with drugs, with lovers, with an endless string of hobbies and talents that they inevitably soured on. Nothing sated. In the past I'd been concerned about Jamie's patterns, but it was their life. Now everything they did with their time impacted how I spent my own.
Everyone just wanted everyone to be happy, but nobody was allowed to be.
Toward the end of April, Jamie left Elizabeth for good. Finally swallowed by guilt, they told Elizabeth, “I don't love you anymore. You've hurt me too much.”
Advertisement:
Elizabeth sobbed in my arms with wind whipping her hair as she repeated, “I am fucking up their life. I am fucking up their life.”
“Elizabeth,” I murmured. “I don't think you're doing anything to them that they're not already doing to themself.”
At the end of the semester, I helped Jamie move out. That morning I was wearing a thin, floral-patterned shirt that had mysteriously appeared on my pillow. I tossed the last suitcase into the trunk of Jamie's car, and we hugged farewell. I turned to head back upstairs.
“Thank you, Nick,” Jamie said quietly, their eyes briefly meeting mine. “For everything.”
I smiled back at them. “No problem,” I lied.
Later, Elizabeth called. She wanted to kiss me goodbye before she, too, drove away for the summer. I excused myself from my meeting and walked quickly from the library. I was startled as air rushed past me — I was running. Asthma and all, I was sprinting. As I flew down an alley toward the street, I heard a car door slam and a loud, fast pair of feet approaching.
Elizabeth careened around the corner and into my arms. The air was thick with birdsong. We kissed, still breathing hard from running to each other. Then her hands tugged at my new shirt.
“Why are you wearing Jamie's shirt?” she giggled.
“I found it on my pillow,” I said, cocking my head. “I wonder why Jamie didn't say anything about it.”
Elizabeth closed her eyes. “I left it there by accident. I was wearing it last night.”
And we laughed the way we had at the beginning of the semester, walking through snowfall, when everything was untarnished. Nothing was healed, nothing was saved, nothing made sense — but we were laughing again.
If you are seeing this page, it means that web has not been configured for this domain on this server.
This could be due to the following causes:
Kloxo has not restarted the web server yet after you added the domain. Please wait for the web server to restart.
The domain is pointing to the wrong Kloxo server. Ping the domain and make sure that the IP matches one of the IPaddress seen in admin home -> ipaddresses
If you are seeing this page when you try to access an IP like http://192.168.1.1, then that means that the IP has not yet been mapped to a domain. Go to client home -> ipaddresses -> ipaddress home -> domain config and map an IP to a domain.
and map an IP to a domain. Once you map an IP to a domain, then you have to make sure that the domain pings back to the same IP. Otherwise, if you try to access the domain, you will get this page. So IP -> domain.com should mean that domain.com pings to the same IP.
Vaginal flatulence is an emission or expulsion of air from the vagina. It may occur during or after sexual intercourse or during other sexual acts, stretching or exercise. The sound is somewhat comparable to flatulence from the anus but does not involve waste gases and thus often does not have a specific odor associated. Slang terms for vaginal flatulence include vart, queef,[1][2] and fanny fart (mostly British).[3][4]
More serious conditions
Vaginal gas that involves strong odor or fecal matter may be a result of colovaginal fistula, a serious condition involving a tear between the vagina and colon, which can result from surgery, child birth, diseases (such as Crohn's disease), and other causes.[5] This condition can lead to urinary tract infection and other complications. Vaginal gas can also be a symptom of an internal female genital prolapse,[6] a condition most often caused by childbirth.[7]
Puffs or small amounts of air passed into the vaginal cavity during cunnilingus will not cause any known issues, however "forcing" or purposely blowing air at force into the vaginal cavity can cause an air embolism, which in very rare cases can be potentially dangerous for the woman, and if pregnant, for the fetus.[8]
See also
"Eat, Pray, Queef" - South Park episode from Season 13
Some who have wrangled with Netflix customer support are aware of this, but it isn't widely known. When it came time to give the movie service's PS3 application a bailout menu to de-list the device from an account, they used the Konami Code.
A modified version, that is, as there's no B or A on the PS3 controller. But the up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, up, up, up, up is definitely an homage to the most famous cheat in console history.
What does it do here? Well it brings up a diagnostic screen, but it also allows one to conveniently deactivate the console from the streaming service, rather than going through the Netflix website and fumbling with it there. One may then activate it under a different account - which will remain the primary account unless it's deactivated under the same process.
NeoGAF cinemaphiles figured this out back in November, but it hasn't spread widely. Now you know. The person tipping it to us discovered it when he was having an issue with the new Netflix menu design. Seems that users are getting randomly assigned new versions on a test basis. Unfortunately, deactivating one's account, then reactivating it, doesn't seem to change which one you draw.
Netflix has Secret Codes on PS3 [Pocky Ninja]
Brett Favre may have left Green Bay three years ago, but he's still got the Packers in his heart.
In an e-mail response to ESPN's Ed Werder, Favre said Monday that the Packers are "by far" the best team left in the NFL playoffs.
"[Packers QB] Aaron [Rodgers] is the best QB and the receiving corps is the best ever, maybe," Favre said in the e-mail. "But [defensive coordinator] Dom [Capers] and the defense gets the MVP award at this stage."
Rodgers, whose emergence made Favre expendable in Green Bay before the 2008 season, led the Packers to a dominant 48-21 win over the top-seeded Falcons on Saturday.
Favre officially filed retirement papers with the league Monday after two seasons with the Minnesota Vikings and one year with the New York Jets. The 41-year-old Mississippi native originally retired in 2008 after the Packers decided to go with Rodgers as their starting quarterback.
However, Favre decided he wanted to return later in the year and was eventually traded to the Jets.
The .NET Core runtime has realized the vision of being truly cross-platform with its arrival on Linux and Mac OS X. Last week at Microsoft Build, Microsoft Program Manager Habib Heydarian discussed how this benefits developers and where they can start to explore these new opportunities. In a talk titled “Taking .NET Cross Platform”, Heydarian began by explaining what a developer will see with a fresh installation of .NET Core.
First, all of the .NET code is contained in a single directory and it is not required to be installed in a system-wide location. This lets each .NET application use a specific build if so desired. Code compiled on Windows can run interchangeably on Mac OS X and Linux.
To run a standard HelloWorld program from the command line on one of these systems, use the following:
./corerun HelloWorld.exe
// corereun is a native host which runs the app
// On Windows, bootstrapping a .NET app is built into the OS
Using .NET on non-Windows platforms means that developers have access to ASP.NET 5, the CoreCLR, and benefit from the shared pieces:
Runtime components 64-bit Just-in-Time (JIT) compiler and SIMD instructions Garbage collector Libraries Base class libraries NuGet packages Compilers .NET Compiler Platform (Roslyn)
How to obtain .NET Core
Mac OS X developers are encouraged to use Homebrew to acquire the necessary components. Once Homebrew has been installed, the following commands will acquire the .NET pieces:
brew tap aspnet/dnx
brew update
brew install dnvm
dnx . kestrel
Linux users can acquire a TAR file that includes all the required pieces from the project website and then install them as follows:
tar zxvf PartsUnlimited-demo-app-linux.tar.gz -C ~/
source ~/.dnx/dnvm/dnvm.sh
dnvm use 1.0.0-beta5-11624 -r coreclr -arch x64
dnx . kestrel
You will notice that for both platforms the commands end with the execution of kestrel. Kestrel is the “cross-platform web server for ASP.NET 5.” DNVM is the .NET version manager. At present, the project only supports 64-bit platforms on Linux and Mac OS X. The team is still investigating how to add the ability to run on 32-bit systems.
Joining Linux and Mac OS X, FreeBSD support has recently been added to the project. One current limitation for all 3 platforms is that building .NET Core from source is limited to Windows. To build .NET from source, a developer would need to start with CoreCLR and then they can build CoreFX.
Similar to how .NET developers on Windows can take advantage of Platform Invoke, on Linux developers can use the command DLL Import:
[DllImport(“libc”)]
private static extern int printf(string format);
…
Printf(“Hello, //BUILD 2015!
”);
What's next
Heydarian spent the reminder of his talk discussing what the team will be working on next and what Microsoft's goals for the project are. As Visual Studio continues to spread to non-Windows platforms, Microsoft would like for it to have improved debugging support for these new environments. For VS2015 this means to have the ability to perform remote debugging. For VS Code, this means starting with the addition of local debugging.
Another area for growth is improved overall production readiness. To that end of the things team would like to do is incorporate MSBuild support and eliminate the current dependency on Mono to provide that functionality.
Heydarian says that Microsoft is making the following formal promises for .NET on Linux and Mac OS X when it is formally released and considered “RTM”:
.NET Core apps can run in a production Linux environment including Docker on-prem and cloud Devlopers can edit compile debug their .NET code on Mac OS X using VS code or favorite editor Apps built using platform –agnostic feature have identical behavior on Windows and x-platform .NET Core brings along existing .NET cloud ecosystem of libraries to Linux Microsoft will support, service, and maintain .NET on Linux like any other Microsoft product
Adding Linux and Mac OS X support to your application
Microsoft will be making available an API Portability tool that can be used to analyzed existing code to see what assemblies are needed and what the platform target provides. At present, the only Linux distribution tested for compatibility is Ubuntu 14.04.2 LTS. While other Linux distributions are not specifically prevented, their ability to run the current builds is not guaranteed.
At present Heydarian views Microsoft's version of .NET as fulfilling a different niche than Mono's. Haydarian says that “…while [Mono is] great for mobile scenarios, [it] wasn't designed for server/cloud production-grade scenarios…”, thus the .NET Core is intended serve in server environments with high throughput, scalability, and a higher mean time to failure (MTTF).
Developers looking to take advantage of the cross-platform future enabled by .NET should begin using and testing their application with the ASP.NET 5 project templates in VS2015RC and examine Parts Unlimited ASP.NET sample on GitHub. Applications successfully working on Windows with ASP.NET 5 will be able to seamlessly move to Linux once .NET Core is deemed RTM.
'Million-Dollar Blocks' Map Incarceration's Costs
Hide captions The Brownsville section of New York's Brooklyn borough has long been considered one of the city's most dangerous neighborhoods. The Brooklyn-based Justice Mapping Center has been tracking the cost of incarcerating residents of neighborhoods like Brownsville, block by block, for almost 15 years. Previous Next Shannon Stapleton/Reuters/Landov
Hide caption This map shows the cost of incarcerating all residents sent to prison in 2009 from each block in Brooklyn. Dark red blocks represent areas where the state will spend more than $1 million to incarcerate people sent to prison that year. Previous Next Courtesy of Justice Mapping Center
Hide caption The cost of incarcerating residents from individual blocks in and around Brownsville. In response to the concentration of people on probation in Brownsville, the New York City Department of Probation used mapping to locate and launch the Neighborhood Opportunity Network, which connects probation clients with services, jobs and civic participation opportunities. Previous Next Courtesy of the Justice Mapping Center
Hide captions The Brownsville NeON probation office partnered with the public arts group Groundswell to establish a community garden in Brownsville. Local probationers designed and created the garden and mural. Here, the commissioner of the New York City Department of Probation, Vincent Schiraldi (second from left), meets with local advocates involved in the project. Previous Next Courtesy of Groundswell 1 of 4 i View slideshow
In many neighborhoods, hard truths about day-to-day life — like violent streets or crumbling schools — are readily apparent to residents, but less obvious to city and state officials.
Hard data can sometimes bridge that gap, helping policymakers better visualize which communities are doing well, and which may need additional help or resources.
The New York-based Justice Mapping Center has been providing those kinds of visuals for more than a decade. By mapping the residential addresses of every inmate in various prison systems, the center has made vividly clear a concept it calls "million-dollar blocks" — areas where more than $1 million is being spent annually to incarcerate the residents of a single census block.
Diane Orson of member station WNPR in New Haven, Conn., offers a window on how city officials there are using such maps to establish re-entry programs in neighborhoods suffering from high incarceration and recidivism rates.
First, All Things Considered's Audie Cornish talks with Eric Cadora, director of the Justice Mapping Center, about million-dollar blocks, and how the concept has been applied in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Brownsville.
Interview Highlights
On the idea of a "million-dollar block"
"[It's] a term we came up with when we were looking not at crime rates ... but rather at incarceration rates for places ... We mapped where people were going in and out of prison and jail every year, and started to look at that data at a very local level ...
"Then we were tallying up the costs of that imprisonment for each block in Brooklyn, and what we found were these million-dollar blocks — places for which the state and city of New York were spending more than $1 million a year to send people to prison and jail each year, for, on average, between two and three years ..."
On how the maps have helped change Brownsville, Brooklyn
"No one had ever actually sat down and gotten the home street address of everyone going into prison and jail, as well as all the background information about their age and their employment status, etc. And when you have all that data, it tells you a lot about what's going on on the block.
"When we look at the million-dollar blocks that we mapped almost a decade ago, it's a highly concentrated group of public housing and smaller apartment housing all grouped together in a very concentrated manner — each of which we were spending more than $1 million a year for.
"But today when ... we see those blocks, things have changed quite a bit. There has been a real investment by the city and the state, and particularly the Department of Probation, to engage with local organizations around the community and strengthen what they're doing."
On why the maps resonate with legislators and officials
"In all honesty, what we mapped was not a big surprise to people. But when you actually gather the real data ... on maps, [it becomes] immediately understandable to people who didn't see it — like legislators, city council people, researchers.
"They become almost urban planners and start to ask questions like, 'Look at all the resources around this million-dollar area, but they're not being used well. How can we take those resources, and then seek to strengthen them?' ...
"One of the things we noticed right away when legislators and others started to see this, is they talked about this issue differently. Instead of getting stuck in the 'being soft, get tough [on crime]' paradox, they started to talk about neighborhoods ...
"For example, in Connecticut, legislators started to talk there about the Hill neighborhood [in New Haven] ... and why were we spending $6 million a year to remove and return a whole range of people for technical violations, when we could be investing some of those dollars in the social and economic well-being of those places?"
toggle caption Uma Ramiah for NPR
For Ex-Offenders, New Beginnings
New Haven, Conn., is one of many cities around the nation that have organized programming based on million-dollar mapping. About 100 people are released to New Haven from prison each month, most returning to lower-income, high-crime areas identified on the local resource maps.
Re-entry programs, like the New Haven Prison Reentry Initiative, target ex-offenders as they return to their neighborhoods. The programs provide services like transitional housing and job training to help them make the transition back into community life, and also partner with local employers to make it easier for ex-cons to find jobs.
At a recent meet-and-greet at New Haven's police headquarters, people just out of prison are meeting with probation and parole officers. Eric Rey, coordinator for the New Haven Prison Reentry Initiative, is talking with ex-offenders about services available in their neighborhoods.
New Haven police detective Matthew Merced says the police want offenders to know they're here to help. "There's such a revolving door of people coming in and out, in and out," Merced says. "It shows a unified front that we do care about where you go down the road."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Uma Ramiah
Dixwell, one of the neighborhoods highlighted on the city's million-dollar block maps, is home to Emerge Connecticut, a transitional work program for offenders who've just returned home.
Ex-offenders get up to six months of paid on-the-job training in construction, says Dan Jusino, Emerge Connecticut's executive director. In return, they agree to attend literacy classes and personal development support groups.
If ex-cons are going to make a successful transition back to society, Jusino says, personal development is just as important as job training. "They've just come out of what we call 'the yard,' which is prison, where there's a certain culture and behavior that they've mastered to survive," Jusino says. "And now we gotta really re-socialize them, but that takes work."
Today, Tywain Harris is among a handful of men cleaning out a three-story home. "Right now we're excavating. We work as a team," he explains. The program has been good for him, Harris says, "because I get the personal development, and I have a place to go in the daytime."
Bernard Goutier, 25, is also at work. He recently finished serving a nine-month sentence for marijuana possession. That was his second stint in jail, he says. "I had to learn how, you know, not put myself first, but think about everyone around me," Goutier says. "Because they always say, when you do prison time, you're not the only one doing it, your family does it with you."
Seventy-three men have been through the program so far, and, Jusino says, "We've only had three guys re-arrested on new charges, and four guys arrested on technicalities, because there wasn't the supervision."
That low recidivism rate is "unheard of," Jusino says. "I know it's only a sample number, but what most of these programs don't realize ... is they treat these guys like a job is the answer." But a job, Jusino say, is just a part of the solution for men like Harris and Goutier.
This program wouldn't exist without federal and state grants, and private funding. Emerge also received help from the New Haven community. Nearby Yale University, for example, donated the vehicles the program uses.
Most of the guys working here today live nearby. The Dixwell neighborhood sees a constant churn of people arrested, incarcerated and coming back.
But the Newhallville neighborhood nearby, like Dixwell, also experiences a constant churn of people arrested, incarcerated and coming back to the community, and sees its share of violent crime.
Newhallville resident Martha Millers Conyers has two sons in prison, and is skeptical that after-prison programs can do enough. Prison itself, she says, needs to do a better job preparing inmates to return to society as productive citizens.
"The young [men] come out of jail; they're just walking the streets," she says. "So they never, never pay for what they did, even if they go to jail and come back."
And because so many people return unprepared, Conyers thinks the neighborhood is declining.
"The area just went down, down, down. And it's still going down," she says. "We pay taxes, and our community is just — you really have to ride through here to really see what I'm talking about."
While Conyers says she hasn't seen the benefit of re-entry programs yet, supporters say it's still too early to measure the results. The focus on re-entry is just a few years old, while most recidivism studies are much older than that.
There are hundreds of re-entry programs under way in cities across the country, and program designers are only just starting to use tools like mapping to understand how incarceration and re-entry affects communities. But, advocates say, they're an effective way to better target resources toward neighborhoods like Newhallville — and ultimately build safer cities.
Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Steven Brown is considered armed and dangerous.
Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Steven Brown is considered armed and dangerous.
WFLA Web Staff - PORT RICHEY, Fla. (WFLA) - Authorities are searching for a man who they say blew up his house while trying to make marijuana wax and then grabbed his drugs and fled the home, leaving his two caged dogs to die in the fire.
Investigators say a 1-year-old baby was in the home at the time of the explosion but was not injured (see photos).
The explosion happened on Sept. 3. Pasco County Sheriff's Office deputies say Steven Brown, 24, is still on the run and is considered armed and dangerous.
The explosion was heard by many residents in the neighborhood.
"We came outside and there was just one truck out here and they're telling us to come out of the house and then we hear the second explosion and it got everybody terrified," Cynthia Bryant said.
Kevin Doll with the Pasco County Sheriff's Office said that something went wrong during the process of marijuana 'cooking' in the house.
"It's where they take marijuana they cook it down into a waxy form that is more potent and it's probably more easy to package and sell," he said. "Something went wrong in this house, the house went up in flames."
Steven Brown was last seen driving a 2016 white Kia Optima. 12 warrants have been issued for his arrest.
If you have seen Brown or know where he might be, call 911.
The Pasco County Sheriff's Office says this is the first explosion caused by marijuana wax or butane hash in the county.
According to the DEA, marijuana wax is a marijuana concentrate that is a highly potent THC concentrate that looks like honey or butter. The THC levels could range from 40 to 80 percent. Smoking is the most common way to ingest the drug.
The drug is made by stuffing marijuana into a glass, metal or plastic pipe with a filter on the end of it. Butane is then forced in the open end of the pipe. The process extracts the THC in the marijuana.
Marijuana wax explosion destroys Pasco house Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Pasco County Sheriff's Office photo Steven Brown is considered armed and dangerous.
http://wx.wfla.com/oembed/app_promo/app_dl.html
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie receives a standing ovation as he gives his State of the State address in the assembly chamber in Trenton, New Jersey, January 8, 2013. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
(Reuters) - New Jersey Republican Governor Chris Christie harshly criticized the National Rifle Association on Thursday for referring to U.S. President Barack Obama's children in an ad that advocates putting armed guards in schools, calling it “reprehensible” and “wrong.”
“I think it's awful to bring public figures' children into the political debate,” Christie said at a press conference in Trenton, New Jersey.
The NRA ad, posted online on Tuesday, calls Obama a “hypocrite” for expressing skepticism over a NRA proposal to put more armed guards in schools following the shooting in a Newtown, Connecticut, school last month that killed 26 people, 20 of them six and seven years old.
“Are the president's kids more important than yours?” a narrator asks in the ad, pointing out that Obama's two daughters have Secret Service protection.
“To talk about the president's children or any public officer's children who have - not by their own choice, but by requirement - to have protection, to use that somehow to try to make a political point is reprehensible,”
“I think any of us who are public figures, you see that ad and you cringe,” said
Christie, who is considered a possible Republican presidential contender in 2016, said the ad undermines the NRA's credibility at time when gun control has moved to the center of the political debate.
“It's wrong and I think it demeans them and it makes them less of a valid trusted source of information on the real issues that confront this debate,” he said.
The inorganic anion nitrate (NO3 (-)), which is naturally enriched in certain vegetables (e.g., spinach and beetroot), has emerged as a dietary component that can regulate diverse bodily functions, including blood pressure, mitochondrial efficiency, and skeletal muscle force. It is not known if dietary nitrate improves cardiac contractility. To test this, mice were supplemented for 1-2 weeks with sodium nitrate in the drinking water at a dose similar to a green diet. The hearts from nitrate-treated mice showed increased left ventricular pressure and peak rate of pressure development as measured with the Langendorff heart technique. Cardiomyocytes from hearts of nitrate-treated and control animals were incubated with the fluorescent indicator Fluo-3 to measure cytoplasmic free [Ca(2+)] and fractional shortening. Cardiomyocytes from nitrate-treated mice displayed increased fractional shortening, which was linked to larger Ca(2+) transients. Moreover, nitrate hearts displayed increased protein expression of the L-type Ca(2+) channel/dihydropyridine receptor and peak L-type Ca(2+) channel currents. The nitrate-treated hearts displayed increased concentration of cAMP but unchanged levels of cGMP compared with controls. These findings provide the first evidence that dietary nitrate can affect the expression of important Ca(2+) handling proteins in the heart, resulting in increased cardiomyocyte Ca(2+) signaling and improved left ventricular contractile function. Our observation shows that dietary nitrate impacts cardiac function and adds understanding to inorganic nitrate as a physiological modulator.
“There were a few times last night where we were close, and I peeked into our dugout,” the Rangers' David Murphy said after hitting a fly to left fielder Allen Craig for the final out in Game 7. “Guys were getting on the front rail, getting excited. I took a step back for a second here and there, when I thought that the next pitch was going be the final out, tried to take it all in a few times. You could almost visualize the trophy.
“But it didn't happen. That's the bottom line. That's why you have to execute till the very last out is made.”
Murphy was part of the Rangers team that lost in five games to the San Francisco Giants in last year's World Series. After dropping the first two games to the Giants, the Rangers won once at home and then lost the last two, never holding a lead. They hit .190 as a team, and allowed almost six runs a game.
This World Series was so competitive, Murphy said, that he did not expect losing to hurt as much. But it does, he said, and it was hard to find a teammate who disagreed.
“It's going to motivate guys, it really is,” said Josh Hamilton, who homered in the 10th inning of Game 6 to briefly give the Rangers another lead. “We got closer this year, had a better series, a better run at it than we had last year. We came up a little short again, but you know what? We made some progress. Take a little time, but don't forget about how this felt.”
Photo
Even so, Hamilton said, it was easy to recognize how exciting this World Series was. It was probably one of the five best of the last 25 years. Besides a suspenseful seventh game, it lacked nothing.
There were two one-run games at the start, and three homers from Albert Pujols in Game 3. There was shutdown pitching by the Rangers' Derek Holland in Game 4, and a series worth of bullpen and base-running gaffes to dissect from Game 5. Then came Game 6.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Feliz came in to protect a 7-5 lead. He had converted 17 consecutive save chances, and had not blown a two-run lead since June 22. With one out, Feliz faced Pujols. Apart from his historic Game 3, Pujols was 1 for 19 in this World Series. But this was his one hit, a double to left-center with his team two outs from elimination. Then Feliz walked Lance Berkman, and struck out Craig on a nifty backup slider.
Facing David Freese with a 1-2 count, Feliz fired a 98-mile-an-hour fastball on the outside corner. After Game 7 — his first time addressing reporters since blowing Game 6 — Feliz said he had made a good pitch.
“That's a pitch I use a lot, very often, when I'm trying to close the games,” he said through an interpreter. “I put it where I want it, and he made good contact.”
Freese lashed the ball to deep right field. Nelson Cruz chased for it — tentatively, it seemed — before the ball cleared his head for a two-run, game-tying triple. Cruz said after Game 6 that he wished he had been positioned closer to the wall, and his teammate Michael Young rued the play, sarcastically, after Game 7.
“This is already a championship-caliber team,” Young said. “What are you going to do to make it better? Make Nelly two feet taller to catch that ball?”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In the 10th, after Hamilton's two-run homer gave Texas a 9-7 lead, Feliz did not return to the mound. He had worked two innings six times in the last two seasons, including the final game of the 2010 World Series. But Manager Ron Washington used the left-hander Darren Oliver, even though Feliz believed he could have kept pitching.
“Of course, but it's not my decision,” Feliz said. “It's not up to me. It's the manager's decision. He thought that Oliver could get the job done in the 10th inning, so I can't do anything about it.”
Washington said he liked the matchups awaiting Oliver in the 10th: the little-used Daniel Descalso, a left-handed hitter, and another lefty, Jon Jay, who was 1 for 17. The pitcher's spot was due up third, and the Cardinals had no remaining position players.
“The lineup set up perfectly for lefty-lefty — two lefties and a pitcher,” Washington said. “The Lord just didn't want this game to end in six. That's all. The matchup couldn't have been better.”
Photo
Descalso and Jay singled, and with two out, a run in, and two on against Scott Feldman, Berkman singled on a 2-2 pitch, smashing the Rangers' hearts again. A homer by Freese, off Mark Lowe, won it in the 11th, completing the bullpen implosion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It literally changed from one week to the next,” said the Rangers' general manager, Jon Daniels. “The bullpen won the A.L.C.S. when our starters struggled, and they struggled here. It's one of those things.”
The Rangers scored twice in the top of the first inning in Game 7 — a sign, Young said, that the team was unaffected by its collapse the night before. He may be right, but this is also true: After their own devastating Game 6 loss, the 1986 Boston Red Sox took an early lead in Game 7 before crumbling to the Mets.
These Rangers are now linked to those Red Sox as the only teams to come one out from a championship and lose the World Series. Two others —the 1911 Philadelphia A's and the 1992 Toronto Blue Jays — came one out from winning, blew it, but ended up taking the title. The Red Sox and the Rangers could not recover.
“When opportunity is in your presence, you certainly can't let it get away,” Washington said, “because sometimes it takes a while before it comes back.”
After their losses at Shea Stadium, the Red Sox slumped to a sub-.500 season in 1987 and did not reach another World Series until 2004. And no team has returned to a third consecutive World Series after losing two in a row since the 1923 Yankees.
That Yankees team won the World Series and touched off a dynasty. The Rangers, at least, seem positioned to have more chances. They play in baseball's only four-team division, and while they could lose starter C. J. Wilson to free agency, they seem deep enough to get by, with Daniels's history of savvy decisions.
“Most of the club's going to be back,” Daniels said. “We have a lot of guys in their prime, and the pipeline's full. We talked all postseason about the work of our organization — big-league staff, minor league staff, our scouts — so we've got a running start, so to speak. But there's always a lot of work to be done, and we've got to start looking at that.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
If nothing else, the Rangers proved that their 2010 pennant, accomplished by beating the Yankees in the A.L.C.S., was no fluke. Daniels said he had no doubts the clubhouse could handle the harrowing defeat to the Cardinals, and Hamilton embodied that confidence.
Reflecting after Game 7 on how far the team had come, Hamilton said he met a Yankees fan last year who told him the Rangers were a one-hit wonder.
“I told him, ‘Get used to it — we're going to be around for a little while,' ” Hamilton said. “And that's the way we feel.”
Substantial shifting of Gaia energy structures occurs at this moment. Although the process of reshaping Gaia's Higher D energetic patterns has been ongoing during the past 12 years, significant acceleration occurred during the end of year gateways, and in this now moment, particularly, increase in rate of formation of structures, leading to final so-called “Golden Age” grid, is occurring.
Those aware of these energies may have sensed a strong energetic shift during the past several hours. Tiredness and “out of place” sensations are due to this shifting out of outgrown Gaia energetic patterns and acceleration of formation of Golden Age patterns.
Light Worker types attuned to the needs of Gaia will understand necessary movement patterns required by them for assisting the planet into the final grid arrangements. Understanding that movement is being called for this Higher Purpose, will ease any incurred disruption energetics.
We of ÉirePort say, to all those called to service, “Enjoy the Ride…”
State Government to abolish Skills Queensland
Updated
State Parliament has passed legislation to abolish Skills Queensland.
The body was set up three years ago to help the Queensland Government address the state's skills and workforce priorities.
Opposition spokeswoman Desley Scott says the Liberal National Party is defying advice from its Commission of Audit, which recommended an industry-led skills authority.
"In the end this Government is more concerned with privatising TAFE services and closing services for people from disadvantaged backgrounds, rather than on any real approach of matching skills training to industry demand," she said.
However, Education Minister John-Paul Langbroek told Parliament much of Skills Queensland's work will be done by the Department of Education, Training and Employment.
"We don't want more money being delivered for worse outcomes," he told the House.
"That's what we've seen over a number of years from a number of prior ministers who were not interested in what was really happening but were happy to outsource their decisions."
Topics: state-parliament, public-sector, vocational, university-and-further-education, qld
First posted
Last year, Hate5Six , an online platform documenting and preserving hardcore and punk history through live videos, turned seven years old. In those seven years, founder Sunny Singh built the site from the ground up, transforming it from the seed of an idea existing on YouTube to a more complex, algorithm-driven community of its own. But as the modified hammer-and-sickle logo suggests, Singh's goal is larger and more political than some may realize.
In the site's manifesto, he describes Hate5Six as a “project [that] stands for the redistribution of high-quality live music videos in as much of an anti-capitalist framework as realistically allowable … In an era when the turnover rate in the community is staggeringly high, this site serves as a vehicle for preservation and posterity. Institutional memory is key in any setting, and hardcore is no exception.” This may sound a bit hefty for those who have only spent a cursory amount of time on the site, but when you're pressed on the fleeting nature of live performances, Singh's message begins to make a lot of sense. How many of us have been to shows that we wish we could revisit? How many past events are lost to time?
In the age of cellphones, where (virtually) everyone has a HD camera in their pocket, however, where do we draw the line? For every question that Singh raises, there are counterpoints. Is there such a thing as too much documentation? In order to better spread awareness of not necessarily his site, but his message, we hopped on the phone with Singh to talk about his goals and some of the problems that his site inadvertently may support.
When and where did you first start getting to hardcore and punk shows?
I started going to shows in the early 2000s. I grew up about 20-30 minutes away from Philadelphia, in Marlton, New Jersey. It must have been around 2000 or 2001, when I was a freshman in high school and my friends were starting bands — the typical ska or pop-punk, the type of shit that you get into in high school. I wanted to get involved, but I didn't really know how to do that. I wasn't really musically inclined and I didn't really want to be in a band. So, I saw the video camera as a cool thing to try. I didn't have experience before that and I didn't really have a goal in mind. Eventually it kind of fizzled out because I was about to go to college and, at that point there was no way to share it, because there was no real online streaming.
So, what happened to kick it back into gear, to make you realize that Hate5Six could be a reality?
I had stopped filming shows sometime around the middle of 2004, but in 2006 I got my first real camera. It was a Canon GL2, which is a prosumer camera that was typically used in news and for films as a B-roll camera, stuff like that. I remember the first big show that I filmed was the Floorpunch reunion. At that time, YouTube had become a thing, so I put it up there and I started to get a little bit of traffic. I continued filming shows through 2008 and then, come 2009, there was the Burning Fight fest in Chicago, which was a big event to celebrate this book written by Brian Peterson celebrating the best of the best from the '90s hardcore scene. They got a bunch of these bands to reunite, like Disembodied, Trial, 108 and Unbroken. I remember they had some sort of call online for people who wanted to shoot the show. So, I wrote them this big thing about how I was shooting shows over the last few years and how I really thought it was important for the sets to be preserved for posterity. Eventually they wrote me to tell me they were picking someone else, but wanted to thank me. I was pretty bummed, but I was planning on going anyway, and then about a week before the show they hit me up saying that things fell through with the original person and that they would love for me to come in and do my thing. I remember getting that green light and talking to my photographer friend and them telling me, "This is a turning point for you; this is what is going to push you to the next step." I thought he was exaggerating, but if you look at the statistics, Burning Fight was the tipping point.
Hate5Six seems akin to a political statement, i.e., documenting and preserving is something that you believe is necessary. I was wondering if you could outline your attachment to the project?
That's definitely it. I took a certain political turn with the site, both literally and figuratively. I think there is an inherent political statement with what Hate5Six is: It's this idea of redistributing these experiences from live shows to people who can't experience them, either because they are not anywhere near where these shows are happening or they weren't even alive when these shows happened. For me, it's just about sharing these experiences with people, and I think that can be a pretty subversive thing. Obviously, there are aesthetics — I am always shooting continuous shots, I am always shooting full sets and I don't cut things out — but it's this idea of wanting to signal boost what hardcore is. Hardcore punk — and music in general — really opened me up to a lot of ideas and different modes of thinking. Which means that sometimes I film stuff that I don't like, but as a completist I need to document and share it because it might inspire someone somewhere — it may make them think a different way, and it might challenge the way they think. There is a certain value in creating this environment where people can hear ideas. It is not just reliving stage dives, but thinking about what hardcore is. Music is communicating ideas through rhythm and sound.
Do you ever feel like you are missing out, being stuck behind the camera?
Yeah, there are definitely times where I feel like that. [ Laughs ] There are a handful of bands where I will ask other people to film for me because I want to be singing along. Not to name-drop, but I remember getting into an argument with Ian MacKaye because I wanted to shoot the Evens. He basically said it was cool if I shot it, but he also argued that I was doing myself a disservice by putting a device between what was happening before me and enjoying the experience. He was basically saying that there may be a point where I want to put the camera down and enjoy the set, and I agree with that — there are certain bands that I would much rather be singing along with — but when I am filming a band, I feel like I am engaged with their set in a different way: I am looking for different moments, I am looking for the way that the music is influencing the crowd and how the crowd responds to it, and I am trying to capture these moments.
It's strange with MacKaye as well, given his project to archive as many Fugazi performances as he can. He seems to create a hierarchy, where audio is a more important tool than video when it comes to archiving.
I think he has certain points. There is definitely an overabundance of documentation, and it's something that I contribute to. I don't know if you want to call it a problem, but it is something that should be discussed. People should think about the point where there is too much documentation. As far as what video can offer that audio cannot, video offers a window into a band's live existence that isn't really captured otherwise. It's obvious, but a video gives you the benefit of both the aspect of hearing and seeing a band's live performance. It gives a window into how people, in a specific time and place, reacted to that band's music; were they just standing around or were they going apeshit? I feel like that is a very interesting thing. It is telling a story of not just how a band sounds, but how an audience is responding to it.
You can make the argument that audio prioritizes the band, while video prioritizes the communal aspect.
That's actually a good point, because hardcore and punk is a very communal thing where bands will say, "The mic is yours," or "The stage is yours," and I think people take that literally.
How do you battle your personal politics versus a band's? You stated earlier that you often have to shoot bands that you don't like. Is there a breaking point where you'd refuse to shoot a band?
It's tough because I try to come at it as an objective observer, almost as a journalist. To not film something would feel disingenuous. I do get people reaching out to me that say that I shouldn't film a certain band or should delete footage because they did this or that. Even though I often side with what they are saying, I feel like I can't be revisionist because if someone is going to ask me to be revisionist, they damn well better be ready for me to be consistent about that decision, and that starts to bring in these gray areas. If I am going to censor a certain band and basically remove them from history — which is pretty fucked up — where do I draw the line? I feel like the best way for me to do it is to just film everything, and if the band is controversial, let there be a discussion that comes out of it But at the same time, there have been bands that just go on stage and spew sexist or homophobic things, and there have been a handful of times where I just turn the camera off. But, at the end of the day, I try to be as consistent as I can.
I think that one of the downsides of the ability to document and share everything is that a sense of entitlement forms. People think they are owed things immediately. How do you deal with that attitude?
I think people have this assumption that I am a fully-fledged company and I have employees that are just churning out videos everyday, and they don't realize it is essentially just me. People have a disconnect — and not just with me, but with record labels and things like that — with the amount of work that goes into producing these things. There is a lot of shit going on behind the scenes that you don't really realize. That sense of entitlement definitely became a thing with pirating music online. That created this environment — and I am guilty of it — where you can freely access any sort of music you want and not have to pay for it. I don't know what the solution is, but I usually try to deal with it with humor, or I try to call people out on it, or ignore it the best I can. I intentionally slow down my releases to keep people waiting and wanting more. There is an assumption that things are always going to persist, when in fact there is no guarantee that is the case. I think that, for me, that is what is most dangerous about this era of entitlement: It is that people just assume that things are infallible, and that is not the case. I definitely hit a brick wall every now and then where I think, ‘I don't want to be doing this anymore. This is just a hobby and I have a lot of other things in my life.' Those are the things that people don't see, and those are the most telling things about this age of entitlement.
You have also implemented a system that rewards giving as well. Can you tell us about that?
I started experimenting with this voting system for the Is Hardcore and Back to School Jam sets. Normally, I predetermine what order I am going to post the videos and when I decide to do it. This year, I moved to this paid voting system, where for 50 cents you can vote for whatever set you want to see, and there is no limit for how many times you vote or for which bands. That money goes to pay off engineers and the camera equipment rental — I am not banking off any of this [ laughs ]; this is recovering costs — and I also split the funds with a charity that I pick. The interesting thing about the voting is that the onus isn't on one particular person, but it gives the community a voice to determine what comes out when. It's showing people that, at least in this small inconsequential domain, there are things you can control. What it boils down to is a "do it yourself" philosophy.
How long do you see Hate5Six lasting for?
The site turned 7 in October, so I hope it keeps going. Every time I think about going to a show and not filming, I get upset. I feel like the site is still growing, and lately I've been getting hit up by bigger bands and labels asking if I was interested in covering them. Young kids will tell me that I helped them discover their new favorite band, and older folks will say that they fell out of hardcore and just discovered this new scene because of a video, and that keeps me going. That makes me feel like the stuff I am doing has meaning.
Henry Smith, a developer from Bristol, was reported to the police by his landlord for the diagrams of his new project
A British games developer's letting agency called the police after mistaking diagrams of his new game for a planned thermonuclear attack on Washington.
Henry Smith is a software engineer from Bristol working on a game called “Global Thermonuclear War”, which uses Google Maps to simulate an atomic conflict between nations. Smith was planning out the game using whiteboards in his home when his letting agent made a pre-arranged visit.
A few days later, the agent rang, Smith says, and told him that “the person who did the inspection did have some concerns about one thing. There were some … whiteboards? And some … drawings on them?”
Although Smith believed he assuaged the agents' fears by explaining that the sketches were plans for a game, he received a follow-up email the next week informing him that the matter had been referred to the local police.
“At first I was ridiculously frightened by the whole thing,” he told the Guardian. “When they said they'd told the police I absolutely bricked it. I ran home to check if the police had raided the house or something. It was definitely very frightening to think that the police had a report in their system alleging that I was up to something suspicious involving nuclear warheads. Knowing how the police here deal with suspected terrorists, I was worried they'd do a dawn raid or worse. It was genuinely scary for a while.”
The whiteboards in question show a grand circle trajectory between a “launch site” somewhere in the former USSR and a “target” on the US east coast. The “explosion” and “blast radius” are also marked on to the map, which was accompanied by two further whiteboards diagramming how various aspects of the game would work.
The police have not yet followed up the letting agent's tip-off, and Smith now thinks they're unlikely to, especially if they have seen photos of the diagrams. He says he doesn't hold a grudge against the letting agency, who “just wanted to act responsibly”.
That is understandable, he says, “but their judgment has let them down for sure. Nobody is planning an intercontinental ballistic missile attack by Russia on Washington from a rented house in a Bristol suburb. And definitely not by drawing their missile trajectory freehand on a whiteboard.
“And even if they were, they wouldn't have left those whiteboards out on the pre-agreed day of a visual inspection.”
A very early prototype of Smith's game, which is little more than an animation of an ICBM trajectory, is now online at global.thermonuclearwar.org, but he confesses he's not sure how the game progresses from here.
“The diagrams that got me in ‘trouble' were an initial design for a sort of massively multiplayer ‘everybody just nukes each other' sort of game. I thought it'd be pretty cool if there were a lot of people logged in and you could see which countries each player chose to nuke and how that changed with the ebb and flow of world news and international relations.”
226 SHARES Share Tweet
Summer has officially come to an end and Modern Horrors offers you Volume 8 of HORROR AND CHILL! Fall is the time when non-horror fans will watch horror and horror fans lose their shit watching movie after movie. Now you've got an excuse to get that hottie you've got your eye on over for an evening of frights and delights. An evening of cinema and alcohol. An evening of… HORROR AND CHILL!
Shudder
What to watch?
2007's [REC] is a modern classic and has spawned at least 3 sequels. The Spanish language film follows a news crew just doing a fluff piece on firefighters, when shit hits the fan. There are plenty of scares to get you cozy, and with the multiple sequels, [REC] might just spawn an all-nighter for you… or at least a few more dates.
What to drink?
Tinto de Verano is a classic cocktail from Spain. Sure, Verano means Summer and it is now Fall, but the temperature is still hitting the high 80's, so fuck it! You don't need much for this delicious and refreshing drink. Just pour some ice in a glass, fill it half with lemonade and half with red wine (preferably one from Spain), top with some lemon slices and you are in business! This drink will have you all set to enjoy [REC], and your date will think you're worldly pairing a Spanish film with a Spanish cocktail…win/win!
Amazon Prime
What to watch?
There are a few people who have lived under rocks who may not have seen SAW. There are even more people who haven't watched it in years! With JIGSAW hitting theaters later in October, you've got to prepare! SAW launched the career of James Wan, so why not pay tribute to a modern master of horror by watching the movie that put him on the map? Still not ready to say goodnight? You've got loads and loads of sequels to enjoy! Sure, the gore fest might not be what you had imagined for a date, but maybe if you play your cards right you'll be able to play a game for the chill in HORROR AND CHILL.
What to drink?
If you're going to watch SAW, you need a drink to match. I hope you like orange because you're going to be drinking the HACKSAW! This isn't a complicated cocktail, but damn is it tasty. Just mix 2 shots of vodka with equal parts orange juice and orange soda and you are on your way to a hell of a good time. If you plan to watch more than just the first film, maybe add a bit more of the juice and soda for each drink. Or don't…I'm not your mom.
Netflix
What to watch?
Most horror fans have fond memories of picking up the latest release, and old favorites, on VHS from Blockbuster or Hollywood Video. My local small town rental shop offered 8 for 8 for 8 where you got 8 movies for 8 days for 8 dollars. I loved it and picked up film after film. V/H/S is all about those tapes. Found footage just seems so much creepier when you've got to rewind it after. Oh, did I mention there are sequels (are we sensing a theme here?)? V/H/S 2 is just as good as the original and the 3rd one is a movie. There are some really great stories here and you'll definitely get some snuggle action, for protection of course.
What to drink?
Have I told you to drink beer yet this week? Nope. Drink beer. If you have a local microbrew, go out and support them! If you don't, just pick up your favorite six pack, grab one for your date, and enjoy those delicious malted hops as you watch V/H/S!
Hulu
What to watch?
SILENT HILL proved that all video game based movies don't have to suck! Not only that, but there is a sequel! There is enough creepiness here to keep you firmly in snuggle town for at least the 2 hours of the film, if not longer. Sure, you've only got one sequel to utilize here, but I'm sure you can think of a way to get to chillin'! Plus, you can prove that Sean Bean doesn't die in every single movie he is in. Make it a bet, if Sean Bean lives, you get a kiss. I'll leave it there…I'm not going to do everything for you.
What to drink?
For SILENT HILL you'll be able to drink whatever you want. But, you'll also be playing a drinking game! Pour a big ol' glass of your favorite libation and makes sure you take a drink when:
An alarm sounds
People pray
A new creature stumbles in
Something catches fire
You see a cross
Sean Bean dies
Someone starts running
VOD and Blu-Ray
What to watch?
PARANORMAL ACTIVITY is a series with a lot of ups and downs. None of the movies was bad, but there is definitely a quality difference. However, there is no denying that the original PARANORMAL ACTIVITY resurrected the found footage sub-genre and got people excited about horror again. You have a decision to make now… do you watch all these movies in one sitting, making it an all-nighter and sleepily go out to breakfast in the morning? Or, do you space it out into multiple HORROR AND CHILL nights? I guess that depends on how much you like each other after being terrified by a woman staring at a man sleeping for hours and hours. Either way, you'll have a really good time.
What to drink?
For at least your first night of PARANORMAL ACTIVITY films, you're going to enjoy a nice whisky sour! Don't like whisky? Go ahead and switch out the whisky for amaretto! Either way, you're getting a delicious drink, a good buzz, and a great film. You can buy sour mix ready made, but if you want to be a bit more fancy, here is a recipe!
Whisky(Amaretto) Sour 2 shots Whisky or Amaretto 1oz Lemon Juice 1tsp Sugar 1 Egg White Pour all ingredients into a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Shake hard for at least 10 seconds. Strain into a glass and garnish with a cherry. Enjoy.
Volume 8 is here and gone! The next HORROR AND CHILL finishes up September, so you know what that means… actually you don't. You'll just have to stop by MODERNHORRORS.COM to find out! Make sure you let us know on Twitter and Facebook that you've been up to some #HorrorAndChill! Seeya next weekend for more movies, more drinks, and more good times!
Owen Smith today pledges a “new industrial revolution” to stave off the threat of Britain becoming the “sick man leaving Europe” with a declining manufacturing base.
Successive governments have presided over a bias towards financial services and low-paid and insecure work, the leadership challenger will say in a speech in Newcastle this morning.
If Smith were to enter Downing Street then his government would stimulate innovation, as well as protecting current British success stories, such as the car production industry, in order to make the nation the “workshop of the world once more”
The Welsh MP is expected to go on to say the decision to cut interest rates by the Bank of England, announced on Friday, is a sign the country is on a “cliff edge” in the face of Brexit.
“The unprecedented action taken by the Bank of England to cut interest rates to a 300-year low and expand quantitative easing shows that the British economy is on the cliff edge of another recession, with ordinary people, again, set to pay the price.
“Under the Tories, we face the prospect of our country being the sick man leaving Europe – unless urgent action is taken by government.
“I will not allow the UK to fall coughing and spluttering out of the EU door. For too long, successive governments have allowed our economy to be too reliant on financial services and the creation of insecure, low-skilled, and low-paid jobs.
“I believe we must have a bold mission for Britain – to undergo a new industrial revolution to make Britain the workshop of the world once more.
“But this must be a revolution that is focused on the industries and the jobs of the future, not of the past. That means safeguarding and enhancing sectors such as the automotive industry but also investing in new industries including renewable energy and the creative industries.”
Smith's pledges follow his endorsement by Community union, whose general secretary Roy Rickhuss said the candidate has “a real understanding of what an active industrial strategy should look like”.
Incumbent leader Jeremy Corbyn made ten pledges last week to fight the “failed austerity model”, including full employment and reversing the Tories' austerity agenda. Corbyn has been backed by transport union the TSSA and communication workers' body the CWU.
The European Commission is a permanent unelected body of 17 people appointed by national Governments for 5 years or more. Responsible for most EU law, which passes directly into UK law, the Commission is aided by an army unelected officials (a sort of 'Uncivil Service'). The UK Parliament is helpless to amend or reject any of it. Such law is secretly made behind closed doors. The Commission President has a virtual veto over who becomes a Commissioner and provides "political guidance" to all Commissioners.
The Council of Ministers also approves laws. Ministers from each member state meet regularly. A complaint of Ministers is that the main business of the meeting is hammering out a Public Communiqué to give to news reporters after the meeting. In this pretence of democracy everything else is given automatic approval!
Hello everyone!
We just wanted to let people know that folks in the $40 and above tiers should be seeing a beefy update to the game either tonight or tomorrow, unless "act of God"-tier catastrophes (e.g Hurricanes, 8.2 earthquakes, state-wide fires) intervene, that is. Amongst the customary tweaks, fixes and features, this next update introduces the first iteration of single player Arcade Mode to the game, so please give it a try and throw us some feebdack in the Beta sections of the forums. It also contains the Full Dynamic Music System experience, with all character/stage variations available to listen to as you pummel ungulates. Then the next major patch (somewhere this week) will be focusing on introducing fullscreen mode and screen resolution changes, as well as several QoL fixes to Pixel Lobby and menu navigation.
All of this in prepration for NDA lift for Backer's Beta, which will be happening on Friday, September 15. More information on what NDA lift entails (i.e. what is and what's not allowed) will be forthcoming as the lift itself happens.
For the folks that haven't been able to participate in the closed Backer's Beta, NDA lift means you'll be getting your first-in-a-while look at all the game progress made since we entered the Beta from people streaming their experience, making videos and (hopefully!) bringing it to their local cons and tournaments. You might be noticing some rough edges here and there, but mechanically, the base game's mostly there, and all that remains is filling the graphical blanks and polish the corners a bit. We're (as usual), working full time to make sure that happens.
From NDA Lift onwards, we enter the very last bits of development on the road to the 1.0 public release (the Available-on-Steam launch, that is), which, unless the aforementioned catastrophes strike (and we hope they don't), will be happening before 2017 comes to a close, with DLC 1 (Goat) and Mac/Linux ports coming in the first half of 2018.
We've also got some other stuff cookin', which, if all things align properly, means good things for TFH in the future, and which we'll hopefully be able to tell you guys about a bit closer to 1.0 release.
As always, thanks for sticking with us through all of the game's development; We hope you like what you see!
- M6.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — Americans boosted their savings in December and cut spending by the largest amount in five years, paying less at the gas pump and buying fewer cars and trucks.
Incomes posted another solid again in the final month of 2014, however, and falling inflation is allowing Americans to get more bang for their buck. What's more, spending in the first few months of the fourth quarter was more than enough to offset the December decline and deliver the biggest increase in consumer outlays since 2006, a separate government report showed last week.
In December, consumer spending fell a seasonally adjusted 0.3% to mark the biggest drop since September of 2009, the Commerce Department said Monday. Americans cut back on most goods and services, including autos, gas, utilities, groceries, clothing, home furnishings and TVs.
When adjusted for falling inflation, the decline in consumer spending was a more modest 0.1%.
Personal income, meanwhile, rose a solid 0.3% last month, a sign that the rapid acceleration in hiring continues to filter through to the broader economy. For the full year, incomes climbed 3.9% — almost twice as fast as in 2013.
The U.S. added nearly 3 million jobs in 2014, the largest gain in 15 years. And the majority of new jobs pay above the average U.S. hourly wage, a MarketWatch breakdown has shown.
“Consumer spending growth will be solid in 2015 thanks to more jobs, higher wages, and lower energy costs,” said Gus Faucher, senior economist at PNC Financial Services.
Households are reaping a tidy windfall from plunging gas prices, and while economists expect to them to spend most of the money, it hasn't happened yet. The savings rate jumped to 4.9% in December from 4.3% — the highest level since midsummer — as Americans chose to pocket more of their cash.
Falling energy costs are also pushing inflation lower and allowing Americans to stretch their paychecks further. Inflation as gauged by the PCE price index slipped 0.2% in December. And the core rate that excludes food and energy was unchanged.
The PCE index has risen a scant 0.7% in the past 12 months, the smallest increase since late 2009. And it could decline a bit further because of sharply lower energy costs.
Inflation is now running well below the Federal Reserve's 2% target, and that could lead the central bank to wait even longer before raising a key short-term interest rate for the first time since 2006.
Evernote has issued a notice to announce that it will allow a few employees to access users' notes to look after the machine learning technologies applied to content. Starting from January 23, a select set of employees will gain access to all users' data to 'help you get the most out of your Evernote experience'. While this change is new, further investigation reveals that some employees have had access for a while - for legal reasons.
Evernote claims that only a few employees will have the right to see your data. "This is primarily to make sure that our machine learning technologies are working correctly, in order to surface the most relevant content and features to you. While our computer systems do a pretty good job, sometimes a limited amount of human review is simply unavoidable in order to make sure everything is working exactly as it should," the notice reads. The company adds that these few employees who have access to user data are "subject to background checks and receive specific security and privacy training at least annually to ensure they are up to date on the latest privacy and security requirements and standards."
Users can opt out of machine learning if they so desire by heading to Account Setting and unchecking the 'Allow Evernote to use business data to improve my experience' box. However, Evernote adds that employees can still peek into your content even after you opt out of machine learning experience. It says. "And please note that you cannot opt out of employees looking at your content for other reasons stated in our Privacy Policy (under the section, "Does Evernote Share My Personal Information or Content?")." According to the policy provision, Evernote needs to do this to prevent fraud, illegal activities, and recognise threats.
9to5Mac notes that these other reasons in the Privacy Policy has been around for some time, but was only brought to light because of this January announcement. Thus, while users can opt out of machine learning, they cannot opt out of this privacy policy accessing of data.
In any case, this means that while you can stop Evernote from sifting through your data for better machine learning experiences, there is no way you can stop the employees from regularly accessing your data for legal reasons. If this disturbs you, then the only way to go is to leave Evernote and opt for an alternative.
Will you leave Evernote, or stick by it to enjoy its machine learning experience? Let us know in the comments below.
“It's really distressing that the Police Department is once again undertaking a new regime of personal data collection without any public discourse,” said Donna Lieberman, the executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, “and we don't know the reason for it, whether this is a necessary program, whether it's effective to address the concerns that it's designed to address, and whether in this day and age it's even cost-effective, not to mention whether there are any protections in place against the misuse of the data that's collected.”
Steven Banks, attorney in chief of the Legal Aid Society, said his office learned about the program on Friday in a phone call from the mayor's criminal justice coordinator.
“This is an unnecessary process,” Mr. Banks said. “It's unauthorized by the statutes and of questionable legality at best. The statutes specifically authorize collecting fingerprints. There has been great legislative debate about the extent to which DNA evidence can be collected, and it is limited to certain types of cases. So the idea that the Police Department can forge ahead and use a totally new technology without any statutory authorization is certainly suspect.”
Mr. Browne said a legal review by the department had concluded that legislative authorization was not necessary.
“Our legal review determined that these are photographs and should be treated the same as mug shots, which are destroyed when arrests are sealed,” he said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The technology uses high-resolution images to identify unique patterns in the iris, the colored part of the eye. It is considered less intrusive than retinal scanning, which looks at patterns in the blood vessels in the back of the eye and can reveal information about a person's health, raising privacy concerns.
The department's collection and use of electronic data have long been controversial. A new state law forced the department to halt electronic storage of the names and addresses of people stopped under the stop-and-frisk program but not charged or arrested.
The iris database has other implications as well, potentially providing the department with a tool in the fight against terrorism. The military has been using similar biometric technology in Iraq and Afghanistan to develop a database of potential insurgents, though Mr. Browne said that the Police Department's data was not intended for that use and that there had been no coordination with the Defense Department or the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the program.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Other police agencies and correctional facilities across the country also use iris recognition, though it was unclear on Monday how widespread the practice is.
Marc Rotenberg, the president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, which focuses on emerging privacy and civil liberties issues, said that law and policy had developed over time on the collection of fingerprints, and more recently DNA, in the criminal justice system, and that iris scans fell somewhere in between.
“It's a more accurate form of identification,” Mr. Rotenberg said of the scans, “but at the same time doesn't raise the same privacy concerns that DNA data has.”
The program will cost the city $500,000 to implement and is being paid for through a grant from the Department of Homeland Security, Mr. Browne said.
In March, a suspect charged in a string of robberies, who had served time in prison for attempted murder, claimed to be another man, who was facing a charge of marijuana possession, as they were about to be arraigned on Staten Island. The ruse worked and the suspect, Freddie Thompson, was released and remained free for 56 hours before he was recaptured. Another suspect, Michael Bautista, who was facing charges of assault and criminal mischief in the Bronx, escaped in the same manner in February and remains at large.
Mr. Browne said he had no statistics on how often suspects had escaped in this manner, but he said the problem was not widespread.
By David McNeill for EURObiZ Japan
Often dubbed a hawkish nationalist, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has lived up to his billing. Since he returned to power in late 2012, Japan has seen two consecutive rises in defense spending, as well as a record third request for ¥5.5 trillion, currently under deliberation.
In July, he pushed through a controversial reinterpretation of the nation's constitution, allowing Japan to come to the aid of its U.S. military ally. Earlier this year, Abe relaxed Japan's four-decade de-facto ban on arms sales abroad.
The decision to relax the arms export rules caught many in the European defence industries by surprise, according to Michel Theoval, EBC senior vice-chair and president of aerospace and defence firm GHT. “They were not at all prepared,” he says. “They thought it would take much more time; that it would be much more controversial.”
But Theoval says the Japanese side — especially the politicians — now want to move quickly.
To put the changes in context, Japan's defence budget still takes up only about 1% of Japan's gross domestic product (GDP), lower than China (1.3%) and a quarter of US defence spending, according to Japan's Ministry of Defense. By comparison, NATO's minimum budget requirement is 2% of GDP. Still, whether Abe's changes are viewed as dangerous sabre rattling or — as his supporters insist — a necessary recalibration of Japan's dysfunctional defence posture, few analysts have been left with any doubt that a new sheriff is in town.
The impact on Japan's biggest military contractors has been striking. Shares in 20 of the largest — including Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI), Mitsubishi Electronics and Kawasaki Heavy Industries — are up over 70% since Abe came to power, according to Goldman Sachs. The decision to loosen Japan's rules on collaborating with European and American companies, meanwhile, has created “interesting possibilities”, in the words of Lance Gatling, a leading Tokyo-based military analyst and broker. He predicts a string of small-scale tie-ups.
So far, however, the emphasis has been on “small”. One of the first collaborative projects announced is between Japan's main military research lab, the Technical Research and Development Institute, and Britain's Defence Science and Technology Laboratory, to develop chemical and biological protective suits for the battlefield. A steady stream of executives from the big European defence contractors has made its way to Japan since the guidelines were relaxed, but nobody has landed a big fish yet.
In business terms this is “disappointing”, accepts Bjorn Kongstad, policy director at the European Business Council in Japan. “Everyone is looking into it because there could be business opportunities,” he says. “The government was hoping there would be cooperation between Japanese and European countries, but it is fair to say that those projects have not taken off in the way some people had hoped.”
One reason is that Japan is carefully negotiating a series of bilateral agreements to prepare the groundwork. A key concern is potential sales of weapons or components to third world countries. That's a stumbling block in drawn-out negotiations with India, for instance, over nuclear technology with potential dual applications (energy and military).
“Japan seems to be saying, ‘OK, let's try a small step, then we'll try another one,' says Robin Wilson, former chairman of the EBC Defence Committee.
Japan's top business lobby, Keidanren, says the government will continue to tread carefully before giving a green light to export or collaborative agreements with overseas partners. “Still, the fact that we can cooperate with foreign companies is important,” adds Satoshi Tsuzukibashi, head of the lobby's Defence Production Committee. He says the relaxed defense guidelines will create “a change in mindset” in the domestic defence industry.
MHI and a delegation of contractors — including Mitsubishi Electronics, Kawasaki Steel, Hitachi, Fujitsu, Toshiba and NEC — dipped their toes in these new waters in June, when they booked their places at the Paris-based biennial Eurosatory, one of the world's biggest defence and security industry trade shows. On their first appearance at the event, they brought with them tank engines, radars, missile technology and other high-tech goodies.
Japan's decision to tour abroad for military contracts has raised eyebrows, yet Japan is hardly the only ostensibly pacifist country with a large defence industry. Peace-loving Sweden is the world's third-largest weapons exporter per capita, after Israel and Russia. Sweden's anti-tank missiles and other items have ended up in Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and other countries with spotty human-rights records, say critics. Germany sells more weapons than any other country besides the United States and Russia, according to The Economist.
Domestic contractors here have been insulated from this global arms market because for years they had a single customer — Japan's Self-Defense Forces (Air, Ground and Maritime). That has left a lot of domestic weaponry overpriced and noncompetitive, says Narushige Michishita, a security specialist at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies in Tokyo. The government wants to modernise Japan's arsenal and have a bigger say in global defence contracts, such as missile defence and the F-35 series of fighter planes [from Lockheed Martin, chosen by the Ministry of Defense], he says.
Some of the strongest contractors are also keen to spread their wings. MHI and Kawasaki Heavy Industries — which together make the Soryu-class submarine, the world's largest diesel-electric submarine — have been shopping the technology abroad. MHI also builds the guidance system and rocket motor for the Patriot air and missile defence system developed by Raytheon, one of the world's largest military contractors. “The new rules pave the way for shipments of both prototypes and mass-produced items,” says the Asian Nikkei Review.
Led by Abe and bureaucrats at METI (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) and the Ministry of Defense, Japan is slowly laying the groundwork for an industry that can punch its weight abroad. In July, Japan signed a deal with France that paves the way for joint development of military equipment. Germany and Italy are also knocking on Japan's door. Outside Europe, Japan has forged an agreement with Australia to collaborate in developing submarine technology, which involves the possible purchase of up to 10 Japanese-made submarines.
Will Japan be a big player in the global arms industry? Probably not, at least for now. For one thing, 70 years of pacifism means its weaponry is not battle tested — a major selling point for U.S. and Russian military contractors, says Robert Dujarric, head director, Institute of Contemporary Asian Studies, at Temple University, Japan Campus.
For another, Japan has little experience in the global military marketplace and cannot offer the same sales support as its competitors. “When the US sells arms to Japan or [South] Korea, it's implicitly part of the bigger package of American military support,” Dujarric points out. “Japan can't offer protection.”
Still, it is clear that Prime Minister Abe has changed the game, even if it isn't quite clear yet what the rules are.
© Japan Today
Well, having read the other reviews (after I made the purchase), I was worried I'd get a horrible disappointment in the mail. But nope! Looks like they've fixed their product. The money was good (no double 500 pokedollar bills), the tokens were beautiful, and everything was great! Family had a lot of fun playing it. It did feel like just your regular Monopoly though, I agree. We own several versions of Monopoly and some have their own special rules and mechanics. It would have been nice if this had a special Pokémon twist. I read about the "doubles" rules of the original game, but it didn't feel right implementing it if it's not in the actual rules of this version. And even then that's still pretty basic. Anywho, I'd still buy again just for the fact that I'm a big Pokémon fan and because this was the first time EVER that my spouse has played anything Pokémon related with me (been married 6 years). It was great xD Thanks, Monopoly, for making this possible.
As news of tumult in the White House continues to shock the world, users on betting sites are growing near certain that President Donald Trump is headed back to his tower of glass and gold.
Based on the most recent influx of bets placed on U.K.-based Ladbrokes, users seem to see a 60% chance that Trump will not last his first term in office, according to Matthew Shaddick, head of political betting at Ladbrokes. That's up from 25% immediately following the November elections.
“There's virtually no one betting on him to not be impeached—in total, literally a single figure amount,” wrote Lee Price, a representative for Betfair.
That finding may come as a surprise to critics of Trump, many of whom have speculated about the possibility for his impeachment in the wake of Trump's firing of former FBI director James Comey.
But getting in on the bets now might not be worth it—regardless if the President is impeached.
Say that immediately after the November elections a bettor decided to bet on Trump's impeachment within his first term. And say the bettor was also a fan of Tesla Motors and had been saving up for the automaker's highly anticipated Model 3 vehicle, which carries a $35,000 price tag. If Trump were indeed impeached within his first term, the bettor would have had to put in just $2,200 to walk away with enough value to buy a Model 3—a take of about $16 for every $1 bet.
But that was then, and this is now. If a bettor decided to stake his or her funds on Trump's impeachment today, the bettor would need to put in $35,000 on Betfair to earn back the Model 3's payment in full. In short, $1 for $1.
The betting markets don't have a great track record with impeachments. (Though there isn't much data to work with: only two U.S. Presidents have been impeached—Andrew Johnson in 1868 and Bill Clinton in 1998—and both were later acquitted.) At the height of the Monica Lewinsky scandal, bettors didn't think President Clinton was likely to be impeached. (At the time, a $1 bet would reap $6 in return.)
And then there's the matter of familiarity. Most bettors at Ladbrokes are not from the U.S. and most are amateur hobbyists, Shaddick said.
“There's been a lot of talk of removing the sitting president,” Shaddick said. “[Bettors] are likely overreacting to the latest piece of news. ”
Indeed, the odds vary from betting site to betting site. Bettors on Predict-It see only a 30% chance of Trump's impeachment.
As we near the precipice of NZ's inaugural 24 hours of LeMons, we decided to enter a car to the event. We have left it late and we're hopelessly under-prepared but that is potentially part of the attraction.
For those (few) of you that don't know of the event, 24 hours of LeMons is an endurance race that gives wannabe race-drivers the chance to dust off their old jalopy, take to the race track and race for 24 hours – Of course it's not quite as simple as that but that is the essence.
We've probably all had a car (bought at a bargain price) that failed to live up to our vision of it. Maybe too ugly or plain, electric windows failed regularly and only when it rained, over revved, under revved, smelt or in fact stank… the list goes on. Rather than scrapping it or (worse) making it someone else's problem – 24 hours of LeMons gives you another option – RACE IT. Provided it is worth below $999 you can enter.
24 hours of LeMons has been a hit in the States and across the ditch in Aus, so sports event promoter (and Chief LeMon squeezer) Jacob Simonsen decided that it was high time us Kiwi's got a go. We met with him a week ago and he explained that this is a way for the kiwi racing spectator to get off the couch and get involved. Although there is a lot of fun surrounding the event (themes, penalties, bribes – does this sound like F1?) all the safety measures are in place to give it a professional undertone. It's the first rung on the racing ladder and a way for us to get the motor racing bug.
We managed to get a hairdressers car that was in pieces and in disrepair – with a bit of bribery and whole lot of begging and pleading it looks like we're going to be there at the starting line – after that I have no idea. 6 drivers in our team, 24 hours of driving over 2 days on what looks to be a rainy weekend, in a car that costs under a grand, unprepared, unfit and inexperienced – it reeks of success doesn't it!
Looking through the list of teams, there are professional drivers and celebs (including Bad Motherduckers, Salty nuts, Stickmen, – for the first time ever –Rrrrrcacing Ray Williams and ALL his brothers, called the 10 willies) so our chances of a trophy win is (let's say) limited – we will be trying to bring you all the thrills and spills though.
Subscribe now to keep updated
Like this: Like Loading...
Image caption Mars One aims to found a human colony on the Red Planet by 2023
Mars One will launch its first unmanned mission to the Red Planet in 2016, its co-founder says.
The firm plans to establish a human settlement on Martian soil in 2023, by offering passengers a one-way ticket.
Mars One will send "a small craft that will demonstrate the technologies we need for our human colony" and is inviting partners to join the mission.
Bas Lansdorp revealed details of the test mission at the International Space Commerce 2013 Summit, in London.
The first step is to test whether conditions for sustaining humans can be created, by sending experimental systems on a lander.
"If you have a reason to get something to Mars, get in touch with me," Lansdorp told the conference.
"It could be a country that wants to do an experiment on Martian soil.
"I know the UK space agency has been interested in getting to Mars in the past. They could put something on our lander and get a payload there.
Mars One roadmap 2016 First unmanned demonstration mission lands
First unmanned demonstration mission lands 2018 Rover sent to Mars to determine the exact site of human colony
Rover sent to Mars to determine the exact site of human colony 2020 Cargo mission sent with supplies and to activate life support systems to create water and breathable atmosphere
Cargo mission sent with supplies and to activate life support systems to create water and breathable atmosphere 2023 First colonists land
"We also have consumer firms that are interested in becoming 'the first brand on Mars'."
Another idea is to allow a "high schools payload" similar to the recent Youtube Space Lab.
Full details will be revealed in December, by which point we may know who has made the initital shortlist to leave Earth forever.
More than 200,000 Earthlings from 140 countries have applied for the one-way ticket to the Red Planet.
The oldest applicant is 83. The youngest is still in primary school.
"We received an email from a kid who is eight years old saying: 'Why can't I apply? I'll be 18 when the first mission launches'," Lansdorp said.
Image caption A rover will land first to scout the best area
Some 80% of applicants are male, an imbalance that Lansdorp hopes can be addressed in time with publicity.
To enter the reality TV-style selection process, applicants had to submit a video introducing themselves and explaining why they should be chosen.
"Two movies really stuck with me," Lansdorp told the BBC.
[One applicant] 'video-shopped' himself into scenes from Star Wars, explaining why he should be the one to go to Mars Bas Lansdorp, Co-Founder, Mars One
"One guy created a Gangnam Style parody called Martian Style.
"Another guy 'video-shopped' himself into scenes from Star Wars, explaining why he should be the one to go to Mars."
The budding explorers gave "a whole number of different reasons" for going, Lansdorp told the summit.
"Many people want to do something great for mankind. It's a chance for immortality," he explained.
"Everyone watched Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin land on the Moon.
"Imagine when [our colonists] step onto Mars. Four billion people will be watching live on the internet."
Asked whether his venture is financially realistic, Lansdorp cited the enormous revenues likely from what he hopes will be the TV event of the century.
"We estimate $6bn to get the first four people on Mars and $4bn for every further group that follows.
"It's a lot of money. But look at the broadcasting revenue from the Olympics in London - $4bn in three weeks.
"The world was watching. And I want the whole world to be involved in Mars One."
He denied the venture was simply a spectacle, predicting that the mission will bring benefits we cannot yet imagine.
"Exploration is what we humans do. It inspires us to innovate," he said.
"There are two times when humans really innovate - in exploration and in war. And I don't like war."
Governments and central banks all over the world are gradually warming up to the idea of leveraging the unique advantages offered by blockchain technology — low-cost transactions permanently recorded in tamper-proof distributed ledgers — to modernize their financial systems.
According to sources familiar with the matter, the Indian government is considering a proposal to introduce its own cryptocurrency similar to Bitcoin, Business Standard reported last week. The new cryptocurrency would be managed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and could be called “Lakshmi.” Other central banks are exploring similar ideas.
Of course, that will take time, and the governments are unlikely to support important features that make Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies appealing to end users, such as mining and near-anonymous, paperwork-free transactions. Therefore, Bitcoin, Ethereum and at least some altcoins are likely to continue to prosper.
But some governments, such as China's, don't seem to like that. After banning Initial Coin Offerings (ICO), the Chinese government is moving to close the cryptocurrency exchanges operating in the country.
It appears that governments love blockchain technology but hate Bitcoin itself, as well as other “crypto-anarchic” digital currencies. Some governments are reacting in a panic because they are starting to realize that they can't stop Bitcoin from becoming an alternative to their monopoly on currency, both as a means of exchange and a store of value. Centralized cryptocurrency exchanges are especially vulnerable, and other governments could follow China.
A Role for Decentralized Exchanges
Decentralized exchanges that use peer-to-peer (P2P) technology to bypass the need for a central exchange provider are an interesting option that could make blockchain-based digital currencies much more resilient.
Decred recently introduced atomic swap support for exchange-free cryptocurrency trading, showing that, at least for crypto-to-crypto trading (for example, exchanging bitcoin for litecoin), it's perfectly possible to operate without exchanges. However, this doesn't solve the problem of crypto-to-fiat and fiat-to-crypto trading, which is arguably of top concern for cryptocurrency users.
“Atomic swaps are the first sign in a new wave of decentralization,” Decred project lead Jake Yocom-Piatt told Bitcoin Magazine. “As trustless exchanges between pairs of cryptocurrencies, they offer new efficiencies for users who don't need the formality of the traditional exchanges. It is going to be interesting to see how the trend develops, since for larger and more complex transactions with fiat currencies, LocalBitcoins and established exchanges are still the place to be.”
Coinffeine is developing an open-source, P2P Bitcoin exchange platform that will enable users to buy and sell bitcoins securely and anonymously, without having to rely on a centralized exchange. The project seems promising, but it hasn't shown much activity recently.
Bisq (formerly Bitsquare) provides an open-source desktop application that allows users to buy and sell bitcoins anonymously in exchange for national currencies or alternative cryptocurrencies. To protect users from fraud, both traders are required to place security deposits into a multisig-based escrow mechanism; the deposits are refunded after a trade completes. To handle disputes, Bisq features a decentralized and open arbitrator system. Bisq is now preparing to launch a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) and its BSQ token, a colored coin on the Bitcoin blockchain.
Decentralization and Freedom
Bitcoin Magazine reached out to Bisq developer Chris Beams for comments on government attacks on cryptocurrency exchanges, likely attack vectors and the impact of decentralized exchanges. Beams also offered a passionate and forceful defense of individual liberty against government over-interference.
“The panic has to set in at some point,” argued Beams. “But it will do so at different times for different governments, and will produce a range of responses from them when it does. I don't think China's recent actions — whether they're the product of panic or something more strategic — will necessarily cascade into similar actions in the U.S. or Europe. Shuttering all exchanges by diktat is the kind of textbook totalitarianism the world has come to expect from China, but a similar attack wouldn't work as well in the U.S. Even if it would, it would be a blunder for the U.S. to attack Bitcoin with such a blunt instrument. It would be suboptimal, a bad use of available resources. It would strengthen the decentralized exchanges that already exist and it would incentivize the creation of better, even more censorship-resistant ones.”
According to Beams, the U.S. in particular has much more effective tools at its disposal, especially Know Your Customer (KYC). The U.S. government forces nearly every centralized exchange, on day one of operation, to collect personal identity information about their users and to correlate trading activity with those identities.
Beams explained that U.S. corporations tend to take compliance seriously and actually do cooperate with these rules, meaning that U.S. regulatory agencies have, in principle at least, access to enough information to de-anonymize a large and growing percentage of all Bitcoin transactions. And plausible traceability of transactions is all they need to keep the threat of tax collection in force.
“If I were the U.S., I'd be ushering new Bitcoiners through the Coinbase cattle gate just as fast as they can be prodded,” said Beams. “If I were the U.S., I would have long since concluded there's nothing fundamental I can do to stop Bitcoin itself, so if I can't beat 'em, I'll at least make sure I can continue to tax 'em.”
The recent John Doe summons delivered to Coinbase by the IRS shows that KYC is the attack vector of choice for the U.S., which could result in billions in taxes reported by people who fear that their Bitcoin activity can be audited. KYC appears to be a much more effective long-term attack vector than heavy-handed shutdown orders.
“So yes, by all means, let's bring on the decentralized exchanges,” said Beams. “But they'd better be really and truly decentralized because if a government can stop them, they will — at least once they get big enough to become worth the effort. The attack vector with decentralized exchanges won't be KYC, though, because any decentralized exchange that implements KYC will instantly be abandoned by its users.”
The attack vector for decentralized exchanges, said Beams, will be “the good ole four horsemen of the infocalypse.” In other words, decentralized exchanges will be vilified as tools for drug dealers, terrorists, pedophiles and money launderers.
“It's the same script every time a government is interested in talking people out of their own freedoms. This attack vector won't work for the exchanges that have achieved escape velocity levels of decentralization, but it may stop some and will make life difficult for others.”
Beams suggested that the only way to really stop decentralized crypto-fiat exchanges would be to outlaw Bitcoin trading altogether. “This would force people to think twice about every trade, and to consider whether their counterparty might be an agent, which would result in a profound chilling effect.”
However, he thinks that this sort of heavy-handed attack seems unlikely to be attempted in the U.S. or Europe because there are just too many vested interests in Bitcoin now. It's more likely that the authorities will continue to insist on KYC, tolerate compliant centralized exchanges and demonize the decentralized ones.
“With all that having been said, I'm actually optimistic,” concluded Beams. “Attacks by state actors — real and threatened — are making every part of this ecosystem stronger. Bitcoin has proven itself anti-fragile as hell thus far, and by the time all the battles have been waged, what will emerge on the other side are alternatives to existing financial institutions — money, banks, exchanges and all the rest — that are actually better in every way than their traditional counterparts.
“We are being forced by the threat of state violence to design crypto-economic systems with the highest degrees of security, privacy and censorship resistance baked in from the protocol level up. That very pressure is what is propelling these solutions forward, I think, into a bright future of genuine financial freedom for people. I wouldn't be working on this stuff if I thought otherwise.”
$0.23 per can 82% savings save $73.44 yearly
I have found it!
And it is PERFECT!
... At least it's the best of the six "cream of chicken soup" recipes I've tested over the last year or so.
A big shout-out, and major kudos to Pennies & Pancakes reader, Katie, for submitting her recipe!
I now feel completely comfortable calling this my "go-to" recipe as a substitute for the canned yellow-y goo.
Since cream of chicken soup is a staple in many homes, I even took time to do the cost breakdown and price comparison. HUGE SAVINGS!!
The canned glop contains all kinds of... well... chemical junk I can't even pronounce.
... Plus there's the fact that when it squelches out of the can and plops into the pot, it looks like a mini Jabba the Hutt... and he's super gross.
If you don't know who Jabba the Hutt is... Behold:
Image courtesy of http://starwars.wikia.com
He's basically an emptied out can of cream of chicken soup with eyes.
All joking aside, the COOLEST thing about this recipe is its simplicity:
4 ingredients. 2 minutes. Done.
I've tried my hand at a few other recipes with longer ingredient lists, but this one still comes out on top. This is one of those instances where less is more.
The mix works perfectly as a sub for the canned stuff in soups, stews, casseroles, crock-pot dishes... basically ANY recipe that calls for cream of chicken soup.
Katie's original version calls for cornstarch. I prefer the texture/flavor/consistency of the version with all-purpose flour. It turns out great either way.
I used this mix just yesterday to make one of my all-time favorite fall-weather soups... (which will be featured in the next few days... wink, wink... nudge, nudge... be excited!...).
So.
NOW might be the perfect time to try your hand at this awesome mix.
You'll never go back!
Cream of Chicken Soup Mix
~ Savings ~
Cost Breakdown
25 lb. flour - $7.20 = 94.5 C = $0.077/C = $0.116
25.6 oz. non-fat dry milk - $7.78 = 10.7 C = $0.729/C = $1.458
15 oz. dry minced onions - $12.60 = 80 T = $0.158/T = $0.316
16 oz. chicken base - $3.98 = 76 tsp = $0.52/tsp = $0.624
Total Recipe Cost = $2.51
Cost Per Serving (Can) = $0.23
The Contender
Campbell's Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup (10.75 oz.) = $1.25
Savings: 82%
"Over a Year" Scenario
Use 72 cans (6/month) Campbell's Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup = $90.00
Use equivalent Cream of Chicken Soup Mix = $16.56
Money Saved = $73.44
*Makes approx. 11 servings (equivalent to 1 can)1 1/2 C. flour (or 3/4 C. cornstarch... I like flour best)2 C. non-fat dry milk2 Tbsp. dried minced onions1/4 C. chicken base (or similar... I useIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the dry ingredients. Cut in the chicken base with a fork or pastry cutter till thoroughly blended. Pour mixture into a ziplock bag.Combine 1/3 cup mix with 1 1/4 cups water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Stir constantly, and allow boiling for 1 minute. Remove from heat, and use as desired.
A GOLD Coast policeman has been suspended for allegedly exposing himself after a work Christmas party.
The Coolangatta constable, allegedly harassed his co-workers with his behaviour, leading to a complaint to the Ethical Standards Command, the internal affairs ­investigation unit.
The allegations are now the centre of a full-scale investigation.
They come as Queensland police have been accused of trying to clean up the Gold Coast without publicly having to admit there is a problem.
DISGUISED UNMARKED POLICE CAR SPARKS SOCIAL MEDIA OUTRAGE
4.2M MONSTER SHARK 100M FROM SURFERS
At least 11 officers from the Gold Coast and Logan have been suspended for serious allegations, ranging from domestic violence to possessing dangerous drugs to sexual harassment, since October, 2014.
The Queensland Police Service declined to comment on the suspensions but confirmed eight officers were still suspended — the highest of any region in the state.
Civil libertarians yesterday slammed the police service as clandestine and called for transparency around internal investigations.
Queensland Council for Civil Liberties vice-president Terry O'Gorman said “high-level” officers were hiding details of the investigations through a restrictive and “uninformative” media strategy.
“Our position is that the senior executive is trying to clean up the Gold Coast without publicly acknowledging there is a problem,” he said.
“Whenever a police officer is suspended or stood down, a meaningless one or two-line press release is sent out and there is no follow-up.
“When a journalist follows up with police media, they are told to go away.
“I would say there is a deliberate, high-level, media strategy by police to put out uninformative press releases on a discreet basis and hope no one in the media will draw the threads together to discover significant trends, like 11 officers being stood down from one region all in a row.
“It prevents people from looking at the bigger picture.”
Yesterday's announcement of the Coolangatta constable's suspension also came as a final report on a wideranging cultural review into police on the Gold Coast receives consideration from the region's executive leadership team.
The cultural review was ordered in August last year after a string of scandals and allegations about the behaviour of police on the Glitter Strip.
Allegations of sex between officers on desks and in squad cars, racial and sexual vilification, workplace bullying and police brutality were raised during the review, completed late last month.
The regional executive is now considering a final report.
Mr O'Gorman called on the QPS to release monthly updates about officer suspensions, fearing the cases would simple disappear from public scrutiny.
“They should be obligated to post updates about these cases,” he said.
“Most of these allegations are very serious and the public needs to know police are held to account for their actions.”
SOUTH EAST REGION POLICE SUSPENSIONS
8/01/15
A 22 year old male Constable suspended for allegedly harrasing members of the Queensland Police Service.
24/12/2015
A constable was alleged to have engaged in harassment and accessed confidential information without an official purpose.
15/12/2015
A 47-year-old male Senior Sergeant was suspended for allegedly having breached a domestic and family violence protection order.
06/11/15
A senior constable was suspended for failing to comply with an official direction relating to an earlier ‘stand down' notice, and as a consequence was suspended from duty.
16/10/15
A 43-year-old male Senior Constable was suspended allegedly engaging in inappropriate discussions with others of a sexual nature, and using the Queensland Police Service computer system without an official purpose.
30/09/15
A Constable was suspended after allegations he victimised another officer in the workplace.
24/09/2015
A Senior Constable, who was stood down on March 2 2015, was suspended due to criminal allegations of assault.
25/04/2015
A 40 year-old male senior constable was arrested and charged with a number of offences including possession of unlicensed weapons.
02/04/2015
A female constable was suspended after allegations that while off duty the officer has driven her private vehicle in a dangerous manner.
29/10/2014
The 48 year-old male detective senior constable was issued with a Notice to Appear before the Southport Magistrates Court for three charges of possessing dangerous drugs.
16/10/2014
A 38-year-old woman was facing allegations of misconduct in relation to disciplinary matters.
Before this Thunder season, I predicted that Dion Waiters could maybe, just maybe, be poised for a moderate breakout in 2015-16. The Year of the Dion, I said. This has become the year of Waiters, but not like I envisioned. I love the dude, and have been rooting for him since he was a rookie. But this season has confirmed what Cleveland believed when trading him to Oklahoma City: he doesn't belong in a championship contender's rotation.
Winning a ton of games behind stellar play from Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook, as everyone is aware, hasn't been enough to keep pace with the historically great seasons the Warriors and Spurs are putting together. Production from the shooting guard spot is constantly cited as one of the Thunder's greatest weaknesses, something holding them back from reaching the West's top tier. But the truth is, Waiters' role with the team would be alarming in any season, regardless of the competition.
Dion has played over a season's worth of games with the Thunder, fitting in with the locker room, shooting less, and appearing to genuinely try to fulfill the kind of role the team needs from him. Good intentions aside, he's failed to ever "figure it out" beyond the occasional streak of two or three good games. Lots of folks are now wondering if he's fatally flawed as an NBA player, a second coming of Jordan Crawford destined to light it up in China sooner than later. Crawford's last NBA season (2013-14) was actually significantly better than this season has been for Waiters. Crawford averaged 11 points to Waiters' 9.7, doing so in 23 minutes a game to Waiters' 27. He shot better from the floor, dished out more assists, and had an ugly -1.8 box plus minus, compared to a grotesque -2.9 for Waiters this year. Crawford had his minutes per game cut to 9.8 for the Warriors in the playoffs, and hasn't been on an NBA roster since. At this point, Waiters isn't even Crawford.
Role and Player
Waiters are fourth in minutes for the Thunder, getting more run than Steven Adams, Enes Kanter, and Andre Roberson (whose knee sprain figures to exacerbate the Waiters problem), players who have had a much more positive effect on offense, defense, or both, than the Dion. The team's offensive rating slips from 110.5 when he's off the court to 108.2 when he's on it, and their defense slides from a 98.2 rating to 102.6 when he checks in (from NBA Stats). The severity of those splits are less severe because Waiters sees so much time with the starters, subbing in early and closing out games alongside Durant, Westbrook, and Serge Ibaka (he has the most minutes in combos with each of any non-starter).
That ghastly box plus-minus stat is a better indicator of individual performance, and it's damning. According to Basketball-Reference.com, over the last 10 seasons, no team has reached the conference finals with a player receiving top-5 minutes and a BPM below -2.5, with one exception: Udonis Haslem, who was almost as bad as Dion the year Miami beat OKC in the Finals. He had a -2.8 BPM while playing 24.8 minutes a night. Waiters would be the worst, most heavily featured rotation cog on a final-four team in at least a decade were the Thunder to exceed expectations and get that far.
The only Thunder players with as close to a negative impact on this year's Thunder have been Kyle Singler and Mitch McGary, who together have played 765 fewer minutes than Waiters. Excluding McGary and Steve Novak (76 combined minutes all year), Waiters has the third-worst PER on the Thunder, the third-worst true shooting percentage, is second-worst in win shares, and very worst in value over replacement player. The only statistical categories where he approaches being even an average Thunder reserve are on the defensive side of the ball, which is moot because Roberson outclasses him in those categories anyway.
Code Red
It's true that the occasional steady game from Waiters tends to not hurt the team, and the rare good game from him is some gravy that usually helps contribute to a win. That's okay for the 10th guy off the bench—it's an unacceptably anemic goal for the sixth man on a contender. As the wins have stacked up and Billy Donavan has shuffled his rotations, shifting expectations have masked just how poorly Waiters has continued to play.
This is a crisis. You can't give starters' minutes to a player this bad.
And it's a uniquely Thunderian crisis, because of their consistent (stubborn?) 2-guard philosophy. Donavan, like Scott Brooks before him, believes in starting a defense-only shooting guard like Roberson. But like his predecessor, Donavan does not believe in finishing games with said specialist, rather leaning on the offensive punch of a sixth man guard throughout most of the game. This has been the featured role for James Harden, Kevin Martin, Reggie Jackson, and now Waiters. When the Thunder acquired Waiters, they didn't want comparisons made to Harden. No one would have made any without the jersey number fiasco, and no one is silly enough to think the organization viewed Waiters as a Harden-level talent, two years removed from The Trade. But the team hasn't let go of the Harden role—an outsized sixth man who played starters' minutes and closed out games with the stars. They did envision Waiters filling that role, immediately slotting him into it over Reggie Jackson, who had filled it quite nicely in his last stretch with the Thunder.
If this team wants to be its best with this roster, the shape of that role or the player in it must change. My irritation with Donavan's rotation choices has ebbed and flowed, but when it last peaked I made a simple point: the first step to improving your rotation should be playing the better players more than you play the worst players. Team philosophy must be overridden if the talent tanks the organization's theories.
It's Time for a Change
Any trade talks should center on replacing Waiters' time. Any rotational tweaks should aim at Waiters' minutes first and foremost. D.J. Augustin was swiftly replaced by rookie Cam Payne to much fanfare, but the Payne experiment should not end at backup point guard duties; it is more important to find out if the rookie can play alongside Westbrook in the backcourt. The reintroduction of Singler into the rotation should not first be about whether he's a better overall player than Anthony Morrow, or how he works in smaller lineups; it should first be about whether he can eat more of Waiters' minutes at the 2.
If the Thunder manage to reach or come close to the Finals this season, the historic performance of the Durant/Westbrook duo will be rightfully praised. The anomaly of a player doing as poorly as Waiters in a huge role on an elite team would be nearly as remarkable. And if their title hopes evaporate early in the postseason? The plentiful, ignored evidence of his drain on the team's production will be just as incriminating for the franchise's roster choices as the Harden trade is now.
Smartphones have taken over our lives in more ways than one! Not only can we can never go back to the day of those simple flip phones, but with new technology advancing faster than ever, there's a new model or upgrade like every other month practically. But it seems they sometimes have a mind of their own, especially with auto correcting texts into being sexually misunderstood words and phrases…but damn are they hilarious! Here are 20 of the funniest auto corrected texts…hope you laugh your ass off! Happy Hump day!
20. TUNA IN PUSS
19. DICKINABOX
18. PHASER PUSSY
17. MOM'S ROSY BUSH
16. LONDON RIOTS
15. PANCOCKS
14. EATING MOM'S CHOCOLATE COOCHIE
13. NAILING TEACHER
12. DATING A FELON
11. CAMELTOE
10. BREAKING FINGER
9. BORING VAGINA
8. BIWEEKLY LAY
7. SLIPPERY VAGINA
6. MUST LABIA
5. HORNY GUMMY BROADS
4. STINKY COCK
2. CUMMING OVER
Rob Shehadie, right, co-created Here Come the Habibs.
For those who haven't seen the promos for Channel Nine's new comedy, Here Come the Habibs, the general premise is that an Australian Lebanese family wins the lottery and moves from the lower socio-economic suburb of Lakemba in Sydney's west to the affluent Eastern Suburbs of Sydney.
Here's how Screen Australia describes the show it hopes will bring a "fresh comic perspective to multicultural Australia". The Habib family's new neighbours, the O'Neills, are "Vaucluse royalty – old money and proud of it".
"They're extremely uncomfortable with goats and chickens, shisha pipes and people of Mediterranean appearance, but the Habibs can't understand what all the fuss is about."
Goats, chickens and shisha pipes? Yes, because Middle Eastern people commonly have chickens and goats in suburbia. Look, we're just a really uncivilised bunch. Mind if I start this spit on your front lawn and make a kebab?
Advertisement
The show panders to so many stereotypes and racist ideas – Lebs in Vaucluse? How hilarious! – that it's hard not to feel angry, which is why I started this petition.
I am a first generation Lebanese Australian. My parents were both born in Lebanon. They met and married here and have lived here most of their lives. We are an atheist family though I was baptised, as my family's religious ancestry is Maronite. I have always felt a deep connection to my family's cultural heritage – the incredible food, the wonderful music, the tradition and importance of family, the storytelling of my father about Lebanon, my mother's Australianised version of the Lebanese language.
Despite this beautiful culture, I have experienced a great deal of racism because of my heritage. Growing up, the standard jokes were about hairiness, garlic smells and funny accents (even though I didn't and don't have one). The terms Leb, Lebbo and Wog were bandied about carelessly by non-Lebanese. These days the most common thing I hear is "You don't look Lebanese". Actually, I do, just not like the Lebanese portrayed on Australian television – caricatures and stereotypes pandering to white ideas of what Lebanese people look like.
Because most people don't realise I am of Lebanese descent, I have sat around many tables where friends of friends have launched into racist diatribes about Lebanese people based on perpetuated myths (all gangsters/thugs/uneducated etc). I've even sat across from an off-duty police officer who declared "I f---ing hate the Lebanese". I've seen a 15-year-old Lebanese Muslim girl cry as she described having the hijab torn off her head on the school bus. I could go on.
I don't know what's funny about any of that – do you?
And that's what most of the criticism directed at me boils down to – my apparent inability to take a joke. The majority of the people who have told me to calm down are white people. People who sit at the very pinnacle of privilege in this country. People who have no idea what it's like to experience the threat of violence because of the colour of their skin. People who've never had racist slurs yelled at them from across the street. People who haven't had to deal with the systematic racism in this country. Apparently, Australia's humour is that larrikin behaviour of 'good natured' teasing. Well, who's laughing at white people? On national television? Pandering to stereotypes which further racist experiences?
Those same critics pointed to Chris Lilley – who uses black face and yellow face to play Asian, Tongan and other characters – as a comedian who laughs at everyone equally. This view is so incredibly flawed – once again, he is a white male poking fun at marginalised groups. For humour to be equal, history has to be equal, and that is, of course, not the case – colonialism, oppression and marginalisation ensure absolute inequality.
Kath and Kim is another show used in defence of "Australian" humour – this classist show poked fun at those in lower socio-economic circumstances (as does Housos). All this humour is based on othering – making fun of the marginalised, the down-trodden, those that are outside the so-called "mainstream". And isn't that the crux of Australian humour? Making fun of anyone not white, not middle-class, not "mainstream"? Haven't we moved beyond Acropolis Now, Wog Boy and Fat Pizza? Given the high level of Islamophobia and anti-Arab sentiment in this country right now, the timing of this show beggars belief.
Here Come the Habibs was created by a mix of Lebanese and non-Lebanese people and written and directed predominantly by non-Lebanese people. Many of those defending the show argue the involvement of a handful of Lebanese people makes the stereotyping OK – it absolutely does not. It is simply colonialism doing what it does best.
I have the right, as an Australian Lebanese person, to push back against these stereotypes and to call out racism where I see it – in fact, I believe I have an obligation to do so. I would do the same if a show written by women was misogynistic even though I'm a woman. I don't speak on behalf of all Lebanese Australians – and neither do the creators of this program, including the Lebanese ones.
For those of you who claim I have no sense of humour, I challenge you instead to rethink your ideas about humour and engage with intelligent, compassionate humour instead – it's a powerful tool when used well.
Here come the Habibs? There goes progressive Australia.
Candy Royalle is an activist, writer and performance artist. Follow her on Twitter @CandyRoyalle
As we all turn our eyes towards Tokyo for the next OpenStack Summit edition the time has come to make your voice heard as to which talks you would like to attend while you are there. Remember, even if you are not attending the live event many sessions get recorded and can be viewed later so make your voice heard and influence the content!
Let me suggest a couple talks under the theme of DevOps, Continuous Integration, and Continuous Delivery – remember to vote for your favorites by midnight Pacific Standard Time on July 30th and we will see you in Tokyo!
Continuous Integration is an important topic, we can see this through the amount of effort deployed by the OpenStack CI team. OpenStack deployments all over the globe cover a wide range of possibilities (NFV, Hosting, extra services, advanced data storage, etc). Most of them come with their technical specificities including hardware, uncommon configuration, network devices, etc.
This make these OpenStack installation unique and hard to test. If we want to properly make them fit in the CI process, we need new methodology and tooling.
Rapid innovation, changing business landscapes, and new IT demands force businesses to make changes quickly. The DevOps approach is a way to increase business agility through collaboration, communication, and integration across different teams in the IT organization.
In this talk we'll give you an overview of a platform, called Software Factory, that we develop and use at Red Hat. It is an open source platform that is inspired by the OpenStack's development's workflow and embeds, among other tools, Gerrit, Zuul, and Jenkins. The platform can be easily installed on an OpenStack cloud thanks to Heat and can rely on OpenStack to perform CI/CD of your applications.
One of the best success stories to come out of OpenStack is the Infrastructure project. It encompasses all of the systems used in the day-to-day operation of the OpenStack project as a whole. More and more other projects and companies are seeing the value of the OpenStack git workflow model and are now running their own versions of OpenStack continuous integration (CI) infrastructure. In this session, you'll learn the benefits of running your own CI project, how to accomplish it, and best practices for staying abreast of upstream changes.
In order to provide better quality while keeping up on the growing number of projects and features lead Red Hat to adapt it's processes. Moving from a 3 team process (Product Management, Engineering and QA) to a feature team approach each embedding all the actors of the delivery process was one of the approach we took and which we are progressively spreading.
We delivered a very large number of components that needs to be engineered together to deliver their full value, and which require delicate assembly as they work together as a distributed system. How can we do this is in in a time box without giving up on quality?
Learn how to get a Vagrant environment running as quickly as possible, so that you can start iterating on your project right away.
I'll show you an upstream project called Oh-My-Vagrant that does the work and adds all the tweaks to glue different Vagrant providers together perfectly.
This talk will include live demos of building docker containers, orchestrating them with kubernetes, adding in some puppet, and all glued together with vagrant and oh-my-vagrant. Getting familiar with these technologies will help when you're automating Openstack clusters.
In the age of service, core builds become a product in the software supply chain. Core builds shift from a highly customized stack which meets ISV software requirements to an image which provides a set of features. IT Organization shift to become product driven organizations.
This talk will dive into the necessary organizational changes and tool changes to provide a core build in the age of service and service contracts.
http://crunchtools.com/files/2015/07/Core-Builds-in-the-Age-of-Service.pdf
http://crunchtools.com/core-builds-service/
We will start with a really brief introduction of Openstack services we will use to build our app. We'll cover all of the different ways you can control an OpenStack cloud: a web user interface, the command line interface, a software development kit (SDK), and the application programming interface (API).
After this brief introduction on the tools we are going to use in our hands on lab we'll get our hands dirty and build a application that will make use of an OpenStack cloud.
This application will utilize a number of OpenStack services via an SDK to get its work done. The app will demonstrate how OpenStack services can be used as base to create a working application.
The owner of Bow Truss Coffee Roasters, an upscale coffee shop chain, has been charged with domestic battery after attacking a woman, police said.
Phil I. Tadros, 37, bit a 29-year-old woman's right thumb while the two were arguing Thursday, according to Officer Thomas Sweeney, a spokesman for Chicago police.
Tadros then knocked her to the ground, causing her to suffer abrasions to her arm, Sweeney said. Paramedics were called and she was treated on the scene, Sweeney said.
Tadros, of the 3600 block of North Wayne Avenue, was arrested the same day, at 5:15 p.m., and charged with one count of misdemeanor domestic battery, bodily harm, Sweeney said. He appeared Friday before Judge Caroline Kate Moreland, who set bail at $2,000 during a hearing in Domestic Violence Court. His next court date is Sept. 2.
Tadros declined to comment when reached Monday evening.
Tadros is the founder and CEO of Bow Truss Coffee Roasters, a Lakeview-based chain with several Chicago locations.
Bow Truss is among a number of independent coffee shops, including Big Shoulders Coffee, Metropolis and Intelligentsia, that process their own beans.
Tadros got into the coffee business in 2000 after dropping out of Columbia College and persuading his family to lend him $13,000 to buy a coffee shop known as Don's Coffee Club. He made enough money and then some to pay his family back and sold the operation in less than a year.
He opened the first Bow Truss in Lakeview in 2012.
Did you like the performance of an actor in one take versus another, but the camera move only works for one or the other?
Or maybe you've decided that a performance should change more gradually in a given take. All of that is possible with new software from Disney Research and the University of Surrey called FaceDirector, which is aimed at letting you choose which facial performance you'd like in a given scene from multiple takes:
For those crying foul about manipulating faces or the integrity of the scene, these things are already being done all the time. Another common technique is actually physically removing the entire actor rather than just changing the face (which requires more work). This is something David Fincher likes to do quite a bit, especially when the camera move is particularly difficult or he wants to use different takes of a wide shot at the same time.
It's worth noting if you didn't realize already that this is still in the research phase, so don't expect to be able to purchase a copy of FaceDirector tomorrow. Here's more on their technique, which avoids the 3D reconstruction that's typically employed today:
We present a method to continuously blend between multiple facial performances of an actor, which can contain different facial expressions or emotional states. As an example, given sad and angry video takes of a scene, our method empowers a movie director to specify arbitrary weighted combinations and smooth transitions between the two takes in post-production.
Our contributions include (1) a robust nonlinear audio-visual synchronization technique that exploits complementary properties of audio and visual cues to automatically determine robust, dense spatio-temporal correspondences between takes, and (2) a seamless facial blending approach that provides the director full control to interpolate timing, facial expression, and local appearance, in order to generate novel performances after filming. In contrast to most previous works, our approach operates entirely in image space, avoiding the need of 3D facial reconstruction. We demonstrate that our method can synthesize visually believable performances with applications in emotion transition, performance correction, and timing control.
There are tons of potential uses for this software, and while it did seem to work when the camera was moving, I expect the best looking result to come from a scene where the actor is in a similar spot with similar lighting. Though this could be considered part of the "fix it in post" method, it's very possible that the two great reactions you'd like to use are just in different takes. To me, that's not using post as a crutch, but as a way to utilize every piece of material you shot on set. When there's no money to go back and reshoot, if tools like these can be made affordable, they could be a huge help.
This also isn't Disney Research's first rodeo with this sort of thing, they've been developing all sorts of amazing technologies, including automatic redubbing and new techniques for creating HDR video:
For more on FaceDirector, check out the in-depth paper here.
Wikileaks proves Hillary behind long list of negative scandals pushed about Obama
The recent Wikileaks email hacks have focused primarily on the corruption of Hillary Clinton. To their credit, there is a lot to work with when it comes to Crooked Hillary's wrongdoings, but she isn't the only person who has been proven to be untrustworthy through the email leaks. Her entire campaign — and much of the Democratic Party — have been revealed to be both corrupt and incredibly evil through these revelations.
Furthermore, it has been discovered that Hillary Clinton is responsible for many of the things that have been widely blamed on the Republican Party — most notably the negativity surrounding Barack Obama's 2008 campaign.
Yes, the Clinton campaign is responsible for many of the scandals regarding President Obama. Go figure. This is quite humorous considering the fact that Hillary has been claiming that Donald Trump is racist for questioning Barack Obama's birth certificate, but she herself was the one pushing that story. Hillary Clinton is the original birther!
Aaron Kesel of We Are Change analyzed the emails, writing, “So someone in the Clinton campaign tried to work in some negative poll questions about Obama two of which are out right racist. In another question the Clinton campaign alleges that Obama would ‘personally negotiate with the leaders of terrorist nations like Iran and North Korea without preconditions.'”
These were the people pushing the widespread hatred of Barack Obama all along, yet they are the same people that are now claiming that anyone who ever had something negative to say about the current president is an evil racist bigot. It's frustrating but this is nothing new when it comes to the Regressive Left. They are an extremely hypocritical bunch through and through.
All of these emails just further prove the fact that Hillary Clinton will stop at nothing in order to get what she wants. There is no such thing as stooping too low in her mind and her entire corrupt campaign is behaving the same way once again. Her entire 2016 presidential run has been built on lies, scandals and smear ads. For someone who claims to be so confident in herself, it's clear that both Hillary and her goons are extremely uncomfortable with their legitimacy.
There's no way to properly prepare for what a Hillary Clinton presidency may entail, but the last thing any of us need is to see what actually happens if she is elected. We have to get out to the polls and make our voices heard. We have to send the message that we don't want this crook in control.
Sources:
WeAreChange.org
NewRepublic.com
NationalReview.com
Just when it seemed the media were starting to accept Donald Trump's front-runner status after South Carolina, we had a newspaper throwing a temper tantrum.
New York's Daily News, ticked off at the outcome, blamed the voters with this front-page screamer: “CONFEDERACY OF DUNCES.”
In other words, TABLOID TO VOTERS: YOU'RE ALL LOSERS.
And the lead of the story was just as insulting: “The piggish voters of South Carolina gobbled up the slop that Donald Trump served up Saturday — handing the bloodthirsty billionaire his second straight Republican presidential primary win.”
I know the News, which is becoming a sad parody, despises Trump, having depicted him as a clown and, during his dustup with the Pope, the “ANTICHRIST.”
But that doesn't seem much different than the Huffington Post reacting to Donald Trump's first primary victory with a red-letter headline: “NH GOES RACIST SEXIST XENOPHOBIC.”
And it illustrates how, when it comes to Trump, some in the media are moving from denial to anger.
I wonder if a New York Times piece on the eve of the South Carolina primary is a more polite and sophisticated way of getting at the same point—that the voters are to blame for making a lousy decision.
The Times has on-the-record quotes to back up its story line, but the underlying assumption is that Trump is just bad news:
“Republicans in South Carolina have in recent years raced ahead of the national party in presenting an inclusive face to voters.”
But in the face of this admirable progress comes a likely Trump victory: “For party leaders and mainstream voters here, it may come as a kind of deflating climax…
“His results in the two early-voting states so far have alarmed more traditional Republicans, who fear that a Trump nomination would solidify for nonwhite voters an image of Republicans as an angry and intolerant party…
“The fear among Republican leaders here is that a smashing victory for Mr. Trump would say more about the party, and about the state, potentially undermining South Carolina's image as a more welcoming place that is no longer defined by figures like Strom Thurmond.”
Got it? The Palmetto State is now a “welcoming place,” but for Trump to win the primary would make South Carolina look like it was back in Thurmond's segregationist era.
As Trump has continued to gain strength, he's attracting a different kind of bad press, which tries to blame others—the culture, the media, the Republican Party—for what these critics see as the awful phenomenon that is The Donald.
Slate, in the process of slamming MSNBC's town hall with Trump, complains that “the media's coverage of Trump has been soft, insufficient, and without substance” because it has failed to deal with “months of bigoted comments and almost pathological dishonesty.”
“It's that the media's relationship with Trump should worry Hillary Clinton, assuming each of them vanquishes their primary opponents. I would have said six months ago, perhaps naïvely, that a blatantly bigoted candidate would face such a sustained media firestorm (especially in liberal precincts) that he would be incapable of getting elected. That's not yet the case. Indeed, there are no signs that the media's sick, interminable honeymoon with Trump will come to an end anytime soon.”
Think about that. Trump is a bigoted and pathological liar, so any coverage that doesn't portray him that way, or confront him with his many sins, is embarrassingly anemic.
National Review Editor Rich Lowry, a fierce Trump critic, says in Politico that Trump is defining decorum down:
“We've grown used to how Trump has treated Jeb Bush in the debates, but that doesn't make it any less appalling a breach of political norms or basic decency.
The faces he makes while Bush talks, the constant interrupting, the petty put-downs — all of this would have been thought unworthy of the lowest political guttersnipe but have become an accepted part of the landscape thanks to Donald J. Trump…
“The key to Trump's strength, which buttresses all his outrageousness, is that his supporters want someone to blow up the system. So there's almost nothing he can say or that will discredit him in their eyes, and the least destructive scenario for his defeat — Trump blows himself up — will take some doing on his part.
“It's all very entertaining — but so are demolition derbies.”
Now there's an eye-catching metaphor.
National Review's David French says both Trump and Bernie Sanders have risen from “the wreckage of a broken culture”:
“The conservative culture we do have is still a celebrity culture, and Donald Trump has taken it by storm.
“The secret of his continued dominance is that he does anger bigger and better than anyone else, and his fans are willing to forgive or even cheer any transgression against conservative principle or simple good taste as a result. All manner of cruelty and lies can be justified by fury at the Left, by rage at the ‘GOPe,' or by the cry of ‘the other side does it.'
“Conservative leaders who were used to being the angriest and least politically correct people in the room now find themselves in the uncomfortable position of saying ‘no' — of saying that some things shouldn't be said and some ideas are genuinely offensive.”
Back to the left, Salon paints Trump as a Frankenstein created by a pathetic GOP:
“What makes Trump unique isn't his shameless sophistry or his crass rhetoric; he simply does what most politicians – especially on the right – have always done, only better and without limits. He knows his supporters – a majority of whom are old and white – don't care about policies (many of them have been voting against their own interests for years anyway), and so he goes straight to their sense of identity. Of course he can't make Mexico pay for a wall, but promising to do so assuages their fears of a country in which white people will, eventually, be a minority. If they cared about their jobs, that rage would be directed at the corporations that shipped them overseas, not the brown people coming here to park cars and pick fruit…
“The GOP now consists mostly of old and angry white people who are rejecting a world they don't like or understand. The nativism and hysteria animating Trump's campaign has been at the center of Republican politics for a long time – Trump is simply capitalizing on it.”
Old angry white guys, blatant bigotry, confederacy of dunces. Not much attempt here to discern why Trump has won the first two primary states—and giving him more ammunition that the press treats him unfairly.
WASHINGTON -- Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) on Sunday stood by eyebrow-raising comments he made in May, insisting that he was praising immigrants when he compared selecting visa recipients to choosing a "good bird dog."
"It was a compliment ... They knew it was a compliment, they turned it into an insult because they're professional hyperventilators," the immigration hardliner said in an interview on Des Moines NBC affiliate WHO-TV, posted by a site run by the campaign of his Democratic opponent, Christie Vilsack.
King said at a town hall earlier this year that when picking a good bird dog, it is important to avoid choosing "the one that's sleeping in the corner." He then added that immigrants to the United States should be looked at in the same way.
"You get the pick of the litter and you got yourself a pretty good bird dog. Well, we've got the pick of every donor civilization on the planet," King said at the time. "We've got the vigor from the planet to come to America."
The WHO-TV anchor also asked about other controversial comments King has made, such as saying in July that President Barack Obama's mother "might've announced [his birth] by telegram from Kenya" to Hawaii, where Obama was born and a birth announcement appeared -- essentially an endorsement of the idea that the president might not have born in the United States.
King said Sunday he never claimed Obama wasn't born in the United States, and that he was simply repeating the concerns of others. Still, he didn't fully disavow birtherism.
"I don't know where he was born, but I don't see the indication that he was born anywhere else," he said.
King also stood behind claims that Huma Abedin, a top aide to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, may have ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.
"If you look at her family connections and the family orientation, I think it's very clear," he said. "I don't have all her family committed to memory and the family tree, but there's a strong connection that's there, it does exist. ... It appears to be the objective truth."
The WHO-TV anchors went on to ask King about his views on contraception and abortion. He said he has no opinion on whether states should be able to ban contraception -- although he has spoken before about why they may be constitutionally allowed to ban it. He said that he was simply relaying one side's argument, but he also did not say he disagrees with it. King said he has "not taken a position on the sale of contraceptives at all."
On abortion, he said he would consider supporting exceptions for incest and statutory rape. He previously said he hasn't heard of anyone getting pregnant from such situations, and currently supports federal funding for abortion only after "forcible" rape.
"I would be open to discussion, I have not considered it," he said of allowing abortion funding in cases of incest and statutory rape. "The subject had never been brought up to me in all my public life before that interview. And when I say that I'm open to discussion, I'm open to discussion, but I'm not coming to a conclusion."
King currently leads Vilsack by four points, according to an estimate from HuffPost Pollster.
Watch the interview:
The Bitcoin community is facing one of the most momentous decisions in its six-year history. The Bitcoin network is running out of spare capacity, and two increasingly divided camps disagree about what, if anything, to do about the problem.
If these two sides fail to reach a consensus, the Bitcoin network could — according to one side, at least — slowly grind to a halt as the number of transactions exceeds the network's capacity to process them. Even worse, if a fix for this problem is forced through prematurely, it could split the Bitcoin network in two and permanently damage public trust in the network.
The argument is the closest thing the Bitcoin community has had to a constitutional crisis. Bitcoiners are trying to figure out who, if anyone, has the authority to make technical changes to the Bitcoin network's foundations. So far, neither side in the increasingly heated debate has shown much willingness to compromise.
The Bitcoin network is running out of capacity
The Bitcoin network processes transactions in units called "blocks," which are created about every 10 minutes. To prevent malicious parties from clogging up the system with spam, the original Bitcoin software limited the size of each block to one megabyte, which corresponds to a few thousand transactions. When Bitcoin was created in 2009, that left plenty of room for growth.
But Bitcoin usage has been growing, bringing the network closer and closer to its maximum capacity. Right now, the network is only 30 to 40 percent full on average, but it sometimes gets congested during periods of high demand, causing delays for users. And if current growth continues, things could get a lot worse in the next year or two, as the network gets closer to 100 percent capacity.
And if Bitcoin is going to become a mainstream payment platform, it's going to have to grow a lot more. Bitcoin handles tens of thousands of transactions per day. Visa handles tens of millions. To compete with Visa and other mainstream payment technologies, the network is going to need more capacity.
Changing the limit is easy — if everyone agrees
The limit is just a number in the Bitcoin software. If that number were changed to a higher value, the Bitcoin network would have more capacity.
The difficulty is that this only works if everyone agrees to raise the limit. The Bitcoin network is built on consensus. If some parts of the Bitcoin network raise the limit and others don't, the network would be split in two. Having two competing versions of the Bitcoin network running simultaneously would be catastrophic. It would destroy trust in the Bitcoin network, since users could never be sure which transactions were official. And it would likely cause the value of bitcoins — the unit of currency — to plunge, as people questioned whether the network had a future at all.
Having two competing versions of the Bitcoin network running simultaneously would be catastrophic
So this seemingly simple technical decision — whether to boost the Bitcoin network's capacity or not — has divided the Bitcoin community into warring camps. Two prominent Bitcoin developers, Mike Hearn and Gavin Andresen, lead the faction that wants to increase the capacity of the network, and they enjoy the support of well-funded Bitcoin startups such as Coinbase and Bitpay.
Their argument is simple: Bitcoin needs to grow if it's going to become a mainstream technology, and the current limit doesn't leave enough room for growth.
But not everyone agrees with them.
Changing the limit could undermine what makes Bitcoin unique
Opponents of the proposal make two major arguments. One is that increasing the capacity of the network will lead to centralization of the Bitcoin system.
Right now, Bitcoin transactions are processed in a parallel fashion by thousands of computers distributed around the internet. The Bitcoin network is designed in a clever way that prevents anyone from being able to control how it works — at least so long as no one controls a majority of the network's computing power.
But as the volume of transactions has gone up, the number of computers participating in this transaction-processing task has gone down. And some critics worry that boosting the network's capacity will make it more expensive to participate in the process, further reducing the number of computers that participate. That, in turn, could make the system less reliable, or more vulnerable to attempts by governments or others to seize control of the network.
When the Bitcoin network becomes congested, Bitcoin has a system of transaction fees that help bring supply and demand into balance.
Some people want to simply let this mechanism work. They hope this will spur people to develop technical workarounds that allow transactions to be processed in ways that don't burden the primary Bitcoin network.
The rules of the Bitcoin software act as a kind of constitution for the Bitcoin community
Lurking in the background is a larger philosophical disagreement. Bitcoin is built on the promise that many of its rules can never be changed. For example, the rules of Bitcoin say that there will never be more than 21 million bitcoins created. However, that's just a social convention — the people who write the Bitcoin software could decide to increase the rate at which new bitcoins are created so that many more wind up in circulation.
In short, the rules of the Bitcoin software act as a kind of constitution for the Bitcoin community. And critics of raising Bitcoin's transaction limit worry that a hasty increase — or, perhaps, any increase at all — could undermine the public's trust that other aspects of the system won't be modified in the future.
No one knows what will happen next
While increasing the capacity of the Bitcoin network might seem like a minor change, it would be the first change made to the core rules of the Bitcoin network since it was launched in 2009. (Developers quickly fixed a very minor bug that briefly broke the network in 2013.) And there are no established rules for making this kind of change.
As often happens, each side of the argument has developed its preferred talking points. Supporters of the higher limit present it as a matter of common sense. Opponents portray it as a power grab by a handful of prominent developers and deep-pocketed companies. There have been endless debates, proposals, and counterproposals about how to resolve the problem.
Each side accuses the other of endangering the Bitcoin network. Proponents worry that the network will grind to a halt if the limit isn't raised in time. Opponents counter that it's reckless to foist a change on the Bitcoin community before a consensus is reached.
Right now, the most popular Bitcoin software is an open-source project that's managed democratically by a five-person group of developers. Andresen is a member of this group, but he hasn't been able to convince his colleagues to increase the limit. So he and Hearn have created competing software, Bitcoin XT, that supports a higher limit.
Bitcoin XT is programmed so that it won't start supporting a higher transaction limit — breaking compatibility with the older software — until 75 percent of the Bitcoin network (as measured by computing power) adopts the new software. At that point, the other 25 percent of the network will risk being left behind if they don't switch. But we don't know if Hearn and Andresen can convince 75 percent of the network to switch. If they can't, we don't know what will happen next.
Ultimately, how the dispute is resolved may matter more than the specific decision that's reached. If Hearn and Andresen's gambit is successful, it could become a template for resolving future arguments. On the other hand, if Bitcoin XT falls short and the warring camps can't reach a consensus, it could do lasting damage to Bitcoin's reputation.
Pitt brought back the famous Pitt Script to their uniforms and hopefully will bring the winning days of Marino and Dorsett back to Pittsburgh.
When thinking of Pitt sports many great names come to mind, such as Dan Marino, Tony Dorsett, Curtis Martin, and the list goes on. Whats the one thing these greats from different eras had in common?
They all wore that beautiful script logo on their helmets, not the blog letters that have become a symbol of Pitt's mediocrity.
That all changed last night at the Petersen Events Center when AD Scott Barnes unveiled Pitt's transition back to the script that this school was known for in the glory days. All day on Twitter former Panthers were showing love and it all led up to the uniform unveil at 8 PM ET.
First look at the new script uniforms.
These new matte navy helmets are something I have never seen from Pitt, and I LOVE them!
Former Panthers repping the new gear includes Larry Fitzgerald, Darrelle Revis, Aaron Donald, Dan Marino, Tyler Boyd and many more.
The script is the perfect symbol to illustrate the change that Narduzzi is bringing here to Pitt. The now second year coach is looking to bring Pitt back to dominance and what better way than going back to the logo that won 15 National Championships (9 Claimed; 8 Unclaimed).
So it's time to gear up for next season Panthers fans! And don't forget to rock the script to Heinz Field on September 10, 2016 to watch Pitt show cross-state rivals, Penn State, just who the Kings of Pennsylvania are.
For a closer look at the new uniforms check out the following link: https://slate.adobe.com/cp/Bckch/
Follow @ACAllAmericans for quality, up-to-date sports reporting.
Sadequain was a world-renowned Pakistani Art legend. He was best known for his independent real creative art and novice trends in Islamic Calligraphy. His original superb themes and huge murals dwarf many and some are still regarded as matchless in the world. His international recognition was due to the introduction of new initiatives and trends in art and particularly poetic calligraphy which was almost nonexistent then.
Syed Sadequain Ahmed Naqvi The Ultimate Artist
was born in 1930 in Amroha and he died on 10th February in 1987 at the age of 57 years in Karachi, Pakistan.
He was a self-made, self-taught painter, completely untraditional and above all, shows no signs of being inspired by any other master of art who lived before him or at his time.
Sadequain received well-deserved decorations.
1960 – Government of Pakistan — “ Tamgha-e-Imtiaz”
— “ Tamgha-e-Imtiaz” 1961 – Government of France — “Biennale de Paris”
— “Biennale de Paris” 1962 – President of Pakistan — “President's Medal of Honor”
— “President's Medal of Honor” 1975 – Government of Australia — “Cultural Award”
— “Cultural Award” 1980 – Government of Pakistan — “Sitara-e-Imtiaz”
Sadequain was a master genius of his own self-inspired school of thought and different from other great artists like Michael Angelo and Leonardo de Vinci. This fact was proved later by the performance presented by him in his early life. Like many other masters he too was completely obscure, until he was noticed, hand –picked and appreciated by the notable lover of art Mr. Hussain Shaheed Suhrawardy. It is natural that a true genius sees the limelight once and then the “limelight” itself focuses on him and seldom misses him till the last day. He had stepped into the open world to breathe and expose his talents independently – and this he did with utmost honesty without being distracted by worldly glamour.
Sadequain projected his abilities and hidden talents by his masterly performance in his mid twenties. This comparative quicker recognition laid the foundation and encouraged him to present his true inner feelings in his artworks. Soon he created his own independent place in the world that remained still unmatched, in certain aspects, during his lifetime and even after. He was only 30 years when he received his first award in 1960 and 32 years when the French Government decorated him.
Sadequain was one of the most hard-working artists that the world has seen. His non-stop untiring career was very unusual for all his critics too. Wealth had the least attraction for him and avoided painting for the rich. He preferred to gift away thousands of his art productions instead of selling. Numerous works were stolen and he least bothered about them.
He believed in realism and lycricism. He was miles away from imaginary fairytale, flower and fona themes and stuck to basic worldly realities till his last day. The Novice style of his presentation of Quranic and Poetic verses created an everlasting impact on Pakistani Art. The non-existant calligraphy has changed into a culture and this new introduction is still flourishing beyond bounds and spreading inspiration worldwide, even after a quarter century beyond his death. Now his style and his paintings are also being copied extensively in Pakistan. Infact this piracy is promoting his school of thought, unnoticed.
Sadequain once saw a tough cactus tree growing and flourishing in a desert. He was spiritually impressed by the difficult lifestyle in extreme tough surroundings of this self-growing plant. This impression is often reflected in Sadequain's tough and rugged human figures that seem unnatural, but actually he intended to expose the rigid uneven patterns of the life spent by the deprived. His works and productions are discernable and can easily be singled out. His unique independent style, objective concepts and presentation modes cannot be stolen by just putting on new names – but can only be copied along with his signatures.
Murals
The most difficult and impressive works of Sadequain were the long spans of walls and ceilings painted under different themes of social nature. Surprisingly most of these were donated free of cost, although these could have fetched millions. Some of these are ranked longest and largest in the world. His murals mostly carried closely knitted images and fine details filling every inch available, which in itself is a unique quality aspect. He painted to his satisfaction and did extreme justice to the subject in production – but in his own inspirational style.
The following are a few of his memorable works and exhibitions;
1954 – Solo Exhibition in Quetta, Pakistan
– Solo Exhibition in Quetta, Pakistan 1955 – Mural at Jinnah Hospital, Solo Exhibition at Frere Hall and at residence of Mr. Suhrawady.
– Mural at Jinnah Hospital, Solo Exhibition at Frere Hall and at residence of Mr. Suhrawady. 1961 – Mural at State Bank of Pakistan, (62 x 10ft) titled as “Treasures of Time”. This mural illustrates human scientific development from Socrates to Einstein and Muhammed Iqbal. He was invited to France to illustrate French Nobel Prize Winning writer Albert Camus.
– Mural at State Bank of Pakistan, (62 x 10ft) titled as “Treasures of Time”. This mural illustrates human scientific development from Socrates to Einstein and Muhammed Iqbal. He was invited to France to illustrate French Nobel Prize Winning writer Albert Camus. 1963 – Several Exhibitions in USA
– Several Exhibitions in USA 1963 – Illustrated “Le Etranger” in France
– Illustrated “Le Etranger” in France 1967 – Mural at Mangla Dam Power House (200 x 30ft) titled as “Saga of Labor” This mural lime lights the importance of the working class and its contributions in a society. Completed in 3.5 months only.
– Mural at Mangla Dam Power House (200 x 30ft) titled as “Saga of Labor” This mural lime lights the importance of the working class and its contributions in a society. Completed in 3.5 months only. 1968 – Mural at Punjab University Library, titled as “Quest of Knowledge”
– Mural at Punjab University Library, titled as “Quest of Knowledge” 1969 – Calligraphic redention of “Sura-e-Rehman”
– Calligraphic redention of “Sura-e-Rehman” 1973 – Murals at Lahore Museum entrance Hall and others (100 x 35ft) titled as “Evolution of Mankind”
– Murals at Lahore Museum entrance Hall and others (100 x 35ft) titled as “Evolution of Mankind” 1974 – Exhibitions in the Middle East and Eastern Europe.
– Exhibitions in the Middle East and Eastern Europe. 1976 – TV. Series “Mojiza-e-fun” on Sadequain Art.
– TV. Series “Mojiza-e-fun” on Sadequain Art. 1977 – Illustrated Mirza Ghalib (Indian Poet)
– Illustrated Mirza Ghalib (Indian Poet) 1979 – Mural in Abu Dhabi power house (70 x 12ft)
– Mural in Abu Dhabi power house (70 x 12ft) 1981 – Murals painted at Aligarh (70 x 12ft), Banaras (70 x 12ft), Hyderabad and Geological Institute of Delhi, India (70 x 25ft)
– Murals painted at Aligarh (70 x 12ft), Banaras (70 x 12ft), Hyderabad and Geological Institute of Delhi, India (70 x 25ft) 1985 – Illustrated Faiz Ahmed Faiz (Pakistani Poet)
– Illustrated Faiz Ahmed Faiz (Pakistani Poet) 1986 – Mural at Frere Hall titled as “Arz-o-Samawat” (heaven and earth)
The above fantastic monumental murals in vast spans of art were specific and special feature that has no parallel yet in Pakistan. He completed about 35 hefty murals in his lifetime. However some of them have gone missing with no trace.
These historical works are now time fading and show signs and scars. The institutions responsible are not doing much to save these treasures, which want to see another “Sadequain” to restore them back to their original position.
Sadequain very successfully illustrated world renowned poets. He was invited to France to illustrate Nobel Prize winner Albert Camus. He is inspired, also adequately painted other poets like Mirza Ghalib, Faiz and Muhammed Iqbal (“Aftaab-e-Taaja”9' x 6'). He also himself expressed his feelings verbally in somber notes and published “Quartets” and “Rubaiyats” that are considered of high class and appreciated. His verbal reflections also described the basic realities of this tough life as did his artwork.
Sadequain was a true genius. This quality is visible in all his art productions and calligraphic masterpieces. He did not follow any traditions and rather initiated his specific school of thought. His own style legacy will continue to inspire future artists and calligraphers of modern times. His this vivid transformation of words, verses and feeling of the others to the canvas in detail, will remain his domain unmatched for decades to come.
The ultimate mastermind developed unique ideas to project his observations. He painted Crow series that depicted the worthy and timid wealth worshipers losing self-respect to achieve their selfish ends. The Cobwebs series of paintings showed prevailing social mindset where cobweb render society speechless and inactive by malpractices of the powerful. Similarly Christ Series projected crime being committed under the nose of the law enforcers. Such realistic and bold projections could only have been made by a true at heart Sadequain.
Sadequain loved to paint his heart out. His masterpiece redention of “Sura-e-Rehman”, a Quranic chapter, was auctioned in London for $108'000. This new art version inspired many painters worldwide. He could have amassed millions from his uncountable paintings and even scribbings. But he stuck to his nature and preferred a continued striving life. Otherwise, the world would have lost a true genius and missed uncountable masterpieces of art. Nature is never unjust and rewards people according to their mindset. There is no doubt about the fact that world progresses by the selfless hard work of a few geniuses who sacrifice their leisure and pleasures to benefit the selfish mankind, who seldom find time to pay homage to these actual Ultimate Heroes.
The Electronic media ran a TV documentary series “Mojiza-e-Fun”. This highlighted extensively the different aspects of the mastermind Sadequain and his masterpieces that were exhibited worldwide. A book “The holy sinner” in (2003) comprised of 700 pages and displayed over 400 paintings and his works of art. This huge unprecedented tribute to one artist is unique in South Asia.
The Pakistan Post office issued a 10 stamp sheet let commemorating Sadequain and 9 other artists.
The Pakistan Newspapers often carry special features on him.
The French Le Monde appreciates his talents comparing him to famous Picasso.
The New York times describes his difficult artistic trends as “Upside Down Artist”, Sadequain and calls him Pakistan's Pride.
UAE News appreciates his tremendous success and comments that crowds are attracted to all his exhibitions.
The ultimate Pakistani Art Legend ‘Sadequain' breathed his last on 10th February, 1987, leaving his last mural “Arzo-Samawat” (Heaven and Earth) at Frere Hall Karachi, incomplete.
Over the past week, Planned Parenthood and their allies have been lamenting the fact that Planned Parenthood of the Heartland will be closing four clinics in Iowa, blaming the closures on an appropriations bill signed by Governor Terry Branstad, which defunds the abortion provider. Planned Parenthood supporters are citing Iowa as an example of the horrors women would face getting health care if national defunding efforts are successful. But the reality is that Planned Parenthood of the Heartland's history shows exactly why Planned Parenthood should be defunded everywhere.
In 2012, Planned Parenthood of the Heartland had a total of 37 clinics across four states; the majority of these clinics were in Iowa, where they had 26 clinics. Between 2012 and 2015, however, Planned Parenthood of the Heartland voluntarily closed half of their overall clinics, including half of their clinics in Iowa. Planned Parenthood of the Heartland not only received stable government funding during this period, but according to Planned Parenthood of the Heartland's own annual reports, their government funding actually increased 16 percent over the three-year period.
But there's more. Following a national Planned Parenthood trend, as Planned Parenthood of the Heartland gained more taxpayer funding, they dramatically reduced their non-abortion health care services. According to Planned Parenthood of the Heartland's reports, between 2012 and 2015, the number of breast exams decreased by 69 percent; the number of pap smears performed decreased by 56; and their total patients served decreased by 37 percent. Meanwhile, despite closing half of their clinics, the percentage of total patients at Planned Parenthood of the Heartland clinics who were there for abortions grew from 9 percent in 2012 to 11 percent in 2015.
Nor are these figures isolated to Iowa. Planned Parenthood's newly released annual report shows a similar decrease in non-abortion services nationwide. Since 2006, when Cecile Richards became the leader of Planned Parenthood the number of clinics, patients, and healthcare services have been dramatically reduced, while abortions, revenues, and government funding have all increased:
There has been a 22.5 percent decrease in the number of patients served;
Cancer screening and prevention services have fallen 66 percent;
Breast exams have decreased by 63.5 percent;
Total services provided by Planned Parenthood have fallen by 6 percent;
Abortions have gone up 13 percent;
Federal funding for Planned Parenthood has increased by 64.7 percent;
Planned Parenthood's total revenues have increased 33 percent;
These figures, both on the state and national level, raise an important question. Why should taxpayers continue to fund an abortion business that is providing fewer and fewer other services to fewer and fewer patients, while closing clinics, despite increases to their government funding?
The situation in Iowa also undermines the claim that women need Planned Parenthood in order to have access to health care. For instance, representatives from Planned Parenthood of the Heartland claim that closing these four clinics will result in 14,676 patients losing access to care, conveniently leaving out that this number is the total over three years. Some simple division reveals that these four clinics see only about 4,892 patients per year, or 1,223 patients per clinic. That means for each of the 260 regular business days in a calendar year, the four clinics saw about five patients each. That's not exactly such an overwhelming caseload that it cannot be accommodated by Iowa's 231 community health centers, which can provide low cost, comprehensive healthcare these patients.
Once again, Iowa reflects the national statistics -- Planned Parenthood clinics are outnumbered by these community health centers 20 to 1, with more than 13,000 clinics nationwide that serve more than 21 million men, women, and children.
When you combine the alarming statistics on Planned Parenthood's declining non-abortion services with the sheer number of available alternative providers to serve low-income and medically underserved communities, diverting Planned Parenthood's half a billion dollars in annual government funding to these comprehensive health clinics is clearly a more fiscally responsible use of our taxpayer dollars.
In the end, Planned Parenthood supporters are right -- Iowa is a great example for the nation when it comes to defunding Planned Parenthood, just not the example they intended.
Deanna Wallace is a staff attorney with Americans United for Life.
Thinking of submitting an op-ed to the Washington Examiner? Be sure to read our guidelines on submissions.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PROVO -- Dr. Martin MacNeill, convicted of killing his wife, has been sentenced to prison time on a sex abuse charge.
MacNeill stared straight ahead and said nothing as 4th District Court Judge Samuel McVey sentenced him to 1-15 years in the Utah State Prison.
"He has not admitted to the misconduct in the crime," the judge said.
MacNeill's daughter, Alexis Somers, stood and pleaded with the judge to give him the maximum sentence. She told the judge her father is "a monster."
"My father's evil did not begin or end with the murder of my mother. Shortly after my mother's death, my father sexually assaulted me on two different occasions," she said. "He destroyed my world and created a living nightmare in its place."
MacNeill was accused of groping Somers shortly after the 2007 death of his wife, Michele. FOX 13 typically does not identify sex abuse victims, but in this case she chose to speak out.
Somers insisted she was not his only victim of sex abuse.
"Everyone has their reasons not to come forward. Some of them have come forward in the past and not been believed. I just hope that the conviction today will help them heal from all the harm my father has done," she said.
Outside of court, Somers said she was "relieved" with the sentence.
"This is one painful chapter to close today. I'm just anxious to move on," she said.
Judge McVey said MacNeill would not qualify for sex offender treatment because he refuses to cooperate or admit wrongdoing. At sentencing, MacNeill's lawyer did not say anything. MacNeill himself did not leave the jury box where he was seated with other inmates, nor did he plead for mercy.
Deputy Utah County Attorney David Sturgill said MacNeill's refusal to accept responsibility will not likely get him parole anytime soon.
"If he's not going to comply with the terms of probation, which in this case would absolutely include some sort of sex offender treatment, then it's a waste of time and resources to place him on probation," he told FOX 13.
Prosecutors could ask for the sex abuse sentence to be run after Friday's sentence for murder. MacNeill faces a 15-to-life sentence in that case.
In a trial that ended last November, MacNeill was also found guilty of first-degree murder and obstruction of justice in connection with the 2007 death of his wife, Michele. Utah County prosecutors contend he drugged and drowned her so he could carry on an affair with another woman.
MacNeill is scheduled to be sentenced Friday for the murder case.
Click here for previous coverage of Martin MacNeill.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye faced mounting calls to step down as a record number of people at a massive rally on Saturday criticised her as unfit to rule over allegations she allowed a friend to meddle in state affairs and wield influence.
The protest rally in downtown Seoul drew more than half a million people, according to its organisers, many of whom were ordinary citizens who packed the main streets running through the city centre including a 12-lane thoroughfare.
They came with family, and students and young parents pushing strollers were among the crowd as were people in wheelchairs and crutches, in a sharp contrast from some previous rallies often dominated by militant unions and civic groups that had turned violent and clashed with police.
They chanted "Step down, step down, you must step down."
Pamela Ponders: Since the weather is getting drier, I've decided to look for some cuticle treaments to help them from drying. I've noticed that a lot of them include very similar ingredients, like jojoba oil, apricot kernel oil, shea butter, and in particular sweet almond oil and lavender oil. Do these ingredients really help to moisturize and what exactly do they do? I've noticed a lot of body care products emphasize shea butter. I've also noticed them some body lotions have coconut oil in it, is this another beneficial ingredient?
The Right Brain Responds:
All the oils you mentioned can moisturize skin – but they're not the BEST moisturizers. What are the best, you ask? Ah, that is the question. But first you have to sit through this quick explanation:
How Oils Moisturize
Moisture evaporates from your skin by slipping though tiny cracks and fissures. Oils form a barrier layer on top of the skin that prevents the water molecules from escaping. It's all about stopping evaporation! This property is called occlusivity and it's measured by a rating called Transepidermal Water Loss, or TEWL. (pronounced “tool.”) The TEWL value has been measured for various oils, and the ones that have the highest rating (in other words, the ones that stop the most water from escaping your skin) are as follows:
1. Petroleum jelly
(in a minimum concentration of 5%, reduces TEWL by more than 98%)
2. Lanolin
3. Mineral oil
4. Dimethicone
a type of silicone
5. Coconut Oil and Others
including other oils (like coconut oil), fatty alcohols, and waxes
Some of the other oils you mentioned are still beneficial – they can make skin feel softer and smoother. But if really want to keep your skin moist, you need to reduce evaporation with one of these top 5.
When I started racing cars, I thought it would be great if I could just settle in mid-pack in a respectable gentleman's cup series. After all, racing to me was all about getting access to long stretches of flow, that sensation of being so completely engrossed in an activity that you lose track of time and place.
It didn't take long before my ambition swelled, and I upped the goal from finishing mid-pack to top 10. Of course, not before taking a brief moment to bask in the glory of reaching that first goal, enjoying success per my own definition. A definition that would surely have qualified as utter failure for many others (what schmuck is happy to be mid-pack among gentlemen?! At the time, me!).
And thus, the goal creep was on. It crept from top 10, to podium, to moving up to a bigger series, a faster car, more downforce, tougher competition, longer races, a better team, and on it went.
The key is that it was all a bite-sized progression. While the ultimate goal might have been entering the 24 hours of Le Mans (a goal that itself has crept from entering, to finishing, to winning the class), that wasn't really part of the detailed goal posts that has driven the pursuit forward.
You can think of goal creep as the test-driven development of a real-life pursuit. In TDD, you don't try to design your entire program upfront. Instead, you just write a simple test and then implement just enough code to make that test pass.
Setting small goals, like writing simple tests, keeps the pursuit from becoming overwhelming. Making the mental jump of going straight from playing Forza Motorsports to getting on the grid at Le Mans is an insurmountable idea for most. It certainly was for me.
But these small, underwhelming goals trick your brain into constantly experiencing a steady flow of success. It's incredibly important to celebrate these successes, however modest, as they're the fuel that'll keep you going and reaching for more.
The same was true when we started working on Basecamp and I was learning Ruby. If the goal had been to create an application used by millions and a framework that would rock an industry, I would never have put down the Xbox controller and gotten started.
Even our economic goals were incredibly modest when Basecamp launched. While others were thinking of millions of users and millions of dollars, we had the goal of making $4,000/month from Basecamp after a whole year.
We met that goal in a couple of weeks and were able to celebrate a success that would have been utter failure to many others. And after a year, when Basecamp made just enough money to pay all the bills and relieve us from having to do consulting work on the side, we celebrated again.
I guess the point is to define your own goal posts. Don't be so eager to adopt the goals of others. They are starting from a different baseline than you. If you adopt “shoot for the stars,” you might well run out of propulsion before you even get to the yard.
How to use Japanese Counters
This blog entry will take on one of the more neglected topics of Japanese language. And by “neglected”, I don't mean that it is not covered at all in text books, what I mean is that the coverage given in textbooks tends to lack structure and be generally inadequate for advanced learning.
For example: you might know to count the floors of a building with the counter-suffix 階 (かい). So １階, ２階, ３階, ４階 and so on. That's fine and dandy if you only ever had to write the words. But we need to be able to pronounce them too, right? If you're really thorough with your studies or have a teacher that has covered their bases well, you'll know that these are read: いっかい にかい さんがい よんかい.
But why? Why does 1 become いっ here but keep its original form ( いち) in １年 (いちねん)? And why do the counters get voiced in ３階 (さんがい) and ３千 (さんぜん) but don't in ３回 (さんかい) and ３線 (さんせん)? This article hopes to answer some of these questions.
The three main pronunciation constructs
There are exceptions which I will get to in a minute, but basically there are three core patterns for the pronunciation of numbers. Here they are:
So first there's a basic pattern that you're probably familiar with. But before S and T sounds (= さしすせそたちつてと, NOT including their voiced Z/D counterparts), the “default” readings for 1 and 10 change to abbreviated forms. For K and H sounds (かきくけこはひふへほ, again, excluding voiced/aspirated counterparts G/B/P) the readings for 1, 6, 10 and 100 change. The purported reason for these changes is that they make words easier to pronounce. Whether or not they actually do, I'm not so sure. But that's the way things are. So now, lets look at cases where these 3 core patterns don't hold up.
Exceptions
1. The じ sound. (and also the counters 年 and 人)
The counters starting with this sound include 時 and 次 and their derivatives (時間, 時限, 次元, etc.), and also these two counters 年 (ねん) and 人 (にん). These counters follow the Basic pattern, with the following exceptions:
4: よ
7: しち
9: く
Note that this exception does not apply to じゃ, じゅ, or じょ sounds (examples: 重, 条, 畳).
Also, しち and く are considered optional for 年 and 人; ななねん/きゅうねん and ななにん/きゅうにん are also acceptable.
2. The “CH” sounds.
These include ち, ちょ, ちゃ, and ちゅ (though I can't think of any counters that start with ち or ちゅ off the top of my head). The CH sound falls within the S/T pattern (remember that ち is a T-line character), but instead of receiving はち for 8, they typically get はっ. This happens to avoid having two “CH” sounds too close together.
８丁、８兆、８町： はっちょう
８着： はっちゃく
3. S counters that take はっ (8).
８歳（はっさい）
８千（はっせん）
８席（はっせき） (the counter for meetings)
S-line counters are in most cases OK with either はち or はっ, it just depends on the speaker's preference. The 3 listed above definitely tend toward はっ though.
4. Counters that take ひと／ふた
Some counters in Japanese take the native Japanese number stems for numbers 1, 2 and/or 3. Two you might already know are １人（ひとり） and ２人(ふたり). Here are some others:
１束： ひとたば (one bundle of things)
１房： ひとふさ (one bunch of things, eg. bananas/grapes)
１箱： ひとはこ ふたはこ (one box of thing)
１粒： ひとつぶ ふたつぶ (one small, round thing)
１皿： ひとさら ふたさら みさら (plates of food)
１文字： ひともじ (one character/letter)
Note that Hi-Fu-Mi readings ONLY apply to 1, 2, and 3. They do not come up again after 10. So １１人 is じゅういちにん, not じゅうひとり.
5. S/K Counters that (are supposed to) get voiced after 3 and 何
３千／何千： さんぜん、なんぜん
３間／何間： さんげん、なんげん
３階／何階： さんがい、なんがい
Other counters that are supposed to get voiced include: 足 (そく) (pairs of shoes, socks), and 軒 (けん) (buildings/houses), and also 斤, 貫, 尺 and 寸. But honestly the only ones I ever actually hear voiced are the three listed above. And of those, even native speakers don't always voice 階 where they're supposed to.
6. Katakana words take いち
Katakana words will generally take いち instead of いっ, regardless of what sound they start with (１キロ＝いちきろ). However, if they start with a P sound, they can optionally take the いっ form. So １ページ can become いっぺーじ.
What to do with H-line counters
Now for the really fun part: how to use the H-line counters (including ふ)! Here's the magic chart:
So 分 (ふん), the counter for minutes, becomes いっぷん にふん さんぷん よんぷん ごふん ろっぷん and so on. In the chart, 8 is shown in gray because it's only used for the most common counters. ８分 can be pronounced as either はちふん or はっぷん . 本(ほん) and 匹(ひき) sound perfectly natural with a P here too (はっぽん, はっぴき). Other less commonly used H-line counters tend to sound more natural as はち+H, but a lot of it depends on the speaker's preference.
The other thing you need to be aware of with H-line counters is that a select few become B with 3 and cannot change to P with 4. Notice how I've made a subsection to show this on the chart.
The counters that become B for 3 remain H for 4 are:
本（ほん）: long objects – さんぼん, よんほん
匹（ひき）: animals – さんびき, よんひき
杯（はい） bowls/mugs – さんばい, よんはい
票（ひょう）: ballots/votes. - さんびょう, よんひょう
Final Notes
How to pronounce counting words is an aspect of Japanese that doesn't always have a clear line between right and wrong. In particular, less common counter suffixes used with higher numbers have more gray area. There's also variation between individuals and I would also imagine between regions and dialects. The priority for learners is to grasp the basic patterns and the main exceptions, and then just always keep your ears open.
If this post was interesting or useful for you, please check out Nihonshock's Japanese Cheat Sheet Pack! All this pronunciation information, along with lists of the most common counters and tons more information is available on the Numbers and Time sheet.
Posted under Language & Study by Nihonshock.
Do We Really Want EU Bureaucrats Deciding What Google Search Results 'Should' Look Like?
from the this-won't-end-well dept
[Europe's antitrust chief Joaquin] Almunia said in the interview: "We are still investigating, but my conviction is [Google] are diverting traffic," adding: "They are monetising this kind of business, the strong position they have in the general search market and this is not only a dominant position, I think -- I fear -- there is an abuse of this dominant position."
After a 20 month investigation, the FTC -- whose boss made it clear he absolutely wanted to bring down Google if he could -- couldn't find any evidence that Google's search results were somehow anticompetitive. All of the evidence pointed to the same basic thing: what Google did was for the benefit of its users. While some competitors were upset about it, antitrust shouldbe about propping up competitors who can't compete, especially if consumers are not being harmed. Besides, if you actually look at the "competitors" who complained the loudest, many of them are doing quite well these days.Of course, those competitors who spent so much effort pushing to force Google through the antitrust gantlet were pretty upset about the end result. However, they knew what was coming next and warned that Europe would come out with an answer that was more to their liking. And the latest on the EU antitrust investigation suggests that, indeed, European bureaucrats somehow believe that they know better than Google what its search results should look like , and they're planning to force Google to change its results to the bureaucrats' liking.I'm not quite sure how one "diverts" traffic if the solution being provided is reasonably deemed to be better for the consumer. You can only show so many things on a search page, and Google spends a lot of effort figuring out which way seems to get the best results. No matter what, it's going to "divert" traffic from those it doesn't pick to those it does. But that's the business. The better it diverts traffic to help consumers, the better off the public is. And I'm not sure how the user is made "better off" by European politicians determining where Google needs to point people with its results.
Filed Under: antitrust, bureaucrats, eu, search
The Supreme Court in Washington on June 23, 2014. Photo by Kevin Lamarque/Reuters
The Supreme Court's conservatives didn't kill off unions this morning. But they took a swipe that will leave labor reeling and worrying—a lot—about the next case, or the one after that. Today's decision in Harris v. Quinn is also bad for people with disabilities and the workers who care for them at home and get paid through government programs like Medicaid.
Today's labor case is about a big question: Can unions continue to collect dues from workers who they represent through collective bargaining but who don't want to pay their fees? (Or you can put the question this way: Can unions collect dues from a minority of workers who don't want to join them when the majority do?) Back in 1977, in the foundational case Abood v. Detroit Board of Education, the Supreme Court approved this obligatory structure for union dues (for teachers) for two good reasons: to prevent free-riding and promote labor peace. This was all about fairly distributing the cost of recognizing a single union as the representative of a sector of workers, the court said, which Congress had earlier passed laws to support. It was all part of a package of making unions easier for governments to negotiate with and to reduce labor strife.
Today, Justice Samuel Alito, speaking for the majority in a 5­–4 split along the usual ideological lines, makes it clear he doesn't care about free-riding (or the health of unions at all). Instead, his concern is workers who don't want to pay dues to support a cause they say they don't believe in. It's their objection to the union that matters, not the benefits the union has won for workers (including them).
Luckily for the labor movement, the big question in Harris has a small frame. The workers who don't want to pay union dues are of a particular sort: They are “personal assistants”—home health aides—who care for disabled people in their homes, paid for by Illinois' Medicaid program. They started trying to organize back in the 1980s, but couldn't because the state labor relations board didn't recognize them as state employees. Then in 2003, the Illinois legislature passed a law recognizing the personal assistants as government workers expressly for the purpose of collective bargaining. They voted to be represented by the SEIU. And they sure did benefit, as Ian Millhiser points out in ThinkProgress: Their pay went from $7 an hour to $11.65, with an increase to $13 due this December.
You will find those numbers buried in footnote No. 23 of Alito's opinion. Of far more importance to him is 1) creating a new category of workers called “partial-public employees” who don't have to pay union fees if they don't want to and 2) attacking what he calls the “questionable foundations” of Abood and the whole idea of allowing unions to collect mandatory dues from any employees—public, partial-public, or private. The first part is bad for the home health aides in Illinois and the people for whom they care. If people can opt out of paying their union dues, that weakens the union, which eventually means worse terms of employment, which translates to worse service for patients. The second part of Alito's opinion doesn't really matter for today's outcome, but it bodes ill for the next challenge to the way unions are funded, which surely a right-to-work, anti-union lawyer is already mounting.
Abood defined the terms for public-sector labor: It was a Supreme Court decision that set up the structure by which this whole segment of American employment operates. Alito tries to wall it off as “something of an anomaly,” but as Justice Elena Kagan argues back in dissent: “[T]he lines it draws and the balance it strikes reflect the way courts generally evaluate claims that a condition of public employment violates the First Amendment.” She also calls it “the foundation for not tens or hundreds, but thousands of contracts between unions and governments across the Nation.”
Alito signaled a couple of years ago, in a smaller case, that he was itching to rip up those contracts, or at least the terms underlying them. Now he has gotten in more whacks—in the name of free speech. “All they seek,” he writes of the workers who objected to paying dues to the SEIU, “is the right not to be forced to contribute to the union, with which they broadly disagree.” Once again, the First Amendment is turning out to be a powerful ax the court's conservatives can pick up and wield against all kinds of laws and groups they don't like, as I wrote last week.
Kagan is right when she says that the outcome of Harris is “at least better than it might be.” Abood stands. But when she adds that “our precedent about precedent, fairly understood and applied, makes it impossible for this Court to reverse that decision,” I'm not sure she can make it so just by saying it. Once the conservatives have teachers or firefighters or police officers before them who say they don't want to pay their union dues, won't they use today's opinion as the stepping stone for toppling Abood and mandatory dues? The rules for the Supreme Court won't change, and they work like this: Five votes turns the impossible into the possible.
One more note about the impact of today's decision: A trio of disability rights groups (including the Judge David L. Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, which is named for my grandfather) show in a brief for this case that collective bargaining over the conditions and terms of employment of home health aides, like the Illinois personal assistants, “has served the interests and independence of individuals with disabilities by helping to promote a stable personal assistant workforce.” The brief continues: “A ruling that declared Illinois's arrangement unconstitutional would disserve individuals with disabilities and undermine efforts to achieve the goals of independent living.” It's not as bad as it could be. But for people with disabilities who want to live on their own, and the workers who make that possible, it's a real blow.
As Prime Minister Stephen Harper announces further sanctions against Russia, it's patently clear: Canada's relations with Russia are on ice.
Except in the Arctic, that is.
Some Russians have been expelled from Canada; travel bans and asset freezes are in place.
But Canada attended a closed-door meeting with Russia and other members of the Arctic Council in Helsinki last week, discussing the future of international collaboration for observation of the Arctic.
Friday marked the end of a four-day series of meetings associated with Arctic Council projects including the Sustaining Arctic Observing Networks initiative, a group of international organizations and northern residents coordinating Arctic data.
Environmental scientists, governmental representatives and indigenous Arctic groups were scheduled to be present at the meeting April 10-11.
David J. Scott, executive director of the Canadian Polar Commission, was in attendance.
Sergey Goncharov – the former KGB commander and deputy chair of the Duma's security committee, who represented the Russian legislature – and Igor Ashik, an oceanologist with Russia's Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute, were also scheduled to be there.
Canada and Russia are permanent member states on the Arctic Council.
The Canadian Polar Commission is a government department dealing with the study and communication of Arctic Issues.
The meetings in Helsinki occurred during the Arctic Observing Summit, a series of business meetings focused on coordinating an international system of Arctic observation.
While some of the summit's meetings were open to anyone who registered for 150 Euro, these were classified as “Closed business meetings,” with general attendance not permitted.
In late March, a spokeswoman for Environment Minister Leona Aglukkaq told the Canadian Press that the Prime Minister asked Canadian officials to review all bilateral interactions with Russia at an Arctic Council meeting that month in Yellowknife.
The same week, Transport Minister Lisa Raitt said her department has cut off its points of contact with Russia as a result of the crisis in Ukraine.
The Canadian Press reported that Raitt, addressing the Canadian American Business Council in Washington, hinted Russia's status as a member of the Arctic Council may be under review.
But Raitt said she couldn't speak to the file, as it was under the Environment portfolio.
A spokesperson for Environment Canada directed questions to Foreign Affairs, which did not respond to questions from Global News over the course of several days.
Canada has castigated Russia multiple times over the latter's annexation of Crimea and aggression in Ukraine. Canada has put sanctions in place against many top Russian officials, cut off bilateral military cooperation and last week expelled a diplomat.
The Arctic Council's mandate does not mention issues of defense, focusing instead on environmental protection.
Spread the love
Dade City, FL– In body camera footage that was released on Wednesday, a Pasco County sheriff's deputy is seen shooting and killing a woman's dog, because of a burglar alarm going off.
The deputy arrived at Carla Gloger's home after a silent alarm was tripped. The officer barely attempted to open the gate to her long driveway, and instead hopped a fence to get onto the property, ignoring warning signs about the woman owning dogs. Gloger maintains that the situation may have been very different had the officer opened the gate and drove up the driveway.
As he approached the home, the deputy saw Gloger's two Rottweilers running towards him. As they did, the officer pulled out his service weapon and shot one of the animals.
Fox13 decided to withhold the full footage, apparently favoring sheltering people from very real dangers of police being called to your home, even if you have done nothing wrong. In the withheld footage, the dog reportedly yelps in pain as Gloger runs out of her home yelling “You shot my dog!”
Gloger yelled at the officer to “shoot him all the way,” as her pet limped around injured. The officer eventually complied, shooting the dog in the head, killing him.
The deputy insists the dog came right at him and that he was “defending himself” for her dog running at him, on her property, which he trespassed on.
“I haven't slept for days. I haven't eaten. It's hard for me to even come out,” Gloger told Fox13. “I freaked out. I was like, ‘oh my God, of all people, I would never think a sheriff would trespass, come over the gate, not unlatch it, and come in and just shoot my dog.'”
The department is fully defending the officer's actions, and even going as far as saying that the dogs attacked the deputy. The sheriff clearly must have watched a different video.
“We're negligent if we don't go to that house and God forbid something happens to her. It's our duty to go out there and do everything we can to ensure the safety of our citizens,” Sheriff Chris Nocco told FOX 13. “It's an unfortunate situation that these dogs attacked our deputy.”
According to an unofficial count done by Ozymandias Media, an independent research group, a dog is shot by law enforcement every 98 minutes.
In January, we reported on an Australian postman, armed only with a DriftHD 1080P Camera and some dog treats, who showed just how easy it is to traverse a neighborhood full of dogs without shooting them. It should be required viewing for police departments nationwide.
Watch the video here.
US, Australia, Japan want coercive acts at sea to be stopped
U.S. State Secretary Rex Tillerson, left, is greeted by Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Allan Peter Cayetano at the start of the 7th East Asia Summit Foreign Ministers' Meeting in Manila, Philippines on Monday, Aug. 7, 2017. (AP Photo/Aaron Favila, Pool)
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The U.S., Australian and Japanese foreign ministers called Monday for a halt to land reclamation and military actions in the South China Sea and compliance with an arbitration ruling that invalidated China's vast claims to the disputed waters.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop and Japan's new top diplomat, Taro Kono, also called on their Southeast Asian counterparts to rapidly negotiate a legally binding maritime code with China aimed at preventing an escalation of conflicts in one of the world's busiest waterways.
In a joint statement, the three expressed serious concerns over the long-seething sea disputes and “voiced their strong opposition to coercive unilateral actions that could alter the status quo and increase tensions.”
They urged rival claimant states in the South China Sea “to refrain from land reclamation, construction of outposts, militarization of disputed features, and undertaking unilateral actions that cause permanent physical change to the marine environment in areas pending delimitation.”
The contending states should clarify their claims peacefully in accordance with a 1982 maritime treaty and international law, according to the three, who met on the sidelines of annual meetings of Asia-Pacific foreign ministers in Manila, including those from China and Russia.
Their remarks, which are aimed at taming aggression in the disputed waters, are considerably stronger than a joint statement of concern issued by their counterparts in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, a 10-nation bloc whose economies depend heavily on China.
Their stance also contrasts with that of China, which opposes what it considers meddling in Asian disputes by the United States and other Western governments. Beijing wants the disputes to be resolved through one-on-one negotiations.
China's territorial disputes in the strategic and potentially oil- and gas-rich waterway with Taiwan and ASEAN member states Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines and Vietnam intensified after Beijing built islands in the disputed waters in recent years and reportedly started to install a missile defense system on them, alarming rival claimant states as well as the U.S. and other Western governments.
China's foreign minister said over the weekend that talks for a long-sought code of conduct in the South China Sea, first mooted in 2002, may finally start this year if “outside parties” don't cause a major disruption.
Adding to the drumbeat of criticism, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, Adm. Harry Harris, said Monday that the code of conduct negotiations with an “aggressive” China will be a key challenge for the region.
China's rejection of an international ruling in 2016 that supported the territorial claims of the Philippines “demonstrates to any observer what kind of country China is,” Harris said in Jakarta, the Indonesian capital, at a meeting of the U.S.-Indonesia Friendship Society.
“Continuing claims that are in conflict with other countries will demonstrate to all of us what kind of country China will be,” he said.
But Harris offered nothing more than moral support to Southeast Asia. The region itself is not a treaty partner of the U.S. and it's up to the 10 Southeast Asian countries to respond firmly to China's posture in the South China Sea, he said.
While China has had robust economic ties with Southeast Asia, a diverse region of more than 600 million people with a combined GDP of $2.4 trillion, both have tangled for years over the territorial conflicts. Tensions flared alarmingly in recent years over China's island-building works in one of the most-contested regions, where U.S. naval and aerial “freedom of navigation” patrols have challenged Beijing's claims.
The ministers from the three Asia-Pacific powers “reiterated that the three countries will continue to fly, sail, and operate wherever international law allows.”
Disagreement partly over whether to include criticism, even indirectly, of China's increasingly assertive moves in the contested territories delayed the issuance of a joint communique of ASEAN foreign ministers after they held their annual meetings on Saturday in Manila.
When the communique was issued later, the ASEAN ministers surprisingly defied China's stance with indirect criticism of Beijing's land reclamation and military fortifications in the disputed waters.
They also mentioned in their statement a vague reference to an international arbitration ruling last year that invalidated China's historical claims to virtually all of the strategic waterway. As in past criticisms, they did not cite China by name.
___
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Donald Trump has accused China of trade 'rape'
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has accused China of "raping" the US, in renewed criticism of China's trade policy.
He told a rally in Indiana that China was responsible for "the greatest theft in the history of the world".
Mr Trump, a billionaire businessman, has long accused China of manipulating its currency to make its exports more competitive globally.
This, he says, has badly damaged US businesses and workers.
"We can't continue to allow China to rape our country, and that's what we're doing," he told the campaign rally on Sunday.
"We're going to turn it around, and we have the cards, don't forget it," he added. "We have a lot of power with China."
China's complex relationship with Trump
Trump favours high tariffs on China exports
Mr Trump, in his campaign manifesto, pledges to "cut a better deal with China that helps American businesses and workers compete".
He sets out four goals that include immediately declaring China "a currency manipulator" and putting "an end to China's illegal export subsidies and lax labour and environmental standards".
Figures from the US government show the annual trade deficit with China was at an all-time high of $365.7bn (£250.1bn) last year.
There was no immediate response from Beijing to Mr Trump's comments, but he is seen by many in China as an inspiration rather than an antagonist, says the BBC's Vincent Ni.
What's behind Trump's comments? Bill Wilson, BBC News business reporter
Image copyright Getty Images
Donald Trump has repeatedly accused China of manipulating its currency to make its exports more competitive, with what he says are damaging consequences for the US economy.
Rather than floating freely against the dollar, the Chinese authorities ensure the yuan maintains a closely fixed relationship with the US currency, and that it only trades in a narrow band either side of a fixed point selected by China.
Critics, including Mr Trump, claim China is keeping its currency at an unnaturally low level to boost its exports to the US, which also damages the prospects of US firms selling their goods to China. That, they say, has created in a huge trade imbalance.
Latest figures from Washington for US-China goods trade in January and February show the relationship does appear to be skewed. In those months the US exported $16.3bn in goods to China, but imported $73.3bn, leaving a massive goods trade imbalance of $57bn.
Last week, the US Treasury placed China (and others) on a currency watchlist, after pressure on the US government to be more robust in combating any currency manipulation by trading partners.
The Treasury stated that none of its large trading partners had engaged in currency manipulation in the past year, but indicated it was concerned about growing imbalances with some of those partners, including China.
Protesters
This is the first time Mr Trump has used the word "rape" in the context of China and trade, but his campaign for the Republican Party's presidential nomination has been punctuated by inflammatory comments.
He was confronted by hundreds of protesters in California on Friday before giving a speech to the state's Republican convention. Mr Trump was forced to enter the building by the back entrance.
Protesters were angry at his views on immigration: he has advocated building a border wall with Mexico, and has also referred to Mexicans as "rapists" and criminals responsible for bringing illegal drugs into the US.
Anti-Trump protesters were also out in force during the annual May Day rallies in California.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption There have been widespread protests in California against Donald Trump's candidacy
The Trump campaign had to cancel several rallies in March after hundreds of protesters threatened to disrupt events in Chicago and St Louis.
Mr Trump has called himself the Republican "presumptive nominee" after a string of primary wins.
In terms of delegate support, the property tycoon is far ahead of his nearest rivals, Texas Senator Ted Cruz and John Kasich, the governor of Ohio.
On the other side of the race, Hillary Clinton is expected to beat Bernie Sanders to the Democratic nomination and fight for the presidency in November's general election.
President Obama has established a new national monument at New York's Stonewall Inn, the first such dedication marking the gay rights movement in the United States.
The Stonewall Inn is a Greenwich Village gay bar and the site of a police raid and subsequent riots in 1969 that helped ignite the American gay rights movement. In a White House video released Friday, Obama said that movement “ultimately became an integral part of America.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Naming a monument at Stonewall Inn as a national monument has been in the works for months. But its official commemoration on Friday comes as America's LGBT community reels from the mass shooting that killed 49 people at an Orlando gay nightclub earlier this month.
That attack, categorized by federal officials as both a hate crime and terrorist attack, has added fuel to the debate over federal legal protections for the LGBT community that had already played out publicly and acrimoniously in the U.S. House this year.
It also brought the gay rights movement directly into the political debate over guns: the Human Rights Campaign, the nation's biggest LGBT advocacy group, announced last week that it would advocate for stricter gun control measure after the shooting.
The Stonewall designation is part of an Obama administration effort to highlight the LGBT rights movement around the country.
The Department of Interior announced in May 2014 that it would conduct a “theme study” of important LGBT sites around the United States. It has named nine sites historical landmarks or added them to the National Register of Historic Places since then.
“Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights,” Obama said in the video.
“I believe our national parks should reflect the full story of our country: the richness and diversity and uniquely American spirit that has always defined us, that we are stronger together, that out of many, we are one.”
Interior Secretary and National Park Service Director Jonathan Jarvis will attend a dedication ceremony for the monument — in neighboring Christopher Park — on Monday.
—This post was updated at 2:00 p.m.
“Words words words” –Shakespeare
Once I was a programmer. I became one by learning BASIC, then QuickBasic, then C, then C++, and so on. Hours of copying code from magazines, scratching programs into a notebook with a pencil, solving problems, falling in love with ideas. I wrote programs. I programmed. I was a programmer.
I studied hard and eventually became a Software Engineer. I worked hard and became a Senior Software Engineer (with a brief detour as “Member of Technical Staff” at a new-fangled startup). Now I run my own company so I'm whatever the hell I choose to call myself. One thing I'm not, and have never been, is a coder.
The Shift
I'm not sure when coding started to replace programming as the term for what we do, but I suspect it was around the time when non-technical executives began to think of custom software as a commodity, when the perception emerged that you could get quality software development at bargain-basement prices. Perhaps coincidentally, it was around the time MIT switched from Lisp to Python for their introductory programming classes: in their minds, programming was now about “patching together… disparate parts to make a usable whole” rather than actual creation. I'm not knocking Python – it is a joy to develop in. And I'm sure MIT still makes good CS grads. However the change was emblematic of a general shift in attitude. It was also around this time when pundits wanted to “demystify” programming, to convince us that “anyone can learn to code.”
So what?
We care because terminology matters. Terminology matters because it reflects and shapes attitudes. To me, “coding” is a mechanical exercise. Calling me a coder is like calling a lawyer a typist. It's like calling a CEO a meeting-attender. Developing software is more than just the physical act of writing code. Software creation involves planning ahead, solving problems, communicating with team members, rising above frustration and doubts, selling ideas. “Coding” is just the visible part, that picturesque iceberg section that rises magnificently above the water but is buoyed by the greater part, below the sparkling surface. It's not the ability to write code that makes a developer valuable, it's knowing what code to write.
We're in it together
“But, but but!” I hear you protest. “What about copying and pasting from Stack Overflow? What about churning out WordPress pages? Surely, the people who do that, those people, we can call them coders, right?”
Honestly, I hope not. That type of development is becoming more and more common, and is in fact a great way for a beginner to get into the field. The hope is that after enough time and with enthusiastic study the ideas and best practices start to sink in. Just as back in the Jurassic era I didn't understand every line of code that I copied from Compute! Magazine, a developer can get by in most circumstances without a deep theoretical understanding. But eventually, eventually you're going to encounter a situation where you have to think, to create. And that's why experience matters. And hiring managers, you do get what you pay for.
The flip side of that coin is in the tech media: the overuse — and misuse — of terms like “algorithm” and “artificial intelligence.” (And no, Facebook wishing me a happy birthday is not AI.) The perception has stratified the profession into the elite “computer scientists” — the ones making algorithms and hoozits — and “coders” — the rest of us plebeians whose jobs can be farmed out to the lowest bidder.
We're still building the profession
We have difficulty with terminology because software development is unique in the history of work. Because software has infinite reusability, much of what we do has indeed become “patching together disparate parts.” But that means that when we do need to leave the reservation and actually program, we're creating something altogether new. Every time we write a line of code, we're doing something that has never been done before. (Although I think at some point everyone should write their own web server from scratch, but that's for another blog post.) That's also why scheduling is so hard. How do you predict inspiration? Just how deep is that unexplored cave?
What is in a name?
In the end, I acknowledge that a word is a word is just a word and surely a programmer by any other name would smell as sweet. If you like calling yourself a coder, carry on doing so. If you want to “learn to code in 24 hours,” I wish you the best of luck. This is a blog post, not a manifesto.
But keep in mind the reality of what we're doing and who we are. We're inventing, not assembling. We're artists, not painters, craftsmen, not drones. We're creating, not reproducing. Yes my friends, we are more than coders.
We're programmers.
Like this: Like Loading...
As I settled into the barber's chair and once again attempted to allay my long-held fear of a man with a sharp implement in his hand and questionable politics, I readied my mind. I had been coming to this barber ever since my follicles first demanded it, but had never satisfactorily fielded his cutting remarks, which, just like his politics, had not become blunted with time. I knew it would be particularly difficult on this occasion. I was visiting family in England having just moved from Spain to Germany. In his eyes this was like swapping a paradise life of perennial sunshine and booze for teutonic dreariness and the ignominious fate of being surrounded by the old enemy following their efficiently inevitable defeats of the England football team.
So young man, what are you doing with yourself these days?
Teaching is a virtuous occupation, I thought. That's a good entry point; a teacher of languages, a fermenter of knowledge, an aspiring intellectual, even.
A terrible entry point. Why on earth would I want to live in Germany? What's wrong with England? Was it my apparent penchant for humorlessness, he jested, or my love of bad wine and a good sausage. No, no, I retorted, humorlessly, as he jettisoned a wet mist into my face with a jerk of his trigger finger and his spray can. I wanted to learn the language, decipher the code, lump words into lengthy compound nouns and put a verb right at the very end of the sentence just because I could, and, of course, because it was preceded by a very particular conjunction. German, I thought, was cool.
The meaning of cool has changed since my day, if clunky is the new cool.
He didn't use the word clunky. He said it sounded like a fight between a typewriter and a dishwasher. I observed that there are a few queues of consonants that may ambush the anglo-ear, but it's not the mechanical massacre to which he alluded. It's a game. An endlessly enchanting game of building blocks and onomatopoeic accuracies just waiting to be muddled and juggled.
Uh huh. If you say so.
Oh but I do! My first few months had thrown up all sorts of wonderful words that encapsulated concepts I had never considered and ideas I had never entertained, and then there were the words which simply sounded splendid. Tollpatschig, for example, stressing the -atsch as much as I could. “And what does that mean?”, he enquired. And so I beckoned him to join me on a tour of my favorite words thus far.
1. tollpatschig (adj.) – clumsy
Patsch means something along the lines of “splat”; the sound a viscous liquid makes on impact. And toll means “great” or “terrific”; your sarcastic response to the incomprehensibly lucky Patsch a pigeon may discard upon your brow as you cross Trafalgar Square. And so, with my very limited, entirely intuitive understanding of etymology, I imagined tollpatschig as “terrifically splatty”, which is, after all, exactly what a clumsy person is. Whilst eminent linguists will likely and rightly belittle this train of thought, the word has remained close to my heart and stuck in my head ever since I first made this little lexical calculation.
2. das Kopfkino (noun) – the head cinema
I guess you did some kind of apprenticeship to become a barber, and that you needed to interview for it. I guess you felt a little nervous as a young rapscallion about to embark on his career. I guess a few images of all the things that could go wrong tussled with your temerity and befuddled your brain. This is your Kopfkino; those rolling pictures in your head that predict with such unfounded certainty the most unfortunate outcomes of a meaningful situation or event.
3. die Naschkatze (noun) – the gnash cat
I remember you always used to give me sweets after you'd cut my hair. Do you remember that? And then I would slide awkwardly from the barber's seat, land with a Patsch on the laminate flooring and look investigatively at the remaining assortment of multi-coloured sugar hits. This is because I was a rabid Naschkatze in my youth, bequeathed with the sweetest of tooths by generations of gnash cats before me.
4. der Ohrwurm (noun) – the ear worm
This word's so good it's been adopted Schadenfreude-style into many people's English language. It's that catchy tune, the worm in your ear, that you simply can't get out of your head. So next time the conversation dies between the cutter and the cut, and a tune surges from your unconscious to whistle across your lips, blame it on the Ohrwurm.
5. die Schnapsidee (noun) – the schnapps idea
At some point you mustered the courage to open your own barber shop. You probably had a few dedicated customers, but were unsure as to whether you would succeed. You may have considered it a Schnapsidee, a schnapps idea – a nutty, crazy, crackpot idea – that could have been, and perhaps was, fuelled by an influential quantity of strong alcohol.
6. dickköpfig (adj.) – thick-headed
A recipe for success, or das Erfolgsrezept, may include eine Schnapsidee and ein bisschen Dickköpfigkeit, which could generously be translated as stubbornness, but perhaps more accurately as pig-headedness. I imagine you had to be a little dickköpfig in order to realize your Schnapsidee and turn your establishment into the Erfolgsgeschichte, or success story, that it is today.
7. die Ahnungslosigkeit (noun) – cluelessness
And no set of favorite German words is complete without a multiple-syllable verbal adventure. Its English brother has the prototypical blockiness, composed of its clue, or Ahnung, the absence thereof, expressed by the -less, or the -los, and its default nounification with -ness, or -keit. So nothing special here, then. Anything German can do, English can do just as well. Right? Perhaps, but while English pronunciation has turned many of these words into slurs of swallowed consonants, their German counterparts remain the tongue-twisting, vocal cord-cluttering delights which are simply so fun to say. Go on, say it! Ahnungslosigkeit.
“Ar-nens-lors-ick-kite”, he said.
“Yes”, I responded, momentarily confounded by the peculiarity of German pronounced with a thick Somerset accent, “that's pretty close”.
“You learn something new every day. That'll be eight of your English pounds then. And have yourself some of them sweets for old times' sake, Naschkatze.”
The First Yearly “Amsterdam 420 Smoke-Out!” April 20th, 2012
Final info. (Klik hier voor de Nederlandse versie)
What are 420 Smoke-outs?
Four-twenty, 4-20, or 4:20 are numbers, dates and times that are known in cannabis culture as the “insiders” codeword to smoke a joint. Originally this stems from a group of students in the U.S.A. who met daily at 4:20 PM after school to smoke a joint together. Slowly this story spread among the other marijuana smokers at that school. Ultimately the cannabis media got wind of it, and also began to use it as such.
This is how 4-20, the date April 20th, and 4:20 PM became the time when many cannabis users gather in groups in parks and universities to peacefully smoke a joint. These kinds of opportunities are called “Smoke-Outs”.
In spite of their genial and friendly form, all these smoke-outs have the same message: “STOP the repression and criminalization of cannabis users”.
These kinds of smoke-outs are also held in places where cannabis use is prohibited, such as, among other places, many universities in the U.S.A. The police don't usually take any action at these gatherings unless there is selling going on. Everyone brings his own joint.
Why a Smoke-Out in Amsterdam, the Netherlands?
Because:
- Lately here in the Netherlands, we can no longer speak of a free, liberal attitude towards cannabis, coffeeshops, and coffeeshoppers.
- We, as cannabis users, are being criminalized, demonized and stigmatized by the present government and its new policies.
- We, as completely legal cannabis consumers at the front door of the coffeeshop are being unjustly treated as criminals, and are now forced to register as (soft-) drug users!
- We maintain that the new policy regarding cannabis and coffeeshops is based on LIES and FALSE REPORTS.
- The refusal of admission to any business whatever based on country of origin or place of residence is DISCRIMINATION.
- We maintain that the new policy is a policy of “harm promotion” while the permissive policy regarding marijuana was developed as a basic pillar in “harm reduction”.
So, it's now time for a 420 Smoke-Out in the Netherlands, too!
Against the repression and criminalization of cannabis consumers!
Until today, the coffeeshops offered a safe place for cannabis connoisseurs to be able to buy their weed and hash, and smoke their joint in a protected environment, free of hard drugs, and with cannabis of controlled quality.
Three questionnaires have already shown that circa 80% of the coffeeshop visitors will not register themselves with a coffeeshop. (Click here for results of the THC poll conducted in Haarlem.)
That DOESN'T mean they'll stop using cannabis. Many will obtain their cannabis via street- or house-dealers, or grow it themselves.
That DOES mean that circa 80% of the coffeeshoppers will be criminalized and will disappear into illegality where there is totally no control or oversight over quality, purity, minimum age, or the amount sold per person.
Also, the chance that people will come into contact with other (hard-) drugs can't be excluded. This, while coffeeshops don't allow any single form of alcohol or any other hard drugs. They're always closed immediately if these substances are found during a police check.
What's the goal?
The aim of the 420 Smoke-Out is to make it clear that we are not just a small, still group of “stoners” who hold no opinions, and can't mount an initiative! We're a part of the population with a standpoint that's standing up for his- or her hard-won freedoms!
Who's coming?
The announcement of a peaceful Smoke-Out meeting in Amsterdam on 4/20 (April 20th) has received much international response. People are coming to Amsterdam from Belgium, England, France, Germany, Denmark, and from Spain and Sweden in cars, and even organized flights and buses. But there are also cannabists from Canada, America, Russia, and even Japan who are taking the trouble to come all the way to the Netherlands to show their support for the old policy, and to let their voices be heard against plans for the weed pass.
Within the Netherlands, many sides have reacted very positively to the 420 Smoke-Out initiative.
We've had reports from coffeeshops in several large areas such as Groningen and Maastricht that are mobilizing buses to bring their customers to Amsterdam.
There are also exceptionally positive reactions from many very small places, even those where there are no shops at all, and many people have indicated they'll be there on April 20th at 16:20 hours (4:20 PM).
It promises to be a very enjoyable affair!
What's expected of you?
Come to Amsterdam on April 20th, and find a place in one of Amsterdam's coffeeshops to smoke a joint, and have a cup of coffee. Or eat a delicious sandwich somewhere, and shop around a little until the definite location of the meeting is made known.
Make fellow coffeeshop visitors aware of the 420 Smoke-Out if they haven't already heard about it.
The more souls, the more joy, and the clearer the message is to the government!
Where will the Smoke-Out be?
This was the most-asked question in the last few months, and will remain so until around 1 hour before the Smoke-Out flash-mob meeting.
The final location will be revealed via the website CoffeeShopNIEUWS.nl and the combined social media channels on Facebook and Twitter.
So, if you're in the center of Amsterdam around 15:00 hours (3 PM), you have enough time from the moment the location is announced (3:20 PM) to get yourself to the spot.
Why the late reporting of the location?
Because we want to do the Smoke-Out meeting in the form of a so-called flash-mob. With a flash-mob, the goal is to completely surprise the vicinity with a playful protest.
Naturally that wouldn't succeed if people started to assemble at the location in advance.
What will happen there at 4:20 PM?
Around 4:10 PM I, Peter Lunk, along with several others, will present a short introduction at the final location. Then all together, we will count down the last ten seconds before 4:20 PM. Then everyone will light up their joints.
During the smoking of the joint, I will give the megaphone to anyone who wishes to speak a few words to the public and the 420 supporters.
(If you want to speak, please send an email with a short text, maximum 3 minutes to: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it . If we select you to speak, you'll receive a notice in advance.)
Make banners and posters!
We have a series of “Vloeitje”(*) posters here that you can print out, and paste on a protest sign. But of course, we'd be delighted if good, original banners were to be seen on April 20th!
Incentive Prize:
The most original banner will be rewarded with a V.I.P. treatment for the whole day, the next day in Haarlem during the “Hemp City Cannalympics 2012 Kick-Off event” on Saturday, April 21st.
There isn't any dress code, but if you put something green on, it's always good!
I hope to see lots of you all on April 20th!
Let's make a fun and peaceful meeting out of it.
Green greetings, and until then,
Peter Lunk
Comfort cannabist
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Facebook / Twitter
P.S.
I want to ask everyone to keep the following “rules of the game” in mind so we can show that we don't want to cause, or be any public nuisance. Be polite to people, and always follow instructions from authorized government agencies. Pick up litter from foodstuffs, drinks and cannabis use, and leave the area cleaner than it was when you got there. ;)
Keep the following general rules in mind:
- If you're under 18, you're not allowed to possess and/or use cannabis in the Netherlands.
- You're not allowed to have more than 5 grams of cannabis in total with you at any given time.
- Only coffeeshops are officially allowed to sell cannabis, and selling to others outside is not permitted.
If you don't want to take any risk at all, roll a joint without any weed or hash in it, and light up your tobacco cigarette at 4:20 PM instead of a real joint!
Essential links:
http://www.CoffeeShopNIEUWS.nl
CoffeeshopNIEUWS Facebook page.
CoffeeShopNIEUWS Twitter
MAIN 420 Smoke-Out UPDATES PAGE !!
420 Smoke-Out FACEBOOK EVENT PAGE
420 Smoke-Out main FACEBOOK discussion group.
4-21-2012 Hempcity Cannalympics infopage
Hempcity Cannalympics Facebook Eventpage
Cannalympics main Discussion group
(*) “Vloeitjes” are rolling papers
English translation by J.P. Morgan
MANY THANKS FOR ALL YOUR POSITIVE EFFORTS AND HELP J.P. !!
Today's episode (65 minutes) is the audio of the “(N)one and the World” panel that took place at the Association of Continental Philosophy of Religion's conference held at Liverpool Hope University this past July. This marks the second round of discussions between (in order of appearance) Daniel Colucciello Barber, Alex Dubilet, and myself around issues of secularism, theories of the human, and the world. Thank you to everyone who donated to help support this work.
The third and final public discussion will take place on March 17th at The New School. More details forthcoming, but if you're going to be around the NYC area do consider coming out.
The song in today's episode is “When the Storm Came” from Talk Less Say More's wonderful album Violent. Download a copy from Records on Ribs and consider donating to help support them.
Last month, nearly 300 people with bicycles gathered in Copley Square on a Sunday afternoon. After a short rally on the steps of Trinity Church, they pedalled down Boylston Street towards the Public Garden, a park surrounded by 4-lane, one-way roads that at times function more like highways than like city streets.
For an hour and a half these intrepid cyclists rode laps around the Public Garden with the goal of demonstrating that the roads are wide enough to not only carry the motor-vehicle traffic that uses them, but are also wide enough to accommodate parking-protected bike lanes, without a significant impact on traffic. The message was clear: it's time for the City to make way for bike lanes.
The press, always searching for a good story, picked up our event and coverage of it appeared in the evening news and local papers. The event even elicited a response from the Mayor's office.
Unfortunately, two weeks after calling attention to the over-built streets of the Back Bay, that are frequently the sites of drag racing and excessive speeding, a speeding car on Commonwealth Ave struck and killed Rick Archer while he was riding with a friend.
Rick's friends quickly mobilized a ghost bike memorial, to be installed at the scene of the fatal crash on the same day that the Boston City Council held a budget hearing for the Transportation Department. Following the ghost bike dedication, almost 300 people rode to City Hall and filled the City Council chamber to capacity, forcing the City to open up TWO overflow rooms to accommodate everyone. After passionate pleas by City Councilors to the Transportation Department to do more to end traffic fatalities, dozens of Rick's friends and advocates testified to the Council about the need to act far more quickly than is planned in order to prevent more serious injuries and fatalities on our streets.
In the month leading up to this hearing, we called upon you to send letters and call the Mayor's office and ask him to allocate more funding for Vision Zero. Those calls and emails, combined with the rides and the overwhelming show of support at the Transportation Department hearing, convinced the Mayor to take action.
Last week it was announced that the Vision Zero budget would be increased by 33%, from $3 to $4 million, with the additional funding going directly to the Neighborhood Slow Streets (NSS) Program. That funding will allow the City to implement the NSS Program in 5, rather than 2, neighborhoods next year.
This is a win worth celebrating. Our advocacy is working. The Mayor and our City Councilors are hearing us and taking action. While the $1 million is far short of what we've been asking of the Mayor, it's a step in the right direction, and one that will have a measurable impact in our neighborhoods.
Our work is far from over, as the Mayor recently demonstrated on a radio show where he told people walking and biking to pay more attention in order to reduce traffic crashes, when we know the majority of crashes that are taking place are caused by speeding and distracted driving, but that won't stop us from continuing to work to make Boston a truly world-class biking city, where traffic fatalities are a thing of the past.
We're all in this together, and we will continue to call upon you to take action. Together we will transform our streets so that anyone, from a 8-year old to an 80-year old, is safe biking from home to work, school or anywhere they need to go.
FireTalks from Shmoocon 2010 (Hacking Illustrated Series InfoSec Tutorial Videos) FireTalks from Shmoocon 2010 Grecs and the folks at Shmoo were kind enough to let me record the FireTalks from Shmoocon 2010. More details about the event can be found here: http://www.novainfosecportal.com/2010/01/06/shmoocon-2010-firetalks/ Here are the recordings, in streaming and downloadable versions, along with a description of each night's talks: Night 1 Name Title Description David “ReL1K” Kennedy Social Engineering Toolkit v0.4 Overview The Social-Engineer Toolkit v0.4 (SET) Codename “Pink Pirate” will be released at the firetalk exclusively on BackTrack 4. SET is a security professionals most valuable tool when it comes to social engineering attacks and incorporates some heavily advanced and complicated attacks. The new version is one of the biggest releases yet and incorporate new methods for attacking the clients and some super top secret stuff being released during the talk. Michael “theprez98″ Schearer SHODAN for Penetration Testers SHODAN is a computer search engine. But is is unlike any other search engine. While other search engines scour the web for content, SHODAN scans for information about the sites themselves. The result is a search engine that aggregates banners from well-known services. For penetration testers, SHODAN is a game-changer, and a goldmine of potential vulnerabilities. Marcus J. Carey Influencing Security This talk compares information security and health epidemics such as HIV/AIDS. I'll discuss critical behavior changes which have reduced HIV/AIDS in some countries and what information security can learn from the same approach. Adrian “IronGeek” Crenshaw Funnypots and Skiddy Baiting Ever wanted to screw with those that screw with you? Honeypots might be ok for research, but they don't allow you to have fun at an attacker's expense the same way funnypot and skiddy baiting does. In this talk I'll be covering techniques you can use to scar the psyche or to have fun at the expense of attackers or people invading your privacy. Some of the topics to be covered are: Fun with DNS and Loopback, SWATing for Packets, Lemonwipe your drive, Robots.txt trolling, And more… Night 2 Name Title Description Nicholas “aricon” Berthaume Browser Fingerprinting Using a Stopwatch There are a number of methods for fingerprinting a user's browser. Most of the commonly employed methods are poor at best and can be spoofed. I believe that a another approach is needed. Using mod_security and standard deviation to detect rendering engine nuances for accurate browser and patch level detection server-side. When using JavaScript, header analysis and CSS implementations are not enough. Zero Chaos Pentoo Ever wish you could carry around your favorite pen-testing distribution on a cd, or a usb stick? Tried popular offerings but feeling like they pander to a different segment? Come hear about Pentoo. At Pentoo we pander to experienced linux users who are more likely to use their gpu for cracking passwords than “teh cubez” and fancy window makers. Come see what all the fuss it about. Benny “security4all” ??? Sleephacking 101 – How to Stay Awake for 20 Hours a Day without Turning into a Zombie Everyone of us has busy periods or just too many things to-do. You start sleeping less and drinking loads of coffee. Both of which are not good for your health. This talk will talk about why our body and mind actually need sleep and how you can hack it. We will discuss some methods on how to enable yourself to stay awake for 20 hours a day without turning into a zombie (and without the use of drugs). Christian “cmlh” Heinrich Payment Application – Don't Secure Sh!t (PA-DSS) Considering a majority of PCI related presentations focus on the “benefit” and “increase” to “security” are delivered by consultants and vendors whose sole agenda is their financial benefit in implementing PCI-DSS, the failures and their root causes within the lesser known Payment Application Data Security Standard (PA-DSS) will be explored. Both nights as one 2:20:29 long video: To download, right-click the link below: (451MB)
https://archive.org/details/ShmooconFiretalks2010 If you would like the talks in a little better quality, here there are separated into the two nights at a higher bitrate: Night 1
To download, right-click the link below:(303MB)
http://blip.tv/file/get/Irongeek-shmooconfiretalks20101888.mp4 Night 2
To download, right-click the link below:(272MB)
http://blip.tv/file/get/Irongeek-shmooconfiretalks20102210.mp4
Printable version of this article
– 2017 Rebel Cruiser Motorcycle Buyer's Guide Overview: Prices, Release Dates, Specs + More! –
New 2017 Motorcycle Model Announcement | IMS 2016
Honda today introduced a pair of progressive customs that fuse tradition with groundbreaking new ideas and perspectives while providing ample scope for owner customization. Offering a fresh take on custom cool, the Rebel 500 and Rebel 300 mix old- and new-school style and are engaging and fun to ride, with an outlook geared toward firing the imagination of a younger generation of riders.
Development for the Rebel 500 and Rebel 300 began in the U.S., with the objective of referencing a timeless look while also introducing a forward-thinking, contemporary style all their own. Accessible, fun to ride and easy to live with, the models go their own way but are also blank canvases, ready for whatever their owners' imaginations have in store.
“For many riders who have grown up through the digital age, motorcycles represent a lifestyle and an attitude, a means of expressing their individuality,” said Lee Edmunds, Manager of Motorcycle Marketing Communications at American Honda. “The machines that speak to these riders need to reflect this, to fit with their life while also offering the potential for further individualization. The Rebel 500 and Rebel 300 are simple and raw, offering cutting-edge style and a radical image while minimizing the barriers to riding. There's literally nothing else out there like them, and we're confident that both models will appeal to young riders who want to stand out and are open to new experiences.”
Rebel 500 / Rebel 300
Simple and raw, Honda's new Rebel models are exercises in straightforward, minimalist design where every detail matters. Low, lean silhouettes are crowned by iconic fuel tanks, aggressively raked front ends and fat tires on large-diameter wheels, along with a stamped-steel rear fender and narrow frame body, resulting in stripped forms that express offbeat individuality from every angle. The evocative round, glass headlight sits up high in a die-cast aluminum mount, the speedometer is a compact dial with negative LCD display and blue backlight, and the ignition is housed below the left side of the fuel tank. Everything that can be is blacked out.
With a 471cc parallel twin, the Rebel 500 has strong bottom-end torque and a smooth, linear power delivery, while the Rebel 300 is powered by a peppy 286cc single cylinder engine. In both cases, the bikes' riding positions are relaxed and neutral, with arms gently outstretched and feet dropping straight down to the mid-mounted pegs. The versatile Rebels are fun to ride slow and fast, great for day trips, jaunts to the coffee shops or even sporty sessions on winding roads; low weights, slim frames and short seat heights equal agility at lower speeds, whereas good ground clearances allow surprisingly sporty lean angles. Both the Rebel 500 and Rebel 300 are available in standard and ABS versions.
How will the 2017 Rebel 500 stack up against the 2017 Honda Shadow 750 in performance?
Let's use the Shadow Phantom 750 for an example VS Rebel 500…
● Shadow Phantom 750 | 40.5 Horsepower / 47.9 Torque / 549 lbs = Power-to-Weight Ratio .074 HP / .00015 TQ
Versus
● Rebel 500 | 44.9 Horsepower / 32.8 Torque / 408 lbs = Power-to-Weight Ratio .110 HP / .00014 TQ
When comparing their horsepower-to-weight ratio on the Rebel 500 VS Shadow Phantom 750 it's a huge difference but when comparing their torque-to-weight it does close up the gap slightly where the Phantom edges out but just barely. The Shadow would have a fighting chance at launch but once you get into 2nd gear and get moving the Rebel is going to pull away and widen the gap the faster they go. My $$ would be on the Rebel whether it be a roll race or from a dig.
It does go to show something that I preach every day to people when they are comparing motorcycles between different manufacturers and even the same brands as this comparison… A larger displacement engine doesn't always mean it's faster as you have to compare a lot more of the nitty-gritty specs.
* I will have a lot more detailed information in a full review on the Rebel 300 & 500 posted a little later today so make sure to check back shortly…
2017 Honda Rebel 300 & 500 Colors:
Rebel 500: Matte Silver, Bright Yellow, Black, Red
Rebel 500 ABS: Black
Rebel 300: Matte Silver, Matte Pearl White, Black, Red
Rebel 300 ABS: Black
2017 Honda Rebel 300 & 500 Prices / MSRP:
*Rebel 300 Tentative Price: $4,399
*Rebel 500 Tentative Price: $5,999 (Official Price / MSRP releasing in December 2016)
2017 Honda Rebel 300 & 500 Release Dates:
2017 Rebel 300 Release Date: April 2017
2017 Rebel 500 Release Date: April 2017
2017 Rebel 500 | Black 2017 Rebel 300 ABS | Black 2017 Rebel 500 | Matte Silver 2017 Rebel 300 | Red 2017 Rebel 500 | Red 2017 Rebel 300 | Matte Silver 2017 Rebel 500 | Bright Yellow 2017 Rebel 300 | Matte Pearl White 2017 Rebel 500 ABS | Black 2017 Rebel 300 | Black 2017 Rebel 500 Dimensions 2017 Rebel 500 Horsepower / Torque Performance 2017 Rebel 500 Frame / Chassis 2017 Honda Rebel 300 Frame / Chassis 2017 Rebel 300 Horsepower / Torque Performance 2017 Rebel 300 Dimensions
2017 Honda Rebel 300 & 500 Videos:
2017 Honda Rebel 300 & 500 Accessories
2017 Honda Rebel 300 & 500 Pictures / Photo Gallery
WASHINGTON - Following a speech on the Floor of the House of Representative, Congressman Dennis Kucinich (D-OH) today made the following statement:
"America is in the fight of its life and that fight is not in Afghanistan -- its here. We are deeply in debt. Our GDP is down. Our manufacturing is down. Our savings are down. The value of the dollar is down. Our trade deficit is up. Business failures are up. Bankruptcies are up.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"The war is a threat to our national security. We'll spend over one $100 billion next year to bomb a nation of poor people while we reenergize the Taliban, destabilize Pakistan, deplete our army and put more of our soldiers' lives on the line. Meanwhile, back here in the USA, 15 million people are out of work. People are losing their jobs, their health care, their savings, their investments, and their retirement security. $13 trillion in bailouts for Wall Street, trillions for war; when are we going to start taking care of things here at home?"
###
U.S. stock markets went on a tear following the election and keep pushing into record territory. Proposed tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending should boost the economy, but also pile on the already high $20 trillion in U.S. federal debt.
For those looking, financial bubbles seem to be inflating everywhere. Student loans are approaching $1.3 trillion, with more than one in nine borrowers in default. In metro Denver, home price gains have outstripped incomes by a wide margin and high-end apartments are springing up everywhere.
But are these bubbles real and are any large enough to represent a danger?
“Bubbles are developing. But they are rational, and they are far from being in the bursting phase,” KC Mathews, chief investment officer at UMB Bank, told clients in Denver on Thursday.
One way to measure if U.S. stocks are overvalued is to look at the ratio of share prices to earnings per share. For the S&P 500, that ratio stands at 17.4, just a tad above the 25-year average of 17. Mathews said in periods of low interest rates and low unemployment, the ratio has run between 19 and 23. For reference, it reached 30 during the dot-com bubble.
Investors are banking on Trump administration promises, and consumer confidence has reached levels associated with faster economic growth. Lower corporate and individual tax rates, reduced regulation and higher infrastructure spending could boost earnings per share for S&P 500 companies by 16 percent, which supports higher stock values, Mathews said.
But efforts to boost the economy also are likely to elevate the already high, nearly $20 trillion in U.S. national debt, which stands at 105 percent of economic output.
Going above 90 percent is associated with economies able to grow no more than 2 percent annually. But of that debt, $5 trillion is held by the Federal Reserve, said Eric Kelley, UMB's managing director of fixed income. That would suggest the burden isn't as heavy as it might look.
And while a federal debt bubble is forming — and is projected to rise for years to come — the bursting point appears to be on the far horizon.
The U.S. economy last year grew around 1.6 percent and Mathews predicts it can hit 2.4 percent to 2.8 percent this year. The Trump administration will be hard-pressed to achieve the 4 percent growth rate it has targeted, he said.
Kelley said the fiscal stimulus and tax cuts, normally deployed at the start of a recovery, are coming late in the cycle, which reduces their impact. Higher interest rates, while necessary, will also weigh on growth.
Also, about half of GDP growth is tied to gains in the labor force, which is growing at a sluggish 0.7 percent. Drawing more people back into the workforce can help that, as can encouraging older workers to stay around longer.
The country needs to bring more working-age adults into the country if it wants to get the economy out of the 2 percent or lower growth rut it seems to be stuck in, Mathews said.
“We have to have a rationale, healthy immigration program or we will get dragged back,” Mathews warned on a day when immigration protests left restaurants and construction crews short staffed.
Hundreds of people gathered at the entrance of Prairieland Park Thursday evening to protest Premier Brad Wall and the Saskatchewan Party's budget.
Demonstrators from different unions and community groups blocked the entrance to the parking lot, backing up traffic on Ruth Street all the way to Lorne Avenue at some points.
They waved signs in front of windshields, booing and yelling at the drivers who were attending the Premier's fundraising dinner.
“They're people of very few words. They put their heads down and won't look at you,” said Dave Cunningham, who walked up to driver's side windows to engage with attendees.
“Man up with what's going on in our province.”
Several of the drivers attempted to force their way through the crowd, with angry yelling matches breaking out after protesters were bumped by the cars.
One incident saw two protesters laid on the hood of a car that wouldn't stop, riding for 20 feet before the car stopped and they got off.
Things continue to escalate between drivers and protesters. This car bumped one. “If you hit her she can sue you.” #yxe pic.twitter.com/r1Uj5zCz9a — Chris Vandenbreekel (@Vandecision) April 27, 2017
Organizers from the Canadian Union of Public Employees warned both drivers and demonstrators not to make contact with each other to avoid legal trouble.
That didn't stop Bob Stadnichuk from slapping bumper magnets reading “keep liquor public” on dozens of vehicles.
“Hopefully they'll see it and it'll be a nice memento to put in their treasure chest,” he said.
Stadnichuk said he's been speaking out against liquor store privatization for two years, and now he's speaking out against Bill 40 which would allow for the sale of 49 per cent of each crown corporation.
“We told people this is what was going to end up happening,” he said. “Now they'll go after SaskTel and SaskPower.”
“Now we're out here to make sure this government does not do any more of these cuts.”
Drivers are ending up with some unexpected bumper stickers #yxe pic.twitter.com/w7VyBlNFfT — Chris Vandenbreekel (@Vandecision) April 27, 2017
Signs held by demonstrators addressed several issues including education cuts, the sale of crown corporations, the Global Transportation Hub scandal and health care funding.
But the most common sign slogan was “break the Wall.”
The protest began shortly before 5 p.m., with police not arriving on-scene to direct traffic until 6:15 p.m.
They asked demonstrators to get off the road and stay on the sidewalks, but many still tried to block vehicles and hold signs up to drivers.
No arrests were made.
Officers four-strong watched the perimeter of vehicles entering the parking lot, asking protesters politely to move aside. Demonstrators were largely respectful of the orders, choosing instead to yell “shame” at the drivers.
Things going smoother with police on scene. #yxe pic.twitter.com/RJAgTFni3F — Chris Vandenbreekel (@Vandecision) April 28, 2017
Wall responds
Premier Brad Wall briefly referenced the protest during his speech at the dinner, noting his wife “made it through the demonstration.”
After his speech, he addressed the issue to reporters.
“I said before the budget was introduced that this would not be a popular budget,” he said. “We know people are upset. Obviously they're going to express that dissent as they did today.”
He said the protests should be encouraged in a free society.
“They're part of politics, and they should be.”
In addition to the vaginal passage and its surrounding labia, the female genitals also boast four sexual ‘Hot Spots.' These are small zones of heightened erotic sensitivity, the stimulation of which during the mating act helps to bring the female nearer to an orgasmic condition. They are: the Clitoris, the U-spot, the G-spot, and the A-spot. The first two are outside the vagina, the second two inside it:
The Clitoris. This is the best known of the female genital hot spots, located at the top of the vulva, where the inner labia join at their upper ends. The visible part is the small, nipple-sized, female equivalent of the tip of the male penis, and is partially covered by a protective hood. Essentially it is a bundle of 8000 nerve fibres, making it the most sensitive spot on the entire female body. It is purely sexual in function and becomes enlarged (longer, more swollen, more erect) and even more sensitive during copulation. During foreplay it is often stimulated directly by touch, and many women who do not easily reach orgasm purely from vaginal stimulation find it easier to climax from oral, digital, or mechanical stimulation of the clitoris.
An Australian surgeon recently reported that the clitoris is larger than previously thought, much of it being hidden beneath the surface. The part that is visible is simply its tip, the rest of its length – its shaft – lying beneath the surface and extending down to surround the vaginal opening. This means that, during pelvic thrusting, its concealed part will be massaged vigorously by the movements of the inserted penis. There will therefore always be some degree of clitoral stimulation, even when the tip is not touched directly. The clitoral shaft is, however, less sensitive than the exposed tip, so that direct contact with the tip will always have a greater impact on female arousal. Some women claim that, by employing a rhythmic, downward roll of the pelvis, they can create a direct friction on the clitoris tip while the male is making pelvic thrusts, and can in this way magnify their arousal, but this requires a more dominant role for the female, which is not always accepted by the male.
The U-Spot. This is a small patch of sensitive erectile tissue located just above and on either side of the urethral opening. It is absent just below the urethra, in the small area between the urethra and the vagina. Less well known than the clitoris, its erotic potential was only recently investigated by American clinical research workers. They found that if this region was gently caressed, with the finger, the tongue, or the tip of the penis, there was an unexpectedly powerful erotic response.
While on the subject of the female urethra, it is important to mention ‘female ejaculation.' In the male, the urethral tube delivers both urine and seminal fluid containing sperm. In the female it is usually believed that it delivers only urine, but this is not the case. When there is an unusually powerful orgasm, some females may emit a liquid from their urethral openings that is not urine. There are specialized glands surrounding the urethral tube, called Skene's glands, or para-urethral glands, similar to the male's prostate, and under extreme stimulation they produce an alkaline liquid that is chemically similar to male seminal fluid. Women who experience ejaculation (which ranges in quantity from a few drops to a few tablespoonfuls), sometimes imagine that the extreme muscular exertions of their climactic moments have forced them into involuntary urination, but this is simply because they do not understand their own physiology. Nor, incidentally, did some medical authorities, who insisted that ejaculating women were suffering from ‘urinary stress incontinence' and suggested operations to cure it. (One man recently sued for divorce because he believed that his wife was urinating on him, such is the ignorance of female genital activity.)
It is not clear what the value of this female ejaculation can be, as its occurrence is clearly a little late to act as an aid to lubrication. Vaginal lubrication is, in fact, carried out by the walls of the vagina themselves, which rapidly become covered in a liquid film when female sexual arousal first begins.
The G-Spot, or Grafenberg Spot. This is a small, highly sensitive area located 5-8 cm (2-3 inches) inside the vagina, on the front or upper wall. Named after its discoverer, a German gynaecologist called Ernst Grafenberg, it is sometimes romantically referred to as the Goddess Spot. Research into the nature of the female orgasm, carried out in the 1940s, led to the discovery that the female's urethral tube, that lies on top of the vagina, is surrounded by erectile tissue similar to that found in the male penis. When the female becomes sexually aroused, this tissue starts to swell. In the G-spot zone this expansion rebults in a small patch of the vaginal wall protruding into the vaginal canal. It is this raised patch that is, according to Grafenberg, ‘a primary erotic zone, perhaps more important than the clitoris.' He explains that its significance was lost when the ‘missionary position' became a dominant feature of human sexual behaviour. Other sexual positions are far more efficient at stimulating this erogenous zone and therefore at achieving vaginal orgasms.
It should be pointed out that the term ‘G-spot' was not used by Grafenberg himself. As mentioned above, he called it ‘an erotic zone,' which is a much better description of it. Unfortunately, the modern use of ‘G-spot' as a popular term has led to some misunderstanding. Some women have been led to believe, optimistically. that there is a ‘sex button' that can be pressed like a starter button, at any time, to cause an erotic explosion. Disappointed, they then come to the conclusion that the whole concept of a ‘G-spot' is false and that it does not exist. The truth, as already explained, is that the G-spot is a sexually sensitive patch of vaginal wall that protrudes slightly only when the glands surrounding the urethral tube have become swollen. Several leading gynaecologists denied its existence when it was first discussed at their conferences, and a major controversy arose, but later, when it was specially demonstrated for their benefit, they changed their minds. Sexual politics also entered the debate, when certain anti-male campaigners rejected out of hand the idea that vaginal orgasm could be possible. For them clitoral orgasm was politically correct and no other would do. How they have reacted to the recent marketing of ‘G-spotter' attachments for vibrators is not recorded.
Astonishingly, there have been recent reports that some women have been undergoing ‘G-spot enhancement.' This involves injecting collagen into the G-spot zone to enlarge it. According to one source, ‘One of the latest procedures to catch on is G-spot injection. Similar substances to those injected into the lips to plump them up can now be injected into your G-spot. The idea is that this will increase its sensitivity and so give you better orgasms.' This sounds more like an urban myth than a surgical reality, but where female sexual improvements are concerned, almost anything is possible.
The A-Spot, AFE-zone or Anterior Fornix Erogenous Zone. Also referred to as the Epicentre, this is a patch of sensitive tissue at the inner end of the vaginal tube between the cervix and the bladder, described technically as the ‘female degenerated prostate.' (In other words, it is the female equivalent of the male prostate, just as the clitoris is the female equivalent of the male penis.) Direct stimulation of this spot can produce violent orgasmic contractions. Unlike the clitoris, it is not supposed to suffer from post-orgasmic over-sensitivity.
Its existence was reported by a Malaysian physician in Kuala Lumpur as recently as the 1990s. There has been some mis-reporting about it, and its precise position has been incorrectly described by several writers. Its true location is just above the cervix, at the innermost point of the vagina. The cervix of the uterus is the narrow part that protrudes slightly into the vagina, leaving a circular recess around itself. The front part of this recess is called the anterior fornix. Pressure on it produces rapid lubrication of the vagina, even in women who are not normally sexually responsive. It is now possible to buy a special AFE vibrator – long thin and upward curved at its end, to probe this zone.
Students of female sexual physiology claim (perhaps over-enthusiastically) that if these four erotic centres are stimulated in rotation, one after the other, it is possible for a woman to enjoy many orgasms in a single night. It is pointed out, however, that it takes an extremely experienced and sensitive lover to achieve this.
It has been claimed that two out of every three women fail to reach regular orgasms from simple penetrative sex. As mentioned above, most of them find that only digital or oral stimulation of the clitoris can be guaranteed to bring them to climax. This must mean that, for them, the two ‘hot spots' inside the vagina are not living up to their name. The reason for this, it seems, is monotony in sexual positioning. A group of 27 couples were asked to vary their sexual positions experimentally, employing postures that would allow greater stimulation of the two vaginal ‘hot spots,' and it was found that three-quarters of the females involved were then able to achieve regular vaginal orgasms.
While Roller Derby tries its hardest to be an accepting place, it is sometimes hard for a majority population to understand the needs of a minority, and the actions of individuals can always fall below the standards the community may aspire to. This was highlighted last year, when Meat Train was not placed in the New Zealand National Women's Derby squad, apparently due to concerns that as a hard of hearing individual, it would be too hard to accommodate her into the training routine.
One of the consequences of the outcry over this was the foundation of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Roller Derby Skaters Worldwide Facebook group, in order to promote and support deaf and Hard of Hearing skaters in roller derby. (At this point, a brief aside is necessary on terminology: when used with a capital D, “Deaf” is used to identify as a member of the Deaf community; as opposed to “deaf”, which refers to the medical state. A HoH (Hard of Hearing) person may also identify as Deaf if they are part of the community, despite not being “medically deaf”. )
The community recently got some wider attention in the UK when UK rep (and Doonhame Derby Dolls skater) Firefoxx was filmed by BBC SeeHear when attending a bout down in Bristol.
We took the opportunity to ask some questions of the current team behind the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Roller Derby Worldwide Facebook group. Our interviewees are: Meat Train (also known as Marcia), her (Hearing) partner Lex, referee Davie Darko and Firefoxx. Meat Train skates for Whenua Fatales Roller Derby/ Hutt Valley Vanguard Roller Derby, New Zealand and is HoH going deaf, Davie Darko referees for Roc City Roller Derby and is HoH, and Firefoxx skates for Scotland's own Doonhame Derby Dolls and identifies as Deaf. Firefoxx is sponsored by Skates.co.uk.
I believe that the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Derby Skaters Worldwide FB group and community was founded after the incident in during New Zealand's National Team selection involving discrimination against Meat Train for being Deaf. Were you as skaters surprised by this event?
MT: I was very surprised that my hearing loss was taken into consideration and plastered on social media. I was deaf at the start of the year when I got picked for the top 30 and everyone knew that.
I feel that with the mindset that enabled this to happen I never had a hope of making the final team. This is not ok for New Zealand Roller Derby and this is not ok when picking a national sports team.
L: I felt ill…and then furious. I knew that it was not okay. It has been a very intense 9 months since then and it has been gut-wrenching to see how it has affected Marcia. There has been so much support for her worldwide and our decision to start this page has helped so much with turning this whole thing into something positive. We have worked tirelessly on the Deaf and HoH Roller Derby Skaters Worldwide page, all with the aim of making sure that this does not happen again to anyone.
What has the community been doing to make things better for D/HoH skaters in the months since it was founded?
L: There are so many things! From derby promo videos in sign language to how much love we see coming to each and every person we profile on the page from their teammates… We have had MANY people contact us saying “we have a Deaf or HoH person in our League – how can we support them?” – it's wonderful
The impetus for this interview was the discovery that Doonhame's Firefoxx was representing Scotland and the Deaf community in Bristol, to be filmed by See Hear. Can you talk a little about how you got involved in this, and what the experience was like?
MT: Firefoxx was one of the 1st skaters profiled on our page. When we were contacted by the BBC looking for a Deaf/ HoH skater in the UK we put them in contact with her as her profile had been very popular and she was one of the only UK-based derby people we knew at the time.
L: As Marcia said, the BBC got in contact with us and we pointed them in Firefoxx's direction It was very exciting in the few days leading up to the filming as we decided to pull together a ‘good luck video' for her and her teammates (as it was their cherry popper!) from derby people from all around the world! We spent a crazy few days calling in favours, filming our own message, editing and getting the vid to the BBC in time to surprise the Doonhame Derby Dolls before the bout. It was bloody intense but so worth it!
There are, of course, many sign languages, which are very different in vocabulary and grammar. Do any of you know more than one Sign Language, and if so, are any better suited to derby than others?
MT:New Zealand Sign Language is very similar to British Sign Language. I find NZSL easy to use on the track as we're not signing whole sentences, just signs for different plays.
L: No, only basic New Zealand Sign Language but we really need to learn some American Sign Language to be better able to Skype call with the ASL users we meet through our page!!!!!
D: Unfortunately I don't know any sign language, but I'm seriously considering ASL, given my deteriorating hearing and of course where I live.
FF: [I'm] currently learning [British] sign language and enrolling in advanced classes soon.
As with any language which the majority do not speak, are there advantages to having a Sign Language as a language (and teaching your teammates it)?
MT: I'm still learning sign as I'm going deaf and it is now my second language. Using sign is an advantage as the other team have no clue what you're about to do. It helps make sure everyone knows what play we are about roll out, without telling the opposition. And at a derby game it's so loud who can hear much anyway? New Zealand Sign Language is very similar to British Sign Language. I find NZSL easy to use on the track as we're not signing whole sentences, just signs for different plays.
L: Absolutely. Sign Language can be seen from a distance so you can communicate across a track, even in the middle of a drill or from the bench. As someone in the audience I often get signed at from the bench (can you fill my water bottle/ I've hurt my _________ or what was that penalty for? LOL)
There's a lot of advice on the FB page for skaters and officials concerning support of Deaf and Hard of Hearing skaters, including the provision of signing translators for bench teams, and dealing with insubordination calls. What've been the most common issues, and the best responses to the issues that you face as D/HoH skaters?
MT: There are Leagues around the world trying to understand, trying to help and holding events that are inclusive but like anything it takes time and a willingness to try.
D: In my experience as an official (and from that point of view), the most common issues I've seen are skaters knowing when they are receiving a penalty or penalty warning from a referee, or receiving instructions from penalty box staff. However, these are well-known issues, and for teams that have a Deaf or HoH skater, they usually already know how to handle it. It is brought up early before the game starts, and procedures are put in place to better enable communication between skaters and officials.
FF: The biggest barrier I've faced is the communication between myself and officials. Being on track, not being able to hear what is happening around you and having that inner panic incase you miss a ref call or something is a really isolating feeling. It's literally like skating around in your own little bubble. I rely heavily on the officials to immerse me fully into the game. The biggest challenge we face is educating all the officials out there on how to communicate effectively with the deaf and HOH.
Is it easier, do you think, to be HoH or deaf when playing derby, and are there more similarities than differences?
MT: I think so, yes, but then I don't have anything to compare it to. It's what I know, my way of being in the world…
I don't get distracted by other stuff like the crowd, people talking smack talk, the commentary. On the other hand if there is music when I'm jamming it puts me at a disadvantage as I can't hear the whistles and end up starting later than the other Jammer (I always have to watch the hand signal of the Jam Timer). The music is what I hate the most.
L: I can't speak FOR the Deaf or HoH people involved in derby as I am not one of them. I can say that one of the most common things that comes through the page is that people who are hard of hearing are often struggling with where they fit in derby. We have seen some amazing improvements in people's confidence to ‘come out' to their Leagues and speak up for what they need. This doesn't always happen though and we have seen some people walk away from derby because it's just too hard to keep asking for a few accommodations that would make all the difference. That always breaks our hearts and this is one of the main reasons why we created our resources (for skaters, for officials, for leagues and for fans).
D: I can't speak to what is easier or harder, but as a HoH official, I can certainly attest to the challenges that are faced. For us, audible signals are a must for certain things. For example, as a Jammer Referee, there are decisions you have to make that depend upon the state of the pack and where the Engagement Zone is, and if you have trouble hearing the pack definition or in/out of play status from the Inside Pack Referees, you could be missing critical information and make the wrong call. Luckily my hearing aid has helped me in this regard.
FF: I honestly completely underestimated how hard this game would be as a deaf skater. Not only do we have to use our individual talent on talent and perform exceptional teamwork – we have to essentially find a way to bring that all together; but without any hearing. I think if people could truly understand how it feels to be a deaf person in a hearing sport; they'd quickly change the way of the game. It's hard, but my love for the sport makes it worth it.
If you could pick one thing which is the most important aspect to do right to support D/HoH skaters in derby, what would it be?
MT: Facing the Deaf/ HoH person when you are talking to them.
The hardest part of derby is the training, not so much the games. It's in training that coaches roll around to talk so you can't always see their face and what they're saying. At the same time other skaters are often fixing their gear up (velcro, stomping their skates) or talking over top of the coach or just chatting to their friends and that makes it hard (or impossible) to hear what the coach is saying. Facing us means we have a much better (but not 100%!) chance of lip-reading or hearing what you are saying!
Also, it's nice to know you're not alone when you feel like you don't fit.
L: Be welcoming to them. Don't make them feel like a burden or too-hard to deal with. You could be missing out on your next star Jammer or Blocker/ an amazing new friend xx
D: Derby is the people. As such, I think the most important thing is to learn how we can best understand and support each other through inclusivity and open, honest, and patient communication.
FF: Be patient. We're trying really hard to keep up with you. If you give us a little time, we'll be a true asset to your team. We may not be able to hear you but we'll make up for it with our incredible determination.
Advertisements
Umpiring aid Snicko could be used in this winter's Ashes series between England and hosts Australia.
International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson says the use of Snicko - which detects edges using sound - will be considered following problems with technology this summer.
There have been calls for thermal-imaging system Hot Spot to be scrapped.
"Snicko will probably be the first bit of technology introduced - it's always been reliable," said Richardson.
What are Snicko and Hot Spot? Snicko uses soundwaves to try to detect if the batsman has edged a ball, while Hot Spot uses thermal imaging cameras. While there have been instances where a faint edge has not shown up on Hot Spot, it is hoped the two could work together to create a better decision review system.
Snicko uses sound from stump microphones to help detect if a batsman has edged the ball.
The technology has not been available to third umpires this summer because there is too much of a delay in synchronising television pictures with the sound provided by the microphones, but a new real-time Snicko is currently being tested.
"Without getting too technical it's quite an involved process to make sure the sound gets to you at the same time [as the TV pictures] and is synchronised perfectly with where the ball is," Richardson told BBC Radio 5 live's Sportsweek programme.
There have been a number of high-profile umpiring mistakes which have not been corrected despite using the decision review system - where teams can refer decisions made on the field to the third umpire - during this summer's Ashes.
Following the first Test at Trent Bridge, the ICC had to admit Jonathan Trott should not have been given out lbw after getting an inside edge.
Trott was initially given not out, but was dismissed by third umpire Marais Erasmus when Australia used DRS, because a key Hot Spot camera angle was not available to the South African.
We know Hot Spot sometimes doesn't pick up the faint edges Dave Richardson ICC chief
Later in the same match, England's Stuart Broad edged to first slip, via a deflection off the wicketkeeper, but he was given not out and the decision stood because Australia had used up both of their allotted reviews.
Richardson is keen for a review of DRS, but pointed out that technology has enabled the umpires to get more decisions right than if they did not have access to it.
"What we need to do now is to take stock, review the statistics," said Richardson. "Looking back over the five Tests this summer, without DRS we would have had a correct decision rate of about 91% , which is lower than we would have liked and lower than the average, but with DRS we ended up with the correct decisions up around 97%.
"I don't think a 100% success rate is achievable because technology can sometimes fail and the umpires, even with technology, might make a mistake where judgement is concerned."
Real-time Snicko is expected to be the first piece of new technology implemented, possibly alongside Hot Spot.
"The good thing with Hot Spot is that when there is a mark we know there is an edge," said Richardson. "Sometimes it doesn't pick up the faint edges, we know that. It's going to help get us to 97% but not 100% at the moment.
"There are meetings coming up in September and they could have the authority to sanction Snicko's use."
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A Minneapolis mother is looking for the public's help in finding a mob of teenage girls that she says assaulted her family.
The attack happened Thursday afternoon inside Folwell Park on Minneapolis' north side.
Shawnee Twiet says she was in and out of consciousness when the attack happened.
“As soon as I hit the ground, I just started feeling just everything coming from everywhere,” Twiet said. “I mean blows coming from the back of my head. I felt somebody grabbing the back of my hair.”
She suffered a black eye, bruises all over her body and imprints on her back.
Twiet says she was not the original victim; her two daughters were targeted first. Twiet says the group blamed her daughters for taking a pair of sunglasses.
Twiet's 15-year-old called home after she said she was threatened by the group. Twiet then made the three-block journey to Folwell Park.
Twiet said when she arrived at the park she saw a woman and some teenage girls crossing the street. She also saw her 15-year-old walking toward her, but she noticed that her 4-year-old daughter was missing.
Twiet then called 911 and screamed for her 4-year-old daughter.
While she was on the phone, Twiet saw her 4-year-old in the distance. She also saw a group of teenagers coming toward her.
“Not more than three feet from me she gets to me, and I got hit in the back of my head,” Twiet said.
The attack had started.
Still on the phone with police, Twiet gave them a description of the teenager who was hitting her.
“As soon as I picked up my daughter, I got hit two more times in the back of my head, which threw me forward,” Twiet said.
During the attack, Twiet was able to protect her 4-year-old.
Twiet says when police arrived at the scene, nobody wanted to come forward to tell them what had happened.
“Nobody wants to say which way anybody went,” Twiet said. “You know this was all over a pair of sunglasses that could have been replaced.”
Twiet's 15-year-old suffered a swollen nose and a busted blood vessel in her eye. Her four year old has a bruise on her leg and a contusion on her head.
Twiet, however, does not want to see the teenagers that she says assaulted her family behind bars. She wants an apology.
She also wants the young ladies to perform community service, so they can learn to help others, instead of hurt them.
Police say there were witnesses to the beatdown, but no one has said who is responsible. Police are still investigating the incident.
If you know who might be responsible, call police.
Bill Gates is once again speaking out against the internet-first approach many tech leaders have taken to philanthropy. "As a priority? It's a joke," Gates tells the Financial Times, when asked about how Mark Zuckerberg's plan to bring the whole world online compared to malaria research. "Hmm, which is more important, connectivity or malaria vaccine? If you think connectivity is the key thing, that's great. I don't." Though Gates still serves as Microsoft's chairman, most of his focus these days is in philanthropy through the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, addressing quality of life issues including eradicating diseases and preventing childhood deaths.
"I certainly love the IT thing," Gates tells FT. "But when we want to improve lives, you've got to deal with more basic things like child survival, child nutrition."
"You've got to deal with more basic things like child survival, child nutrition."
Gates has previously criticized Google's Project Loon — which plans to use giant balloons to bring internet connections to developing countries — saying it wouldn't do much good if you were dying of malaria. While Gates' goal used to be seeing the proliferation of the PC, nowadays such things are far from a priority. "The world is not flat and PCs are not, in the hierarchy of human needs, in the first five rungs," Gates tells FT. He continues the thought later, while shooting down the idea that building new industries can be more important than giving away money. "We need children not to die, we need people to have an opportunity to get a good education."
But while Gates may want to spend his focus on philanthropy, he tells FT that Microsoft still takes up a large portion of his time. He's part of the committee looking for a replacement to Ballmer, and he still regularly meets with various Microsoft product groups. Even though Gates' can't leave his company behind, he consistently makes his priorities clear. While "technology's amazing," he tells FT, "It doesn't get down to the people most in need in anything near the timeframe we should want it to."
If we were to pick the hottest area of technology research so far in 2012, it would have to be brainwaves. We've already seen them being used to move robotic exoskeletons for stroke victims and pilot drone aircraft, and their applications just keep evolving. Case in point: A new battlefield binocular system that will let soldiers determine hostile activity from miles away by using their subconscious thoughts in conjunction with a computer.
Under development by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) since 2007, the Cognitive Technology Threat Warning System (CT2WS) — nicknamed "Luke Skywalker binoculars" after the optics used by the "Star Wars" character — interfaces with a brainwave-reading headset worn by soldiers. A computer scans a 120-degree field of view and sends images of potential threats to the viewfinder for soldiers to review. As they look at the images, the system monitors for the P-300 brainwave, which indicates recognition. Even if the soldiers don't realize it, their brains could be quietly identifying targets, and this system can pick that up.
DARPA says that the CT2WS system has been shown to catch 91% of threats in testing, up substantially from conventional binoculars that only allowed soldiers to spot 47% of threats in the tests. What's more, the agency reports that the system cut false alarms — identification of activity as threats that really weren't — from 810 per hour to five.
Now that the binoculars have proven themselves effective, the technology is being handed over to the Army's Night Vision Lab for further development. At this rate, the digital cameras of 2036 will incorporate the technology for catching that perfect moment without even (consciously) thinking about it.
[Image credit: DARPA]
[via Motherboard]
This article was written by Randy Nelson and originally appeared on Tecca
More from Tecca:
by Rob Moseley
Editor, GoDucks.com
LAS VEGAS — Oregon's shooters will have no excuses Thursday night, UO assistant coach Kevin McKenna joked with them.
The Ducks held a brief shootaround Wednesday morning at the MGM Grand's Garden Arena, site of this week's Pac-12 men's basketball tournament. With the floor brightly lit but the upper reaches of the arena kept dark, the baskets appear to shooters as if bathed in a spotlight.
"How can you miss?" said McKenna, who worked out Oregon's guards during the half-hour session Wednesday morning. One of the Ducks' best shooters, Jalil Abdul-Bassit, didn't disagree: "It's a shooters arena," he said.
That was the kind of observation the Ducks wanted to make Wednesday, their only workout on the arena floor prior to their tournament quarterfinal game Thursday night. Oregon scheduled a more robust practice at a local high school later in the day, then planned to be back at MGM Grand later Wednesday to watch Oregon State face Colorado, the winner of which will face the Ducks on Thursday (6:10 p.m. PT, Pac-12 Networks).
Only four members of the UO roster were on hand for last season's conference tournament, also at MGM Grand. So another function Wednesday was to get the "wow" factor out of the way.
McKenna said newcomers such as Dillon Brooks were indeed a bit awestruck, but the UO assistant described that as a positive. "Our guys are excited about playing," he said.
"The lights are so bright," Abdul-Bassit said after Wednesday morning's shootaround. "It's definitely exciting; being in the tournament by itself is exciting. Just trying to maintain focus."
UO coach Dana Altman set a focused, high-energy tone Wednesday morning. With forwards working at one end and guards at the other, Altman stood at midcourt shouting encouragement and instruction to his team.
"Let's go, let's go," Altman said. "Everything's game-like, men, game-like."
As McKenna put guards through scenarios at one end, Mike Mennenga drilled the forwards. The big men were reviewing basic post moves, but Mennenga ramped up the intensity by repeatedly counting down an imagined shot clock.
The session ended with free throws, an area in which the Ducks have excelled all season. Oregon's conference-leading free-throw conversion rate of .754 is 33 points better than second-place Stanford; Cook, Brooks and Abdul-Bassit each made two-of-two from the line in the final 30 seconds of the Ducks' three-point win at OSU in last week's regular-season finale.
"Finish 'em out, finish 'em out," Altman shouted as the Ducks practiced free throws Wednesday. "You get that lead and then you finish 'em out at the line."
Once the workout ended, Oregon gathered its things to head to practice. McKenna said that would be another relatively light workout, since the Ducks don't yet know their opponent Thursday night.
McKenna said coaches would remind players of some basics about the playing styles of the Beavers and Buffaloes, but wouldn't get into much personnel-wise. He handled the pre-tournament scout of Colorado, as the staff delegated assignments.
Thursday's pre-game shootaround will be more extensive than usual, since by then coaches will know which opponent's scouting report to review with players in depth. "We're ready to give it to them," McKenna said. "But we've got to wait."
"The thing is, we played both of them recently," McKenna added. "It's not like we played them mid-January. We've got some recent history, and then we'll be able to see them play tonight. They'll get refocused then."
Abdul-Bassit said focus shouldn't be a problem, after the Ducks read and heard some backlash to Monday's announcement that Altman was named Pac-12 coach of the year, and Joseph Young was player of the year. They were selected by conference coaches over candidates from Pac-12 regular-season champ Arizona.
"I think we're still motivated," Abdul-Bassit said. "I think a lot of people are still doubting us. They don't think we should have got the awards we got, so I think everybody's motivated."
They are not known as 'weapons of mass distraction' for nothing...
In the 24 hours since FBI Director Comey dropped perhaps the biggest bombshell of the entire Presidential campaign, sending Democrats (and media) scrambling headless-chicken-like for answers (and blame-scaping), does anyone else find it odd that 'FBI Emails' does not appear to be a hot topic, trending, big deal on any social media?
Snapchat..."Hot"
h/t @CharlieKrik11
Facebook... "Trending"
h/t @MichaelDuncan
Twitter..."Top Moments"
h/t @kierobar
Buzzfeed... "Trending Now"
* * *
As Liberty Blitzkrieg's Mike Krieger recently asked (and answered), why are these things happening in the first place?
Apple claims not to endorse candidates, but their actions suggest otherwise, and some of their executives - including CEO Tim Cook - actively support Clinton's campaign. Buzzfeed recently obtained an invitation to a private $50,000-per-plate fundraiser Cook is hosting for Clinton with his Apple colleague, Lisa Jackson, at the end of this month. Apple isn't the only corporation doing Clinton's bidding. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said Clinton made a deal with Google and that the tech giant is “directly engaged” in her campaign. It's been widely reported Clinton hired Eric Schmidt—chairman of Alphabet, the parent company of Google—to set up a tech company called The Groundwork. Assange claims this was to ensure Clinton had the “engineering talent to win the election.” He also pointed out that many members of Clinton's staff have worked for Google, and some of her former employees now work at Google.
Of course, I covered Groundwork earlier this year. See: Meet “Groundwork” – Google Chairman Eric Schmidt's Stealth Startup Working to Make Hillary Clinton President
Twitter is another culprit. The company has gotten a lot of slack for banning conservatives and Trump supporters such as Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos and, most recently, rapper Azealia Banks after she came out in support of Trump. Twitter has provided vague answers as to why conservative voices have been banned while they've allowed other users to call for the killing of cops. Just yesterday, Buzzfeed revealed that the social media giant's top executive personally protected the President from seeing critical messages last year. “In 2015, then-Twitter CEO Dick Costolo secretly ordered employees to filter out abusive and hateful replies to President Barack Obama.” The founders of some of the most popular pro-Trump Twitter handles - including @USAforTrump2016 and @WeNeedTrump—insist Twitter is censoring their content. They've pointed out that Twitter changes trending hashtags associated with negative tweets about Clinton (which has been reported before). On August 4, shortly after the hashtag “HillaryAccomplishment” began trending, it was taken over by anti-Clinton users, who used it to mention Benghazi or Emailgate. Eric Spracklen, @USAforTrump2016 founder, noticed the hashtag was quickly changed—pluralized to #HillarysAccomplishments.
Many people have pointed out the exact shenanigans described above for other Clinton-related hashtags. In fact, it's been my self-described progressive friends who have been most up in arms about it.
“They take away the hashtag that has negative tweets for Clinton and replace it with something that doesn't so the average person doesn't see what was really trending,” Spracklen said. “This happens every day.” This new strand, where one cannot even search for alternative viewpoints amid technology companies who stand to benefit from the free-trade policies and eased immigration regulations of a Clinton presidence, represents a dangerous sea change. There's absolutely no question the digital forums we use every day are censoring conservatives and favoring Clinton. You can't simply scroll through photos on Instagram, look for a video game in the App Store or do a quick Google search without being fed anti-Trump and pro-Clinton propaganda.
Personally, I've definitely noticed a big-time pro-Clinton bias in my Twitter stream on a daily basis, and I don't follow people/organizations that would define themselves as overtly pro-Clinton. That's my honest perception, and I don't have a dog in this fight.
* * *
"Squirrel!"
Loosehead prop Tom Court will leave Ulster at the end of this season after he agreed a new long-term contract with an Aviva Premiership club.
RTÉ Sport understands that the club in question is London Irish.
Neither Ulster, London Irish nor Court himself have officially confirmed he will be moving to the Madejski Stadium; however, an announcement will be made by London Irish later today confirming the prop has signed a three-year deal.
Court joined Ulster at the start of the 2006/2007 season and has made 135 appearances for the province.
He was born in Australia but is qualified to play for Ireland through ancestry and has won 32 international caps.
He represented the Lions in the summer and played 35 minutes for the tourists in the win over the Melbourne Rebels.
The 33-year-old has been a cornerstone of the Ulster scrum in recent years and he played in both the 2012 Heineken Cup final and last season's RaboDirect PRO12 final. He was a stand out performer in last month's wins over Leicester Tigers and Montpellier.
Commenting on his reasons for leaving Ulster, Tom Court said: ”I feel that this is the right decision with regards to me and my career at this stage.
“It is going to be very sad when the time comes to actually leave and finish up, but there is a lot of rugby left for me with the province.
"There are six months remaining of this season, so there is even more motivation for me to make the most of it while I am here and to try and help Ulster win something.”.
EU justice commissioner Vivane Reding announced on Wednesday (12 September) a "justice scoreboard" to rank rule of law in the EU.
"I am prepared to come once a year before this house to share with all of you the commission's assessment of the justice systems of the 27 member states," she told MEPs in Strasbourg.
The scoreboard would gauge the various strengths and weaknesses of each member state by benchmarking judicial "strength, efficiency and reliability."
People from Reding's department would probe the national set-ups and issue annual reports, paying particular attention to the independence of the judiciary.
Her proposal is prompted by claims of the deteriorating rule of law and justice in both Hungary and Romania.
Earlier this year, Budapest drafted changes to its constitution to weaken its central bank, restrict media freedom and help install government-friendly judges. The commission responded by launching infringement proceedings and claimed Hungary's move violated EU rules.
Romania also came under scrutiny.
The political infighting between Romania's Prime Minister Victor Ponta and President Traian Basescu drew the commission's ire.
Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso warned Ponta not to usurp the independence of the country's constitutional court in his attempts to impeach the deeply unpopular Basescu.
Ponta at first backed off, but then began piling on pressure following a failed referendum to unseat Basescu. The issue once again reached Brussels when on 10 August Barroso told Ponta to respect the court and to investigate allegations that judges were being intimidated.
The bickering was already the centre of a Brussels-executive annual report issued in July, which claimed that Bucharest was not doing enough to improve the rule of law and judicial independence.
An additional Romania report is due out before the end of the year.
Reding now wants to extend such annual reports to the rest of Europe and claims to have the backing of several member state ministries, including Germany's foreign minister.
"We need such a new mechanism. Because our infringement procedures are too technical and too slow to react in situations of high risk to the rule of law," she said.
The commissioner noted that some member states, once they join the Union, fall behind in their obligations to uphold the law.
Rebecca Harms, the British co-leader of the Green MEPs, backed Reding and told the Strasbourg plenary the commission should report on every member state's justice system.
"It is a very good that the commission now is taking a closer look at what is happening in Romania and I think it would be very good if we were to have this sort of tool available for all member states in the EU," said Harms.
Reding's spokeswoman Mina Andreeva told this website the proposal would be introduced in the commission's annual growth survey before the end of the year.
The annual growth survey marks the beginning of a 'European semester' and contains recommendations for future policy initiatives.
Check this out... it's Jack's Munchie Meal from Jack in the Box. This info isn't currently on the JITB website, but was spotted in Santa Clara, California by GrubGrade reader Tristan.
Stacked Grilled Cheeseburger - Sourdough grilled cheese on top, cheeseburger on the bottom.
- Sourdough grilled cheese on top, cheeseburger on the bottom. Exploding Cheesy Chicken - A Chicken Sandwich exploding with mozzarella cheese sticks and gooey white cheese sauce.
- A Chicken Sandwich exploding with mozzarella cheese sticks and gooey white cheese sauce. Loaded Nuggets - Chicken nuggets drowning in two kinds of cheese with rand and bacon.
- Chicken nuggets drowning in two kinds of cheese with rand and bacon. Brunch Burger - A burger with a fried egg and a crispy has brown for when it's so late you don't know whether it's breakfast, lunch or dinner.
is awhich consists of a halfsies order of curly fries and regular fries, two tacos, a 20-oz drink... plus your choice of one of the following:
Advertisement
I remember a wall poster that said – “Even for expert users things should be simple.”
The line came to my mind when I came across the nifty “˜Incognito mode' in Google Chrome. The incognito mode gives us a way to stealthily and sneakily wade through the web. For those who have come in late, this is what Google says about the incognito mode…
Webpage's that you open and files downloaded while you are incognito won't be logged in your browsing and download histories; all new cookies are deleted after you close the incognito window. You can browse normally and in incognito mode at the same time by using separate windows.
In spite of its cool quotient, what is missing for a lot of us is a way to launch the browser in incognito mode by default. The solution is not too far to seek as Google provides a command line switch which we can use.
So, how to start Google Chrome in Incognito Mode
Place a Google Chrome shortcut on the desktop (or any other desired location). Rename the shortcut to any convenient name like – Private Chrome. Right-click on the shortcut and select “˜Properties'.
On the “˜Target' field add an –incognito to the end of program path. (Note: Make sure there is a space between the last apostrophe and the dash) Your incognito browser is now ready for launch. If you select “˜New Window' from settings, you will get a normal non-incognito Chrome window.
The incognito mode has its uses in public browsing where we don't want to leave behind a trace of our activities. Among its other off hand uses is that it allows us to open different account sessions for the same website. For instance I can open two different talk sessions of Gmail Chat, one through the normal browser window and the other through the incognito one. This possibility extends to other web services too where one has two different accounts.
Did you find this simple tip useful? Any special reason you would want to launch Google Chrome in Incognito Mode by defualt? Let us know in the comments.
“The market cannot wait and people need help,” said Health Connector head Jean Yang.
About 50,000 health insurance applications, many filed by low-
income Massachusetts residents, have yet to be processed by the state's troubled insurance marketplace, officials disclosed Thursday, and it may take months to get all these people enrolled in subsidized plans.
For several months, residents have been encouraged to file old-fashioned paper applications because the state's insurance website has been hobbled by error messages and has crashed frequently since it was revamped in October to comply with the more complex requirements of the federal health care law.
Frustration with the broken Massachusetts Health Connector website and the paperwork backlog was evident Thursday, when Jean Yang, the agency's executive director, wept as she told the Connector board how demoralized her staff is.
Advertisement
“These people came here to lead and innovate, and instead they're doing manual workarounds,” Yang said. “And they are embarrassed to tell friends and family that they work for the Health Connector,” once considered a national model.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
She made clear that she was not looking for sympathy.
“We have to work harder,” she said. “That means I need to tell the staff members they're not doing a good enough job, and I'm telling them that, even though they have been doing this tirelessly for months and they're exhausted.”
Sarah Iselin, a health insurance executive whom Governor Deval Patrick last week put in charge of fixing the website, said the state is bringing in 300 people from Optum, a private contractor, to process the applications. The state is also working to develop a faster data-
entry system, though that task alone could take three weeks, she said.
Currently, it takes two hours to enter each application into a computer database. Each application may represent a family or an individual.
Advertisement
“We've got to catch up,” Iselin said at the Connector board meeting. “That's priority number one.”
The website was working smoothly until it was overhauled by the tech firm CGI in a botched attempt to comply with the federal Affordable Care Act. Since then, the state has resorted to off-line workarounds and has put many people into temporary health plans. But an unknown number of other people may be uninsured because their applications have sat untouched.
Yang's unusual display of emotion at a meeting normally focused on dry policy discussions came a day after she, Iselin, and other state health insurance officials were grilled by angry legislators who complained bitterly that many of their constituents have been unable to find coverage.
Yang said those concerns have been driving her and her staff to lose sleep. “The market cannot wait, and people need help,” she said. “That's what keeps me up at night.”
Dolores L. Mitchell, a Connector board member, thanked Yang.
Advertisement
“A shaky voice every now and then sends a powerful message about how much you care,” Mitchell told her. “You're going to get it right. I know you are.”
Despite the many problems, officials said they had received some encouraging news: On Wednesday night, federal officials granted a three-month extension for 124,000 people with subsidized health insurance who were set to lose their coverage on March 31 because it did not comply with the federal law.
The state had requested a six-month extension, but Iselin said the three months will give the state extra time to enroll those people in plans of their choosing.
Iselin said another 32,000 people with insurance that is not subsidized and whose coverage expires March 31 are being mailed paper forms that will allow them to “sign, pay, and enroll” in plans that comply with the federal law, without having to use the faulty website.
The state has also opened a command center in Quincy where state Medicaid officials and Connector staff are working with CGI and Optum, which was hired to make fixes. Iselin said staff are there around the clock, although she could not say when the website will be operating properly.
Optum is being paid $9.8 million for the first month of services, but is expected to work through the end of the year.
“There's clearly been a failure of the actual coding of this beast,” said Jonathan Gruber, a Connector board member and MIT economist.
Board members floated the idea of hiring a “dream team” of computer programmers to help Optum, with the promise that they would be showered with praise for their work.
Connector staff said they would explore the idea, which is based on last year's “tech surge,” when the Obama administration enlisted engineers from Google and other firms to help Optum repair the troubled HealthCare.gov website.
In the meantime, the Connector is operating a call center with 270 staff members fielding questions about insurance coverage from anxious residents, up from 65 several weeks ago.
“We know we're not where we need to be,” Iselin said. “We're disappointed to be in this position. And we are determined and committed to fixing it.”
Michael Levenson can be reached at michael.levenson @
globe .com. Follow him on Twitter @mlevenson
Glenn Beck lashed out at the Anti-Defamation League over its condemnation of his outrageous smear of George Soros as a Nazi collaborator. Beck said that the criticism of his comments was part of a "Soros-started" "smear campaign" and directed his staff to find out "if there's any George Soros money that has gone to ADL."
ADL director calls Beck's smears of Soros as a collaborator "over the top" and "horrific"
Foxman calls Beck's attack "repugnant." On November 11, ADL national director Abraham Foxman released a statement condemning Beck for claiming, during his falsehood-laden three-part series on Soros, that Soros collaborated with the Nazis during the Holocaust. Foxman's statement said, in part, "Glenn Beck's description of George Soros' actions during the Holocaust is completely inappropriate, offensive and over the top. For a political commentator or entertainer to have the audacity to say -- inaccurately -- that there's a Jewish boy sending Jews to death camps, as part of a broader assault on Mr. Soros, that's horrific. While I, too, may disagree with many of Soros' views and analysis on the issues, to bring in this kind of innuendo about his past is unacceptable. To hold a young boy responsible for what was going on around him during the Holocaust as part of a larger effort to denigrate the man is repugnant."
Beck responds to criticism by attacking ADL
Beck on NY Times report about ADL criticism: "They will destroy themselves." On the November 12 edition of Premiere Radio Networks' The Glenn Beck Program, Beck responded to the criticism from the ADL, saying:
After the program last night, some of the executives came down on the floor. And they said, "The New York Times is writing a story on you tomorrow." And I said, "OK. What a surprise that is." And they said, "And so it begins." And I said, "What is the angle?" They said, "Well, The New York Times is writing a story that you are an anti-Semite because the ADL, the Anti-Defamation League, has come out and made a statement against you that you are doing this and what you're saying is anti-Semitic about George Soros." And they started planning on different things -- that how they should respond and everything else, and I said, "It's not worth it, guys. It's just not worth it. They will destroy themselves. Anybody who watches the show knows the truth." And I know the point is that a lot of people don't watch the show, and the disinformation campaign is phenomenal. There's a story this morning in the London Guardian, and the source that they use to quote that I'm anti-Semitic is Media Matters. You mean the one that got the million-dollar check from George Soros to make sure that they got me off the air?
Beck claims letter shows Foxman contradicted himself. On his November 12 radio show, Beck cited an October 22 letter from Foxman that called Beck "a friend of the Jewish people, and a friend of Israel" as evidence that Foxman had contradicted himself. Similarly, Beck wrote in his November 12 subscriber newsletter:
ADL's massive flip flop on Beck The Anti-Defamation League has launched an attack on Glenn, claiming that the special on George Soros was somehow anti-semitic. No one has been a bigger friend to the Jewish people and to Israel than Glenn. You'd think the ADL knew that - oh wait, they did! And they made that especially clear in a letter PRAISING Glenn for his support of Jewish people and of Israel. That letter of praise, from ADL's National Director Abe Foxman, was written waaaaay back on October 22nd - OF THIS YEAR! Looks like the ADL was for Glenn Beck before they were against him. Glenn explains more on the flip flop on radio today.
Beck claims ADL's condemnation is part of a "Soros-started" "smear campaign." Discussing a November 11 New York Times story on the ADL's criticism of him, Beck said on his November 12 show that Foxman came "out against me in The New York Times today, saying that I'm an anti-Semite and that anti-Semitic things were said on my show this week. And now they are starting a smear campaign -- this is all Soros-started -- starting a smear campaign against me because I'm anti-Semitic. I'm sorry, but I think I have a pretty darn clear record on being a friend to the Jews."
Beck directs staff to find out "if there's any George Soros money that has gone to ADL." Later in the show, Beck said to his staff, "You know what? Could you do me a favor? Just check on the amount of money Open Society" -- a reference to Soros' philanthropic foundations -- "has given ADL. See if there's any money exchanging hands here. See if there's any George Soros money that has gone to ADL."
Beck again repeats smears and falsehoods about Soros
Beck repeats the falsehood that Soros "confiscat[ed] the goods and lands of Jews." On his November 12 radio show, Beck again made the false accusation that Soros "confiscat[ed] the goods and the lands of Jews as a 14-year-old boy as they went to their death."
Beck on Soros: "Jews in Israel don't consider him Jewish." Beck also claimed on his radio show that he does not believe that "Jews control both the elites and the masses" or that they are "responsible" for "the speculative excesses of capitalism." Beck said the fact that Soros is Jewish is "irrelevant" and went on to state that the "Jews in Israel don't consider him Jewish. He may have been born Jewish, but that's it. That's it. That's it. It's irrelevant. He is anti-Israel. Period." Co-host Pat Gray added, "He's probably anti-Jewish."
The annexation of Crimea was a definite wakeup call telling us that Russia has turned down the European Security Order and assumed a policy of open confrontation in its relations with the EU and the US. The political environment of Finland had changed. Russia's unwillingness to respect international agreements and its provocative military posturing in the Baltic Sea area give us cause updating our evaluation of “the Åland regime”.
Is it under threat now? Is there a demand for measures to consolidate it?
This regime is based on the demilitarization and neutralization of the Åland Islands, an autonomous region of Finland. It is governed by the 1921 Convention relating to the Non-fortification and neutralization of the Åland Islands adopted by the League of Nations. In the 1940 Treaty between Finland and the USSR concerning the Åland Islands, Finland has pledged not to fortify the islands and not to put them at the disposal of the armed forces of foreign states. Russia has succeeded the USSR as a party to this treaty but is not formally tied to the 1921 Convention and its guarantees endorsing the neutrality.
In accordance with the 1921 Convention Finland has assumed the responsibility to defend the neutrality of the zone should it “be imperilled by a sudden attack either against the Åland Islands or across them against the Finnish mainland”. It was also foreseen that Finland could ask the High Contracting Parties for help in defending the status of the islands against being violated. This matter, however, was to be referred to the Council of the League of Nations which does not exist any longer.
The nature of warfare and military technology has changed substantially since 1921. Hybrid warfare integrating non-military elements eventually supported by military actions of high speed and precision in an escalating conflict characterise the threats of today. How and at what stage could and should Finland repulse “a sudden attack” by pre-emptive measures in these circumstances?
Edward Lucas (The Coming Storm – Baltic Sea Security Report, CEPA June 2015) points out the strategic importance of Gotland, Bornholm and the Åland Islands with regard to NATO's possibilities to reinforce the three Baltic republics in case of a military conflict with Russia. He also makes a strong plea for a de facto coordination and combining of the defence capabilities of the NBP9 countries (Nordic, Baltic and Poland) to create a forceful deterrent. The evolving Finnish-Swedish model for unified military cooperation could serve that purpose too.
Given the solidarity clause and the framework for Permanent Structured Cooperation enshrined in the Treaty on the European Union (TEU Art. 42.6-7), I have the following suggestion: it might be investigated whether these provisions could offer a solution in making it possible to substitute the disbanded Council of the League of Nations in case Finland decides to call for active defence of the neutrality of the Åland Islands by the parties to the 1921 Convention.These are all EU members.
There is no minimum number of Member States required to set up Permanent Structured Cooperation as opposed to Enhanced Cooperation (Art. 20). The decision shall be taken by the European Council and is one of the few areas in the Common Security and Defence Policy where decisions are not made unanimously but by qualified majority voting.
Combining the armed forces of EU member states as well as other measures reinforcing the guarantees for the neutrality of the Åland Islands would require political will and determination. A prerequisite for such an understanding would be a common perception of the crisis and the threat among the EU member states in the Baltic Sea area.
In his opening speech at the National Defence Course 10.11.2014 the President of Finland Sauli Niinistö referred to a Russian proverb saying: “kazak beryot chto plokho lezhit” ‘A kosack will grab whatever is not firmly fixed to the ground'. He also said that every one of us in Finland is responsible for our common security and urged us “to take care of issues and actively cherish the things we view as important”.
Two weeks later the legislative assembly of the Åland Islands debated a policy paper on their demilitarization and neutralization. The perceptions of the crisis expressed in that debate diverged dramatically from the one represented by the President. The least to be expected from the inhabitants of Åland, if they want to promote their case, is to show an open mind to enhanced cooperation with the civil authorities in mainland Finland.
There is an obvious demand for an assessment of the Åland regime in the next Report on Foreign and Security Policy to be passed by the Parliament of Finland. There is also a demand for serious dialogue and confidence building between the national Finnish authorities and the regional ones in Åland. A common perception within Finland of the challenges is a conditio sine qua non for receiving any positive contributions from the neighbours in the Baltic Sea area. And yet, it might be more appealing for the signatory and adherent parties of the 1921 Convention to invest in the Åland regime, if Finland and Sweden were their allies in NATO – but that is another matter.
1 A legal regime which prohibits military operations in a defined geographical area in armed conflicts.
2 In addition to Finland, Denmark, Estonia, France, Germany, Great Britain, Italy, Latvia, Poland and Sweden are adherent/ signatory parties – Russia is not.
Article originally published in BRE
We've heard a lot of feedback and it's clear to us that the cyclical Assaults schedule, and the design of the “do all 4” achievement for Pathfinder, weren't compatible.
World Quests come and go all the time during the day too, while people are at work or asleep, and it's not a big deal because they're largely interchangeable. But that would change if we had an achievement required for Pathfinder that asked you to do a specific checklist of world quests. A lot of the stress and concern about “missing” individual Assaults is tied to this achievement, so we're removing the achievement from Pathfinder via hotfix.
Once this hotfix is active, you will only need to reach Revered with the Armies of Legionfall and fully explore the Broken Shore to earn Legion flying.
The Oklahoma City Thunder basketball team were caught up in a bizarre mid-air incident when their charter plane was struck by an as yet unidentified object on its way to Chicago, damaging the nose cone.
The collision occurred Saturday morning during the team's flight to Chicago-Midway ahead of their game against the Chicago Bulls. Pictured after landing, the Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-200's nose was seen to be badly dented and scratched.
After disembarking, NBA stars Carmelo Anthony and Josh Huestis posted pictures of the damage to social media.
What possibly could we have hit in the SKY at this time of night? Everyone is Safe, Though. “All Praise Due” #ThunderStrong A post shared by Carmelo Anthony (@carmeloanthony) on Oct 27, 2017 at 11:12pm PDT
I guess we hit something? 30,000 feet up... pic.twitter.com/Rem9GmwRKq — Josh Huestis (@jhuestis) October 28, 2017
Baffled center Steven Adams even took to Twitter to ask NASA, television personality and engineer Bill Nye, and renowned astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson: “What caused this?”
Hey @NASA@neiltyson@BillNye
We had a rough flight to say the least.
30000 feet in the air.
Flying to chicago.
What caused this? pic.twitter.com/uEVrEm7noi — Steven Adams (@RealStevenAdams) October 28, 2017
In a statement to the Oklahoman, Delta Air Lines moved to quash speculation by saying the plane likely came in contact with “a bird.”
“Delta flight #DL8935, operating from Minneapolis to Chicago-Midway as a charter flight for the Oklahoma City Thunder, likely encountered a bird while on descent into Chicago,” the statement read.
“The aircraft, a Boeing 757-200, landed safely without incident; customers have since deplaned and maintenance teams are evaluating. Safety is Delta's top priority.”
Statement from a Delta spokesperson on the Thunder's plane damage: pic.twitter.com/5fTBajA5Xi — Erik Horne (@ErikHorneOK) October 28, 2017
The drama in the early hours Saturday ended with the players being taken safely to their hotel.
Structural failure follows similar tragedy in 2014 in a country where construction standards are compromised by corruption
The roof of a church collapsed on to worshippers in southern Nigeria, killing at least 160 people with the toll likely to rise, according to a hospital director.
Mortuaries in the city of Uyo are overflowing after the incident, Etete Peters, medical director of the University of Uyo teaching hospital, told the Associated Press.
The Reigners Bible Church International was still under construction and workers had been rushing to finish it in time for Saturday's ceremony to ordain its founder, Akan Weeks, as a bishop, congregants said.
Hundreds of people, including the Akwa Ibom state governor, Udom Emmanuel, were inside the building when metal girders fell on to worshippers and the corrugated iron roof caved in. Emmanuel and Weeks escaped unhurt.
“There were trapped bodies, parts of bodies, blood all over the place and people's handbags and shoes scattered,” witness Ukeme Eyibio said.
Eyibio, a computer programme analyst, said he parked his car outside the complex to make a phone call when he heard an explosion he thought was a bomb only to see that the church had disappeared.
Eyibio and three others managed to drag 10 wounded people from an overflow area for of worshippers just outside the collapsed church but they did not enter the main structure because a construction worker among them warned of the danger of a further collapse. The worker called his manager at Julius Berger construction company, who sent a crane to help lift debris off bodies.
While they waited for the crane, Eyibio tried to help a man whose legs were trapped under a steel girder. “I rushed to my car, got out the tyre jack and used that to get the beam off his legs,” he said. “We managed to get him out but we saw others dying all around us,” Eyibio, 27, said. “I'm so traumatised I could not sleep last night for the horrors repeating themselves in my mind.”
Many uncounted victims were in private mortuaries scattered across Uyo, youth leader Edikan Peters said. He said some people were taking the bodies of relatives to their homes because mortuaries were overcrowded and some did not have refrigeration.
A crane was being used to lift debris believed to be hiding the bodies of more victims, said Edikan Peters. He said he counted 90 bodies before he was told to stop his tally on Saturday night.
Journalists at the scene said church officials were trying to prevent them from documenting the incident, trying to seize cameras and forcing some to leave the area.
Construction company blamed after Lagos building collapse kills 34 Read more
The governor's spokesman, Ekerete Udoh, said the state government would hold an inquiry to investigate if anyone compromised building standards. Buildings collapse often in Nigeria because of endemic corruption, with contractors using sub-standard materials and bribing inspectors to ignore poor quality work or a lack of building permits.
In 2014, 116 people died when a multi-story guesthouse of the Synagogue Church of All Nations collapsed in Lagos, Nigeria's largest city. Most victims were visiting South African followers of the church's influential founder, TB Joshua.
Two structural engineers, Joshua and church trustees have been accused of criminal negligence and involuntary manslaughter after a coroner found the building collapsed from structural failures caused by design and detailing errors.
Equipment is accurate as of the BMW Championship (9/20/15).
Driver: TaylorMade M1 460 (10.5 degrees, adjusted to 9 degrees)
Shaft: Mitsubishi Rayon KuroKage S TiNi 70X (tipped 1 inch)
Fairway Wood: TaylorMade AeroBurner 3HL (16.5 degrees)
Shaft: Mitsubishi Rayon KuroKage S TiNi 80X
Specs: Actual loft is 14.5 degrees
Irons: TaylorMade RSi 2 (2 iron), TaylorMade RSi TP (4-PW)
Shafts: True Temper Dynamic Gold X7
RSi TP Specs: Irons are bent between 2.5 and 3 degrees strong
Wedges: TaylorMade Tour Preferred EF (47, 52 ATV and 58 ATV)
Shafts: True Temper Dynamic Gold Tour Issue S400
Putter: TaylorMade Ghost Spider IB Black Prototype
Ball: TaylorMade Tour Preferred X
WITB Notes: Day sometimes plays a TaylorMade UDI 1 iron (16 degrees). He also frequently changes wedges, sometimes swapping his 52- and 58-degree wedges for 54- and 60-degree models. With those wedges, he's switched between the Tour Preferred EF ATV and Tour Grinds this year.
Related
The cause of Lou Reed's death was liver disease, the New York Times reported.
Dr. Charles Miller of the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio - where Reed had liver transplant surgery this past April - said the former Velvet Underground singer was back at the Clinic last week for treatment.
Miller had performed Reed's surgery earlier in the year and said the singer decided to return home after his end-stage liver disease could no longer be treated. "We all agreed that we did everything we could," Miller told the Times.
Read: Lou Reed Dies at 71
Reed died yesterday at his home on Long Island at the age of 71. He was scheduled to perform at the Coachella music festival in April, but had recently cancelled citing "unavoidable complications."
Reed was able to keep his April surgery a secret at the time, but shortly after, his wife Laurie Anderson revealed how serious his condition was to the London Times.
"I don't think he'll ever totally recover from this, but he'll certainly be back to doing [things] in a few months," Anderson told the Times. She also noted that Reed, who's an avid martial arts enthusiast, was 'already working and doing t'ai chi' within a month of the surgery."
In June, Reed posted a message on his Facebook page about his recovery and his hope to return to the stage.
"I am a triumph of modern medicine, physics and chemistry. I am bigger and stronger than ever," wrote Reed. "I look forward to being on stage performing, and writing more songs to connect with your hearts and spirits and the universe well into the future."
It is an ironic fact that much of the equipment used by the Russian troops in Crimea, and those maneuvering on Ukraine's border, is produced by Kyiv's military industry.The equipment includes the motors that keep all of Russia's combat helicopters flying and many of the engines that power Russian naval ships. It also includes about half of the air-to-air missiles carried by Russian fighter planes.But the sight of Ukrainian-produced hardware now pointed belligerently at Kyiv is not simply incongruous. It also underlines how much Russia's military risks shooting itself in the foot if rising tensions cause the two countries to break ties. Conversely, it could also lead Russia to seek to control Ukraine regardless of the costs.In a, RFE/RL Russian Service's military correspondent Vladimir Voronov argues that severing ties with Ukraine would have a far more dramatic impact on Russia's defense program than any Western sanctions restricting sales of Western military hardware.Voronov notes that the two countries' military industrial complexes are so integrated that any end to cooperation with Ukraine would seriously jeopardize the Russian army's ambitious modernization program.The integration of the Russian and Ukrainian military industries dates to the Soviet Union, when Moscow planners deliberately located key manufacturing plants in various Soviet republics to strengthen national unity. Since the collapse of the U.S.S.R., Moscow has sought to create its own entirely domestic military industry in a declared policy of self-reliance.But Russia's self-reliance program remains far from complete.Moscow envisions spending at least 20 trillion rubles ($563 billion) from 2011 to 2020 on upgrading its military, including updating its strategic nuclear forces, expanding its navy, and modernizing its air and ground forces.Yet the design bureaus and enterprises meant to do the work are so overwhelmed that Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said as recently as December that they were "overworked" and "do not have time to do what the Defense Ministry orders."Igor Sutyagin, a research fellow for Russian studies at Royal United Services Institute in London, cites engines for new combat and transport helicopters as one example."Russia needs approximately 3,000 of them and has managed to build just one fully Russian equivalent," he says. "It is currently planning to produce approximately 50 a year, while it is going to need approximately 3,000 engines for its helicopters in a matter of two or three years."The Ukrainian facilities which are most important for Russia's military are Motor Sich in Zaporizhzhya, which produces helicopter engines, Yuzhmash in Dnipropetrovsk, which manufactures rockets and missiles, and the Russian company Antonov's plant in Kyiv, which makes planes.Some of the most important ties between the two countries' military industries concern Russia's strategic nuclear forces.Most of Russia warheads are delivered by rockets which were entirely produced or designed by factories in Soviet-era Ukraine or contain key components from them.In his article for RFE/RL's Russian Service,that more than half of the components of ground-based intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) can be traced back to Ukraine and that these rockets carry over 80 percent of Russia's warheads.The essential components include targeting and control systems, most importantly for Russia's keystone ICBM, the RS-20B Voyevoda, known by NATO as the SS-18 Satan. The guidance system was produced in Kharkiv at a factory known as "Elektropribor" in the Soviet era and as "Khatron" today.Ukrainian specialists continue to carry out regular inspections of Russia's strategic missiles in order to certify them for service.Voronov writes that the technical certification is particularly important as even the newest Satan missiles are almost 25 years old and nearing the end of their service lifetime. Moscow needs to keep them operable until 2018 - 2020, when a new Russian-built ICBM, the Sarmat, is due to take their place.Military experts say that Russia itself could carry out the inspections work on the missiles but that losing the cooperation of Ukrainian factories would be a setback.The former chief of staff of the Strategic Missile Forces, Viktor Esin, recently acknowledged that "there would be difficulties, because the documentation is in Ukraine, but the problem is solvable."Such public discussion of the risks the Russian military runs is rare. But it is a sign that at least some in Moscow are weighing what further costs interference in Ukraine could bring Russia beyond Western sanctions.So far, Moscow seems to be betting that even if relations with Kyiv sour further, cooperation between their military industries will be one of the last relationships to be abandoned.According to Sutyagin, the reason is not just the strategic importance of the relationship to Russia but also its commercial importance to Ukraine."The Ukrainian military industry heavily depends on Russia because Russia represents 30 percent of Ukrainian exports and these are the most valuable exports because these are the most expensive," he says. "It would be extremely difficult for Motor Sich which produces the helicopter and jet engines to find a European market because [the market] is already dense and these engines do not perfectly fit the European and world standards, quality standards, noise standards, pollution standards."Still, the very tightness of the military industrial partnership between Russia and Ukraine makes it an unpredictable factor in the current crisis.The desire of both sides to maintain their military trade could help put a brake on escalating tensions. Conversely, the danger of losing it could add fuel to Moscow's desire to have a loyal government in Kyiv, no matter the price.
I answer my phone.
"Hello?"
The voice on the other end stammers, surprised that I picked up. "Um... Oh. Hello," comes the reply. It's a guy. It's always a guy, and that guy is always a little scared.
"Um... is this... are... Brock Wilbur?" he continues.
"Why indeed, it is!" I slip into an upbeat game-show host character. "Well, you've got me! What do you feel like discussing today, so long as we're both here?"
"I just... I... uh... wanted to talk to you about-" and then the click as he hangs up.
“Aww! C'mon! I had such hope for us!” I continue for my own amusement.
This is my third anonymous phone call of the morning, and by far the most pleasant on account of the lack of screaming and/or profanity. That's why I decide to call his Illinois number back immediately, to see what I can help with, despite our mysterious and sudden disconnection. He doesn't answer, much to my disappointment. I feel like our conversation could have saved video games journalism.
It's been a weird couple of weeks.
I GOT DOXXED HOLY SHIT WHY — Brock Wilbur (@brockwilbur) October 26, 2014
On October 25th, while dancing at a wedding, my phone lit up with texts and calls from friends, letting me know I'd been doxxed by Gamergate. A Twitter user had posted my home address and telephone number, alongside the home information of video game journalists and even some of their family members and parents. The tweets were all hashtagged with #Gamergate and interspersed their messages with violent threats not only against those listed but against women like Zoe Quinn and Anita Sarkeesian.
Since that initial posting, I've received death threats in the mail and over the phone, had my credit card and several online accounts compromised, and, of course, the phone calls. My private information has been reposted by anonymous accounts every three or four days, because all of my personal information is easily accessible in a Pastebin document that remains active despite being a blatant breach of their terms of service. This document is so thorough it even includes my Google+ information, which is the first reminder I've had in 2014 that I have a Google+ account. The fourth Twitter account to repost my information deliberately posted images of gore-porn between doxxings, so anyone visiting the page would have to endure some unspeakably vile graphics just to report the account. When the fifth Twitter account posted my information, it just felt like the interwebs were trying to be helpful and remind me where I should return to at the end of the night. "Thanks Hateful Siri!"
Olive Branch: if you got my address/phone from my doxxing tonight, come over and lets record a Let's Play of Depression Quest together! — Brock Wilbur (@brockwilbur) October 26, 2014
Then, on Halloween night, there was a false police report made against me; a “prank” called Swatting that would have sent armed officers to break down my door. Luckily, I'd made contact with my local dispatch earlier in the week off the advice of another friend who had been doxxed in recent weeks, and was able to file a preemptive roadblock that would involve them giving me a call before directing units to my home. The same dispatch guy who, a week before, claimed that this was “the stupidest thing I've ever heard of,” was now calling me back to say, “Well, you won't believe it.” To know anything about me is to know that this is my first and only positive interaction with the police force of any city, which lends some perspective on just how bizzaro my life has become.
After I posted a summary of these events on my Facebook wall to let my family and friends know that there'd be a fair chance that in the weeks to come my social networks might be hijacked, a screenshot of this status became its own Reddit thread within r/KotakuInAction, the moderate message board for Gaters. They asked if anyone could prove Gamergate had involvement with my doxxing, declared me a liar who doxxed myself to promote my latest comedy album, and generally expressed that they had no idea who I was. Why would Gamergate doxx Brock Wilbur?
And that's exactly the point. I've never been paid to write video game journalism in my life. They have no idea who I am because I have nothing to do with video games, beyond being a fan.
So who the fuck keeps calling me?
I'm a stand-up comedian who lives in Los Angeles. In the midst of all this, I released my third album “Nightmare Fuel” and had intended to spend the rest of the fall finishing a novel and heading back out on tour. So how was I even a blip on the Gamergate screen?
I've written professionally about TV and movies and produce two weekly podcasts, but I've spoken openly about Gamergate on none of these platforms. In 2013, I wrote and starred in an indie film called “Your Friends Close” which was about my love for video games and the people who make them, but unless there's been a lot of Gaters on the indie festival circuit, I can't imagine they've seen the finished film. No, I was chosen for doxxing because I had contributed to my friend Brian Shea's game hobbyist website, for which I was never paid, and conducted short interviews with actors and charity groups, back in 2013. Brian and the rest of his volunteer staff are listed alongside me in the Pastebin document, although my name and information is in the order just after Kirk Hamilton's. As Kirk currently holds the position of editor at Kotaku, it makes my non-involved, non-paid career seem a bit more threatening. (I should add I also once reviewed the game "Farming Simulator 2013" because I grew up a farm kid and thought the entire endeavor was a hilarious disaster, but in retrospect I should have revealed my ties to Big Agriculture before penning such a hit piece.)
Now, I have absolutely nothing to say on the subject or motivations of the Gamergate movement, because I'm sure their actions speak clearly enough. I also find it disingenuous when outsiders speak to what is going on within a culture, and I truly consider myself an outsider, especially now. What makes my situation worthy of your attention is the fact this situation occurred at all, and manages to consistently get worse, even though no one claims to understand how or why.
Luckily, I'm afforded a level of detachment here because I have no "victim card" to play, no politics to push, and no real fear to express. I'm oddly “privileged” in this situation, as years of stand-up comedy have prepared me to deal with anonymous rage and drunken vitriol, often face to face, and sometimes fist to fist. I've also had the pleasure of dealing with my own personal stalker whose work in destabilizing my sense of safety was so professional that these non-specific “Kill Yourself” messages I'm receiving now seem laughable by comparison. Unlike friends of mine who have fled their homes or abandoned their careers due to this wave of harassment, I've been inoculated enough to step back and examine the situation for what it means.
What is obvious to me, based on the situation I find myself in and the feedback I've received from all corners of the Internet, is that the angriest voices of a movement have built something they no longer control. There is a system — a mechanization — for hatred that now exists, and has become self-sustaining. The calls I get are from different voices in different area codes, the letters come in different handwritings, the emails have different IPs, and perhaps the meaning behind the messages are varied in their politics. But it is not slowing down, which is insane, because admittedly none of these people even know who I am. They are part of a machine, speaking in a coded language they hope corresponds to an ideology, but not one of them would do it if they couldn't do it anonymously, and I'd imagine most of them wouldn't bother if they Googled who I was before mailing a letter to my home.
It is the pinnacle of irrationality to wake up each day hated by so many, and to be shown through their hate that they know literally nothing about you.
You'd be surprised what it does to you. When this happened to people I knew, it left me sick with worry. When it happened to me… well, I don't think anyone has pitied a mob before? If a human being has become so lost that this is how they choose to interact with the world, I feel bad because, honestly, how grotesquely have we failed each other?
There is another call and I won't answer this one, because it's too late to invite the Internet into my home tonight, although the Nevada area code is a first. There's an ad running for a game on TV, and I bristle because my excitement to hop online and play will be dead by the time it gets released.
I had to tell my mom and dad what Gamergate was once this all started, especially after my friend's parents were also doxxed. My mother asked, “Did you get in trouble standing up for women again?”
“Oddly, no. I don't think so,” I said. “I'd feel nobler about the whole thing if this had anything to do with my actions. I just slipped behind the curtain by accident. I don't think they meant to me to see this side of things.”
“Oh,” she sighed. “Why don't they just take away all the 'Halo's until boys learn how to play nice?”
I laughed until I thought I would die. I could see #TakeAwayTheHalos and how overwhelmingly successful that campaign would be, even as I watch the "Halo" ad on TV and think about how excited I was for it just a few weeks back. There's a ding from my phone as Nevada left me a voicemail, and I writhe a bit as that same excitement is sucked from me. I made a movie about how important video games are as an art form, and it hadn't occurred until this fall that maybe some people don't want them to be art. Maybe some people don't want that at all.
I (have to) believe that there are a lot of people online tonight engaging in heated discussions with the best of intentions and dedicating themselves to improving a culture that has meant so much to me for so very long. I (have to) believe these are human beings who would want to be treated with decency, respect, and the kind of understanding that allows us to evolve into something better.
So who the fuck keeps calling me?​
Brock Wilbur is a stand-up comedian from Salina, Kansas who now lives in Los Angeles. He writes for Pajiba and hosts the Brock Party podcast available on iTunes.
NEW YORK: Social networking giant Facebook is rebranding its Internet.org programme, which was in the midst of a controversy over alleged violation of net neutrality , to 'Free Basics'.Armed with more services and stronger security measures, the rebranding will help Facebook distinguish the free basic internet offering from the large number of activities the US-based company is pursuing to help get new users online across the globe.The announcement comes days before Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to visit Facebook's campus in California on September 27."We're making this change to better distinguish the Internet.org initiative from the programmes and services that Facebook provides, including Free Basics. Anyone currently uses the app will be able to continue using the Android app, though it will now be called 'Free Basics by Facebook' in Google Play. And the mobile web version, which will redirect from the previous URL, can be accessed at Freebasics.com," Internet.org vice-president Chris Daniels said.He added that more than one billion people have access to Internet.org's free basic services across Asia, Africa and Latin America.Among the new services on the platform in India are English Dost, MeraDoctor, M-Kisan, My Rights and SkyMet.With Free Basics, Internet.org is also "making it safer" for people to connect to the websites and services by encrypting information wherever possible."Several months ago, we announced support for services using HTTPS in the Free Basics Android app, and today, we're adding support for HTTPS services on the web version as well. This will ensure security of data for the end user. We are also ensuring our privacy policy is listed clearly so that people know how and where we are using their data," he said.Launched last year, the programme has more than a dozen mobile operators on board across 17 countries offering basic internet services without data charges to over a billion people. The programme aims to provide people with access to free basic services through Internet.org to help them discover the value of the internet."Internet.org is working well. The programme has made an impact on people's lives by providing free health, education, and economic information. For example, SmartBusiness, a website that helps people learn to launch and run a business, now sees 5x more daily searches within their service since the launch in South Africa in July. This means that more people are getting access to important economic information," he said.India has over 8 lakh users of the Internet.org initiative that has been in the thick of the net neutrality debate. As part of the global initiative, Facebook had partnered with telecom major Reliance Communications to offer free access to over 30 websites without data charges to users in India.Facebook faced criticism for launching the platform as it is seen violating the principle of net neutrality, which is against any priority being accorded to an entity in the internet traffic flow because of payments to service providers such as telecom companies.Following a walkout by many of its publisher partners in India, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg had come out in defence of the programme, saying it did not block or throttle services and is not in conflict with net neutrality.Daniels said the company has been in discussions with stakeholders to present its view on the issue."We have been in discussions with various stakeholders. We maintain that Internet.org is a medium to take internet to the masses to help them understand the benefits of the worldwide web," he said.Daniels further said: "There is no exclusivity with Reliance Communications in India. We are in discussions with more telecom operators in the country to join the platform. But the unfounded criticism has slowed the conversation. Hopefully, we will soon have more partners on board."He reiterated that the company does not pay telecom operators for the data, but the service providers do see benefit as "people move on to paid services soon."In May, Facebook had also announced an open programme for developers to create services that integrate with Internet.org."Over the past few months, developers have adapted their services specifically for the Internet.org platform requirements, and today, more than 80 free basic services are available in India," Facebook's director of product partnerships Ime Archibong said."We saw a huge amount of enthusiasm from developers in India who have helped expand the range of resources that can be made available to people, giving them more choice and control over the services they can use through the app and website," he added.
If you consider yourself to be health-conscious, you'll definitely want to pay attention to the distressing research that came out of the National Trauma Institute earlier this week: A recent study has proven that you lower your life expectancy by five years every time you doze off and crash your car through the front window of a Taco Bell.
No doubt, your older self will thank you if you stop ramming into Taco Bells after falling asleep at the wheel today.
Advertisement
The NTI's alarming study suggests that every time you nod off on the road and let your unguided steering wheel careen your car off the street, plow over a sidewalk, right on through a street sign, bushes, and ultimately the front windows of a Taco Bell until the front half of your car is entirely inside the restaurant, it could have a severely negative impact on your long-term health. As if that weren't worrisome enough, scientists are also saying that rocketing through your windshield and landing as a crumpled heap on top of a Taco Bell cash register could shave up to an entire decade off your life, especially for people who start catapulting out of their cars and through Taco Bell windows at a younger age.
“Anyone who is habitually drifting off to sleep while driving only to wake up to the sounds of Taco Bell employees and patrons screaming as they try to pull you out of the wreckage is putting themselves at risk for major health complications and decreased life expectancy just a few decades down the line,” said Dr. Akshay Patel, the scientist who led the study. “Our research shows that people who only occasionally demolish the front facade of a Taco Bell with their car as they lie sound asleep in the driver's seat have an average life expectancy of around 75 years, while those who do it multiple times a day have a life expectancy of only 60.”
Wow. This is sure to make waves in the professional health community. As it becomes common knowledge that slumbering as your car barrels toward a Taco Bell can amount to such serious health issues over time, you can bet we'll see more and more people making the conscious decision to avoid smashing their vehicle through the wall and into the dining room. If losing five years of your life is the cost of repeatedly flying through the windshield of your car and into a Taco Bell, it's just not worth it. Plain and simple.
An eyewitness who watched a man and young children nearly get washed away by waves at Mullion harbour has said it 'beggars belief' that they would put themselves in such danger.
Despite widespread warnings to stay away from the sea during the recent wild weather, Phil Rodda spotted this man lift a child up to look over the harbour wall at Mullion Cove yesterday.
Phil said on Facebook: "It beggars belief. It was very windy & the sea was extremely rough. These photos show a bloke allowing a child to look over the harbour wall at the rough sea.
"Next minute the sea broke over them and knocked them to the ground. Fortunately, they weren't washed into the sea but were very lucky.
"Then mother, I assume, marched off with child in her arms with a soaking wet bloke following on behind. Unbelievable."
Funding to oppose California marijuana legalization this year has grown from a paltry $13,000 to over $60,000 thanks to a major group — the state's prison guards.
Journalist Lee Fang, writing for The Intercept, reports on new campaign donation disclosures showing the state's prison guards and police chiefs chipping in to keep pot illegal.
The funds came from groups representing law enforcement, including the California Police Chiefs Association, the Riverside Sheriffs' Association, the Los Angeles Police Protective League's Issues PAC, and the California Correctional Supervisor's Organization. Other donors include the California Teamsters union and the California Hospital Association, as well as Sam Action, an anti-marijuana advocacy group co-founded by former Rep. Patrick Kennedy, D-R.I., and former George W. Bush speechwriter David Frum.
The funds were organized by John Lovell, “a longtime Sacramento lobbyist for police chiefs and prison guard supervisors. Lovell's Coalition for Responsible Drug Policies, a committee he created to defeat the pot initiative, raised $60,000 during the first three months of the year, according to a disclosure filed earlier this month.
Fang notes that these groups and others like them stand to lose billions of dollars in funding obtained through ‘collars-for-dollars' programs, federal anti-drug grants, and lost opportunities to seize cash and cars through asset forfeitures.
In 2014, U.S. police seized more citizens' property without a conviction, than all the country's burglars stole.
Marijuana is the number one drug arrest in America, and drug arrests are the number one type of arrest in the country. About 700,000 Americans will be arrested for pot each year, including about 20,000 Californians, down from recent highs of about 60,000. Marijuana arrests disproportionately impact young people of color, the ACLU reports. Around sixty percent of Americans support ending cannabis' prohibition.
A prison guards union spokesperson told Fang that prison supervisors oppose “a society that encourages pot use” and “are concerned about their children.”
“If marijuana is not a dangerous drug, the federal government would have made a change, but the fact remains that it's a federal crime,” CCSO lobbyist Paul Curry told Fang.
Police and other groups that profit from cannabis prohibition have a long history of funding opposition to marijuana law reform, Fang has reported.
Registered California voters will likely vote on the Adult Use of Marijuana Act this Nov. 8. The measure has the support of retired peace officers, as well as Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, the California Medical Association, Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, and many others.
"The most important ingredient in the success of any organization, large or small, state, government, business, school, whatever, always is leadership," Sen. Tom Carper said. | Getty Carper: Trump 'makes it a lot harder for himself' with tweets
President Donald Trump's tweeting "makes it a lot harder" to get things done and to fill open jobs in his administration, Sen. Tom Carper said Sunday.
"He makes it a lot harder for himself," Carper, a Delaware Democrat, said in an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press." "The most important ingredient in the success of any organization, large or small, state, government, business, school, whatever, always is leadership."
Story Continued Below
Trump drew widespread condemnation for his tweets last week attacking "Morning Joe" co-hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski, including from some Republican lawmakers and conservative pundits. But Trump on Saturday defended his social media use as "modern day presidential."
Carper added: "Leaders don't build themselves up by pushing other people down" and that Trump can't attract people to fill the vacant ranks of his administration.
"I mean, everything I was trained as a leader, this man is none of those things. He's none of those things. And I look at it and I just shake my head," he said. "It's got to be harder for him to recruit people to come and work for him. They're having a terrible time filling positions."
Carper said Sen. John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) told him, "'We're just not getting names.' And that's out of 600 confirmable positions, I think we've gotten 100 names. And it's just because people, in part, don't want to work for this fellow."
Playbook PM Sign up for our must-read newsletter on what's driving the afternoon in Washington. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
A new poll is out showing 77% of Americans blame media for making economic crisis worse.
Seventy-seven percent of Americans believe that the U.S. media is making the economic situation worse by projecting fear into people's minds.
The majority of those surveyed feel that the financial press, by focusing on and embellishing negative news, is damaging consumer confidence and damping investment, making a difficult situation much worse. The poll was conducted via telephone, December 4 - 7.
Household Incomes:
$25k - $35k -- 79% answered YES
$35k - $50k -- 88% answered YES
$50k - $75k -- 76% answered YES
$75k - more -- 78% answered YES
Demographics:
85% of young adults (18-24 yrs old) answered YES
77% of males and females alike answered YES
65% of blacks answered YES
Richard Scheff, a national expert on corporate liability and white collar crime issues, warns media that they could potentially be exposed to liability despite apparent constitutional protections:
"Although statements by the media are protected by the First Amendment, the survey results demonstrate that the public believes that the press bears some responsibility for the lack of confidence in the economy. One would hope that the media would act less out of self-interest in these times of national crisis," said Mr. Scheff, vice chairman and partner with Philadelphia-based law firm Montgomery McCracken Walker & Rhoads.
There's Emotional Contagion Going On
In a typical week, Berkeley psychotherapist Don McKillop sees clients with a range of emotional issues. But these days, all of his patients have one thing in common: financial stress.
"In the last week," McKillop said, "every one of my clients mentioned anxiety over the economy."
McKillop is not alone. In an economic climate that grows more precarious every day, Bay Area residents are experiencing an epidemic of anger, anxiety and emotional stress, according to local psychotherapists and academics. "There's emotional contagion going on," says Corte Madera psychotherapist Ruth Kalb. "Panic begets panic."
In October, an American Psychological Association survey showed that 83 percent of American women and 78 percent of American men were experiencing heightened stress about money.
Women, the study said, are today more concerned with money issues than personal health. Women over 63 are especially distressed: Worries about the economy rose from 74 percent in April to 92 percent in September.
Inevitably, financial anxieties spill into family relations. "People are struggling with how to talk about this with their kids," Kalb said. "Adult children are needing to move back home, upsetting everyone's rhythm."
Economic anxieties are passed on to children, said Berkeley psychotherapist Susan Regan. "I was with this family in a family session and one of the kids turned to the parent and said, 'Mom, how's your job going? Are you OK?' "
Economic Masochism
Hymie Anisman, a neuroscientist at Carleton University in Ottawa, has diagnosed a new and highly contagious ailment for the recession era: economic masochism.
It was a pal who first exhibited the symptoms many people are experiencing these days -- although this man's case is extreme.
"I have a friend who sits all day going through various journals online and various blogs as if he wants to find more bad news. He's read it all 20 times, he's knowing what's there. It's almost like he's addicted by it. But every once in a while he'll get some little glimmer that will reinforce some little glimmer of hope," Dr. Anisman, who studies the effects of stress, said in a recent interview.
Consumer Confidence At Record Low
Confidence among U.S. consumers unexpectedly dropped in December to a record on growing anxiety over the lack of jobs, raising the risk that spending will keep weakening into the new year.
The Conference Board's index of consumer confidence fell to 38, the lowest level since records began in 1967, from 44.7 in November, the New York-based private research group said today. Another report showed declines in property values accelerated.
Rising unemployment, mounting foreclosures and declining household wealth have dimmed the outlook for consumer spending, which accounts for 70 percent of the economy. This year's holiday season, the most important for retailers, was probably the worst in at least four decades.
“The deterioration going on right now in the labor market made people feel much worse,” said Nigel Gault, chief U.S. economist at IHS Global Insight in Lexington, Massachusetts. “If people are worried about their jobs, they are not going to spend. That is extremely negative.”
The 60 percent plunge in gasoline prices from July's record had prompted economists to project confidence would climb, mimicking the improvement in other measures. The median estimate in a Bloomberg News survey of 52 analysts called for the Conference Board's gauge to rise to 45.5 from previously reported 44.9 for November.
California authorities think they have a 37-year-old cold case solved after arresting a registered sex offender for killing and raping a teen girl in 1980.
MSN reports that Antioch police arrested Mitchell Lynn Bacom, 63, of Antioch, on Monday afternoon and charged him with the rape and murder of kidnapping 14-year-old Suzanne Bombardier, who was babysitting when the suspect allegedly sexually assaulted her and stabbed her in the heart on June 22, 1980. Several days later, a fisherman located the teen's body in the San Joaquin River.
63 year old Mitchell Lynn Bacom arrested in Antioch tonight for 1980 murder of 14 yr old Suzanne Bombardier. @nbcbayarea pic.twitter.com/DCZkASV3PV — Jean Elle (@nbcjeanelle) December 12, 2017
Although the case garnered nationwide attention, lack of evidence resulted in the case eventually growing cold. Detectives Gregory Glod and Ron Rackley worked the case for decades before they retired, but in 2014, they were connected again to the victim's family and one the victim's closest friends.
Author Jennifer Kathleen Gibbons arranged the meeting after she stumbled across Suzanne's grave in Lafayette, in the Queen of Heaven Cemetery, when a strange man at the cemetery walked up to her and asked if she had a pen. The encounter made her “obsessed” with case and finding justice for Suzanne.
“Do you have a pen?” he asked.
I was a little startled. First because he disrupted my quiet, second because the request was so odd. “No, sorry,” I said. “Would the office have a pen?” “I think so,” I said.
Why you would need a pen here? I wanted to ask. Instead, he headed toward the office, and being nosy, I wandered to look at the grave he was visiting.”
Along with family and friends, the retired detectives convinced Antioch detectives to take another look at the cold case, especially considering the latest technological advances in DNA testing.
In 2015, authorities sent Suzanne's body to the Mateo County Sheriff's Office Forensic Laboratory, where a DNA profile was created. Meanwhile, investigators utilized the FBI's Combined DNA Index System, which eventually linked back to Bacom.
“We literally saw within the past 12 months the technology improve to the point where we were able to get a match,” Contra Costa DA inspector Paul Holes said said. “The crime labs are using new chemistry in the DNA process.”
“Justice may not have come swiftly as we may have hoped or liked,” Contra Costa District Attorney Diane Becton said, the East Bay Times reported. “But we will continue to work diligently on these cases and hopefully justice will come.”
63 yr old Mitchell Bacom has criminal history of burglary, robbery, rape. Now he's under arrest for the 1980 murder of 14 yr old old Suzanne Bombardier. #DNA #ColdCase #Antioch pic.twitter.com/VJjXwH6sm4 — Lilian Kim (@liliankim7) December 12, 2017
Police arrested Bacom at his home off of West Madill Street in Antioch. Authorities said that the suspect has a long criminal history, including convictions for rape, robbery, burglary, and assault with intent to murder
In 1996, Suzanne's father, Ted Bombardier, told the Constra Coast Times that the suspect attacked his daughter inside her sister's Hudson Court apartment, yet there was no forced entry.
“Obviously, there was no forced entry. She must have known who it was.”
Police confirmed that the suspect was an acquaintance of the victim, but wouldn't specify their relationship or how they knew each other.
Authorities said they're investigating Bacum for other homicide cases. Anyone with information about the suspect should call Capt. Leonard Orman at 925-779-6918.
[Feature Photo: Suzanne Bombardier and Mitchell Bacom/Police Handout]
John Madden is a name that all NFL fans know from all generations, whether it as a coach, a broadcaster or the name of a video game. Madden spoke with LA Time reporter Sam Farmer about a variety of NFL topics and Arizona Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians came up.
Arians is a different type of head coach, not getting his first head coaching gig in the NFL until he was 60. He had even "retired" after being let go as offensive coordinator for the Steelers and it appeared he was done.
Madden said Arians "reinvented himself" to find success.
"The Bruce Arians I knew isn't the same Bruce Arians I see now," Madden said. "Some guys never get their chance. He was ready for his chance."
One thing Madden really likes about Arians is his willingness to adjust for players, citing how "he let Ben Roethlisberger decide what he liked," indicating it was something he himself as a head coach.
"You can put something in and force-feed it to a quarterback, but if he doesn't like it and have his heart in it, it's not going to be as good as when he really likes something," he explained.
Arian has revealed that a bit now with game planning. He and the coaches come up with a game plan for the opposing team the Cardinals face and then take that plan to the quarterback and decide what plays he is comfortable with running.
Of course, with the Madden comment about Arians not being the same as the one he knew, we are left not knowing what the old Arians was like as a coach. That is never revealed.
There was clearly something that kept him from getting a chance to be considered for jobs before his interim head coaching experience in Indy. He is definitely an old school ball coach. However, he has shown a willingness to bring in new ideas for his team.
But it shows once again that, at least in Arians' case, an old dog can learn new tricks if given the opportunity.
It's common knowledge that people love to rip on the post-grunge band Nickelback. For the past few years, the Canadian quartet has become a nonstop punch line for music critics, bloggers and web-trolls.--- Remember last year, when Detroit Lions fans petitioned to have the band not play at the Thanksgiving day halftime show? Or how about last week, when writer Josh Gross of the Boise Weekly penned a hilarious/awful write-up suggesting that instead of buying a ticket you should buy a bunch of hammers, hang them from your ceiling and bang the demons out of your dome? Oh yeah, and if you haven't done this yet, look up lead singer Chad Kroeger on Urban Dictionary, where you'll be pleasantly surprised to find out that his name is actually a type of self-fellatio.
click to enlarge
Legend has it, Chad Kroeger's hair is made of ramen.
But, despite all the hatin', no one can deny that Nickelback is insanely successful and somehow, miraculously, they have a huge fanbase. The band started back in 1995 and, according to Last.fm, since their inception they've been nominated for six Grammys (hit this button), sold nearly 30 million records worldwide (hit it again) and they're ranked as the second-highest-grossing foreign act in the U.S. behind the Beatles (just mash your face against the mouse).
Now don't get me wrong, I'm a big fan of most rock (including crap rock and wuss rock) but honestly, I'd rather watch someone do this for an hour than go to one of their shows. I guess I figured that other people felt this way, too; that's why my mind was truly blown when I found out that Nickelback has over 13 million fans on Facebook and I don't know a single one of them, not a soul. So, when I heard they were performing at Energy Solutions Arena as part of their Here and Now Tour, I figured this would be the perfect opportunity to find out: A) Why people hate Nickelback more than kidney stones, B) Who the hell are these fans? and C) Does anyone like Creed anymore?
click to enlarge
Austin and Kali
So, how long have you guys been Nickelback fans?
Kali: Since last year
Austin: Not that long. The first time I heard ‘em was that song they had in the Transformers movie, "Burn it To The Ground.”
What do you two like most about Nickelback?
Kali: That they're Canadian!
Austin: They just go hard.
Doesn't it piss you off that Chad Kroeger starred in Dawson's Creek?
Austin: Huh, I don't even …
Kali: I didn't know that!
You guys didn't know he was in Dawson's Creek? This is him, check it out.
Kali: Hmmm.
Austin: That's crazy. That makes him cooler.
Why do think people are always ripping on Nickelback? I mean, they're not as shitty as Marcy Playground.
Kali: Yeah, I don't know! I posted on Twitter that I was going to this show and everyone was like, “Eww, that's so lame”
Austin: I guess people just gotta hate on something.
OK, true or false: Scott Stapp from Creed and Chad Kroeger are the same guy?
Austin: False.
Are you sure, check out these two photos side by side.
Austin: Yeah, they do look alike, the hair. Facial features are pretty close, too.
Kali: That's sooo weird.
click to enlarge
Danica and Chelsey
How long have you guys been Nickelback fans?
Chelsey: For life!
What songs are you looking forward to tonight?
Danica: I really don't know.
Chelsey: I love all of their songs. We like them all, we can't get enough of Nickelback!
Why is that? What is it about Nickelback?
Chelsey: Okay, don't take this offensive, but I think he has a super-sexy voice, as long as you don't look at his face.
Danica: Shhh, don't say that! What if he listens?!
Chelsey: OK, he has a sexy man voice. But he's a butter face.
OK. What genre of music is Nickelback?
Danica: Poppish?
Chelsey: Wait, I didn't even hear what you just said. It sounded like Spanish.
What kind of music is Nickelback?
Chelsey: Oh, rock! Wooooo!
All right, I'm going to show you two photos. Tell me which one is the lead singer of Nickelback and which one is the lead singer of Creed?
Danica: Neither one.
Chelsea: Oh, that one, the right, is Nickelback … that one is Creed.
Danica: Wait, that's James Van Der Beek.
Oh, shit. How did that get in there? Sorry. OK, last one -- which one is Chad Kroeger and which one is a banana?
Chelsey: Hey! That's the banana!
click to enlarge
Justin and Dee Dee
How long have you two been Nickelback fans?
Justin: Oh, a long time. Since the beginning.
Dee Dee: Check out my tattoo!
Oh, Damn, so you guys are huge fans. Tell me, why are people always hating on Nickelback?
Dee Dee: Because they're delicious. I guess because they're Canadian and they're super.
Justin: Probably because they have their hands in every genre.
I'm just gonna throw this out there, but... how hot is Chad Kroeger? One to ten.
Dee Dee: Oh, god, 12. He is my baby's daddy!
Justin?
Justin: He'd have to be a 9, at least.
What kind of music is Nickelback?
Dee Dee: Ah, they are in a class all their own. Are you kidding me?! I've been a huge Ratt and Motley Crue fan but I'll tell you, Nickelback stands alone.
Justin: I'd have to agree.
Dee Dee: They don't give a shit what's going on out there!
Sooo, you're saying Nickelback is the best thing to come out of Canada?
Dee Dee: Yes … except for Celine Dion. I'm not kidding.
Justin: Yeah, I'd say Nickelback, The Darkest Days and Three Days Grace.
What about Canadian bacon?
Dee Dee: Ahh, noooo. That's just ham.
Oh, crap, I just hit your boob with my mic. I'm really sorry.
Dee Dee: You break, you buy it, motherfucker! Hahaha!
Those real?
Dee Dee: Oh, hell no. They're older than you, honey.
OK, this is a visual question. No peeking … Who looks better with a perm?
Dee Dee: Chad! But it's not a perm it's naturally curly … that picture used to be my screen saver.
Really? Not the dog? Look at those those floppy ears.
Dee Dee: Nope. Chad is too hot. He is walking sex.
Photos: Nicole Jaatoul
Also check out Hello, I'm a T-Pain Fan
Twitter: @WolfColin
But the Frenchman, who has instead been dropped from the energy drink company's F1 roster altogether, explained that circumstances simply conspired against him in 2014.
When Mark Webber retired at the end of 2013, 24-year-old Vergne was disappointed to lose out on the seat to his Toro Rosso teammate Daniel Ricciardo.
What really didn't help me is that Red Bull had no idea that Vettel was going to go. Jean-Eric Vergne
A similar story unfolded this year: when Vettel made his shock decision to go to Ferrari for 2015, Red Bull once again chose Vergne's Toro Rosso teammate - now the Russian rookie Daniil Kvyat - as the successor.
No idea
Vergne, who now appears likely to rescue his F1 career with the Williams reserve role next year, told the French broadcaster Canal Plus: "What really didn't help me is that Red Bull had no idea that Vettel was going to go.
"They had had to sign and announce (Max) Verstappen very quickly, so obviously they were going to replace him with the older driver, because it made no sense to replace Kvyat after just half a season at Toro Rosso," he explained.
"Although the people at Red Bull had told me that if Vettel left the team it would be me who would replace him, I think it was difficult to reverse a decision that was made in August when they said I would not be with Toro Rosso or Red Bull in 2015.
"But at that time they had no idea that Vettel was going," Vergne added.
After about ten months now I'm tired of reflecting. There's only so much a person can reflect on, and then they must move on. But sometimes moving on requires one to share what they've learned.
Hi, my name is TJ Anderson, and it's time to tell you a story. I spent the first four months of 2014 as a model in Miami. (see photo) It sounds harmless, but this 25 year old dude from Iowa was in for a culture shock when he landed in South Beach. As a health coach and fitness trainer from Des Moines, IA, I thought this would be an easy opportunity for me to make some money and build my personal brand. (Wow, that sounds super douchey, but it's true.) The funny thing was I couldn't have been further from the truth. This post will highlight a few areas where I set unrealistic expectations…and then I will share what I learned from those. Enjoy!
First, the money. The money from modeling didn't flow- at least not to me. I made a total of $500 or so directly from modeling over a total of 4 months. Sigh. Laugh. Scoff. Repeat. (Thank God this wasn't my only revenue channel.) It's pretty ridiculous when you think about it. I was expecting to make $3–4K at a minimum over those four months, and here's why:
My ego was built up. Over and over I would hear comments like:
“TJ, you have such a great look, you'll kill it!”
Or…
“TJ, you look like Matt Damon, except prettier, how could you not be successful in modeling?!”
Long story short, my money plan failed. Income fell. Debt rose. And the budding entrepreneur in me started sprinting after a goal with no direction. The funny thing was I thought I knew where I was going. Well, I didn't. I knew where I wanted to be, but the problem was I didn't know how to get there. I didn't…ask for directions.
Have you ever wanted something so bad you didn't do the smart thing…and ask for help?
If I had asked for proper directions from people I like love and respect, I would have learned that the money from modeling would take time and patience. Two things I had not planned for.
Back to my story. So, the second area I was wanting to focus on- the personal brand. Remember, I thought modeling could be a vehicle for me to spread the message of healthy living to the world. (Yes, you can laugh. It's kind of cliche.)
But seriously. I thought I could help share my story of how I transformed my body through specific “healthy” changes to my diet and fitness routines. And I thought this could take my virtual health coaching business to the next level. While this did start to happen a little bit, there was something else going on at the same time.
I started to feel like I was developing an online reputation that the average person couldn't relate to. The pictures with gorgeous women and videos of beach parties made it seem like I was on Spring Break. And I was, but this Spring Break started in the winter and lasted an extra couple months.
Honestly, my values were starting to slip. I partied to hard and my body paid for it. I was on this vicious cycle of trying to achieve the perfect body while also partying my a** off. Here I thought I wouldn't get caught up in the glamour of modeling, the perfection mindset, and all the ego that swims through the streets of South Beach, Florida. I was wrong.
Has that ever happened to you? Where you thought so hard about not doing something that that very focus of the not doing caused you to do it anyway? It sounds silly, but it's so true.
All in all Miami was one hell of a ride for me and I wouldn't change it for the world. In fact, I made some amazing friendships and memories with people both in and outside of the modeling industry. (See photos above.) Honestly, I'm grateful for the awareness that I had in Miami. What I'm sharing with you today I got clear on while I was down there. It was in March, about 2 or 3 months in to my trip, when I realized something was off. That's about the time I shared the most real, raw, open and honest facebook post I had ever written at the time.
I'll never forget one of my good friends, Mike Hrostoski, shared in reply to this post. It touched my heart, and made this sense of tension all but disappear. Perhaps it will do the same for you. After reading my post, this is what Mike shared:
“Good for you to experience a lifestyle that none of us will. Good for you to take a huge risk. Good for you to dive headfirst into an industry that a lot of people have judgment against. Good for you for partying your face off with beautiful people. And good for you for not getting completely sucked in and staying a beautiful person on the inside too. We can either judge the “stupid shit” we did when we were kids or just realize that it was EXACTLY what we needed in that moment.”
There it is, friends.
What do you need to reflect on? What have you learned from? I know we're only 2 months into 2015, and we're so focused on making this the best year yet, but what if we're not ready to focus on the future? What if we still need to share something we've been reflecting on recently?
If this sounds like you, this is your chance to share whatever you want to share. If you have something specifically you're reflecting on, share with yourself, with your friends, and with your family. And these questions might help:
What did you learn about yourself in this experience? Do you feel like sharing? Would that help you? If so, what do you feel like sharing and to whom do you feel like sharing? Now go and share!
These guiding questions will keep us moving forward with full awareness, limitless growth, and relentless joy- three elusive principles we must cling to in this life.
While I may not have accomplished what I planned to accomplish in Miami, the life lessons that came from it where priceless.
The thoughts of failure were everywhere to be found. I placed so much value on being “good enough” as a model. And these last 8 months I've been reflecting, growing, and healing my relationship with myself and what I put myself through. And now, I'm excited to share I'm done reflecting, and my starting to share.
See, there's a difference between sharing and reflecting. Reflecting brings this sense of awareness and growth, and sharing brings this feeling of freedom and truth. At least for me. And I wish the same for you.
This article also appears on Medium and is published here with the permission of the author
There are many of us still waiting for Nokia to roll out the Lumia Black update for Windows Phones around the world. If you're not yet rocking the latest firmware, you'll be receiving your update notifications soon. Just as we covered last week , Nokia is beginning the major push to supported hardware, starting with China.
We've received confirmation from Nokia that the Lumia Black firmware update has indeed started its journey to consumers. Note that the Lumia 1020 and Lumia 925 Windows Phones are receiving the upgrade (other Lumias to follow). Here's what Nokia China posted on Chinese website Weibo (translated):
"Nokia Lumia Black system upgrade coming in recently for different types of users, have to upgrade push it! I believe that many users already can not wait to learn what the system update, right? Come! Click on the picture, preview it!"
Should you require reminding as to what the update brings to Lumia Windows Phones, we've got a quick reminder for you. It's worth noting that not all included features and changes will be applied to all hardware and Chinese consumers will receive two unique features exclusive to that market.
Glance Screen - New colours for night mode, notifications, pedometer, custom text and calendar information
RAW camera support for both the Lumia 1020 and Lumia 1520
New camera algorithms, notably for the Lumia 1020 with tone mapping and noise reduction
Bluetooth 4.0 LE
​We'll hopefully have an idea as to which regions are receiving the update soon. Have you updated to Lumia Black yet?
Source: Weibo; thanks, hengxiang32401, for the heads-up!
Police officers in Sarcelles, France, on Sunday near the scene where an officer shot his girlfriend, seriously wounding her, before killing there other people (AFP Photo/Thomas SAMSON)
Sarcelles (France) (AFP) - A 31-year-old French police officer shot three people dead before turning the gun on himself, in a killing spree sparked by a row with his girlfriend, authorities said Sunday.
The news comes with France already grappling with a surge in police suicides this year.
The Paris officer, Arnaud Martin, finished his shift on Saturday evening and went to meet his girlfriend in Sarcelles, a suburb north of the capital city, to discuss ending their relationship.
But after an argument broke out, Martin shot the young woman in the face and killed two men, aged 30 and 44 who attempted to intervene, said Eric Corbaux, prosecutor for the Pontoise department.
He then went to his girlfriend's home just a few yards away, where he killed the girl's father and seriously injured her mother in the throat.
He also shot the woman's sister in the leg and killed the family dog.
The attacker was later found "dead from a gunshot wound to the head, his gun in his hand, in the back of the garden," Corbaux said.
His former girlfriend was in a stable condition in hospital on Sunday, while her mother was described as "critical", he added.
"According to his superiors, he was a good civil servant, a very serious former gendarme," Corbaux said.
A source close to the investigation told AFP that investigators will need to focus on whether the attack was premeditated, but said there was "no element" to suggest that at this stage.
Saturday's tragedy comes as French officials confront a sharp increase in police suicides, with more than 45 officers and 16 gendarmes killing themselves so far this year.
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb told France Inter radio that the attacker was "someone who, at one point, totally derailed. He was armed, he could fire."
But Collomb said he would not backtrack on allowing officers carry their weapons when off-duty, a practice France introduced after the November 2015 terror attacks in Paris.
"It's something that requires a lot of attention by police supervisors," Collomb said, though he acknowledged that most police suicides are prompted by events in their private lives.
He recently confessed his desire to apply for US citizenship in order to 'fight and oppose' the new President, Donald Trump.
And Sir Patrick Stewart certainly looked like he was settling in to Hollywood life on Friday, as he headed for dinner at the swanky Craig's restaurant with his wife Sunny Ozell.
The famous actor, 76, appeared relaxed and content as he enjoyed a low-key meal at the celebrity hotspot with his musician wife, 38.
Scroll down for video
LA living: Sir Patrick Stewart certainly looked like he was settling in to Hollywood life on Friday, as he headed for dinner at the swanky Craig's restaurant with his wife Sunny Ozell
Quality time: The famous actor, 76, appeared relaxed and content as he enjoyed a low-key meal at the celebrity hotspot with his musician wife, 38
The pair, who have been married for three years, appeared to be strong as ever as they left the restaurant hand-in-hand.
Keeping things casual for the dinner, the X Men actor sported a suave checked blazer atop a comfortable grey polo shirt and simple navy trousers.
Meanwhile the singer upped the glamour for their date in a form-fitting leather skirt, which cut off high at her thigh to flash her long and slender pins to all.
Loved-up: The pair, who have been married for three years, appeared to be strong as ever as they left the restaurant hand-in-hand
Low-key: Keeping things casual for the dinner, the X Men actor sported a suave checked blazer atop a comfortable grey polo shirt and simple navy trousers
Leggy lady: Meanwhile the singer upped the glamour for their date in a form-fitting leather skirt, which cut off high at her thigh to flash her long and slender pins to all
Pairing it with a plain black top, Sunny then jazzed up her all-black look with a polka dot blazer and vibrant turquoise drop earrings.
Patrick and Sunny first began dating in 2008, after meeting during the actor's run in Macbeth at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
The pair then moved in together four years later and cast aside their 38-year age gap to marry in 2013 - with Sir Ian McKellan performing the wedding ceremony.
Accessories are key: Pairing it with a plain black top, Sunny then jazzed up her all-black look with a polka dot blazer and vibrant turquoise drop earrings
Still going strong: The pair cast aside their 38-year age gap to marry in 2013 - with Sir Ian McKellan performing the wedding ceremony
The relaxed outing comes after Patrick revealed on Thursday he is applying for US citizenship so he can 'fight and oppose'Donald Trump.
The Star Trek actor said that getting an American passport 'might be the only good thing as the result of this election'.
The legendary thespian - who was born in West Yorkshire but lives in Brooklyn - added that he and his wife went to Washington last month to visit friends and ask them what they could do about the President.
Speaking on The View, he explained: 'I want to be an American, too.
New idea: The relaxed outing comes after Patrick revealed on Thursday he is applying for US citizenship so he can 'fight and oppose' Donald Trump
'All of my friends in Washington said: "There is one thing you can do. Fight, fight; oppose, oppose." But I can't do it because I'm not a citizen.'
Sir Patrick, who lives in Brooklyn with his third wife Sunny, admitted that as a couple they had 'three separate dinners' with their 'Washington insider' friends to work out 'what we could do' about Trump.
He was also questioned about a Tweet he posed on February 10 in which he wrote: 'Had the worst sleep of my life last night.
'But I was sleeping less than 300 yds from where Donald Trump sleeps. Could there be a connection?'
The Star Trek actor, 76, said on Thursday that getting an American passport 'might be the only good thing as the result of this election'.
Stewart explained that he posted the Tweet after the third dinner with friends, and insisted it was 'a fairly innocent Tweet' that 'didn't directly insult the President'.
Stewart has lived on and off in the United States since securing the legendary Star Trek role of Jean-Luc Picard in the 1980s.
He has lived in Brooklyn since 2012 with musician Ozell.
The actor previously took aim at Trump on social media last March, when he Tweeted a photo of a man carrying a sign that read: 'Give me a dollar or I vote for Trump.'
Stewart Tweeted that he had 'the worst sleep' after having dinner with his 'Washington insider' friends to ask them what he could do about Trump
He wrote alongside the shot: 'Made me forget the humidity for a moment. Worth 5 bucks.'
He also claimed Trump couldn't be taken 'seriously' due to his 'antics' in an interview with Vice last May.
'Well, of course, we had no idea that Dreadful Trump would be up to these antics that he is up to now,' he told the website.
The legendary thespian was born in West Yorkshire but has lived in Brooklyn with his wife Sunny Ozell since 2012
'And I call them ‘antics' because how could they possibly be taken seriously.'
Stewart reprises his role as X-Men founder Professor X in the Wolverine tale, Logan, which opens on Friday.
He revealed he'll be leaving the X-Men franchise after Logan earlier this month.
While onstage at a SiriusXM Town Hall with the film's leading man Hugh Jackman and director James Mangold, he recalled deciding to stop playing Professor X.
At the film's world premiere during this year's Berlinale: 'I realized there will never be a better, a more perfect, a more sensitive, emotional, and beautiful way of saying au revoir to Charles Xavier than this movie.'
The 76-year-old remembered of the February 17 event: 'A week ago, Friday night in Berlin, the three of us sat, watching the movie. And I was so moved by it, much more moved than I had been the first time of seeing it.'
When he had a look at Jackman, who's also announced his departure from the franchise post-Logan, he noticed the man who played Wolverine tearing up.
At which point: 'I realized I had just done the same thing. Then, the movie ended… and we were going to be taken up on stage, but not until the credits were over.'
Compatible with iOS 5, 6 and 7
A near-complete rewrite of Safari Download Enabler v2.0, featuring a live downloads list, HTML5 video support, file:/// support, and more.
Downloading:
* To download HTML5 videos, shake your device while playing them.
* To download links or images, tap and hold.
* A user-agent faker may be necessary to download files from some websites.
Viewing downloads:
* Tap and hold on the bookmarks icon to open the downloads list. If there are no active downloads, the file browser will open instead.
* Swipe the title bar to switch between viewing the downloads list and file browser.
* Tap on a file in the downloads list to choose from "Select" (opens it in Safari--if a file cannot be displayed, it will be copied back to the downloads list), "Save", and "Open in...".
* When saving a file, tap and hold the Save button to save with a different name.
* Swipe across a file to delete it.
Browsing the local filesystem:
* To view a file or list the contents of a directory, type its path in the address bar. Alternatively, locate it in the file browser, tap and hold, and select Open In... > Safari.
* Local files and directories can be bookmarked or added to the home screen, just like other URLs.
If you would like to help translate this tweak, please email me.
See larger Screenshots below..
Loading ... Loading ...
As the inauguration carries on throughout today, many concerns and recent warnings tug at the back of the minds of all those carefully watching. Yet, once again it begins to have a feeling of hype, misdirection and sensationalism. The threats were however very real in their potential, but the question remains: was it all designed to pull the collective attention of the American people from … something, or was it all simply Internet boasting and delusions of grandeur as to one's ability to actually disrupt what should be the most heavily guarded event of the year.
Ultimately, it's clear that the threat was real, or rather, genuine for many out there, especially the stars and political elites who were, and are currently, calling for martial law to stop a Trump presidency, as irrelevant as that now seems. Those with the motivation to call for such an outlandish and half-cocked idea, clearly are only thinking of their personal motivations and not the repercussions of such an action, both on the remanence of this country's democracy, and the individual rights of each American citizen. And one must consider how this entire race played into the soft coup that clearly took place during the election, and is taking place, and seems to be culminating with today's inauguration.
In today's episode of TLAV Political Roundtable, we dive into all this and much more, as we consider the future of a Donald Trump Presidency. One can only hope that President Trump is genuine in his promise to bring the power back to the American people; where it should have always been, and where it should forever remain.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Polish is one of the foremost things on my mind right now (and I don't mean the language!). This is a Good Thing™, because I couldn't spend this much time thinking about it if we weren't nearing the end of our game's development. I know, I can hardly believe it myself!
From my experience, it's the beginning and end stages of development where you see the greatest returns on investment. In the beginning, you're laying down large swathes of code and you see the game progress very quickly. In the end, you're making a lot of tiny adjustments that have profound effects because they ripple across the (hopefully well-laid) infrastructure that you've built your game on top of. Even something as simple as a beam of wood that the player can walk behind adds a lot to the way the game feels at this stage, whereas earlier in the development it might go unnoticed amid larger flaws. I love getting to this point, because I love putting little details into my work. In fact, the “Moss” part of my company's name “Mossmouth” is an allusion to that concept of fine detail.
If you look closely at, say, any recent Mario game, you'll really see how important polish is to the overall experience. It seems like everything in those games - from the menu buttons to the poofs of dust that appear when something lands on the ground - has a personality and reacts in a very fun way, with a wiggle or a cute sound effect. Likewise, the controls are very responsive and fine-tuned. As players, we may not spend too much time marveling at each of these little details, but nonetheless, we feel the impact and come to love these games in large part because of it. As developers, we should most definitely marvel at them, because it's our business (and our passion).
The original Spelunky was in development for 2 years (on and off), and the version we're working on right now has been in development for another 2 years. Throughout that span of time Spelunky's design has flowed naturally, leaving us enough resources to learn the Xbox 360 and also work on refinements that will take us to that next level. With regards to polish, Microsoft has given us some great suggestions, and definitely deserve credit for their help. There's a good lesson here: seek help and feedback and especially criticism from every direction if you hope to do your best work.
When Spelunky is finally released on XBLA (To Be Announced!), will we have succeeded in crafting something that feels as good as the amazing games we've been inspired by as children and as adults? That's our goal, but I'll leave it to you to decide how we did! In the meantime, we'll keep on polishing until we think we're there. It shouldn't be too long now…
On board Air Force One en route to Paris last night, President Trump held an off the record gaggle with reporters, but he changed his mind this morning allowed his remarks — on everything from Russia to the border wall to China — to be released on the record.
The big thing: Trump told reporters that he'd be willing to invite Russian President Vladimir Putin to the White House at some point in the future:
"I don't think this is the right time, but the answer is yes I would. Look, it's very easy for me to say absolutely, I won't. That's the easy thing for me to do, but that's the stupid thing to do…If you don't have dialogue, you have to be fools. Fools. It would be the easiest thing for me to say... I will never speak to him, and everybody would love me. But I have to do what's right."
Elizabeth Warren (Photo: Screen capture from Conan)
While some conservatives immediately blamed President Barack Obama for the tragic shootings in Dallas that claimed the lives of five police officers, one writer suggested a new culprit.
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
Under the heading: “Nice Job Pocahontas: Warren's Inflammatory Tweets Contribute to Climate of Racial Violence,” writer Donn Marten suggested that the Democratic senator is an “accomplice” in the “calculated murder” of the five police officers attending the Black Lives Matter protest late Thursday night.
“Democratic party nominee Hillary Clinton's hatchet-woman Elizabeth Warren may as well be an accomplice in the now out of control outbreak of racial violence in America that resulted in the calculated murder of at least five Dallas police officers on Thursday,” he wrote. “Pocahontas sought to exploit emotions in a dangerous way in the aftermath of the unfortunate shooting of a black man by Minneapolis police.”
“Looking to fan the flames of racial animosity in order to get black voters whipped up into a highly agitated state so as to gain politically, the cigar store Indian took to Twitter on Thursday to stir up anti-cop sentiment with a series of missives,” he continued.
At issue were several tweets Warren wrote Thursday afternoon, including one that read: “We've seen the sickening videos of black Americans killed in traffic stops. Lives ended by those sworn to protect them.”
Using the Black Lives Matter hashtag, Warren noted recent prominent African Americans who died after following incidents involving police, including Sandra Bland, Freddie Gray, Michael Brown, Walter Scott, Tamir Rice, Eric Garner, Alton Sterling and Philando Castile.
Warren added: “Most cops are good ppl. But we can't ignore the ugly reality: black parents feel they must teach kids to ‘survive' police.”
According to Marten, the media is also to blame to for not holding the Democratic Party responsible for “inciting racial violence,” while they were wasting time on presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump's tweets.
“Somehow though these tweets will slip through the cracks of being scrutinized by our crusading media for the Democratic party's role in inciting racial violence and now the assassination of law enforcement officers that could lead to all out civil war,” he explained. “The so-called anti-Semitic Donald Trump tweet of crooked Hillary with an alleged Star of David image has dominated the press for five solid days now, let's see some balance in calling out Fauxahontas for her blantant(sic) race-baiting. The media only continues to enable a climate of hostility that is rapidly spiraling into anarchy.”
“As the Democrats would understand if they had any sense of decency would be that dabbling in racial politics is like playing with matches – sooner or later you are going to get burned,” he concluded.
Here's your riddle for today: What do Rupert Murdoch and dead pigs floating in a river have in common?
If you haven't been following stories out of China you probably don't realize that 13,000 carcasses have been found just this week bobbing in the main river supplying drinking water to Shanghai. And that's the good news.
With China's economy booming, and billions to be made, a communist-capitalist hybrid economy has taken root, combining the worst excesses of capitalist greed with varied forms of communist oppression. Chinese leaders have used their iron grip squeeze out billions of dollars for themselves and families. Nevertheless, if there are no limits to the rapacity and greed of many people—even those still nominally communists—the environment does have certain limits. Spreading air and water pollution, and now thousands of rotting pigs, have forced officials, however corrupt, to finally take some action. This past December seventeen business people were sentenced to jail, including one for life, after they were found guilty of slaughtering and selling off bacon and pork chops from more than 77,000 diseased pigs.
That's why pigs in the river represent progress. Some crook somewhere (here you begin to see a tie to Rupert Murdoch) was clearly dumping evidence. Considering how hard Chinese authorities work to stifle dissent, including carefully monitoring the internet to quash stories that place them in an unflattering light, it was hard to get at the truth. One official suggested that, oh well, what can you do, the pigs had died as a result of unusually cold weather. Bloggers skilled in circumventing web censorship picked up the story and started investigating. One humorist wondered if the pigs were part of a mass porcine suicide pact.
Some people will stop at noting to pile up dollars, men such as Rupert Murdoch, owner of News Corporation, a man whose illustrious career proves that point at every turning.
When you think of Mr. Murdoch, you are probably not saying to yourself, “This is the very fellow I would most trust to save America's public schools.” Still, there he is, one foot already in the school house door. Unfortunately, almost no one noticed two years ago when Murdoch paid $360 million for a controlling interest in Wireless Generation, a major player in the sale of education-related technology. What led our favorite Australian billionaire to jump into the field of U. S. education?
Let's go to the News Corporation website and allow the boss to explain his motivation:
When it comes to K through 12 education, we see a $500 billion sector in the U.S. alone that is waiting desperately to be transformed by big breakthroughs that extend the reach of great teaching. Wireless Generation is at the forefront of individualized, technology-based learning that is poised to revolutionize public education for a new generation of students.
If you are keeping those dead pigs in mind you are probably not surprised to see that Murdoch would mention “$500 billion” first and not “great teaching” or “students.”In fact, if you want to predict what News Corporation would ever do if it came down to putting kids ahead of dollars, or dollars ahead of kids, you should Google: “Millie Dowler.”
That's the overarching danger as corporations increasingly extend their reach into our children's classrooms. Fox News, of course, will tell you this business move into education will all work out just great. But, no, we can't trust a lot of business people. We already know more than we want to know about crooked practices at for-profit colleges. We know about sharks who start-up shady charter schools, too
Well, what would you expect? We're talking $500 billion in government spending—and what business person worth his or her fat bank account wouldn't want to get a healthy slice of all that cash?
The testing industry, already bloated after a decade of standardized testing, is worth an estimated $1.7 billion annually. Naturally, companies like Pearson are spending millions to lobby politicians and keep the mandated tests coming. In fact, it doesn't matter that scores on the SAT have dropped over the last ten years since schools began focusing on narrow testing. It doesn't matter that last fall 232 Texas school districts joined in denouncing the growing reliance on high-stakes testing, either.
Dollars first, children second.
If anyone can sniff out a dollar, no matter how filthy, it's Murdoch, a man never know to be reluctant to send employees swimming in sewers to fetch him one. Now he brings his ruthless methods to education. Amplify, a division of News Corporation, wants to expand its presence into every American classroom. The company already markets curriculum materials. Last week, Joel I. Klein, former chancellor of the New York City schools, now chief executive of Amplify, announced that the company “will not sell just its curriculum on existing tablets, but will also offer the Amplify Tablet, its own 10-inch Android tablet designed for K-12 schoolchildren.” According to the New York Times the new tablet has a sleek touch screen. If a child's attention wanders a voice prompts them: “Eyes on the teacher.”
(It might be kind of cool if Amplify recorded Bill O'Reilly's snarling voice to scare the inattentive pupils.)
As Klein explains it, the tablet is designed “so that schools can provide each student with one to take home each night.” There's a huge learning opportunity—if we get kids excited about educational games. “We understand technology and we understand education,” Klein assures reporters. “A lot of people who understand technology don't understand education.”
Truth is, like the Chinese businessmen who dumped the dead pigs in the river, what Klein and Murdoch really understand is how to pile up stacks of money.
You don't pay $360 million for a controlling interest in an education-related company or offer the head of your education division a munificent salary (Klein earns $4.5 million) unless you expect a tidy profit.
In recent months, Amplify has been hard at work field-testing the tablet in hundreds of schools. They even donated tablets to the poorest students and schools—which if you watch Fox News, you know only encourages “moochers”and “takers.” But not to worry! Capitalism will triumph in the end. A loaded device, with advice on use and care, will soon go on sale, for $299, along with a two-year subscription, $99 annually. “A higher-end Amplify Tablet Plus, for students who do not have wireless access at home, comes with a 4G data plan and costs $349.”
Here's the final irony.
How will schools afford all this new technology? Simple, says Klein. “Amplify estimates that many school districts could use grants from the Department of Education's Race to the Top program, which brings technology and personalized learning to schools.”
Holy shit!
Rupert Murdoch wants some of President Obama's stimulus money! The old coot has made a pact with the Devil from Kenya!
18th June 2013 -- According to new research, which builds on a recent report by UKERC on 'unconventional' gas for the European Commission, 40 per cent of the world's remaining gas resources could come from unconventional sources such as shale gas.
However, the study warns that there are huge uncertainties about exactly how much unconventional gas will be available in the future, particularly given the relative absence of peer-review and insufficient information on data, assumptions and methodology.
The review “Unconventional gas – A review of regional and global resource estimates” is published in the journal Energy and looks at over sixty studies on unconventional gas resources (shale gas, tight gas and coal bed methane). The paper finds that using ‘best' estimates around 286 trillion cubic metres of unconventional gas could be feasibly recovered.
There is growing interest in unconventional gas across the globe; between 2006 and 2010 shale gas production in the United States increased ten-fold, sharply reducing US gas prices and leading to an oversupply of liquefied natural gas on world markets.
“Making predictions on the availability of unconventional sources of gas is hugely important to world commodity markets as well as in determining the future direction of energy policy,” said lead author of the paper Christophe McGlade from University College London.
“But making predictions on the recoverable resource of the unconventional gases is notoriously difficult, being sensitive to numerous assumptions over geology and extraction rates. Without a detailed description of the methodology used to generate resource figures, it is hard to have much confidence in many of the estimates quoted.” he added.
More than two thirds of the unconventional gas and a quarter of the total amount of gas available globally is likely to come from shale deposits. Nevertheless, even in the United States, the country with by far the best characterised resource, estimates of shale gas availability vary hugely, ranging from 64 per cent to 230 per cent of the central estimate.
US experience suggests that shale gas deposits are very heterogeneous meaning that estimates simply assuming uniform productivity across a deposit are likely to significantly overestimate the true potential. Coupled with the inadequate treatment of uncertainty and inconsistencies in terminology and definitions, this means that the range of uncertainty remains extremely wide.
The review concludes that while the unconventional gas resource is potentially very large, the uncertainty in estimates is underappreciated, while the extent to which these technically recoverable resources will ultimately become economically recoverable is also far from clear.
(Department of Engineering, University of Cambridge/YouTube)
Dambusters.
You don't see the Bouncing Bomb very often as it was a niche market explosive device. This powerful bomb was used by the Royal Air Force during WWII and earned its name from the ability to skip long distances over water before detonation.
The bouncing bomb found a role as a maritime weapon skipping across the surface of the water to avoid nets that could stop torpedos. Used by low flying planes such as the Lancaster bomber as a means delivering a surface torpedo. Not many bouncing bombs were made some in use against the German Battleship Tirpitz and the more infamous role destroying dams in Germany.
You may also like…
Advertisement
“In 1939, visionary aircraft designer Barnes Wallis designed a very special bomb that would bounce across water and destroy German dams. The raid in 1943 was a success and a 1950s feature film carried the the Dambusters story into British legend.”
Dr. Hugh Hunt an engineer from the University of Cambridge was curious about the destructive potential of the bouncing bomb so he recreated it. For the first time since World War II, a bouncing bomb will be used in action. Check out the video Dr. Hunt's explosive experiment when he takes the bouncing bomb all in against a dam.
An aerial view shows workers wearing protective suits and masks work at a construction site (C) of the shore barrier to stop radioactive water from leaking into the sea, at the tsunami-crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Fukushima, in this photo taken by Kyodo, August 9, 2013. REUTERS/Kyodo A string of new incidents at Fukushima show that more than two years after a tsunami crippled the nuclear facility, it remains a toxic time bomb, one that the Japanese believe plant owner TEPCO to be utterly incapable of managing.
The Wall Street Journal's Mari Iwata reported last night that 10 workers at Fukushima received high levels of radiation exposure after being sprayed at a misting station.
That amount of contamination is five times the maximum level Tepco has set as its limit, but none of the workers appear to have inhaled radioactive particles, or reported any illness, [Japan's Nuclear Regulatory Agency] said.
TEPCO says the incident poses no threat to the surrounding area as the plant's water supply is cut off from the region's, and that the water itself did not appear to be contaminated, but that they had not yet pinpointed the source of the stray radiation.
This follows an earlier announcement that 300 tons of radioactive water are still seeping past barriers and into the Pacific every day.
According to NPR's Geoff Brumfiel, the area around the plant is already a dead zone, and the ocean is likely to dilute much of the harmful impact of the leaks.
But the revelations have shattered the already brittle notion that TEPCO had a handle on the situation.
The FT's Jonathan Soble reported last month that it was clear TEPCO was withholding the true extent of the newly revealed leaks.
Government officials and local fishermen criticized Tokyo Electric Power on Tuesday after it admitted the existence of the leak for the first time, weeks after regulators spotted the problem and days after the utility's own analysis confirmed it.
"The data disclosure was very slow, and that is extremely regrettable," Toshimitsu Motegi, industry minister, told reporters.
Yoshihide Suga, the chief cabinet secretary, also said Tepco should have responded more quickly.
This shouldn't come as much of a surprise given the company (as well as the government itself) faced similar charges of foot-dragging in the aftermath of the March 2011 meltdown itself.
TEPCO has effectively been neutered as a going concern by the incident. Estimates put the cost of the cleanup at $11 billion over 40 years.
For a visual demonstration of this, here's their stock chart over the past few years:
MarketWatch
But Japan's Asahi Shimbun newspaper blasted the idea that the company should be allowed to restart one of its nuclear reactors to raise funds:
TEPCO is planning to seek permission to restart its Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture in accordance with the existing rehabilitation plan. This is an outrageous idea, given what is happening in Fukushima. It beggars belief that TEPCO is even considering it.
An insolvent Fukushima is a problem that goes beyond corporate interests, the paper notes:
TEPCO is confronted by massive burdens that far exceed its capability. If the situation is left unattended, it could have a negative effect on the reconstruction of stricken areas and the power supply to the Tokyo metropolitan area.
Believe it or not, the situation could actually get even worse.
As in worse than the original accident itself — and possibly worse than Chernobyl.
Later this year, TEPCO will attempt to remove 1,300 highly irradiated spent fuel rod bundles weighing 400 tons of "highly irradiated spent fuel" according to Reuters.
Here's what happens if it's botched:
The operation, beginning this November at the plant's Reactor No. 4, is fraught with danger, including the possibility of a large release of radiation if a fuel assembly breaks, gets stuck or gets too close to an adjacent bundle, said Gundersen and other nuclear experts.
That could lead to a worse disaster than the March 2011 nuclear crisis at the Fukushima plant, the world's most serious since Chernobyl in 1986.
No one knows how bad it can get, but independent consultants Mycle Schneider and Antony Froggatt said recently in their World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2013: "Full release from the Unit-4 spent fuel pool, without any containment or control, could cause by far the most serious radiological disaster to date."
Somehow, those risks outweigh — or maybe simply equal — the impetus for the operation in the first place: Reactor No.4 remains highly unstable, and if another quake hits everything gets fried anyway.
So far, the death toll from the meltdown itself (as opposed to the tsunami) remains a matter of debate. A May U.N. report said no one had died or even yet fallen ill, though Slate has explained that we still don't even have a precise mortality count from Chernobyl (it's hard to distinguish between exposure-induced and naturally occurring cancer). A Stanford study says it could ultimately lead to 1,300 cancer deaths.
But mortality is likely to be compounded by the fact that Japan released record amounts of CO2 last year after it temporarily shuttered most of its other nuclear plants (which are carbon neutral).
This thing just keeps going.
May 19th, 2017
May 19th, 2017
Cody Walker's battle with South Sydney has hit a new bitter low with the star utility telling the club he will not be there in 2019.
Walker is signed to Souths for next season and has an option his way for the following year.
But the classy half is unhappy with the money he is on at the Bunnies and today declared he would not be taking up the option.
Walker is hoping the move will allow him to get an early release and pick up a new club for 2018.
Walker, 27, signed a paltry contract with the Rabbitohs last year and despite being Souths' best player for the past 12 months, is one of the lowest paid players in the game.
It is believed Walker is on only $200,000 a season, with Souths unwilling to upgrade him.
Four clubs have expressed interest in Walker since it was revealed earlier this week that he is unhappy with Souths.
The Broncos are set to offer Walker $600,000 a season while Melbourne also see him as a potential replacement for Cooper Cronk in the halves.
There could be a garden just beneath the waters. Kurt Bauschardt/CC BY-SA 2.0
It's not exactly Atlantis, but archaeologists have discovered what might be the oldest example of a garden ever found in the Pacific Northwest.
According to Science, archaeologists discovered the garden just east of Vancouver, hidden beneath the waters of a natural wetland, at a site labelled, DhRp-52. The researchers found 40 square meters of tightly interlinked stones that created a sort of unbroken pavement. Also found at the site were various crude digging tools and around 4,000 wapato tubers, an edible plant not unlike a potato which is thought to have been the main crop of the garden.
The garden is thought to have been created by the Katzie, a First Nations people in British Columbia, and it's been dated to around 3,800 years old, making it possibly the oldest surviving garden structure in the region. The people that built the garden likely lived on a nearby dry spot of land while using the shallow wetland to grow their swamp potatoes, according to Science.
The rice-paddy-like site is also an important window into exactly how agriculture developed in the area, where the actual structure still exists rather than simply having documentary evidence. Still, the tubers don't look very appetizing.
BABYMETAL crashes the music festival of a promoter who hates them … cause fuck it
BABYMETAL has surprisingly earned a bunch of respect (or at least attention) in the metal world recently, but Andy Coppin of Download Festival is certainly not among those that enjoy the band.
@G_Bentley @robwillsher @BABYMETAL_JAPAN There's a time & a place for Baby Metal. Each to their own but Download Festival is not it — Andy Copping (@Maverick_AC) July 28, 2014
@Amazing_Pete Yep, it's a no from me…another Japanese novelty fad. It works in their homeland & I have big respect for that — Andy Copping (@Maverick_AC) April 7, 2014
@bryanmcknight_ For all the wrong reasons, like they did for PSY — Andy Copping (@Maverick_AC) March 17, 2014
Despite their growing profile since those tweets, they still weren't invited to the festival, and that must've made it real weird when BABYMETAL crashed his event unannounced cause fuck it.
And then Dragonforce shared a stage with them.
Just seen Baby Metal hanging around backstage at Download?? What is going on?? @DownloadFest #DL2015 @BABYMETAL_JAPAN — Andy Copping (@Maverick_AC) June 12, 2015
Gotta appreciate trolling like this.
Billy bob 159 ,
Great + Could B Better
I really love the nostalgic feel of this amazing Pokédex. It has all Locations of TM/HM and Pokémon along with Mega stones. It has Height and weight ratios for every Pokémon, which is great for a Poké Maniac like me. It shows evolution patterns and and Learn Moves. I do really wish their was also an Item Dex that showed items and their locations for XY and ORAS. Also having a way to create different Parties of Pokémon for trainer use would be helpful as well. Teams and such. Now I already know my Type match ups, but a lot of beginners do not, so having a Type Match-up chart would be awesome for them. Thanks for the Dex! It is pretty good! Don't change the design, it is so legit!
When a male contact sent me a 14-slide New York Post slideshow of paparazzi beaches photos Leonardo DiCaprio under the headline “The Great Fatsby?” I felt a pang of empathy unprecedented in my relations with A-list actors. Poor Leo, of all people: carelessly frolicking in the Bora Bora surf, his hair in a man-bun and a 22-year-old in his arms, without the faintest idea that his body would soon be served up for our evaluation. He was oblivious to his appearance, yes, but even so, his body hardly seemed to qualify as fat. No question mark!
“I look like that,” my friend said. He was actually a little bit hurt, I think.
For women, this is a familiar experience, of course. How many times have I read earnest reports that impossibly, exquisitely sculpted women like Jennifer Aniston were looking a little round lately (possibly preggers?) and contemplating how I compared. But even though the tabloid sport of body-snarking has gone co-ed in recent years, it's still somehow impossible to fat-shame a man, especially a rich and powerful one.
Back in 2010, when tabloids were tittering at photos of a suddenly less-than-Spartan Gerard Butler, Brian Moylan predicted that, finally, “male celebrities will be held to the same impossible body standards as their female counterparts.” If only. Instead, Butler and DiCaprio's minor weight fluctuations have come to represent a distinctly male freedom not to care about their appearances. In DiCaprio's case, it is mirrored in other aspects of his self-presentation: cargo shorts, goatee, one now famous Coachella high kick. This is off-duty Leo, whose look does not hinder his ability to later credibly portray J. Edgar Hoover.
If being in shape is part of an actor's job, only men truly get to take a vacation. While women stay thin for the fashion magazine covers they will need to appear on in order to promote the movie, Esquire waxes poetic about Vince Vaughn's “great golden acreage,” which, Chris Jones noted, has “probably been kissed by Jennifer Aniston.”
“The man doesn't just occupy airspace,” Jones wrote, “he fills it.”
Less literary outlets have not been so appreciative of the physiques of aging heartthrobs — the Keanu Reeveses and Val Kilmers of the world. But there's still something waggish and unbarbed about the remarks, as if their unflattering photographs were merely an occasion for tabloid writers to offload some puns. “What isn't Gilbert Grape eating?” TMZ wondered of “Leolardo DiFlabrio.”
At any rate, none of these men later break their silence about the emotional suffering the media scrutiny had caused them, as female celebrities so often do — albeit after they've quietly lost the weight, either with canyon hikes and lean protein or a name-brand program they're now promoting. For famous women, weight gain is still on some level a moral failure, sometimes offset by the moral victory of childbirth.
In fact, the more tabloids comment on men and women's weight in equal measure, the more they underscore the shame gap between them. On DiCaprio, extra pounds are incidental to his identity, no more or less damning than the hideous graphic T-shirts and newsboy caps he wears. For women like, say, Jessica Simpson, being photographed at a higher weight is so humiliating and intimate, it necessitates an emotional “weight loss journey,” to be sensitively discussed on a talk show couch later. (I think this is related to the phenomenon of men using social media to hold them publicly accountable to their diet and exercise plans, while my female friends maintain secret Fitblrs and diet Pinterest boards.)
Maybe increasing male body scrutiny will eventually cause men to share women's body-shame. I would rather women aspired to the utter shamelessness of Jason Trawick, a C-list celebrity and ex of Britney Spears. When TMZ mocked him for gaining weight on pizza and Popeye's, he tweeted back a slovenly, bare-belly selfie. “Thanks @tmz I needed this,” he wrote. “Started by diet/workout program today. C u in a month!”
Breach Preparedness , Cybersecurity , Data Breach
Massive 'Logjam' Flaw Discovered
Report: NSA Likely Exploited Flaw to Crack VPNs
Numerous websites, mail servers and other services - including virtual private networks as well as "all modern browsers" - that rely on Transport Layer Security have a 20-year-old flaw that could be exploited by an attacker "to read and modify any data passed over the connection."
See Also: Sunset of Windows Server 2008: Migrate with Docker
That warning was first sounded May 19 by a cross-national team of computer scientists, who have dubbed the related vulnerability "Logjam." After two months of behind-the-scenes effort, they have prepped related fixes for the vulnerability, which involves implementations of the Diffie-Hellman algorithm. But their fix, The Wall Street Journal reports, could soon make more than 20,000 websites unreachable.
"Diffie-Hellman key exchange is a popular cryptographic algorithm that allows Internet protocols to agree on a shared key and negotiate a secure connection. It is fundamental to many protocols including HTTPS, SSH, IPsec, SMTPS, and protocols that rely on TLS," the researchers say via a dedicated Logjam attack website that they have created. "We have uncovered several weaknesses in how Diffie-Hellman key exchange has been deployed."
The flaws were discovered by a team of computer scientists at Inria Nancy-Grand Est and Inria Paris-Rocquencourt in France, Microsoft Research, Johns Hopkins University, University of Michigan, and the University of Pennsylvania. They have released extensive technical details in a research paper titled Imperfect Forward Secrecy: How Diffie-Hellman Fails in Practice.
The researchers warn that based on their scans of the Internet, 8 percent of the world's 1 million most popular websites that use HTTPS - represented by a green padlock in browsers - are vulnerable to Logjam, as are 9 percent of POP-using email servers, and 8 percent of IMAP-using mail servers.
Resembles 'Freak' Flaw
The Logjam researchers say that the flaw resembles the SSL vulnerability known as Freak, which could be used by an attacker to force crypto suites to downgrade from using a "strong" RSA cipher to a weaker, "export-grade" RSA cipher. The Freak flaw was present in Apple, Android and Microsoft browsers, and resulted from the way they implemented TLS (see 'Freak' Flaw Also Affects Windows).
Unlike Freak, however, Logjam involves a "flaw in the TLS protocol rather than an implementation vulnerability, and attacks a Diffie-Hellman key exchange rather than an RSA key exchange," the researchers note.
"Like Freak, the Logjam vulnerability takes advantage of legacy encryption standards imposed in the 90's by the U.S. government and tricks servers into using weaker 512-bit keys which can be decrypted easily," Ken Westin, a senior security analyst at security firm Tripwire, says in a blog post. "The vulnerability affects any server supporting DHE_EXPORT ciphers and all modern browsers."
How Nation States Eavesdrop?
The Logjam researchers warn that this flaw can be - and likely has been - exploited by "state-level adversaries," such as the U.S. National Security Agency, and that more than just 512-bit keys are at risk. "Millions of HTTPS, SSH and VPN servers all use the same prime numbers for Diffie-Hellman key exchange," they say. "Practitioners believed this was safe as long as new key exchange messages were generated for every connection. However, the first step in the number field sieve - the most efficient algorithm for breaking a Diffie-Hellman connection - is dependent only on this prime. After this first step, an attacker can quickly break individual connections."
Based on the researchers' tests, 80 percent of sites that now use the most common 512-bit prime for TLS can have their connections downgraded and intercepted. The researchers also believe that an "academic team" could break a 768-bit prime, and that a nation state could break a 1024-bit prime. They add that 18 percent of the world's most popular 1 million websites use the same 1024-bit prime, and thus would be most susceptible to "passive eavesdropping" attacks. Meanwhile, cracking the second most popular 1024-bit prime would allow for eavesdropping on 66 percent of the world's VPN servers and 26 percent of all SSH servers.
"A close reading of published NSA leaks shows that the agency's attacks on VPNs are consistent with having achieved such a break," the researchers say. "Moving to stronger key exchange methods should be a priority for the Internet community."
What to Do
In the short term, anyone who runs a Web or mail server "should disable support for export cipher suites and generate a unique 2048-bit Diffie-Hellman group," the researchers say, noting that they have published a Guide to Deploying Diffie-Hellman for TLS that includes step-by-step instructions. "If you use SSH, you should upgrade both your server and client installations to the most recent version of OpenSSH, which prefers Elliptic-Curve Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange."
All systems administrators and developers should "make sure any TLS libraries you use are up-to-date and that you reject Diffie-Hellman Groups smaller than 1024-bit," the researchers add.
Patches Still Arriving
Browser makers have also been working to address Logjam. Patches for supported versions of Microsoft's Internet Explorer were reportedly released last week, but updates for Google Chrome - including Android Browser, Mozilla Firefox, and Apple Safari - do not yet appear to have been released, and may still take some time to arrive, penetration testing expert Dan Kaminsky, chief scientist of White Ops, says via Twitter.
@EllieAsksWhy it's an ugly one. We're gonna have to be a bit patient here. ï¿½ Dan Kaminsky (@dakami) May 20, 2015
Regardless, security experts recommend users keep an eye out for all related updates. "For now, ensure you have the most recent version of your browser installed, and check for updates frequently," Brad Duncan, Rackspace security researcher and SANS Institute Internet Storm Center handler, says in a blog post.
New But 'Old' Bug
Security researchers report that Logjam has existed in TLS for 20 years, making it yet another "old bug" to have been newly found. It follows the discovery in January of the GHOST flaw, which has existed since 2000 (see Serious 'GHOST' Flaw Puts Linux at Risk). In 2014, meanwhile, three other serious, old bugs were discovered: Heartbleed in OpenSSL, the POODLE SSL flaw, and the Bash command-line flaw known as Shellshock.
But even after related fixes get released, numerous businesses and consumers do not apply them. Indeed, about 4,000 of the world's 1 million most popular websites remain vulnerable to Heartbleed, researchers at the University of Michigan tell The Wall Street Journal, despite related fixes having been released more than a year ago.
Hannibal introduced a new brand of horror this week in the form of Francis Dolarhyde, a lonely film-processing technician overcome by the urge to slaughter entire families in their homes. But according to his portrayer Richard Armitage, he wasn't initially convinced he was the right man for the role.
“The idea of taking on a character that does such appalling things has always been a worry for me,” Armitage explains. “I'm very conscious of what we depict on television, and it would've been a dealbreaker had I been asked to actually commit those crimes on film, to portray those scenes in the graphic detail that Thomas Harris describes in his novels. Had that been the case, it would've been someone else playing this character.”
Ultimately, though, creator Bryan Fuller convinced Armitage that Hannibal‘s “Red Dragon” arc would be more about “the exploration of a man who looks like you or me, who has the potential for falling in love, but who has trodden a path which has led him to this awful state of anxiety, to this place where he is taking these families' lives,” the actor continues. “I felt that that exploration was going to be interesting because ultimately, casting judgement on what people like Dolarhyde do is very easy, but to actually attempt to understand and empathize with someone that goes to that place is more difficult.”
TVLine caught up with Armitage to dish the most memorable moments of his initial Hannibal installment and to tease what viewers can expect from his arc over the coming weeks.
TVLINE | The first impression we get of Francis is someone who is completely tortured and conflicted. Even in the moment where he's exiting the crime scene covered in blood, the horror in his own eyes is palpable. How did you come to play him in that way?
It was an organic process. We always had the novel to refer to, so everything that I found really came from Thomas Harris' books, Bryan [Fuller] and my own interpretation. One of the things in my first episode that I found so interesting is that this man is so alone in the world, so isolated. There was a rejection in his childhood because of his disfigurement and because his character was orphaned; he was raised by his grandmother and abused by step-siblings.
But when we find him in this world, he works in a very isolated environment in the film-processing laboratory, and he lives alone. Thomas Harris describes him as having only set foot in two other people's houses in his entire life — and certainly no one has ever come into his world. But for someone that is so alone, his mind is so busy and full of things. He has the subject matter of the films that he's studying. He has voices in his head. He's haunted by so many different things, like his mind is so far from silent, and that to me was something which was fascinating.
TVLINE | Your first episode is essentially wordless — which means much of what we learn about Dolarhyde is in the initial sequence of him doing physical exercises and contorting his body. There's a sense he's transforming into something else in that moment. Walk me through all that.
Yes, it's really interesting the way it takes a long time before you hear Francis speak. He's a man who is so uncomfortable in his skin, who is somehow at odds with his outer body and is almost outgrowing his physical form. So you see that conversation happening physically before you hear it verbally. And actually, for someone that has such trouble speaking and forming words, the first time we hear him speak is in Episode 9, and it's a struggle. It's really like baby steps when he speaks. And as an audience, we see him before we hear him, so we have a real sense of who he is or who he's becoming and what it is that he's pressing against or running away from.
TVLINE | What did you have to do to transform your own physique and your own way of moving your body to get in touch with the character?
Obviously, I read the book, and he's described as a bodybuilder. So, before I got up to Toronto, I was in the gym doing intense workout sessions, since we needed to fill him out in the way that Harris wanted. But I also found something in the book where he's described as moving in a very stylized way. Harris describes him as a Balinese dancer, so when he's committing his crimes, I understood to be something of a performance for himself, that he's trying to somehow be theatrical in his approach.
I couldn't work out what that was, but then I stumbled on a Japanese form of a physical expression, an artistic art form called Butoh, which is sometimes called the Dance of Death. It's a biological observation of the body in extremis, which I thought was perfect for this scenario. And so I used a lot of that. I also used some stress positions that I'd been working with previously on The Crucible, because I felt like the character was putting himself through something rather than changing himself for vanity sake. He's wanting to torture his own body.
What you see in the opening exercise sequence, though, I put a metronome on in the room and just worked for 20 to 30 minutes, distorting my body and doing these exercises, and the crew just kept on filming.
TVLINE | In this episode, we get to see Dolarhyde after his second murder, out in the snow, covered in blood splatter. And there's also that twisted but sort of artful scene where your character gets wrapped up in a film reel and is in this intense state of panic. How much of those moments were actually filmed organically versus post-production manipulation?
The filming in the snow was actually one of my first shots in the entire series, and it was about 17 below outside, a very cold night shoot. Very little of that is post-production. They used a sugar blood that stains black and thankfully, they heated it beforehand.
The scene with the celluloid wrapped around Dolarhyde's head is a combination of digital work and some practical stuff. They did create a fake head. And they also wrapped celluloid around my head and we filmed it again. It was a bit of an exploration of literally, physically getting tangled up in his world of celluloid. It's Bryan's imagination at work in the best way, you know.
TVLINE | Looking forward to the coming weeks, how freaky-scary should we expect this arc to get? And knowing Francis is about to embark on a romance of sorts with a character played by True Blood's Rutina Wesley, how will that work? What can you tease?
You know what, we really do honor the book, and so you see the full extent of that tragic love story. To me, really, the crimes aside — and remember, I never actually had to portray any of the crimes, so I suppose I compartmentalized them — Dolarhyde and Reba represent a tragic, romantic love story, which really doesn't end well and escalates into a Shakespearian opera of the proportions that Thomas Harris really explores in the novel.
Ventriloquist Jerry Etherson (Cliff Robertson) is performing an act with his dummy Willie in a small club in New York City. At the end of the act, Willie seems to bite Jerry's hand, and after he goes back to his dressing room he finds teeth marks on his finger. He begins to drink from a liquor bottle he'd hidden in a drawer. His agent, Frank, comes in and is upset that Jerry has resumed drinking. Jerry tells Frank, as he has numerous times before, that Willie is alive. Frank does not believe Jerry and has already pushed him into getting psychiatric help. Jerry is convinced that further psychiatric sessions would be redundant and that the only solution is to get rid of Willie and perform with a different dummy, "Goofy Goggles", from now on. He quickly comes up with new material for Goofy Goggles and locks Willie in a trunk.
After the second act, Jerry refuses to comply with the owner's wish that he and his dummy mingle with the audience. His agent considers this the last straw and quits, saying that Jerry's behavior, in particular what he sees as his delusional belief that Willie is alive, are keeping him from being a star. Jerry tells Frank he is leaving for Kansas City to get away from Willie. After leaving the theater, Jerry hears Willie's voice following him wherever he goes, and sees his shadow on a wall. No one else can hear Willie, apparently confirming Frank's belief that Jerry is suffering from delusional fear.
Jerry runs back into the theater. He goes into the dark dressing room, opens the trunk, throws the dummy on the floor, and smashes it. But when he turns on the light, he realizes that he destroyed the Goofy Goggles dummy instead of Willie. He can't understand how he could have been mistaken. He then sees Willie sitting on the couch, talking to him and laughing at him. Willie tells him that it was he, Jerry, who made him alive. Realizing the truth, Jerry lowers his head as Willie cackles crazily.
The scene cuts to a man in Kansas City announcing the next act, "Jerry & Willie". The ventriloquist is actually Willie, and he is holding Jerry, who has been turned into a dummy.
Dear Shadow Guide,
The enemy may now lay claim to your quarry, but he is still of great value to our cause. Our adversary, whom he now calls Lord, is not a realist. Idealism is the weakness of His kingdom. This specific prey of yours has a proclivity toward our utilitarian skepticism. Shadow Guide, you are a proven specialist in manipulating the antagonist's illegitimates to mistrust consistently His care and pledges. Do what you do best — lead him into the enlightened suspicion of the shadows.
A beautiful cynicism usually overtakes all of our own who are forced to live under His unwanted and undemocratic reign. As they discover that nothing in His inadequate creation is of lasting worth, they curse Him and His existence with adherence to a splendid existential futility. However, this ploy will not be useful now that your man has left our great cause. The enemy is teaching him that complete fulfillment cannot be attained through satisfying his physical appetites.
Even so, you now have an opportunity to lead him to an even greater cynicism. When he prays in a time of dire need, his self-centered benefactor will sometimes refuse to answer in the way he desires. Be constant in reminding him that He who claims to care really doesn't and that his so-called Father has left him alone in his agony. Keep him focused on the immediate as his patron seeks to justify Himself with some promise of future good from present suffering. Your goal is to keep him from conversation with the One he once believed was omnipotent and loving. With a bitter cynicism he will gradually arrive at a hopelessness that will constantly question the goodness of his maker and supposed redeemer. Eventually, you will bring him to look at the Son's sacrifice - that which our enemy considers His greatest act of love - and, even there, his despair will rule.
He will become the cynic who refuses to be a sycophant to his stepparent and one who bears testimony to earth and heaven that He is inadequate. As one of their own, your prey will effect even more damage than he could have if he had remained with us.
Your Master,
Legion
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dismaland in Weston-super-Mare opens to the public
Hundreds of people have queued for "on the door" tickets to a new Banksy show in Weston-super-Mare.
Thousands struggled to get online tickets to Dismaland, a dark theme park, which is open for five weeks at the seaside resort.
A "locals only" free ticket day was held on Friday, but the ticket website crashed when it received more than six million hits.
General tickets are due to go on sale online again on Tuesday.
Doors opened just after 11:00 BST on Saturday. Many queued overnight in order to guarantee entry into the show.
Image caption A derelict fairytale castle is one of the attractions at the site
A message on the Dismaland website said "due to unprecedented demand" it was unable to process online ticket sales, and Saturday and Sunday tickets, costing £3, would only be available on the door.
The site has capacity for 2,000 people, and after that is reached, it will be one in, one out, organisers said.
Image caption Hundreds queued for £3 tickets in order to be among the first into Dismaland
BBC News correspondent Andrew Plant, who is at Dismaland, said the queue was taking about 4 hours.
Ticket woes
Fans have been pondering whether their frustration in failing to buy tickets is in fact part of the "Dismaland experience".
The UKBusinessInsider has questioned the functionality of the Dismaland website, which also shows an upside down supermarket trolley.
At Dismaland: Andrew Plant, BBC correspondent
Queuing is the only way to see Dismaland today. The ticket website is offline until Tuesday.
So hundreds of people started waiting early this morning to pay their £3 and get inside.
By 10:00 BST, there were 2000 people in the line, which snakes round temporary metal fences and looks like the queues for X-factor auditions.
They're called in in groups of ten every few minutes, and then disappear into the double-doors that mark the start of the Dismaland experience.
One family I talked to had rung their relative in Grenoble as soon as they heard about the exhibition. That relative took a plane from the Alps to Luton airport, then a train, then a bus overnight, arriving here at 4am.
When I asked them why, they said simply: "It's a once in a lifetime opportunity. There was no question about making the journey."
So far the queue is taking about 4 hours. It's sunny today and people seem happy.
But there's rain forecast for the next few days, and that is a long time to stand and get wet.
North Somerset Council said it was trying to establish if the difficulty in getting tickets online was a real problem or a deliberate ploy by Banksy.
John Brandler, an art dealer who collects and sells work by Banksy, said it was likely to put off visitors from further afield.
"Where we are, I'm from London, it's a minimum of £80 on a train. To turn up and then find you can't get a ticket, is that good for Weston? I don't think so. I think people will really get annoyed," Mr Brandler said.
However Mike Jackson, the leader of North Somerset Council, was confident people would still flock to the show.
Image caption The council is confident the exhibition attractions will give Weston a £6m boost
"The queue is already building nicely here, we've estimated the economic benefit (for Weston) is at least £6m, there's a real buzz about the town.
"Virtually everyone you've spoken to here in the town is really excited about this," Mr Jackson told Radio Bristol.
Social media platforms have been awash with speculation that the difficult ticketing was part of the show, where the audience is also part of the art.
Michele Marie tweeted: "I firmly believe the whole debacle was part of the show2, while Paul Vassos tweeted: "To all the punters... ever get the feeling you've been had?"
Dismaland features work by more than 50 artists, including Damien Hirst, Jenny Holzer, Jimmy Cauty and Bristol-born Banksy, who says he chose the venue himself after walking past the old lido six months ago, which had been closed since 2000.
Among the exhibits are a distorted mermaid, a dilapidated fairy castle and a boat pond where all the boats are filled with models of migrants, as well as paintings and a beach ball hovering above upturned knives.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How Banksy Dismaland was made dismal
Many are twists on traditional fairground rides - such as a coconut shy featuring anvils, instead of coconuts. Banksy described the show as a "family theme park unsuitable for children".
The amount of Chinese investment in a Moscow-Kazan high-speed rail project will stand at 104 billion rubles, a source in the group drafting an appropriate memorandum told Interfax on Friday.
The amount of Chinese investment in a Moscow-Kazan high-speed rail project will stand at 104 billion rubles, a source in the group drafting an appropriate memorandum told Interfax on Friday.
"The memorandum, which is expected to be signed between the Russian Transport Ministry, the National Development and Reform Commission of the People's Republic of China and RZD (Russian Railways, MOEX: RZHD), envisages the Chinese side's investment in the Moscow-Kazan high-speed railroad amounting to 104 billion rubles," he said.
However, Russia and China have so far refused to offer any official comments concerning the possible size of China's contribution to this project.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
Most of the innovations in financial services industry, including insurance, are coming through leaders who are very new to the industry or come from outside the financial industry. The growing demands of SaaS (Software-as-a-Service), IaaS (Infrastructure-as-a-Service) and PaaS (Platform-as-a-Service) might give birth to industry-specific services and platforms in a very close future with solutions such as BaaS (Banking-as-a-Service) and BaaP (Banking-as-a-Platform).
The correlation between income and access to formal financial services is still very strong in today's world, however, this landscape is now changing with incumbents and mobile/internet innovators now integrating with main-stream banking systems through central banks regulatory frameworks, which are now becoming more flexible globally, and extended by FinTech service providers, which are pushing hard to change the world of financial services. Entrepreneurs are leading a pack of disrupters, most of them raised in the shadow of companies like Sqaure, PayPal, Fidor Bank, Moven, Prosper and other, who wants to change the business model of banks and financial institutions forever.
The “unbundling” of financial services has become something imminent and has been deeply transforming the industry, as shown in the chart below:
Marco Antonio Cavallo
As it has been reported largely by many research companies and specialized channels, the large amount of insurgent financial technology companies (FinTechs) are deeply disrupting the traditional banking services industry around the globe as never seen before, making available to the market a wide assortment of innovative plug-and-play, multi-channel and easy-to-use banking solutions. And theses new offerings, including digital wallets, wealth management, peer-to-peer (P2P) lending and payment offerings, are increasingly becoming favorites to banks and other financial institutions consumers. In order to retain and keep wallet share, banks and financial must rethink the future of service delivery that they currently offer, in a way that transcends new technology adoption. Banks must think progressively and embrace a strategic and operational approach that is capable to deliver services across different channels in an innovated and personalized way so banks can to strongly state to their customers that they know them, hear them and understand their needs, as well as they are fully capable to deliver within the constraints of an ever-demanding regulatory landscape.
With Banking as a Service (BaaS), radically shift from building and managing financial solutions to assemblers of consumer-driven financial management tools and related offerings, which provide banks a solid path to compete in this fast-mutating market. BaaS makes banks able to accelerate their time to market into new environments and rapidly meet the needs and expectations of digital consumers, but moving to BaaS is not something easy, once banks must be willing to unlock their data and application services to partners, such as FinTechs and other third- party developers, through standardized and open APIs (Application Programming Interfaces), as well as plug-and-play within new emerging platforms in which they are not the actual owners of the customer experience and relationship, which is a complete new mentality to banks and their traditional business model.
This rather extreme transformation must be considered over a continuum of time and is predicated on the bank's appetite for risk and digital business maturity following some steps to be successfully implemented, starting as an exploratory venture, then moving to an open API platform selection and expansion, transforming its core process and finally evolving into a fully comprehensive BaaS model, and all this process should have as a premise the items below:
Preparing, adapting or building a solid API-led ecosystem;
Choose and formulate the most suitable API strategy;
Selecting partners that are in line with your company's market and customer strategy;
Building strong partnerships with FinTechs and independent software developers to support and monetize APIs;
Have a change management strategy in place to implement and keep moving BaaS forward within your company;
Ensure the strategic alignment between business objectives and your BaaS project.
If banks are able to successfully implement BaaS, they can evolve from being just a mere peripheral institution in the digital age and become an important broker that enables many different benefits for consumers and partners across the digital value chain, expanding their partners' customer base, enhancing innovation and creating new revenue sources.
The traditional approach that most mainstream retail and commercial banks have adopted is now suffering a strong competition from all sides. Banks have always conducted end-to-end service delivery by integrating experience, processes and products, but the recent consumer centricity that is taking over the market and the born-digital FinTechs are providing the market with significant customer experiences by accessing application services and data across financial services providers, just to mention one of the so many trends that are now influencing the rise of BaaS. The chart below sums up a few of these key market trends:
Marco Antonio Cavallo
In order for banks to survive in this new market order they must deeply reshape their value proposition. BaaS is now emerging as a new business model and an efficient competitive toolkit, and this business model includes many important items, but among those, banks such focus on the three below:
Shifting to financial management solutions assemblers : an efficient BaaS implementation strategy focus strongly on componentized capabilities that enables any type of plug-and-play operation, resulting banks to become assemblers of tailor-made financial management solutions, built in order to meet the fast-changing customer needs and expectations. By adopting the componentization methodologies, banks will also experience better standardization and cost reduction.
an efficient BaaS implementation strategy focus strongly on componentized capabilities that enables any type of plug-and-play operation, resulting banks to become assemblers of tailor-made financial management solutions, built in order to meet the fast-changing customer needs and expectations. By adopting the componentization methodologies, banks will also experience better standardization and cost reduction. Open banking APIs orientation : BaaS aims on the delivery of innovative customer-oriented solutions through the opening of banks' traditional capabilities and assets, and APIs are the foundational item for provisioning BaaS, assisting and stimulating traditional players to leap into digitization. APIs enable banks to share data with internal developers, partners and third-parties, such as FinTechs, which then manipulate this data to build valuable service offerings, including mobile payment applications, peer-to-peer lending solutions, analytical dashboards among other solutions.
BaaS aims on the delivery of innovative customer-oriented solutions through the opening of banks' traditional capabilities and assets, and APIs are the foundational item for provisioning BaaS, assisting and stimulating traditional players to leap into digitization. APIs enable banks to share data with internal developers, partners and third-parties, such as FinTechs, which then manipulate this data to build valuable service offerings, including mobile payment applications, peer-to-peer lending solutions, analytical dashboards among other solutions. Innovation and customer centricity focus: In order to provide a more innovative and customer-driven offer, banks must provide consumable capabilities and data to external and internal partners, such as a virtual intelligent banking assistant, spurring a multiplier effect for growing the customer base and revenue sources, while simultaneously reducing costs.
It's clear that there are many benefits in BaaS and in creating an API ecosystem. By doing so, banks become capable to better explore external innovation through data and logic exposed through open APIs, as well as use such capabilities to develop and new offerings and improve customer experience, customer loyalty and wallet share. Banks will also find new revenue sources and acquire new customers, specially the so-called digital natives seeking more innovative offerings. BaaS model improves significantly banks' ability to respond better and faster to the ever-changing market conditions and shifting customer demands. But there is a risk component for banks when adopting BaaS, including loss of control over customer engagement, consumer base fragmentation and the erosion of bank-led product innovation, making it necessary for banks to properly manage and follow up such outcomes to meet and achieve their business objectives and goals.
Days are not far when we will see a fully digital bank designed to enable a wide range of FinTech services running through BaaS. The impact of BaaS will only grow, as banks continue to focus on consumer needs, expectations and technology-enabled capabilities, as well as innovate to level up the competition. In order to survive the digital age, stay relevant, keep market share and maintain an industry presence, banks must embrace BaaS.
Related Video
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
Why the media became less free in America, the Middle East, and China, but freer in Africa
Police officers shove freelance photographer Andrew Kelly to the ground while he's taking pictures of demonstrators affiliated with the Occupy Wall Street movement / AP
Here are a few of the countries that, according to watchdog Reporters Without Borders, currently enjoy greater press freedom than the United States: Ghana, South Africa, El Salvador, Niger, Mali, Jamaica, Slovakia, Uruguay, and virtually all of the developed world, from Western Europe to East Asia. Out of 179 countries, the U.S., which found independence and democracy on the back of the printing press, is now the 47th most free. Fortunately, we are still ranked ahead of Latvia and Haiti, though just barely.
Reporters Without Borders' just-out World Press Freedom Index, which uses a complex point system to track and compare journalistic freedoms, describes a number of countries eroding those rights in the past year, including the U.S. Our own ranking dropped to 47th place from 20th the year before. According to the report, the decline came as police cracked down on journalists who were covering mass gatherings, often as part of the "occupy" movements. Here are the Reporters Without Borders report:
The crackdown on protest movements and the accompanying excesses took their toll on journalists. In the space of two months in the United States, more than 25 were subjected to arrests and beatings at the hands of police who were quick to issue indictments for inappropriate behaviour, public nuisance or even lack of accreditation.
Just Wednesday, the New York Times complained that New York City police have been physically obstructing photographers to prevent them from documenting arrests. Representatives from 13 different news organizations signed a letter deploring police restrictions on the media.
Affordable Juice, Great Flavors
All 30ml Juice Only $6.99 » Great Vapor production
» Most flavorful juices available
» Great prices on all 30ml juice sizes
» Redeemable coupon codes weekly
» All juices always in stock
» Pharmaceutical grade PG/VG base mixtures
» EJuice givaways
» Customer order history for easy Re-orders
» Original juices, hand blended recipes
» Earn points when ordering and reviewing juices
» On Sale Juices all the time
Our Flavors Taste So Real Each and every one of our specialty ejuices taste just like the real thing! You won't have to guess which one you're vaping ever again. You will love each of our flavors and will be back for more. Best Price & Value We offer each and every customer the best price and value available anywhere. All 30ml sizes of any flavor only $6.99. You'll Save money and enjoy quality! -Ya can't beat that-
Pre Steeped Juices Each and every one of our specialty flavored Ejuices are pre-steeped. Steeping allows the flavors to mingle together and marinate over time for a smooth genuine taste experience. Nicotine Or Not You can now order your favorite flavors with or without Nicotine. Quitting smoking is only part of the goal. Now you can be Nicotine Free. Enjoy nicotine free juices, you'll be glad you did, the choice is yours.
By Suzanne | July 10, 2011
We've just closed out the first half of 2011, and at a time like this I think it's always nice to look back and give ourselves a pat on the back for all the good work. Not to mention—for you dedicated readers, and you bookstores stocking our books, it's a good chance to look back and make sure you haven't missed anything.
We would be remiss not to say a big THANK YOU to the Friends of AK Press for your continued support. We couldn't do it without you! If you're not already a Friend of AK Press and you like what you see here, please consider signing up. We've already got another great season of books in the works—beginning with Bifo's After the Future, David Price's Weaponizing Anthropology, Abel Paz's Story of the Iron Column, our long-awaited Colin Ward Reader, and Captive Genders! Sign up now and you'll get them all, and more…
——
AK PRESS NEW RELEASES—First Half of 2011:
Fear of the Animal Planet: The Hidden History of Animal Resistance
Jason Hribal
In the most provocative book on animal rights since Peter Singer's Animal Liberation, historian Jason Hribal argues persuasively that escapes and attacks by animals in captivity are deliberate, that the animals are acting with intent, and that they are asserting their own desires for freedom. Fear of the Animal Planet is a harrowing, and curiously uplifting, chronicle of resistance against the captivity and torture of animals.
“Yellow Kid” Weil: The Autobiography of America's Master Swindler
J.R. “Yellow Kid” Weil, as told to W.T. Brannan
The latest addition to our popular Nabat Series! Bilked bankers, grifted gamblers, and swindled spinsters: welcome to the world of confidence men. You'll marvel at the elaborate schemes developed by The Yellow Kid: fixed horse races, bad real-estate deals, and even a money-making machine! Dozens of schemes are laid out in full detail, told with wit and style—you won't be able to put it down!
Oppose and Propose: Lessons from Movement for a New Society
Andrew Cornell
The second book in the Anarchist Interventions series, co-published with the Institute for Anarchist Studies!
Many ways of doing radical politics pioneered by Movement for a New Society in the 1970s and 1980s have become central to anti-authoritarian social movements: consensus decision making, spokescouncils, communal living, unlearning oppressive behavior, and co-operatively owned businesses. Andrew Cornell uses the story of the Movement for a New Society to raise crucial questions for activists today.
Property Is Theft!: A Pierre-Joseph Proudhon Reader
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon's social and economic ideas have been a source of inspiration and debate since 1840. Mikhail Bakunin called Proudhon “the master of us all,” while for Peter Kropotkin he laid “the foundations of anarchism.” Property Is Theft! collects his most important works in one (giant!) volume, making many available in English for the first time. Extensively annotated and introduced by editor Iain McKay (author of An Anarchist FAQ)!
Marshall Law: The Life and Times of a Baltimore Black Panther
Marshall “Eddie” Conway & Dominque Stevenson
In 1970, the feds framed Eddie Conway for the murder of a Baltimore City Police officer. Forty years later, still incarcerated for a crime he didn't commit, Eddie Conway continues to resist. Marshall Law is a poignant story of strength and struggle. From his childhood in inner-city Baltimore to his political awakening in the military, from the rise of the Black Panther Party to the sham trial, the realities of prison life, escape attempts, labor organizing on the inside, and beyond, Eddie's autobiography is a reminder that we all share the responsibility of resistance, no matter where we are.
Zapatista Spring: Anatomy of a Rebel Water Project & the Lessons of International Solidarity
Ramor Ryan
Eight volunteers converge to help campesinos build a water system in Chiapas—a strategy to bolster the Zapatista insurgency by helping locals to assert their autonomy. These outsiders come to question the movement they've traveled so far to support—and each other—when forced into a world so unlike the poetic communiqués of Subcomandante Marcos; a world of endemic rural poverty, parochialism, and shifting loyalties to the movement. From the author of Clandestines!
The Right to Be Lazy: Essays by Paul Lafargue
Paul Lafargue
At once a masterpiece of critical theory and rip-roaring radical humor, this is one of the most spirited attacks on the notion of the “work ethic” ever to be published! This collection also includes four of Paul Lafargue's lesser-known critiques, as well as a biographical sketch by Wobbly organizer Fred Thompson,and a new introduction by editor Bernard Marszalek. Released in collaboration with Kerr Company to celebrate their 125th anniversary year, and including a tribute to Kerr by labor journalist Kari Lydersen.
Revolt and Crisis in Greece: Between a Present Yet to Pass and a Future Still to Come
Edited by Antonis Vradis & Dimitris Dalakoglou
How does a revolt come about and what does it leave behind? This timely new volume traces Greece's long moment of transition from the revolt of 2008 to the economic crisis that followed. In its twenty chapters, authors from around the world—including those on the ground in Greece—analyze how December became possible, exploring its legacies, the position of the social antagonist movement in face of the economic crisis and the arrival of the IMF, and the potentialities that have opened up in face of the crisis.
I Mix What I Like!: A Mixtape Manifesto
Jared A. Ball
In a moment of increasing corporate control in the music industry, where three major labels call the shots on which artists are heard and seen, Jared Ball analyzes the colonization and control of popular music and posits the homemade hip-hop mixtape as an emancipatory tool for community resistance. Blending together elements from internal colonialism theory, cultural studies, political science, and his own experience on the mic, Jared suggests that the low-tech hip-hop mixtape may be one of the best weapons we have against Empire.
Peace, Love & Petrol Bombs: A Novel
D.D. Johnston
Wayne Foster is fed up. How long can you work in a dead-end job as a full-time burger-flipper in a small town in Scotland before you start to wonder what comes next? Add a likeable geek with a love of Karl Marx, an angry French anarchist, and a country schoolteacher's daughter in search of excitement, and soon you'll have a rebellion on your hands. Rife with dry wit and disaffected humor, Peace, Love & Petrol Bombs is the modern working-class novel, and the perfect antidote to “serious” political fiction.
Be Sociable, Share!
Topics: AK News | No Comments »
Comments
You must be logged in to post a comment.
NBC10's Randy Gyllenhaal is outside St. Luke's Hospital in Lehigh County where a Pennsylvania State Police corporal is being treated for gunshot wounds after a traffic stop went bad. The trooper pulled over the suspect for speeding. When the driver was suspected of a DUI, he turned aggressive and shot the officer, investigators said.
Click here for updates the day after the shooting.
What started as a routine traffic stop in Northampton County Tuesday morning ended with a Pennsylvania State Police corporal shot three times and a suspect in custody, state police said.
Daniel Khalil Clary, 22, is charged with attempted murder of a law enforcement officer, aggravated assault and other related offenses, according to the Northampton County District Attorney.
The ordeal unfolded shortly before 11 a.m. in Plainfield Township on PA State Route 33 near State Route 191 when a trooper pulled over a Pontiac sedan for speeding.
The trooper returned to his car assuming the exchange was over, but the driver, identified by officials as Clary, got out of his car and flagged the trooper to approach, police said.
Suspect Accused of Shooting State Trooper Identified
Officials released the identity of the man accused of shooting a Pennsylvania State Trooper Tuesday. NBC10 also obtained video of part of the incident. NBC10's Aaron Baskerville has the details. (Published Wednesday, Nov. 8, 2017)
When the trooper again talked to Clary, he became suspicious the suspect was under the influence of drugs or alcohol, state police said.
The corporal, who has not been identified, advised Clary to remain on the scene while he called for backup. A second trooper arrived on the scene and two officers proceeded to do a field sobriety test on the driver, according to state police.
The officers determined they had probable cause to arrest Clary, but instead of cooperating, he began to "violently resist," state police said. The confrontation continued to escalate from there.
State police described the scene as a "knock-down, drag-out fight on the side of the road with cars speeding by them."
Clary allegedly wrestled free from the officers, ran back to this car, grabbed a gun and started firing on the two troopers. They returned fire. One trooper was hit three times and airlifted in critical condition to St. Luke's University Hospital in Bethlehem. He remains stable in the intensive care unit, state police said.
Clary was also hit by gunfire. He drove himself to Easton Hospital and was later transported to Lehigh Valley Hospital's Cedar Crest campus. He also was in surgery Tuesday afternoon and is currently in stable condition.
"The thoughts of every Pennsylvania State Police employee are with our wounded member at this time," said Commissioner Tyree C. Blocker.
After Clary arrived at Easton, police blocked off the entrance to the hospital and diverted patients to other medical centers.
Photo credit: SkyForce10
Route 33 was shut down in both directions during the investigation. Traffic on nearby State Route 22 was backed up for miles, according to a NBC10 photographer near the scene.
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf and Sen. Bob Casey tweeted their support for the trooper.
Photos: Pa. State Corporal Shot
Graham Alexander is a musician, composer and entrepreneur who started off his business like many musicians – by forming his band of nearly 15 years. Their commitment to touring and their history at such a young age led to Graham Alexander & Co. In 2008 Graham formed LAIR Media as a parent company for the ventures of the touring production, as well as the administration of his own publishing rights. Through LAIR, he eventually formed a recording division which established studios in NJ for commercial recording production.
After acquiring many former long sold brands from GE's casted-off RCA portfolio, Graham reorganized Radio Corporation of America as their parent company returning it to Camden, NJ. In 2014, Graham merged his production and administration facilities while developing products for the company's Victor Talking Machine Co., Victrola, His Master's Voice, and Little Nipper brands.
What sort of education is needed to secure a good job in business management?
“My formal business education extends to absolutely loving great music, composition, and production of product and then finding a way to make those things come together in the marketplace which isn't as crowded as you'd think.”
What is the most challenging aspect of being a business manager?
“Starting! I would say starting is the hardest part – it is an incredibly daunting idea to manage the collective data of every aspect of a business and if you love the business you are in – it's an emotional attachment as well.”
After graduation, how hard was it to transition to the actual working world?
“I was doing sound design, production, and performance full-time. I followed what I loved to do and looked for things that related to it. I always thought outside the box of one interest – but not outside its general scope. I loved music …but that didn't end at playing it, writing it, singing it… I wanted to do anything and everything in entertainment.”
What advice would you give someone who is pursuing a career in this field?
“Make sure you love it – take risks and when possible invest in yourself and in a business. Additionally – remember that no business started off without some kind of support. I don't care if it's a $300 loan from your grandmother – or you have to work to make that $300 at Sally's 8th birthday party singing songs you might not like to keep in mind the goal of the business you are seeking to establish or grow and try to never feel ‘too tired' or like there is something that is ‘too complex' – most of the time most everything that seems too complicated is quite imaginary.”
Christina Thompson is a freelance writer living in Philadelphia. Her work can be found at Examiner.com.
Weekend Bundle Deals
This weekend we have three bundle deals that focus on the DCS: NEVADA Test and Training Range Map and three great Belsimtek modules. Each bundle is $59.99 USD and will be available starting today at 1500 GMT and will last until 28 August at 0900 GMT.
Find these and all special offers here.
New US Trains for DCS: NEVADA Test and Training Range Map
Although we have inner-city commuter trains in the Nevada map, we've lacked the inclusion of long-haul trains. Our team has been working on resolving this absent feature. We've included several images of the new train cars and locomotive coming to the DCS: NEVADA Test and Training Range Map.
These will also be useful for future DCS World maps based in the United States.
Purchase the DCS: NEVADA Test and Training Range Map here.
DCS: Strait of Hormuz Map
In parallel with updating the Caucasus map, our map teams have been busy with the DCS: Strait of Hormuz Map. The team is making great progress with completing all of the airfields, adding additional details to the towns and cities, and refining the terrain details. Combined with the new lighting and rendering system, we are increasingly happy with the look and feel of this map. We continue to strive to make this map a close approximation of this region as possible.
Here are three images of the current state of this map.
Scanning electron microscopy of two isolated Mollivirus particles. Credit:PNAS However, the authors of the study said that "the fact that two different viruses could be easily revived from prehistoric permafrost should be of concern in [the] context of global warming". In their paper, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science , the researchers wrote: "Our finding suggests that prehistory 'live' viruses are not a rare occurrence." Further, they warn "we cannot rule out that distant viruses of ancient Siberian human populations could re-emerge as Arctic permafrost layers melt and/or are disrupted by industrial activities". One of the researchers, Jean-Michel Claverie, said: "Some viral particles which are still infectious can, in the presence of a receptive host, [lead to] the resurgence of potentially pathogenic viruses in Arctic regions". He said that climate change is making the Arctic region more accessible for the extraction of mineral and oil resources, which could further expose such viruses. "If we are not careful, and we industrialise these areas without putting safeguards in place, we run the risk of one day waking up viruses such as smallpox that we thought were eradicated," Professor Claverie told Agence-France Presse.
Mollivirus particle at a late assembly stage. Credit:PNAS M. sibericum is the fourth giant virus discovered. The first of the giant viruses, Mimivirus, was found in 2003. The second family of giant viruses, the Pandoravirus, was found in 2013 in a pond in suburban Melbourne, at La Trobe University in Bundoora. Edward Holmes, a professor of infectious diseases and biosecurity at the University of Sydney, was cautious of the findings. Microbiologist Professor Ben Cocks in 2013 at the La Trobe University pond where the Pandoravirus was found. Credit:Ken Irwin "What's interesting [about the new virus] is viral diversity; it's cool that they're so big, and I'm querying the age, but the risk? None."
"We are more at risk from the standard microbiological fauna that floats around," he told Fairfax Media. Representatives of the four 'giant' virus families: Mollivirus, Megavirus, Pithovirus and Pandoravirus under a scanning electron microscope. Credit:PNAS Professor Holmes said: "The problem with things this old is that DNA degrades quite quickly. So trying to get any material that is that old is very, very difficult. "The oldest pathogen [we have identified] is plague bacterium going back 1500 years - and that was was very degraded. Here you have an intact virus going back 30,000 years so it would have to have been absolutely, instantaneously frozen and [then experience] no thawing or degradation. That's a tough call for me ... I'd like the age to be independently verified." Professor Edward Holmes, University of Sydney.
However, Professor Holmes said he isn't saying they're wrong: "If it is 30,000 years old, it's fantastic." Viruses have traditionally been thought of as small and simple organisms. However, the discovery of the Mimivirus in 2003 means that we now know viruses can be large and complex. Viruses are considered "giant" if they are longer than half a micron, or 0.0005 millimetres. Scientists hope that analysis of these giant viruses will help us better understand viral evolution and perhaps the origins of life itself. Professor Holmes said that humans first studied viruses that threatened humans and economically important animals and plants. However, it is now understood that we have just "scratched the surface of the virus-sphere". "There is an amazing diversity of viruses out there. They're in weird organisms, they're of different shapes and sizes - the giant viruses came as a real surprise - and the sea is full of them. And in most cases they have nothing to do with disease whatsoever," Professor Holmes said.
"We've just missed an amazing diversity of life. Most DNA on earth is certainly in viruses." The discovery of a prehistoric giant virus will no doubt trigger memories for some sci-fi thriller, The Thing, in which scientists operating in the Antarctic disturb a long-dormant, violent alien species. Of course, M. sibericum is non-sentient, Arctic and terrestrial, so perhaps we probably don't have too much to worry about.
According to TSN's Darren Dreger on tonight's Insider Trading segment, former Washington Capitals head coach, and most recently a member of the New Jersey Devils coaching staff, Adam Oates may be reuniting with Pete DeBoer in San Jose as one of DeBoer's assistants:
Darren Dreger on Insider Trading: Adam Oates will not return to New Jersey and has informed Ray Shero. He may join Pete DeBoer in San Jose. — Todd Cordell (@ToddCordell) June 9, 2015
Oates was reportedly one of the candidates interviewed by Doug Wilson for the Sharks' head coaching vacancy, which was rather concerning at the time seeing as his stint behind the Capitals bench strongly suggested Oates isn't a good NHL head coach. But if there's one thing Oates has always been decidedly great at, not only during his Hall Of Fame-worthy career on the ice but as an assistant coach with Tampa Bay and New Jersey and as a head coach with the Caps, it's running a power play.
While he certainly had the good fortune of being able to deploy elite shooters like Steven Stamkos, Ilya Kovalchuk and Alex Ovechkin, Oates' innovative 1-3-1 setup with the man-advantage helped significantly improve the Lightning and Devils power plays before elevating Washington's to outright lethal status. We've discussed rumors surrounding another former Devils assistant in Dave Barr joining DeBoer's San Jose staff before and Oates is running a power play essentially what Barr is to the PK: arguably the best there is in the NHL. As long as he has no say whatsoever in any part of the Sharks' gameplan outside of the man-advantage, Oates could be a sneaky good hire.
Documentary on Swedish mogul emphasises his thrifty nature which he claims helped make Ikea a top brand
Frugal billionaire Ingvar Kamprad, founder of the flatpack furniture chain Ikea, buys his clothes at flea markets to save money, he has said in a documentary to be broadcast on Swedish television.
Kamprad, who turns 90 on 30 March, has a reputation for penny-pinching, which he claims helped Ikea to become one of the world's top brand names.
We've hit peak home furnishings, says Ikea boss Read more
“I don't think I'm wearing anything that wasn't bought at a flea market. It means that I want to set a good example,” he told Swedish channel TV4, according to business daily Dagens Industri which viewed the documentary.
“It's in the nature of Smaland to be thrifty,” he said, referring to Sweden's southern agricultural region where he comes from.
Kamprad is estimated to have an accumulated fortune of about 610bn kroner (about ‎€65.5bn), according to recent Swedish media reports.
But it is difficult to separate what belongs to him, what belongs to his children and what is held in a family foundation in one of Europe's most infamous tax havens, Liechtenstein.
In 2006, the American business magazine Forbes listed him as the fourth richest person in the world.
Kamprad's modest spending habits have made headlines over the years. In 2008, he told newspaper Sydsvenskan that a €22 bill in the Netherlands had broken his hair cut budget.
“Normally, I try to get my haircut when I'm in a developing country. Last time it was in Vietnam,” Kamprad explained.
In 1973, he fled Sweden's higher tax structure for Denmark, before seeking even lower taxes in Switzerland.
From 2010 onward, Kamprad progressively retired from the family company to make way for his three sons, finally returning to live in Sweden in 2014.
Authorities are still searching for a man suspected of shooting and killing a victim seemingly at random in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday, and then uploading a video of the act to Facebook.
The chilling video, which was posted to Steve Stephens' personal Facebook page around 2 p.m. local time, showed him driving in his car and complaining about a woman. He then approached an elderly black man, shot him at close range and drove off.
The Cleveland Police Department issued an arrest warrant for Stephens, 37, shortly after midnight on Monday in connection with the slaying of 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr.
Rep. Marcia L. Fudge (D-Ohio) tweeted a photo of Godwin, along with her condolences.
My sincere condolences to the family of Robert Godwin, Sr. Mr. Godwin meant so much to so many & will be missed. Praying for peace in #OH11. pic.twitter.com/V2iJ3m69Py — Rep. Marcia L. Fudge (@RepMarciaFudge) April 17, 2017
Police searched for Stephens across the city on Sunday, but later speculated that he may have left the state driving a white Ford Fusion. Authorities urged residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on alert and said Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
“We want this to end with as much peace as we can bring right now,” Police Chief Calvin Williams said during a press conference on Sunday evening. He said officials were in touch with “a lot of Stephens' friends and family” and that they were all trying to get him to turn himself in.
Officials said there was no apparent link between Stephens and Godwin.
In the Facebook video, which was removed from the site after about three hours, Stephens told the camera: “Found me somebody I'm going to kill, this guy right here, this old dude.” He approached the man and asked him to say a woman's name, before noting, “She's the reason, uh, this is about to happen to you.”
Early media and police reports said the video was broadcast on Facebook Live, but the company said it was pre-recorded and later uploaded to Stephens' personal page. Facebook did say Stephens went live on the social media network at another time on Sunday.
An official statement from the company called the act “a horrific crime.”
“We do not allow this kind of content on Facebook. We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety,” the company said.
A man identified as Godwin's son by local TV affiliate 19 News called his father a “good guy” who would give someone the shirt off his back.
“I'm not just saying that for these cameras like people do knowing their people ain't right,” the man said. “But I'm telling the truth: This man right here was a good man … I don't know what I'm going to do. It's not real.”
As the man spoke, he hugged a woman who cried and said over and over, “It feels like my heart is going to stop.”
I just spoke with a man and woman who said the man killed in the FB live video was their 78 year old father @cleveland19news pic.twitter.com/Gpf3EUafLM — Shanice (@ShaniceDunning) April 16, 2017
Several GoFundMe accounts have been set up to provide aid to the victim's family. The company said it was working with the campaign organizer to “guarantee the funds will be transferred directly to the family.” At a press conference this weekend, however, police encouraged the public to donate money to a fundraiser coordinated with the family that they planned to announce on Monday.
The unnamed 25-year-old woman at the center of an ongoing police investigation involving 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick was taken to a hospital by the Miami fire department and, once she was there, a rape test was used to determine whether she had been assaulted, the Miami Herald reported.
The results of the rape test have not been released.
Kaepernick, 26, and two other NFL players – 49ers wide receiver Quinton Patton and Seahawks wideout Ricardo Lockette – were named in a Miami police incident report in which the woman says she blacked out in their company in an apartment at the Viceroy Hotel on April 1 and woke up in a hospital bed. The woman said she smoked marijuana and drank shots before blacking out when she was naked on a bed, where she had been with Kaepernick. She said they did not have sex, but had done so in the past.
The woman arrived at the Viceroy at 9 p.m. and the Miami fire department was dispatched to the hotel at 12:32 a.m. The Miami fire department was summoned to the hotel by the police, who had been contacted by the players, the Sacramento Bee reported.
The players have not been charged with crimes. The investigation is being conducted by the Miami Police Department's Special Victims Unit, which investigates sexual battery and other serious crimes.
“We have to examine evidence and wait for some tests to come back, including toxicology reports,” Police Chief Manuel Orosa said to the newspaper. “We can present it to the state attorney and they can decide whether to continue … It's too early to determine what the evidence indicates.”
This morning, Kaepernick, via Twitter, blasted an initial report that claimed he was being investigated for sexual assault and thanked those who have supported him.
“The charges made in the TMZ story and other stories I've seen are completely wrong,” Kaepernick said. “They make things up about me that never happened. I take great pride in who I am and what I do, but I guess sometimes you have to deal with someone who makes things up. I want to thank all of the people who have shared their encouraging sentiments. I assure you that your faith is not misplaced.”
Kaepernick's agency, XAM Sports, issued a statement: “We stand by Colin 100 percent and are fully confident that the truth will be evident once the facts come to light regarding this matter. We thank you for supporting Colin.”
Given the ongoing investigation, public relations expert Sam Singer said Kaepernick made a misstep when he took to Twitter this morning. Singer, the president of Singer Associates in San Francisco, said Kaepernick's agency should have been the lone voice speaking out.
From a legal standpoint, he said, Kaepernick should stay silent, even if he's only guilty of questionable judgment.
“They should have kept him out of this until there's more clarity to the story,” Singer said. “Once there's more clarity he can step forward and say ‘Thank you for sticking by me, I'm sorry I couldn't talk about this, but there was police investigation going on.'
“It's not tremendously harmful to Mr. Kaepernick, but it's not the fully professional, thoughtful thing to do in this situation. And it shows a bit of amateur behavior by people who are paid a lot of money to be pros.”
It has only been one week since the last Planned Parenthood sting video was released but Center for Medical Progress founder David Daleiden is already back with a sequel. The first of many, apparently.
The first CMP video of a now year-old conversation among Daleiden, another CMP actor, and Planned Parenthood official Deborah Nucatola was edited to suggest that Planned Parenthood sells fetal body parts for profit, though the full footage revealed that Nucatola was actually discussing the legal practice of fetal-tissue donation and its associated processing costs.
This new video makes a similar claim. Allegedly filmed in February of this year, it shows CMP actors—including Daleiden—posing as a tissue-procurement company executive in a meeting with Mary Gatter, a Planned Parenthood medical director, at a restaurant. The video has been edited down to a roughly eight-minute runtime and full footage of the conversation had not been released as of 9:30 a.m. Tuesday.
Although mentions of dollar amounts in the conversation may sound alarming—as they were in the first video—small payments for transportation and processing are legal in human fetal-tissue donation. Under 42 U.S. Code § 289g—2 , U.S. law prohibits the “valuable consideration” of human fetal tissue, but it does allow “reasonable payments associated with the transportation, implantation, processing, preservation, quality control, or storage of human fetal tissue.”
In the video, one of the CMP buyers asks for a figure, Gatter suggests $75 per specimen, and then the fake buyer tries to goad her on, saying “that's way too low.” The video has been edited to highlight specific comments of Gatter's that make the conversation seem like a negotiation over profits—comments like, “Why don't you tell me what you're used to paying?”
This time around, however, the CMP has also included statements by Gatter that debunk the idea that Planned Parenthood affiliates profit from the practice.
“We're not in it for the money,” Gatter makes it clear to the CMP actors at one point.
“We don't want to be in the position of being accused of selling tissue and stuff like that,” she says. “On the other hand, there are costs associated with the use of our space, and all that kind of stuff.”
The CMP actors twice offer $100 per specimen but we never see Gatter commit to accepting that amount, only to “find[ing] out what other affiliates in California are getting.” She emphasizes to who she thought were biotech buyers that their “volume is so low,” referring to the fact that second-trimester abortions are relatively rare.
“It's been years since I talked about compensation,” she says at one point. “So let me just figure out what others are getting and if this is in the ballpark, then it's fine.”
In what is sure to become the most-quoted line from the video, Gatter jokes that she “want[s] a Lamborghini,” but she immediately says, “No,” and laughs, apparently at the idea of making money off the practice.
The video also includes some conversations surrounding abortion methods that preserve fetal tissue compared with techniques that tend not to leave tissue intact—an ethical issue that raises questions about practices of informed consent from the patient.
Gatter notes at one point that if they switch methods from a suction method to one with less suction in order to “increase the odds that it would come out as an intact specimen” then it violates “the protocol that says to the patient, ‘We're not doing anything different in our care of you.'”
In the video, Gatter makes no promises to change abortion techniques to preserve fetal tissue but does appear to raise the possibility of having a discussion with a Planned Parenthood surgeon about that “argument” and their abortion techniques.
“I think they're both totally appropriate techniques, there's no difference in pain involved, I don't think the patients would care one iota,” she says.
Gatter only says that she will “see how he feels,” referring apparently to the surgeon's opinion on the difference in techniques.
Once again, the footage has been edited and full video has not been released, so, as of this writing, there is no way to decipher the complete context of this conversation surrounding abortion methods. Some sections of the video display time stamps, others do not, and the perspective regularly shifts between two cameras worn by the fake CMP buyers.
In a statement to The Daily Beast, Eric Ferrero, vice president of communications for the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said:
“This morning, another very heavily edited video was released without the original footage for verification by activists who have been widely discredited and who edited a video last week to twist its meaning completely and support false claims. At this time, Planned Parenthood cannot confirm the authenticity of this tape, and nobody can tell exactly what was discussed because of the extremely heavy editing and the agenda of the activists who produced it. What we see on this tape is a woman who says ‘We're not in it for the money,' and that any money is reimbursement for costs.”
Planned Parenthood anticipated the release of today's video, noting in a detailed letter to the House Energy and Commerce Committee dated Monday (PDF) that Daleiden and the CMP have likely filmed several interactions in which they offered money to Planned Parenthood affiliates for fetal tissue.
In some cases, they believe that the CMP may have offered an “astronomical amount compared to the minimal cost-recovery fees that affiliates with tissue-donation programs currently recoup.”
“All of these efforts were rebuffed,” the letter maintains.
PPFA's letter was written in response to the committee's announced investigation of the first video, undertaken at the urging of House Speaker John Boehner, who called the video “horrific.” Several GOP presidential candidates have criticized the video and seven states have announced investigations into their own Planned Parenthood affiliates.
Early Tuesday morning, top Republican lawmakers and presidential candidates had yet to respond to the second video.
At this point—and given the tradition of Planned Parenthood sting operations in which CMP is involved—the videos seem more calculated to produce a strong reaction than to provide immediately verifiable proof of criminal wrongdoing.
Last week, for example, a Roll Call interview with Congressmen Tim Murphy (R-PA) and Trent Franks (R-AZ), suggested that some in the GOP leadership may have known about the first CMP sting video weeks in advance of its release and did not take any action at that time.
When Roll Call asked why Murphy waited until after the video's release to make a public statement, he ended the interview and said, “This interview didn't happen.”
In an O ' Reilly Factor interview last week, Daleiden also stumbled when asked if he had provided any information from his investigation to the authorities.
“Are you saying they are doing something illegal?” O'Reilly asked.
“Absolutely,” Daleiden replied.
But when O'Reilly followed up by asking if he had “reported this to the authorities,” Daleiden paused before saying: “Bringing our information in front of law enforcement was always a goal that CMP had from the beginning of this project and as we can see in the news out of Texas and Louisiana… the entire state governments of both of those states are taking this very seriously…”
While these federal and state investigations are underway, it is likely that even more videos will be released. In the letter to the House Energy and Commerce Committee, PPFA legal counsel claimed that Daleiden could have “thousands of hours of videotape” from years of corporate espionage. During this time, Daleiden allegedly posed as a buyer from a fake biotech LLC called Biomax Procurement Services, which seems to be his cover for this second video as well.
The letter further claims that Daleiden has taped Planned Parenthood staff “on at least 65 occasions” over the last eight years and that he used a fake California driver's license to gain access to Planned Parenthood facilities.
The videos appear to be part of a lengthy and expensive project that Daleiden, who is 26 and a relatively fresh face in the pro-life movement, could not have funded on his own.
Indeed, since the release of the first video, new details have emerged about the other individuals associated with the CMP's undercover investigation—associations that go beyond Daleiden's history with the anti-abortion group Live Action, which has also produced heavily edited sting videos in Planned Parenthood facilities.
A 2013 registration form obtained by The Nation last week revealed the names of Daleiden's fellow board members at the CMP: Albin Rhomberg and Troy Newman.
Rhomberg has a long and strident history of anti-abortion activism—one California Planned Parenthood worker says that he once followed her “for an entire city block, barely 3 feet away, filming and shouting at me about my evil work with Planned Parenthood”—but it is Newman's association with the CMP that has raised the most eyebrows.
Newman is the president of Operation Rescue, a pro-life organization that became the center of national media attention when George Tiller, a Kansas physician who provided late-term abortions, was assassinated by anti-abortion activist Scott Roeder in 2009 during worship services at Tiller's church.
After the murder, Newman, who had moved Operation Rescue headquarters to Kansas in 2002 in order to be closer to Tiller's practice, released a statement distancing the organization from Roeder, claiming that he “has never been a member, contributor, or volunteer with Operation Rescue.”
When Roeder was arrested, however, police found the phone number of Operation Rescue senior policy adviser Cheryl Sullenger on the dashboard of his car. Sullenger, who had spent two years in federal prison from 1988 to 1990 after pleading guilty to plotting the bombing of a San Diego abortion provider, admitted that she had been in contact with Roeder in the past and had provided information to him about Tiller's whereabouts, information unrelated to the eventual shooting.
In a 2009 phone interview from prison, Roeder, who was convicted of first-degree murder, told The Wichita Eagle that he felt “relief and joy” about Tiller's death and maintained that he was, in fact, associated with Operation Rescue. He claimed to have “probably a thousand dollars worth of receipts, at least, from the money I've donated to [Newman].”
At that point, Newman told the paper that he could not “find [Roeder] in the database” but left the possibility open that he could have donated to Operation Rescue.
“If he did, we have probably over the past 10 years over 50,000 people who have contributed to us,” he said.
Further connections between Operation Rescue and the CMP investigation have emerged in conjunction with this latest video. In Operation Rescue's announcement of the second video, the logo for the CMP's Human Capital Project includes the phrase “In consultation with Operation Rescue.” The logo on the CMP website does not mention this relationship.
The announcement was written by Sullenger, who still serves as Operation Rescue's senior policy adviser. Her bio with the group says that she “now regrets” her actions and “has openly denounced violence as a means to stop abortion.”
In a three-word response to The Daily Beast's request for comment, Newman said that Operation Rescue provides “advice, consulting, funds” to the CMP.
In his statement to The Daily Beast, PPFA spokesman Eric Ferrero explicitly referenced CMP's relationship to other anti-abortion activists: “It's important to know that the source of these videos is a group of extremists who have intimidated women and doctors for years in their agenda to ban abortion completely.”
If the Planned Parenthood legal counsel has anticipated the CMP's moves correctly, we can expect more videos to come. According to the PPFA's letter to the House Energy and Commerce Committee, these videos could purport to show physicians discussing how abortions might be adjusted “if the patient has requested to donate tissue” and reveal “a highly sensitive area” in a clinic where tissues are processed after abortion procedures.
Another possible video may show a Biomax representative asking “questions about the racial characteristics of tissue donated to researchers studying sickle-cell anemia,” with responses that could be edited to corroborate some pro-life groups' attempts to depict abortion as a form of racial genocide.
But given the sheer amount of film that the CMP may have in store, there's no telling how many videos they will release. (The CMP did not respond to a request for comment.) Last week, Daleiden told The Washington Post that he would release videos weekly for the next few months.
It's going to be a long summer for Planned Parenthood.
Update 7/21/15 12:10 PM: The CMP has now released what it claims to be “full footage” of the conversation from which this morning's video was taken.
Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved Crystal Brooke Howell (Haywood County Sheriff's Office) WCMH Photo
Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved Crystal Brooke Howell (Haywood County Sheriff's Office) WCMH Photo
WCMH Staff Reports - MAGGIE VALLEY, N.C. (WCMH) - A North Carolina woman now faces murder charges in the 2014 death of her father.
Police say Crystal Brooke Howell, now 20, admitted she killed her father when she was 17. She pleaded guilty to first-degree murder and multiple other charges.
Howell told police she shot her father in the head with a shotgun while he was taking a nap and then hid his body for a month inside a plastic container, WYFF-TV reports. Howell then began hosting parties at the home while her father's body was hidden away in a storage shed.
"Miss Howell had previously told her friends that her father had killed himself," Assistant District Attorney Jeff Jones said. "She then started to drive his car and spend his money. She had her friends move in, had a drug-fueled party and even had a stripper pole installed in the kitchen."
Crystal Howell's attorney told WYFF-TV her client had a mental-health history.
"The evidence in this case is that Miss Howell, who had just been caught shoplifting at Ingles by her father that day, came home and thought about killing her dad while she showered," Jones said. "Afterwards, she executed him while he slept on the couch."
"It's shocking that a young woman kills her father," District Attorney Ashley Welch said. "But the fact that Howell then began to spend her father's money, use his house and drive his car - all after hiding his body and the evidence of her crime - that's the motive. She wanted to live on her terms at the expense of Michael Howell's life. It's very sad."
Howell must serve a minimum of 30 years in prison before she'll be eligible for parole.
In October, Stern ripped Waters, a major proponent of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, or BDS, in a seven-minute rant. The rant was motivated by an open letter Waters published in Salon criticizing rocker Jon Bon Jovi for performing in Tel Aviv on Oct. 3.
“What is with Roger Waters and the Jews?” Stern asked. “The Palestinians are these Arabs that could live in Egypt, they could live in Saudi Arabia, but guess what? Those countries don't want them either. Israel has a little tiny country, and it bugs the s*** out of Roger Waters. He can't f***in' deal with it.”
“Where do you want the Jews to go, Roger? You want them just to go back to the concentration camps? What is it you want, f***head?” Stern said, adding: “Jews, go to the dark side of moon and live,” referring to a popular Pink Floyd album.
Sandler told Stern that he is “proud of being a Jew and that's what I am.”
Stern pointed out that Sandler's wife converted to Judaism. Sandler responded that he is not “crazy religious.” He told Stern that his chai necklace “is in like the third drawer under the T-shirts.”
Microsoft is working on new smartphone technology that can sense your mood and automatically share it with friends on social networking sites.
A research paper written by Microsoft Research in Asia — and first discovered by Techworld Australia — reveals the company is experimenting with smartphone "mood sensors" that can detect how you are feeling. The technology — called MoodScope — would allow users to automatically share those moods with friends in real time on networks such as Facebook.
SEE ALSO: 20 Things Your Most Annoying Friends Do on Facebook
Some sensors measure light and acceleration, but MoodScope would measure the mental state of its users and classify participants as feeling tense, happy, upset, bored, calm, stressed or excited.
"[P]rivacy concerns aside, these moods would enhance social networks by allowing users to share mood states automatically," the researchers wrote in a paper. "Users would be able to know better how and when to communicate with others."
Microsoft said this could help inform others of your mood before you speak with them — with advantages like knowing ahead of time that your boss is upset.
"Mood sensing can enable users to digitally communicate closer to the way they would in real life," the report read. "For mood sharing, an automatic mood sensor will not only improve the usability but also more importantly, lower the social barrier for a user to share their mood: we do not directly tell others our mood very often, but we do not try to conceal our mood very often either."
According to the report, Microsoft has already built a prototype that could infer your mood with about 66% accuracy, on average. In a study with 32 participants, the accuracy level of detecting a mood jumped to 95% after two months of training.
Microsoft said other services could benefit from mood detection, too.
"Video and music recommender systems such as Netflix or Spotify would benefit from using mood as an input to their recommendation algorithms," the researchers wrote. "By knowing the user's mood and building preferences based on previously selected items, these providers could recommend different media to match the user's current mood."
Mashable composite; image via iStockphoto, MrIncredible
Flagler County officials are planning a meeting with city officials to discuss the feasibility of a local law that could give sheriff's deputies the option of writing a citation or arresting people caught with 20 grams of pot or less.
PALM COAST�— Flagler County officials are planning a meeting with city officials to discuss the feasibility of a local law that could give sheriff's deputies the option of writing a citation or arresting people caught with small amounts of pot.
It's a topic of robust debate nationally with some states legalizing marijuana in defiance of federal law, the state of Florida OKing some medical marijuana, and most recently, Volusia County softening its stance on those caught with small amounts of cannabis.
(READ: Volusia softens stance on marijuana possession)
In Flagler County, it's currently a misdemeanor to possess even small amounts of marijuana and being caught generally leads to arrest, incarceration, prosecution and perhaps further incarceration and court fines.
Officials in counties and municipalities across the state and nation have been having similar discussions regarding whether the process is a good use of finite resources such as jail cells, law enforcement time, and money paid to both prosecutors and public defenders.
Flagler County spokeswoman Julie Murphy said Flagler County Commission Chairwoman Barbara Revels, a member of a public safety committee, invited the mayors, city managers and police chiefs from all of Flagler County's cities to a meeting May 11 to discuss the topic.
The meeting is set for 8:45 a.m. in the county's Emergency Operations Center.
"Small amount" means 20 grams or fewer and there is no ordinance specifically addressing the issue of amount, Murphy wrote in an email.
"This meeting is to get some input about the topic," she said.
Some Palm Coast City Council members recently expressed interest in attending the meeting but shared differing opinions on whether they thought marijuana possession should be a ticket-able offense.
City Attorney Bill Reischmann told council members Tuesday that the talks did not have anything to do with decriminalizing marijuana possession —�the state Legislature would have to do that.�What leaders would be talking about is what police response should be.
Mayor Jon Netts didn't like the idea of deciding the issue locally, preferring instead to leave it up to the state.�He said different populations taking different tacks creates “dissimilarity in behavior, dissimilarity in treatment.”
However, he added, “I think decriminalization of small amounts of marijuana is probably long overdue.”
Vice Mayor Heidi Shipley said she thinks pot laws are too harsh to fit the crime.
"I think the concern about a pot conviction is something that would follow you your whole life, just because you did something in the '80s,” she said.
City Manager Jim Landon said he'd let county officials know that multiple council members are interested in attending the meeting.
Judging by the raging success of diamond thieves in Hollywood movies, one might think walking away with millions in diamonds is a snap. Or at the very least, a sure thing with the right amount of planning, cunning, good looks and some sort of inside connection. In the real world, of course, slipping out with the gems takes more than two hours of careful consideration.
But such heists do work occasionally and happen pretty frequently. Every couple of years or so, a team of thieves gets away with a diamond heist. A heist is no mere robbery. It's a feat of patience and engineering that yields some of the biggest payouts in history. The weird thing is, it's hard to tell if the thieves ever see the cash, since in almost every major heist, the diamonds are never found.
Are they buried under the floorboards of an abandoned basement somewhere? Were they sold to foreign princes on the down low? Or is that diamond in the jewelry store's window the very same that was stolen from the Antwerp Diamond Center in 2003 and laundered through middlemen until it was clean enough for a legitimate jeweler to give it a second glance? We'll probably never know. But this much is for sure: The thieves who go for the high-security diamonds have guts.
In this article, we'll look at 10 of the biggest diamond heists in history, all of which went down in the last few decades. We'll see how the thieves got the goods, how much they stole and what happened in the aftermath. Each heist in this article is the stuff of legend. Are you ready for the first?
Each comes with a hand numbered 16 page lyrics zine (A6, black on pale green 200mg paper).
Each cassette's A side is spray painted glow in the dark, with a hand stamped “Soil Creep” logo on it.
Each is hand numbered and hand packaged in Dublin, Ireland.
You can order yourself a copy here: http://longlostrecords.bandcamp.com/album/small-death
All pre-orders for SOIL CREEP - SMALL DEATH are going out this week!
Each cassette cover is hand numbered.Each will come with a hand numbered lyrics zine (likely to be A6, black on pale green 200mg paper). I am looking into getting the zine risograph printed but it may cost too much.Each package comes in a hand stamped tracing paper bag (bronze ink).I'm still taking pre-orders at €6, though the price may rise when I actually sit down and figure out how much each cost to make.Pre-order here: http://longlostrecords.bandcamp.com/album/small-death
An update on the cassette release; It's likely to look something like this! Each cassette's A side is spray painted glow in the dark, with a hand stamped “Soil Creep” logo on it. Each cassette's B side is spray painted pink.
LST011 - SOIL CREEP - SMALL DEATH
It's finally autumnal enough to put this out! This is the first album I (Aidan Wall) have made as SOIL CREEP. It took me two years for it to enter a stage where I was happy to release it. It's probably the last thing I'll release under this name. It can be quite dark, but is essentially a project about making pop songs.
I'm currently taking PREORDERS on the bandcamp for a cassette/zine which will be released later this year.
tracklist:
1.Arbour 04:28
2.20p 05:16
3.Love Song (via Crystallisation) 03:01
4.Sin Frankatra 03:30
5.”Define Self-delusion at Dictionary.com” 01:33
6.Whitethorn 04:00
7.(Deaf In Venice) 02:14
8.Rest 03:24
9.Where (n) Meets Infinity 04:52
Reblogs are appreciated!
all the best,
Aidan
About 23 years ago I drew what is probably my most widely seen fan art drawing, an ascii picture of Lum from "Urusei yatsura". The original picture was drawn on an Atari 8-bit computer using a text editor. In order to draw such a lengthy picture, I printed out rough versions of the picture as I was drawing it and penciled in the changes on paper and updated the drawing on the computer accordingly. For this drawing, I traced off of my original ascii image and kept the proportions and shading of the original image too because I wanted some continuity with the original drawing. All I did was mirror the line art so the original image would appear like a mirror, even though it is actually a notepad window.
The great dance-punk group Le Tigre, which is fronted by Kathleen Hanna, have gotten back together to record a new track that's set to be released next month. Hanna revealed the news in a conversation with Meredith Graves for the Talkhouse Music Podcast, which was recorded earlier today. As Pitchfork points out, Hanna said that, “Le Tigre just got back together in the studio — you have the scoop — for a special song that we are going to release hopefully, like, early-to-mid-October. […] I will not say what it's about, but it's been really fun working with them again.” She went on to note that they were not going to release a new record or tour, and that this would be a one-off occasion.
You can watch their full interview below.
Le Tigre's last album was 2004's This Island. Hanna recently released a new album, Hit Reset, with her band the Julie Ruin.
Sunderland and Toronto FC have agreed to a deal to swap strikers, with Jozy Altidore heading to the MLS club and Jermain Defoe returning to the Premier League, sources confirmed to ESPN FC.
Sunderland will also send an unspecified amount of cash to Toronto and MLS as part of the deal. The money involved will be an amount between Altidore's perceived current value and the $10 million (US) that Sunderland paid to acquire him from Dutch club AZ Alkmaar in 2013, a source said.
Canadian news outlet TSN earlier reported a swap deal had been agreed, and called the amount of money Sunderland will include in the exchange "significant."
Although the deal has been agreed between the clubs, Altidore is still likely to be subject to the MLS allocation order, the fluid rules of which have always played a considerable role in which teams Designated Players land, before he becomes a Toronto player.
Toronto FC currently sit sixth in the allocation rankings behind Montreal, San Jose, Colorado, Chicago and Houston, but sources told ESPN FC on Monday that only Toronto and the Portland Timbers are willing to meet Altidore's salary demands of between $5 and $6 million per year.
A year ago, Toronto and MLS reportedly paid Tottenham a transfer fee of nearly $10 million (US) for Defoe. The difference in value now is related to the recent performances of the two strikers -- Defoe has shown he can still be a trusted goal-scoring asset, while Altidore has not.
Altidore, 25, remains the first-choice striker for the United States national team despite a brutal time at Sunderland that saw him score only one Premier League goal in a year and a half at the Stadium of Light.
Meanwhile, Defoe scored 11 goals in 19 games in his sole season in MLS. Defoe played for England at the 2010 World Cup, but England manager Roy Hodgson did not select the 32-year-old for his squad in Brazil last summer.
Defoe should be a welcome addition on the front line for Sunderland, who sit one place above the relegation zone having scored the second fewest goals in the Premier League this season.
Altidore, who has 25 goals in 76 appearances for the United States in his international career, will join his U.S. teammate Michael Bradley in Toronto. Altidore previously played in MLS with the New York Red Bulls from 2006-2008.
Kristan Heneage, Doug McIntyre and Jeff Carlisle contributed to this report.
NEW DELHI: A survey of Muslim women—victims of triple talaq-- found that 6 out of 10 women were given divorce unilaterally by their husbands. In almost all other cases the divorce was one-sided with the woman informed about it by her relatives, the local Qazi or through sms or e-mail.An earlier study by the NGO Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan (BMMA) had found that 92% of Muslim women were opposed to triple talaq The present survey conducted on 117 women based across the country revealed that in 54% cases, the husband remarried almost immediately and almost 80% women were deprived of maintenance. About 16% of women did not know the mehr (payment or possessions given by the groom's family to the bride) amount fixed during the nikah and in 56% of the cases they were deprived of this token amount itself.BMMA co-founder Zakia Soman has demanded that ‘triple talaq' should be banned. ``We are not in favour of uniform civil code but for reforms in the Muslim personal law and banning triple talaq will be the first step towards it,'' she said.The study conducted by BMMA reads like a “horror story and reveals what havoc gross misuse of the noble Islamic law is playing in society,'' said Prof Tahir Mahmood, a legal scholar.Like Lubna Choudhury, who was beaten so mercilessly by her husband that glass shards were found in her uterus. “I was married at 20 and was a mother within months of marriage. But my husband had a flirty nature and did not pay any attention to his family. When I spoke about it, I was beaten,'' she said.The feisty girl, who fought with her mother when she tried to stop her from studying and even went to the extent of breaking the lock on her house door to appear in class VIII exam, found her spirit broken by the incessant torture but refused to give up. “One day he locked the door and pulled out a rod. I couldn't fight back. I don't remember how long I was beaten but when the door opened it scared the relatives enough to take me to a hospital,'' she said.The injuries proved to be a turning point. Choudhury, a Mumbai resident, has now given up her naqab, is taking taekwondo lessons, and has learnt how to ride a bike. She has refused to accept the ‘triple talaq' given to her in 2008 and is fighting for her maintenance rights.But it is a lonely battle. Take Bhopal-based Shama (name changed to protect identity) who was married in the family of an influential religious cleric. Her lean frame covered in a burqa and gloves can barely hold her two-year-old but her voice is steady and eyes dry as she rattles off her story. “They just wanted a domestic help. I was beaten and not allowed to be with my husband. Then one day my father-in-law beat up my husband forcing him to say talaq thrice. I tried very hard to mediate, to make peace but I was not allowed to meet my husband,'' she said.Fortunately for Shama, her parents supported her. “I am fighting my case in court. Except I cannot shame them publicly because they are influential and I have my old parents and children to think about,'' she said.
SQL Recipes Calculations Per Group Calculating Top N items and Aggregating (sum) the remainder into "All others"
Calculating Top N items and Aggregating (sum) the remainder into "All Others"
The top / bottom N problem is often seen when ranking items in your database. We've previously written about the ranking problem in Calculating Top N items per Group.
Another requirement that co-exists with this question is to rollup all the other rows into a row called "All other". The reason for doing this is to provide more context when presenting data.
Example data
Consider a table with two columns: a salesperson's name and the amount of business they've closed:
Name Sales Alice 8405837 Bob 3884307 Chris 2718782 Dan 2195914 Eve 1553165 Fae 1513367 George 1409019 Hadi 1355896 Ida 1257676 Justine 998537 ... ...
1. Calculating simple top N items
Our first question is to list the top 10 salespeople by business closed, which can be accomplished with the following query. For more sophistication with window functions, see Calculating Top N items per Group:
select name, sales from deals order by 3 desc limits 10
name sales Alice 8405837 Bob 3884307 Chris 2718782 Dan 2195914 Eve 1553165 Fae 1513367 George 1409019 Hadi 1355896 Ida 1257676 Justine 998537
2. Aggregating into "All Others"
If we were to visualize the top salespeople as a pie chart, it'd look something like this:
The problem with the above chart is that we are missing data on how much business the other salespeople closed to put the visualization in context. We'll attempt to solve this question now.
What we are trying to accomplish is a final row appended to the results above that is the aggregation of the rest of the data, something like this:
name sales Alice 8405837 Bob 3884307 Chris 2718782 ... ... Justine 998537 All Others 7833544
The following query accomplishes that:
with top10 as (select name, sales from deals order by 2 desc limits 10) select * from top10 union all select 'All other' as name, sum(sales) as sales from sales where name not in (select name from top10)
How it works
We've organized the query into two queries and combined them with the union keyword. The first query is as before that finds the top 10 salespeople. The second builds upon this by excluding names that were previously found with the not in keyword. We've additionally "refactored" the core query as a CTE using the with keyword.
My flight back to London from the Spanish Grand Prix was full of tired mechanics, exhausted race engineers and sleepy drivers - all of them recovering from an extraordinary weekend of mixed emotions in Barcelona.
It was a very strange feeling on the plane, alongside plenty of Williams personnel who were torn between celebrating a monumental win for the team, yet understandably concerned about their colleagues who remain in hospital after the pit lane fire on Sunday evening.
People know motorsport in inherently dangerous, and that F1 can never rest on its laurels as far as safety is concerned, however, that doesn't mean it's not easy to become blasé about our working environment.
Let's take the pre-race show we do for example. Along with plenty of other media personnel, photographers and guests, we're in a pit lane surrounded by fuel, electronically charged KERS units, all manner of other mechanical equipment, not to mention F1 cars leaving garages or scorching past at 60mph. The same applies to the grid.
31 people were injured following a fire at the Williams team garage after the Spanish Grand Prix. Photo: Getty
However, with no driver death since 1994 and serious injuries or nasty accidents mercifully rare, it is easy to forget an F1 track still remains a dangerous place.
As the fire blazed in the Williams garage and a horrible acrid smoke filled the air, there was genuine shock this was happening. Most people currently involved in the sport were not around in the dark days when dramatic incidents were common.
It was so unexpected I initially thought it was an old diesel engine starting up, David Coulthard assumed it was a catering fire, and some thought Williams were letting off a flare as a celebration.
The people I've spoken to on the flight, and in the departure lounge, actually paint a much more serious picture with Frank Williams and the whole team celebrating their win in the garage as the fuel explosion happened.
At this point is worth mentioning not only the Williams crew who were clearly well trained and dealt with the situation quickly, but also the members of the nearby teams such as Toro Rosso, Force India and HRT who reportedly didn't think twice before diving in to help the situation.
F1 can seem like such a safe and sterile environment with its perfectly clean garages, and the garage interiors transformed each race by the plastic walls they construct, all in team colours of course. It looks modern, safe and made-for-tv. The reality is that it is still a garage like any other and, for all the commercially driven, PR-controlled world that the viewers see, it remains dangerous.
Thankfully the injuries were limited to just a handful of people. Williams suffered extensive damage to their garage and equipment, including plenty of laptops and other bits of kit which will be frantically replaced before Monaco.
However, as ever, the real cost is human and we're all thankful it wasn't more serious.
In fact, it's not just the garages that can be dangerous places. With just moments left of the race, Eddie Jordan decided he'd love to go and congratulate Frank Williams and went haring off to find him – as only Eddie does. I was sitting in the McLaren hospitality area and Eddie re-appeared just moments latter grimacing in pain.
“I think I've broken my ankle,” he wailed. I looked down and his foot was starting to swell outside of his shoe. It transpired he'd tripped on his way to see Frank, and his ankle had taken the brunt of the impact.
Eddie was quite a driver in his day, and like many racing drivers of his era, he lives with damaged ankles from crashing cars.
So, picture the scene. Pastor crosses the line to win and, instead of celebrating, we're getting Eddie's foot raised up and tracking down some ice to take down the swelling whilst poor old EJ looks like he might pass out.
I was wondering if I'd have to head outside to host the post-podium celebrations alone, however, ever the soldier, EJ was able to cope with the pain and he hobbled out to cover the end of the race with me.
And what a win.
Pastor has come in for a fair amount of criticism. It's no secret that he comes with a large chunk of change from Venezuela, which was reportedly one of the big reasons for him replacing Nico Hulkenberg in 2011.
Well, what do we make of his talents now? He's spent most of the season fighting the Ferraris, and now he's beaten them. It wasn't a fluke but genuine pace.
As for Eddie's foot, well by the time we went on to the F1 Forum the pain was too much and, after the wonderful McLaren doctor Aki strapped it up, we eventually resorted to pushing Eddie around on a tyre trolley to get him around.
Thankfully, as Eddie lives in Monaco, he can now have a rest for a week or so, as we're heading his way for the next race. And what on earth can Monaco have in store for us?
It's remarkable to think we've had five different race winners in the past five races, and it seems nobody is able to explain why it's happened or how the following races might play themselves out.
In Spain, we saw Jenson Button and Sebastian Vettel lose pace throughout the weekend. Williams and Ferrari weren't expected to have the pace to out-race Lotus, whilst Sauber had another strong race.
There wasn't a Mercedes, McLaren or Red Bull in the top five on the grid.
Who was your driver of the day? I loved watching Lewis' drive. He has really impressed me this season.
Mind you, one thing that has almost gone unnoticed amongst all the excitement is that we're already a quarter of the way through the 2012 Formula One season. And if the next 15 races are anything like the first five, then we're in for some season.
Thanks for sticking with the BBC for the action. We've been delighted with the viewing figures and I love seeing your thoughts on Twitter – keep them coming and let's hope Eddie's ankle lasts the distance!
Police and family members are asking for help finding a 16-year-old girl who has been missing since late last week.Layton Stone was last seen in the area of 5100 NE 59th Terrace in Kansas City Friday afternoon. She had been at a friend's house and was walking to visit another friend in the neighborhood but never arrived.Stone recently moved to the Kansas City area from South Carolina and had been eager to travel to San Antonio to see her boyfriend graduate from basic military training in the United States Air Force next week.Family members said she does not have money, identification or medication that she needs to take every day to prevent seizures. They don't think that she willingly went missing.Stone is white, 5 feet 4 inches tall, 115 pounds with reddish-brown hair that was pulled into a ponytail when she was last seen. She has dark brown eyes, an olive complexion and a birthmark on her right forearm similar to the shape of lips.She was last seen wearing a navy blue Guy Harvey shirt, plaid Hollister shorts and brown Rainbow flip-flops.Anyone with information is asked to call 911, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children at 800-843-5678 regarding case number 1236956 or the Kansas City Police Department's Shoal Creek Patrol Division at 816-413-3400 regarding case number 14-00941.
Police and family members are asking for help finding a 16-year-old girl who has been missing since late last week.
Layton Stone was last seen in the area of 5100 NE 59th Terrace in Kansas City Friday afternoon. She had been at a friend's house and was walking to visit another friend in the neighborhood but never arrived.
Advertisement
Stone recently moved to the Kansas City area from South Carolina and had been eager to travel to San Antonio to see her boyfriend graduate from basic military training in the United States Air Force next week.
Family members said she does not have money, identification or medication that she needs to take every day to prevent seizures. They don't think that she willingly went missing.
Stone is white, 5 feet 4 inches tall, 115 pounds with reddish-brown hair that was pulled into a ponytail when she was last seen. She has dark brown eyes, an olive complexion and a birthmark on her right forearm similar to the shape of lips.
She was last seen wearing a navy blue Guy Harvey shirt, plaid Hollister shorts and brown Rainbow flip-flops.
Anyone with information is asked to call 911, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children at 800-843-5678 regarding case number 1236956 or the Kansas City Police Department's Shoal Creek Patrol Division at 816-413-3400 regarding case number 14-00941.
AlertMe
When sophisticated attackers come back, they can come back with a vengeance.
So it is that the minds behind the Duqu attack platform have burst back on the scene after going dark in 2012. Linked to multiple zero-days that have now been patched, 'Duqu 2.0' is more stealthy and has been tied to attacks against targets involved in the negotiations about Iran's nuclear deal as well as the IT security industry itself.
Kaspersky Lab said that in the early spring they detected an intrusion of its own internal systems while testing a prototype of technology designed to detect advanced persistent threats. The attack included some unique features that did not leave any traces, such as disk files or altered system settings. After discovering the attack, Kaspersky Lab performed an initial audit that included source code verification astund checking of its corporate infrastructure.
The audit - which is still ongoing and is expected to be completed in a few weeks, revealed that the main purpose of the attack was to spy on the company, its research and its processes. Thus far, no interference with processes or systems has been detected, and the company said it is confident its products and customers are safe.
According to Kaspersky Lab, the level of sophistication of the attack surpasses even the 'Equation Group', which is suspected by some to be linked to the NSA. The malware only exists in the system's memory, making it difficult for anti-malware solutions to detect, explained Kurt Baumgartner, principal security researcher at Kaspersky Lab.
"It also doesn't directly connect to a command-and-control server to receive instructions," he said. "Instead, the attackers infect network gateways and firewalls by installing malicious drivers that proxy all traffic from internal network to the attackers' [command and control servers]. Combined, this made discovery very difficult."
"The Duqu people were confident enough to create and run an entire cyber-espionage operation just in the system's memory, and that they can survive within an entire network of compromised computers without relying on any persistence mechanism at all," he said.
Researchers discovered several similarities in the code of Duqu 2.0 and the original version of the platform publicized in 2011, including in a set of functions that provide logging facilities.
"During our analysis in 2011, we noticed that the logs collected from some of the proxies indicated the attackers appear to work less on Fridays and didn't appear to work at all on Saturdays, with their regular work week starting on Sunday," said Baumgartner. "They also compiled binaries on January 1st, indicating it was probably a normal workday for them. The compilation timestamps in the binaries seemed to suggest a time zone of GMT+2 or GMT+3. Finally, their attacks would normally occur on Wednesdays, which was the reason we originally referred to them as the “Wednesday Gang”."
The majority of the same time indicators were found in the Duqu 2.0 attack as well, he said.
Researchers at Kaspersky Lab believe Duqu 2.0 may have leveraged three zero-days: CVE-2015-2360, CVE-2014-4148 and CVE-2014-6324. According to Kaspersky Lab, the initial attack against the firm began with the targeting of an employee in one of its smaller offices in the Asia-Pacific region. While the original infection vector is not currently known, it is believed spear-phishing was involved because one of the victims had their mailbox and web browser history wiped to hide traces of the attack. Other victims of the attackers have been found in Western countries as well as nations in the Middle East and Asia.
Most of the new 2014 and 2015 infections are linked to P5+1 events and venues associated with negotiations with Iran about a nuclear deal, the firm reported. The attackers appear to have launched attacks at venues where the talks took place, as well as a similar attack related to the 70th anniversary event of the libration of the Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp.
According to Symantec, other victims include telecoms operators in Europe and North Africa as well as a South East Asian electronic equipment manufacturer. There were also infections on computers in the U.S., U.K., Sweden, India and Hong Kong.
"Spying on cybersecurity companies is a very dangerous tendency," Eugene Kaspersky, CEO of Kaspersky Lab, said in a statement. "Security software is the last frontier of protection for businesses and customers in the modern world, where hardware and network equipment can be compromised. Moreover, sooner or later technologies implemented in similar targeted attacks will be examined and utilized by terrorists and professional cybercriminals. And that is an extremely serious and possible scenario."
According to Mr. Kaspersky, there may be several reasons why an attacker might want to access the company's technical data.
"Maybe the idea was to steal our technologies, source code, know-how and ideas to support the attackers' own software development," he wrote in a blog post published on Forbes.Com. "That would help cut a corner or two, but makes little sense in the long run. Modern software is always a work-in-progress – it's always in development – so you need to keep running very fast just to keep up, otherwise the copied software becomes obsolete fast."
According to Kaspersky, another reason could be that the spies were interested in the inner workings of the company. "We obviously have our share of technological secrets as we're a competitive business, but I can't think of anything really top secret," he noted.
Kaspersky also explained that the attackers were probably interested in the company's ongoing investigations and research methods and to "know what's cooking in the Kaspersky Lab kitchen" so as to quickly develop mitigation techniques to stay under their radar.
"Anyway, no matter the reasons behind this attack, the bad guys have lost a very expensive and sophisticated framework they'd been developing and nurturing for years," the CEO said.
While the company did not attribute the attack to a particular Nation state, some reports suggest a possible link to Israel. When asked about such a connection during a press conference on Wednesday, Mr. Kaspersky said he found the possible connection "interesting," but held back from directly calling out Israel for attacking his company.
Kaspersky provided Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) including MD5s and IPs from the command and control servers, which can be found here, along with Yara rules which can be found here.
*Additional reporting by Mike Lennon
Related: Same Platform Used to Develop Stuxnet and Duqu Created other Malware
KINGSTON, Ont. (April 9, 2014) - Queen's men's volleyball head coachis pleased to announce the signing of three exceptional recruits to the Gaels volleyball program.Joining Queen's are outside hitter's Ben Harper (Ottawa) and Dylan Hunt (Newmarket, Ont.), along with setter Joraver Sanga (Brampton, Ont.)."Ben's athleticism, his focus, his determination, his leadership and his superior skills made him an obvious standout to me," said head coachon Harper. "After his seamless transition from middle to outside hitter it became very clear that the ceiling for Ben would be extremely high and I am so pleased he has chosen our program as the launching pad for what will, no doubt, be a great career.Dylan is a perfect fit for our program is so many ways. Not only does he play extremely high, he has above average ball control for an athlete his size, and what sold me more than anything is his composure and leadership. I am excited to work with him and I believe he has all the tools to play at the international level.We were looking for a setter who is deceptive, smart, calm and can hold his own blocking. Joraver is all of those things and more and we are thrilled that he has committed to us and I look forward to working with him and think his potential to be great is fantastic."
Worst. governor. ever.
December 31, 2010
The media post-mortem on the legacy of soon-to-be-former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has been unfolding all week and it has not been pretty. The verdict seems to be that the Hollywood actor who rode into office on a wave of hollow promises may be California's worst governor ever. [Calitics]
The Sacramento Bee's readers agreed there was one word that encapsulated his misrule: failure.
George Skelton has recognized that the recall of Governor Gray Davis in the fall of 2003, which brought Schwarzenegger to office, was a major mistake. John Myers of KQED (and former KSBYnews anchor) offered a more in-depth assessment of Arnold's signature failure, his inability to fix the state's budget mess.
And Schwarzegger leaves office with approval ratings at record lows – at or below the numbers Gray Davis had when he was recalled.
The governor's failures were ideological in nature. Arnold Schwarzenegger became the worst governor in California history through his unwavering commitment to a far-right economic agenda, his fealty to the large corporations who helped elect him back in 2003, and his pursuit of a shock doctrine attack on the state's institutions and prosperity in the service of his ideology and of his wealthy backers.
Early in his tenure in office, Arnold rejected advice from Warren Buffet and others that he needed to raise taxes in 2004 to close the state's budget gap. Instead of this responsible – and necessary – solution, Arnold stuck to his ideological guns. He pushed through a costly campaign promise to repeal the restoration of a higher Vehicle License Fee, costing the state $6 billion a year in expenditures to local government to make up the lost funds.
The governor's “solution” to the structural revenue shortfall was to borrow our way out of the mess. A total of $25 billion in bonds were sold to help pay the operating costs of the state in 2004 and 2005. While deficit spending in a recession is sensible, California's economy was in recovery during those years, and could have handled a tax increase.
In fact, critics argue, a tax increase, especially on property taxes, might have slowed the growth of the real estate bubble that eventually crippled the state's economy. The debt service on those bonds takes away from other spending priorities, and lessens the state's ability to borrow to build infrastructure.
Jerry Brown will be sworn in on Monday.
Loading...
Last week our own Charlie Jane Anders gave us some excellent advice on the difference between good Worldbuilding and great Worldbuilding - but sometimes creators of some of our favourite worlds run afoul of a few tiresome Worldbuilding tropes. Here's seven clichés that need to stop cropping up in Sci-Fi and Fantasy.
Advertisement
Header Image Credit: Dragon Age Inquistion Concept Art by Matt Rhodes. It gets a few things wrong, but overall Bioware's Fantasy World is pretty well put together.
7. The Evil Empire of Evil Evilness
Advertisement
Bad Example: The Leaders of Valkyria Chronicles' Empire, who are totally not Anime Nazis you guys. No wait, they are.
Look, we get it - we English people were kind of massive d-bags as we gallivanted our way across the world colonising stuff for our Empire. A healthy mistrust of authority is occasionally a good thing. But why is it every Empire we come across always some giant conglomerate of absolute, totalitarian evil? Why isn't a Federation ever the dick, or a duchy, or an alliance? Nope, always an Empire. There might be some inherent douchiness to the process of creating an Empire, but please, if you're writing about one, don't make them this singular mass of moustache-twirling badness. Give it some layers. Make some conflict. Anything but another Evil Empire.
6. Faux-Medieval Europe
Advertisement
Bad Example: Dragon Age 's Thedas skirts around this one. It's not geographically Europe (although if you flip it upside down you kinda get something like it), but you've got your vaguely English guys, your vaguely Spanish Guys, your vaguely French Guys and your occasional vaguely Irish/Welsh guys.
This one's a bit specific to Fantasy settings, but there's nothing like a bit of Medieval Europe for your Fantasy, right? I mean, look at all the guys who did it excellently, your Tolkiens and your Martins and your what-have-you. But that's not all Fantasy has to be. Author John Wiswell wrote a particularly great rant a few years ago on the overuse of Fake-Europe in fantasy worldbuilding:
But if you're not fascinated with it, if castles and rolling hills are simply all you've seen lately, if you've watched the Lord of the Rings flicks and want to make your own – then don't write another Medieval Fantasy. Fantasy ought to be a non-denominational cathedral to the imagination, where any idea, no matter how impossible in reality, can flourish and enliven us. It's not about new sub-genres, but about use of your pages. China Mieville ought to be one colorful brick in a mosaic of new materials.
Advertisement
Fantasy can encompass so many different themes and environments. Yet another round of Ye Olde Europe-e is getting awfully boring.
5. Insert Apostrophe Here For Exoticness
Advertisement
Bad Example: Stargate both messed up and used this one correctly - Apostrophised names like Teal'c and Rya'c where the apostrophe is used to denote an honorific or surname are all right, but then you get the Goa'uld, Tok'ra, Zat'nik'tel guns and Tau'ri...
Unless you're using an apostrophe correctly, keep them out of your names. There's nothing more clichéd than characters t'alk'ing li'ke they're (see that one's needed!) bl'oo'dy id'iots. Like all linguistic tools when you're creating new worlds, punctuation should have a point, and not be liberally sprinkled over every world just for some visual flair on something that's written down. That is, unless you're writing about a race of perpetual stutterers.
4. The Single-Use World
Advertisement
Bad Example: Almost every Star Wars planet ever. Forest Moon! City World! Ice World! Desert World! Water World!
Although you might have a world that's been terraformed for one specific purpose - see the Tea plantation planet of the excellent Ancillary Sword - but it's not natural or smart to have a world that is made up of a single ecosystem. The worlds you make should be diverse and interesting places, not singular masses. This doesn't just go for ecology and environments, but the races that inhabit them too (more on that later).
3. Common Nouns out the Wazoo
Advertisement
Bad Example: Destiny, Bungie's latest shooter. You know, the one where The Guardians must wield The Light given to them by The Traveller at The Tower (where you can talk to The Traveller's emissary, The Speaker) to fight The Darkness and go to The Black Garden because The Stranger told you to, and... ugh, you get the point.
Naming things is fun, and while yes, referring to it with an unspecific Common noun (usually prefaced by a 'The') to it can give a a setting or a concept a sort of grandeur to a name, but if you over do it - like the examples from Destiny above - it just makes you sound rote and unoriginal.
2. The Homogeneous Race (That's never Humanity)
Advertisement
Bad Example: A lot of different races in both sci-fi and Fantasy can fall into this trope, but let's go with the classic granddaddy of them all with Tolkien's Elves, who are all snooty nature lovers, or his dwarves, who all love gold and live underground, or his Hobbits, who are all simple agricultural folk.
A similar lack of diversity that leads to single-use worlds can also happen to whole species too - this can be especially common in sci-fi when a whole planets are seemingly populated by one homogenous mass of the same people without nations or alliances or any sort of diversity, but it can affect anyone. A race without different political identities or religions or nations or any sort of grouping is one without much culture to it or any sort of interest. If everyone is all the same or of the same disposition and all agree about something, where's the the interest in that? Races should be multi-dimensional and nuanced, not sweeping generalisations made flesh.
Bonus points if this is contrasted with Humanity being lauded and portrayed as a diverse and multi-cultural race and are special because of said diversity. If you can write diverse humans, why not any other diverse race?
Advertisement
1. The Precursor Civilisation
Bad Example: Halo's Precursors. They're not even Halo's only Precursor race, theres another called the Forerunners (seen above). Precursors for everyone!
Advertisement
Want some instant Worldbuilding? Bam! Someone (usually super advanced) was here before, did everything before, served as the basis for all the technology that present races have, and are usually involved in whatever the current plot is for some reason (usually because they were probably taken out by the current Big Bad in an endless cycle of everything that has happened before, happening again). Not only is it a sort of cheap shorthand to instantly add depth to a world, it also seems to have been the hot new thing in the past few years that's seen several properties latch onto it and try their hand. Not everything has to have happened before!
You're reading Toybox, io9's new blog for all things pop culture. From merchandise to awesome fan creations, TV recaps and critical commentary on the hot topics of the day, you can find it all here!
The Chairman of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (USCCR) attacked proponents of religious liberty in a recent statement, suggesting that it is simply a justification for bigotry, prejudice and discrimination.
The Obama-appointed chairman, Martin R. Castro, stated that the “phrases ‘religious liberty' and ‘religious freedom' will stand for nothing except hypocrisy so long as they remain code words for discrimination, intolerance, racism, sexism, homophobia, Islamophobia or any form of intolerance.”
Castro further declared that “today, as in the past, religion is being used as both a weapon and a shield by those seeking to deny others equality.”
“We now see ‘religious liberty' arguments sneaking their way back into our political and constitutional discourse,” Castro said, “in an effort to undermine the rights of some Americans.”
The Chairman's words accompanied the roll-out of the USCCR's report “Peaceful Coexistence: Reconciling Nondiscrimination Principles with Civil Liberties,” which examines the various legal and constitutional issues that arise when anti-discrimination laws and religious liberty come into conflict.
In its “Findings and Recommendations,” the report sided firmly with anti-discrimination laws over religious liberty, declaring that civil rights protections ensuring nondiscrimination are of “preeminent importance” in American jurisprudence, whereas religious exemptions “significantly infringe upon these civil rights.”
The Commission also stated that religious exemptions from nondiscrimination laws and policies must be “defined narrowly.”
In its majority statement, the Commissioners warned that threats to civil liberties, “cloaked as ‘religious freedom' protection bills, are emerging in dozens of states and localities across the nation.”
The Commissioners suggested that these proposals “represent a backlash to the U.S. Supreme Court's June 2015 recognition of a right to marriage equality for same-sex couples,” and most of these are “thinly-veiled attempts to turn back the clock,” referring to the Obergefell v. Hodges case, in which by a 5-4 majority the U.S. Supreme Court decided that same-sex marriage is a constitutional right.
In his powerfully worded dissent to that decision, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts stated that the majority decision was “indefensible as a matter of constitutional law.”
“The majority's decision is an act of will, not legal judgment,” Roberts wrote. “The right it announces has no basis in the Constitution or this Court's precedent.”
For his part, Justice Samuel Alito also attacked the majority decision, noting that for the 5 justices, “it does not matter that the right to same-sex marriage lacks deep roots or even that it is contrary to long-established tradition.”
The majority decision “usurps the constitutional right of the people to decide whether to keep or alter the traditional understanding of marriage,” he added.
In a remarkably prescient passage, Alito warned that the Obergefell decision will be used “to vilify Americans who are unwilling to assent to the new orthodoxy” and “will be exploited by those who are determined to stamp out every vestige of dissent.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
